 I am starting an online business, specializing in playing cards. They are cheap and lightweight, making the prediction of shipping cost problematic.

Would you, as shoppers, be willing to pay a higher shipping cost upfront, and receive a coupon or gift certificate for the difference in return? Doing so, you would have an incentive to return to the shop, and I, as the seller, don't lose money on shipping fees.

Thoughts? Questions? Heated calls for me to go to a different subreddit? I'm up for all of it. 



















 Edits, added info on Key to Laughter. refined info on what the Keys are.

Throughout the season, we have been trying to find the different keys to open the chest, and each episode has been given a strange hook at the end.

I believe that some of these ending *are* the keys to unlock that chest. Specifically, the shining items. The items themselves will be revealed to become the keys once all of them are found.

The Key to Generosity - Rainbow Thread - The key to Generosity is not to give away without thought. You must be willing to see when your generosity is harming others, and be careful not to hurt your relationships.

The Key to Loyalty - Wonderbolt's Badge - The key to Loyalty is to stick with your friends, even if it means giving up something important to you.

The Key to Laughter - Boneless -  The key to Laughter is knowing when to be light-hearted and when to be serious. If they pony you are throwing the party for isn't having fun, then you are doing something wrong.

The others have not been seen yet, but will show themselves in the next few episodes. Each Key will be a mostly ordinary item that is germane to the episode. Each Key will be given by the pony that learned a lesson about the Element, and will representative of both their and the Bearer's personality.

The Key to Kindness - The key to Kindness is to know when that kindness is being wasted. You can still be polite to those that are rude to you, but you must know when to walk away. (Fluttershy's episode will likely involve a conflict between her animals.)

The Key to Honesty - The key to Honesty is to not be afraid to face the truth, no matter how unpleasant. It is one thing to tell a white lie about liking someone's dress, but hiding the truth will generally lead to disaster. (Applejack's episode has been brewing for a long time now, and things will quickly come to a head soon)

The Key to Friendship - The key to Friendship is to love your friends during the best and worst of times. Even when you are angry with them, even when you are sick, even when they do wrong. (Twilight's episode will involve Discord, and will end with the opening of the chest. Twilight will make the revelation that she does not want to harm Discord, because he is still a friend. She will also learn that Chaos, the Element he embodies, is a necessary force in the universe.) 




 The Lee Family history is a complicated one, with unpleasant holes when looking for members outside of the famous family. Everyone wishes their family is relayed to royalty, causing confusion and false stories. 

There is one method I can think of to clear this up, to ask existing Lee's for details of their direct ancestry.

But, is it a good idea to just call them almost randomly and ask for their male lineage?

And is there possibly another way? 









 Important note that I forgot. I mean one that is actually available now, not as a preorder. 









 Are RRR cards seriously being bought for $30-60, or is that just what people are putting them up for and buyers don't buy them? 



















 Victor Tate, arrested and convicted for a crime he didn't commit, serves 18 years hard time when Stabler and Benson find the real perp. Perp confesses, but is killed before he can give his plea in open court.

So, why can't they have Tate released in the interest of justice. Certainly, the testimony of the arresting officer saying that Tate is innocent, based on the admission of guilt from the deceased would be enough for a parole board to consider early release, or the governor to grant a pardon.

Hell, Liv and El have friends in the media, if the Governor said no, They could drum up public support.

There is no reason, legally, to keep him in prison. 




 Woman comes in right at the beginning of the shift, asking for a room on the outside. I tell her we have one and give her the rate.

She pulls out a *massive* wad of one dollar bills and starts going through it.

I tell her, "I'm sorry, I can't take 100 dollars in ones. "

"Look, I'm from the Valley and this is how us Mexicans pay. How many ones **will** you take?"

Her compromise ended up being paying the whole thing in a mix of fives and ones, the whole time giving me a hard time about how Mexicans just don't pay with anything larger than a five, and I (because I am white, But she didn't say it) wouldn't understand that. 


































 At the end of the episode, Twilight is presented with a box by the Tree of Harmony. A box with 6 keyholes. Considering the source of this box, the Keys must be tied to the Elements of Harmony.

So, what are these Keys, and where are they found?

1) Key of Honesty

2) Key of Kindness

3) Key of Laughter

4) Key of Loyalty

5) Key of Generosity

6) Key of Magic

And the final question, What is in the box?

Discuss... 




 Applejack told her to Spike the punch. 














 How many people? I dunno, 1?

Do you want smoking or non-smoking? It doesn't matter.

We have both, which do you want? I dunno... 














 Looking for well-written short stories of any subject matter. Target initial compilation will be Sci-Fi, however another may be given priority if enough submissions are received.

No overall deadline, as multiple compilations will be created, however the target for the first to be prepared is Jan 31.

All published compilations will be made available on Google Play.

Authors will be given compensation based on the number of sales and number of their stories in the publication.

Submissions can be in any format, text only, and most be original work. Derivative work will only be accepted for characters in the public domain.

Any stories submitted for this will be kept for future use, even if they are not published already. If you submit a story and wish to remove your permission, it must be done two weeks before the publication date which will appear on the notice that your story will be included.

PM me here for contact, or email me at train_subject9260@gmail.com

And feel free comment here with any questions, Or anything I may have forgotten to include.

Edit - I have gotten a number of good suggestions which will be kept under advisement, and the first of hopefully many submissions, which I have responded to with suggestions for getting it ready for publication. 
























 We're a new Company, looking for members willing to be generally helpful and friendly to the community at large.

Must be outgoing, willing to help noobs with information, and respond to raise requests if available.

When we have enough people we will help members run through Dungeons or other content requiring help.

Send a message or reply here with your name, and Twilight Sparkle will get back with you as the earliest convenience. 









 We just failed our pool inspection pretty badly, and the inspector told me, personally, that the pool has to be shut down until the issues are fixed.

Issues include locks needing to be fixed on the entrance and machine room, a lack of an emergency phone, no safety shutoff for the spa, a dangerous PH balance... you get the picture.

And my manager (three guesses to his last name) tells me to throw away the hotel copy of the inspection that has my name on it and tell people the pool is open.

What do I do? 




 Really, no answers? 


































 Perhaps one of Granny Smith's siblings was...

wait for it...

Apple Pie. And Pinkie Pie could be their descendant, making her and Applejack 2nd cousins. Because they are close as friends, it would only make sense that they consider each other family.

It would also explain why they were getting along, mostly, in Equestria Girls, despite Sunset Shimmer's attempts to drive everyone apart, and why Pinkie would have had any reason to head Sweet Apple Acres in Magical Mystery Cure. 




 Perhaps one of Granny Smith's siblings was...

wait for it...

Apple Pie. And Pinkie Pie could be their descendant, making her and Applejack 2nd cousins. Because they are close as friends, it would only make sense that they consider each other family.

It would also explain why they were getting along, mostly, in Equestria Girls, despite Sunset Shimmer's attempts to drive everyone apart, and why Pinkie would have had any reason to head Sweet Apple Acres in Magical Mystery Cure. 









 ...is when guests accuse me of being racist because I didn't give them everything they wanted.

This guy just now felt like he could check out whenever he personally felt like it because he didn't get into the room early yesterday. Mind you, it easy a busy day that morning, no one was being checked in when he originally came, because none of the rooms were clean. Our normal check in time is 3pm, so all guests that came early were told to come back after three.

We get some rooms ready early (about 2pm), and so we begin checking people in, provided their room was ready, and when my relief came in at 3, I personally got a list of all the rooms that were ready from the housekeepers to start checking people in more quickly.

This morning, after checking out, this jackass accuses me of checking people in with 'preferential treatment' which confused me for a moment until he continued, "I'm sure you only checked white people in early".

That was it for me, after all the nastiness he was spewing that I normally let wash over me (he'd been demanding a late check out for over an hour), I cut him off.

"Don't make this about race, that isn't fair to me and it isn't fair to you."

His response, "No, it's not fair to me."

[](/facehoof) Some people never think about what they're saying. 




 ...is when guests accuse me of being racist because I didn't give them everything they wanted.

This guy just now felt like he could check out whenever he personally felt like it because he didn't get into the room early yesterday. Mind you, it easy a busy day that morning, no one was being checked in when he originally came, because none of the rooms were clean. Our normal check in time is 3pm, so all guests that came early were told to come back after three.

We get some rooms ready early (about 2pm), and so we begin checking people in, provided their room was ready, and when my relief came in at 3, I personally got a list of all the rooms that were ready from the housekeepers to start checking people in more quickly.

This morning, after checking out, this jackass accuses me of checking people in with 'preferential treatment' which confused me for a moment until he continued, "I'm sure you only checked white people in early".

That was it for me, after all the nastiness he was spewing that I normally let wash over me (he'd been demanding a late check out for over an hour), I cut him off.

"Don't make this about race, that isn't fair to me and it isn't fair to you."

His response, "No, it's not fair to me."

[](/facehoof) Some people never think about what they're saying... 









 In an effort to make sens of the slightly contrived ending, I noticed three important things regarding the Element of Harmony stolen by Sunset Shimmer.

First, that the stolen Element is not the Element of Magic wielded by Twilight Sparkle. Upon her ascension at the end of the third season, the power of the other five Elements merged with the one embedded in the crown to created a single Element.

Second, the people of Canterlot High and the ponies of Equestria are causally linked to one another. While they have different experiences and memories, they each hold the same personalities, abilities, and relationships as their counterparts. Because of this, when Pony!Fluttershy earned the Element of Kindness, Human!Fluttershy was able to wield its power as well. It should be noted that when Twilight's transformation occurred, the other Elements remained intact.

Third, and most important, is that Sunset Shimmer had no way of knowing these previous points. She believed that bringing the Element of Harmony into the human world would give her the power of the Elements in the human world, where she could gather an army to take over Equestria.

*But...*

She had been living in Canterlot High for 2 and a half years. She had to have known that there was no magic working there. So, why would she believe that bringing the crown there would be a worthwhile endeavor? Why not just put the crown on inside the Crystal Empire?

The answer can only be one thing. The Nightmare Force.

For over a thousand years, something has been corrupting powerful individuals in Equestria, and turning them into cruel and evil beings. This force had been defeated by the Elements of Harmony before, possibly twice, depending on when Sunset Shimmer left Equestria, and it may have taken root inside Sunset Shimmer as well.

If it was whispering to her to take the crown away from Equestria, it may have believed that it could take over the Element in the Human World. When Twilight wears the crown before Sunset Shimmer, nothing happens, and when Sunset puts the crown on, she babbles about unlimited power, but the magic takes hold on its own. A Dark Magic, separate from the aura she displayed in the Crystal Empire. The transformation was not caused because Sunset wore the crown. It was because Nightmare did.

Season 4 will be exploring this Nightmare Force in more detail, and the events of this movie may or may not play out with that, but they seem linked.

[](/twibiggrin) But I might be wrong. 




 In an effort to make sens of the slightly contrived ending, I noticed three important things regarding the Element of Harmony stolen by Sunset Shimmer.

First, that the stolen Element is *not* the Element of Magic wielded by Twilight Sparkle. Upon her ascension at the end of the third season, the power of the other five Elements merged with the one embedded in the crown to created a single Element.

Second, the people of Canterlot High and the ponies of Equestria are causally linked to one another. While they have different experiences and memories, they each hold the same personalities, abilities, and relationships as their counterparts. Because of this, when Pony!Fluttershy earned the Element of Kindness, Human!Fluttershy was able to wield its power as well. It should be noted that when Twilight's transformation occurred, the other Elements remained intact.

Third, and most important, is that Sunset Shimmer had no way of knowing these previous points. She believed that bringing the Element of Harmony into the human world would give her the power of the Elements in the human world, where she could gather an army to take over Equestria.

*But...*

She had been living in Canterlot High for 2 and a half years. She had to have known that there was no magic working there. So, why would she believe that bringing the crown there would be a worthwhile endeavor? Why not just put the crown on inside the Crystal Empire?

The answer can only be one thing. The Nightmare Force.

For over a thousand years, something has been corrupting powerful individuals in Equestria, and turning them into cruel and evil beings. This force had been defeated by the Elements of Harmony before, possibly twice, depending on when Sunset Shimmer left Equestria, and it may have taken root inside Sunset Shimmer as well.

If it was whispering to her to take the crown away from Equestria, it may have believed that it could take over the Element in the Human World. When Twilight wears the crown before Sunset Shimmer, nothing happens, and when Sunset puts the crown on, she babbles about unlimited power, but the magic takes hold on its own. A Dark Magic, separate from the aura she displayed in the Crystal Empire. The transformation was not caused because Sunset wore the crown. It was because Nightmare did.

Season 4 will be exploring this Nightmare Force in more detail, and the events of this movie may or may not play out with that, but they seem linked.

[](/twibiggrin) But I might be wrong. 




 It's become a little of a sore spot for me that I can not seem to trace that branch of the family beyond their arrival on the River. My family always talks about being related to the Lee's of Virginia (Robert E. Lee specifically), but this is a dead end, I fear. 




 I just hope I made the right decision with such a large portion of my paycheck. The delivery time of July 24-26 is acceptable, but $100 is a lot to tie up in speculation. 









 On another sub, the discussion regarding the Labor Theory of Value naturally lead here. Among questions that I have to ask is that if, as the one self-described socialist in the discussion suggested, we as a society were to disallow earnings on capital investment, including giving some of the company's profit to shareholders, what would be used to give investments to new companies?

To be more simple in my phrasing, if I had a sum of money saved up from working, what incentive do I have to loan that money to my neighbor, who wants to make useful products for others?

If I were to give a loan for zero interest, I run all the risk of loss, and have no potential to gain, therefore my only way of gaining is to only utilize my money for my own projects, because I would be a worker and not an investor.

Does this not breed more selfishness? Ironically, the philosophy of selfishness, Objectivism, would encourage investment in others with appropriate thought and care to minimize loss, leading (hopefully) to a better business venture.

I appreciate your taking the time to read this, and would further appreciate an honest answer as to how my thinking is not in line with your philosophy, so I may better understand. 






















































 My theory is a simple one. At some point in the past, Celestia received a prophecy that the newest ruler of Equestria would be someone named a certain way.

**Sunset** *Shimmer*

**Twilight** *Sparkle*

-----

Shining Light Twixt Day and Night

Will Enter Through the Mirror

Friendship's Magic Come to Light

Alone, She Will Appear

Elements Six Will Join the Fight

To Protect the World From Fear

Redemption Favors Over Might

The Banished Sheds a Tear

--- 




 My theory is a simple one. At some point in the past, Celestia received a prophecy that the newest ruler of Equestria would be someone named a certain way.

**Sunset** *Shimmer*

**Twilight** *Sparkle* 









 ... make sure you check your spam folder and the folder you used to send Square-Enix Newsletters.

Also, if your loader gets stuck on PS3, press and hold the PS Button, Quit the game, and reload. 









 Is this happening to anyone else?

I got ahead of myself and used the token to buy a free warbird before accepting the mission and now the mission is frozen on the "buy a new ship" objective. Even buying a third ship using mined dilithium didn't help, and it seems like the GMs there don't help out at all.

Will I have to start over? 














  Oh yeah, I was getting excited and got off topic. Let me get back to it. Yeah, I did help my sister yesterday. I convinced my father and let him accept her hobby.

 But you see, I didn't do that to be thanked by her. I didn't do that wanting something in return. I'm not repeating some famous person's line but...

 I just did what I wanted to, the way I wanted to. All selfishly, I just meddled with things.

 As a result, what I obtained is something within myself, and not something I get from another. 









 I am going to begin acting as an SLL gateway. If you wish to use ripple to trade SLL (Second Life Lindens) for BTC or USD for a much lower fee than ViwWoX, I can help.

1) Trust my ripple account ( rwJvwvXz7Tg4KNP29yzqQnciFFL1YCpKUH ) for any arbitrarily large amount of the currency "SLL", you will have to enter that in manually.

2) Connect your account to the Bitstamp gateway for USD and BTC.

3) If you wish to buy SLL, put in a trade, typing in "SLL/BTC" or "SLL/USD" select my address for the SLL issuer, and bitstamp for the other. Liquidity will be initially low, so do not worry about the speed of the trade. It will become faster as trades continue.

4) If you wish to sell SLL, PM me either here on Reddit or on Second Life (train_subject9260.resident), to send the Ripple payment address and set up a time to give the SLL collateral. This amount, minus the 1% deposit fee, will be sent as a Ripple payment immediately on receipt. You may then Sell SLL for USD or BTC using the same method in 3).

5) To withdraw your funds from Ripple in SLL, contact me with your SL username, and the amount you will withdraw. I will give you a transaction number for the payment and send the funds to you for no additional fees.

6) To withdraw in USD or BTC, use the methods described in Bitstamp. Some fees may apply.

Fees collected from this will be used as follows.

1) Upgrading to a premium account to allow land purchase.

2) To buy a plot of land to allow "Face to Face" transactions between Ripplers, allowing for a soft marketplace for buying or selling products for currencies other than SLL.

3) To expand that land to allow for static shops, which will increase SLL holdings within Ripple and facilitate larger trades.

4) To expand into a social gathering point focusing on the Bitcoin and Ripple communities in SL. 














 Who holds the money while it is in ripple? If I set up a gateway, would I be able to take money from my friend, for example, and send him a payment in Ripple?

Would I simply be in possession of his money at that time?

How would I be informed if another gateway withdraws that IOU, so I can send them the money, if necessary?

 And what would stop me from setting my own price to trade from one currency to another? And from that, trade with myself for a higher or lower price than a normal exchange. 




 I thought of a couple ideas to use.

"Lima Bean" - Play when you would be affected by a monster's Bad Stuff that includes Death. You survive instead and gain levels as if you defeated the monster. This can not give you the winning level. No Treasure is gained.

"Reincarnation" - Play when someone would be affected by a monster's Bad Stuff that includes Death. ~~Roll a die. On 4-6,~~ you reincarnate as a member of the opposite sex. Discard all Race/Class/Etc. Cards and replace with the same number starting from the bottom of the Discard Pile.

"Weighted Boots" - -5 Power, -1 Run Away, Every combat you successfully Run Away from while wearing the Boots add add a +1 counter (+2 for Martial Artists) to yourself that is lost on Death., Footwear, Big, 300 Gold

"Neo**nic Nightmare" - -1 Power, Scientific Experiment combines your DNA with a Spider, -4 Arms, No Value

Edit - Removed dice roll from Reincarnation.

Edit - Fix to the Boots 




 There are a total of over $100,000 in USD loan requests on the site, which are used to buy BTC on margin, some of the requests as high as 150% interest.

Because Margin buying is done as a loan, where the buyer can not retrieve the coins, they are purely speculative purchases, and indicate an extreme inflation to the price of the coins themselves.

This is great news for people who are lending money, as the system will not allow the borrowers to default, but this could pose a serious risk to newer purchasers of BTC. If these margin loans were to close position quickly, it would burn through the buy orders and plummet the exchange rate.

Eventually, these loans will close, no matter what. The only question is, will the sellers leave slowly, keeping the price high, or will they dump? 




 [](/twibeam)In Episode 10, Kyousuke and Ayase are at a cosplay contest, trying to win a special figure for Kirino. Ayase remarks about the sheer number of older men excited by cosplay surrounding a children's show and Kyousuke retorts that maybe it is "proof that its popularity crosses all demographic boundaries"

[](/facehoof)I wanted to make an image for it, but I couldn't find the episode YouTube. But it just about sums up our feeling for MLP. 









 Would you be interested in helping fund an unofficial convention app for RealmsCon, this and future years?

After numerous schedule changes during the event last year, I felt it would be best to have an electronic schedule of events for the con this year. This thought led me to Guidebooks.com

I have already created a basic version, but to get full functionality, including the ability to place ads for the guests to view and social networking, it will cost a total of $5,000.

With 6 months until the convention, and regular updates as new information and guests are provided, this can present and opportunity for a great amount of viewer impressions, and higher potential returns. 














 TWILIGHT

 My friend really need help

I have a friend?

FLUTTERSHY/ TWILIGHT

 Very light and of course

A good friend of mine.

RAINBOW DASH (spoken)

And shoot, do you remember today?

TWILIGHT

 Two or three

I love them

FLUTTERSHY

Try this

I began to understand

FLUTTERSHY/TWILIGHT

My friend really need help

I have a friend?

 Very light and of course

 A good friend of mine

RAINBOW DASH (spoken)

Here is the video.

TWILIGHT (spoken)

On top of this. Abligak twice!

RAINBOW DASH (spoken)

Reality

RAINBOW DASH

More

I love them

Try this

I began to understand

TWILIGHT/ FLUTTERSHY/RAINBOW DASH

My friend really need help

Is your friend

Very light and of course

A good friend of mine

RARITY (spoken)

Oh God, how awful!

TWILIGHT (spoken)

Jeunes rose potatoes, Abligak who can help you

RARITY (spoken)

Apple. Thank you.

RARITY

I have a problem

I want to be involved

 Not you

You are one of us

TWILIGHT/ FLUTTERSHY/RAINBOW DASH/ RARITY

My friend really need help

Is your friend

Very light and of course

 A good friend of mine

APPLEJACK (spoken)

 The islands of vibrations! This is not the next day.

TWILIGHT (spoken)

 Pink fry bread

APPLEJACK (spoken)

I don't know what to do.

APPLEJACK

 Pronounced are really

Hard to find

 In March, beat not

Tarrag Tarrag Motic

If you think it really

Reconnaissan

 A bottle of wine

You can enjoy a wide variety of groups

PINKIE PIE (spoken)

Another option is to see your smiling face!

TOWN

Small!

ALL

My friend really need help

Is your friend!

Very light! (Very Light!)

Of course! (Of Course!)

A good friend of mine! 




 rwJvwvXz7Tg4KNP29yzqQnciFFL1YCpKUH 









 I have been able to trace my family back to one John Lee near Little Kanahwa River in present day West Virginia, born 1794, died 1838. I am thinking, due to the proximity to the famous Lee family, that there is a connection, but have been unable to find a documented link.

There seems to be no records at all beyond the deed's granting to his father Richard, but there are numerous family stories if a relation to one of the Hancock Lee's

Any ideas? 









 I trust that KSP will get this cleared up, likely tomorrow (Monday), but for those of you who may have had this problem, how long did it take to fix? 














 Everyone and their mother seems to want to force their cat into a "cute pose" and share the photo with Reddit, and they **always** get upvoted.

It's weird. 




 Most grocery stores have prepaid card centers. I could go to the store, buy any online-useable gift card (Best Buy, Karma Coin, Ultimate Gamers, PlayStation, Wii, or Xbox, among others), and send the code in PM after getting the payment.

I'd be limited in how much can be done at first, but it could mean an increase in demand for BTC, since it could be used for almost anything, and I wouldn't be hoarding too much because I'd need to sell my BTC to get more cards.

Sound like a good idea? 




 My credit was shot to hell (low-500s), with two bank accounts, a credit card, and two cell phone accounts unpaid. A couple years ago, i took a shot in the dark and opened an account at Bank of America so i could cash my paychecks for free. That got me into Merrill Edge for stock trading, which is doing well but still low. Then I saw Credit Karma on the web, and found out exactly how to clear my credit scores. 

Thanks to careful planning I have a score over 600, and heading up. I got approved for two credit cards, one a secured card from Capitol One and the other (just recently) an unsecured, no-annual fee, NFL Rewards card, and a line of credit at Fingerhut (I know, they're overpriced there, but it is okay). 

With Fingerhut, I'll buy one overpriced crap item at a time, and pay it off over time, leaving a huge portion of credit unused. I will save more by not constantly buying stuff from them then I would be spending in interest.

By my birthday, I might be in the top 50% of all credit scores in the country, and it would only go up from there! 




 Self-posting to avoid karma on this announcement.

/r/MyLittleBeadsprites

[](/ajhappy)Users in /r/MyLittlePony were talking about the overuse of memes in the main sub, so I decided to make a new one just for beadsprites. Feel free to post any MLP/beadsprite images, be it the ones you make or the ones you bought. 




 Self-posting to avoid karma on this announcement.

/r/MyLittleBeadsprites

[](/ajhappy)Users in /r/MyLittlePony were talking about the overuse of memes in the main sub, so I decided to make a new one just for beadsprites. Feel free to post any MLP/beadsprite images, be it the ones you make or the ones you bought. 



















 On the bright side, there is little worry for fraudulent transactions as a seller when accepting bitcoin. Plus, as the value goes up, the coins that I have banked become more valuable.

But on the other hand, because there is a finite amount of coins to be mined and created, those who start early with bitcoin are likely to gain a rather unfair advantage monetarily. If I buy just one bitcoin, and it becomes a global currency, then i would be one of the richest men in the world. (21,000,000 BTC/7 billion people =0.003 BTC/person average)

If my assessment is wrong, i would love to know why and how. 




 [](/fabulous) The different color's in Rarity's mane... (from MLP, of course)

Which would best approximate it out of the following?

Purple, Periwinkle, Pastel Lavender, and Plum or would you call them something else? 




 [](/fabulous) The different color's in Rarity's mane...

Which would best approximate it out of the following?

Purple, Periwinkle, Pastel Lavender, and Plum or would you call them something else? 









 But they might welcome her into the Shadowbolts... 




 Would someone be able to make an XML file that contains all the colors, including translucent, glitter, and pearl colors? Or, alternatively, point me to a way to figure out the color values of the beads I have that aren't already there. 









 What exactly powers her scooter? It is clearly motorized, but there is no mechanics for gasoline, and seemingly no electricity in Ponyville... 




 Dear Mr. President,

 I am writing today as a self-appointed representative of Objectivism to discuss the budget concerns hounding our country. We have spent ourselves into a hole that many of us worry will never be gotten out of, and we can all agree that steps must be taken now to prevent our great nation from going the way of others.

The first and foremost thing we must do to stem this impending disaster is to cut spending. Cut to the bone. Cut until it hurts. Anywhere that money is wasted, that liars and cheats get what they do not deserve, or that people fall into a lull of safety at the gifts of government must be removed from our budget. And cut until the cost of finding more waste, fraud, and abuse is not worth finding anymore.

Put back the work requirements for welfare. Lower the allowable weeks of being on unemployment. Stop federal contractors from overbilling for everything they manufacture. Pass budget laws that allow only directly related amendments to bills. 

At the same time, cut and limit loopholes and deductions in the tax law to prevent cheats from paying lower than they need. Do not demonise the rich as a group, as it is the rich that do so much for our nation, but go after those who utilize the law to circumvent their true fair share.

And then, only after there is nothing left to cut, after nothing else can be removed from spending, after no more waste or fraud are visibly present, do you consider raising the tax rates. The rich, and those who wish to be rich, want nothing more than to see our nation prosper, and if there was absolutely no choice but to raise rates on any level, we would gladly give.

However, when a large portion of our population gets more back from the government than they give, and with spending so high and only climbing higher, we must conclude that there are other methods to bring down our deficit to a manageable level. We, as a country, make so much that we could do anything we wanted, if we were not burdened with this crippling debt.

That brings me to my last point of advice, when we get the budget down, and we have a surplus, do not under any circumstances release it as a rebate to the people. Use it to further pay off the debt, and lower the burden for future years. Once that debt is paid off, we could lower taxes across the board with impunity. 




 The image I am using has a small amount of blur in between two blocks of color. Should I try and replicate that, or should I correct the blur into sharper lines? 




 ... and he started going on about how much good Occupy Wall Street has done for the people. If that is true, it would literally be the first time I heard this claim, even on pro-OWS reddits. The way he was talking to me, it sounded like he expected me to sympathize with him, and give him a break on his room before he went to live like an animal in a national park.

Mind you, I am not calling him a hippie because he was a socialist, Occupy member, I called him that because he stank to high heaven, hitchhiked from Maine to Texas with his girlfriend and dog (he claims it is a service dog, but I think it was just to get around "No Pets" policies), and was wearing tie-dyed clothes, and a rastafarian hat and natty dredds. I thought I went back in time to the 70s for a second.

I was glad to be rid of him.  




 ... read the FAQ before I bought 2 11,000 bead mix buckets from the store?

I thought it would be a great idea, buy a bucket or two each paycheck, and build up enough buckets for one for each color, I underestimated how painful it is to sort 22,000 beads. 




 ...Is Nightmare Moon? It can't be a coincidence that both NM and the Crystal Ponies were banished from Equestria 1000 years ago. 









 I bought a copy of Ultimate Spider-Man #160 last week, the one with the blank cover. The anime convention I was attending had Sam de la Rosa, and he offered (for a fee) to hand-draw a sketch of Venom, Carnage, and Spider-Man on the cover and sign it.

This is the first time I had the opportunity to buy a comic of this caliber, and so I dropped the money without hesitation. Only after I received the comic (the next day from Sam, who took pictures of the work for his archives) and talked with a friend in art appraisal, did I look up the rules regarding signed comics.

They won't appraise a signed comic and certify the autograph unless they **actually** witness the signing. No exceptions! So, now I'm stuck with an ungraded comic, and if I send it to grade, they'll likely mark points off for the fact that the cover is drawn on.

So, I got to thinking, what if there was competition to the CGC in regard to grading comics? 

CGC charges an absolute minimum of $18 per comic, and that is only for modern age comics that appraise for less that $200. And they require a minimum of 20-30 comics to be submitted at once.

I could get away with $10 plus 3% of appraisal for any comic, giving a hard plastic case as part of the deal. Plus, the grading would be able to be performed by someone that cares about the details like signatures, and can take providence into account. In fact, I'd want to get signed copies, as it increases the value and the price of the appraisal.

Obviously, I wouldn't want to start such a service without support, so reply if you would be interested in an Independent Appraisal of your collectibles.

TL;dr - The CGC is too expensive for smaller collectors, let's make our own service. 



















 Send over an invite! 




 ... To Jo's newest book, "The Casual Vacancy," Coming out on the 27th?

Yes, I call her Jo. And no, I'm not her publicist. 



















 That r/atheism is run by atheists, but r/capitalists seems to be filled with socialists and communists, based on the posts I've seen? Just seems weird to me. 



















 I'm so hungry, I could eat a horse! 
























 We can't stop you from using our hotels for your "escort services" (seriously, what idiot is going to pay $250 for a 15 minute chat with a woman, unless there is sex involved), but don't post advertisements using our hotel rooms in the picture.

You're putting our logo out to the world, saying "come here and there are prostitutes", and that tarnishes our reputation.

And I'm not even gonna get into the **underage** prostitutes!

Show some god damned decorum, and at the very least take your photos in such a way that I can't tell it was my hotel by looking at it.

Signed, a very angry Front Desk Manager at a local hotel, who is tired of seeing our rooms on Back Page.

P.S. If I see **you** on Back Page, I may let you check in to the hotel, then tip off the police. Fair warning. 




 It's being tracked on Lookout. Last seen near Angelo and Santa Fe.

Give it back.

Edit - good news! The person that had the phone got in contact with us, and show be returning it to the RTA lost and found today. 




 Obviously it is possible, but will they utilize it?

Doing so would allow Windows users to seamlessly move from the HoloLens to the PC with little change. 




 http://imgur.com/G9hBLQt

Can it be repaired to a playable level? And roughly how much would that cost? 




 ... can they do a Magical Boys anime that isn't... girly?

I started doing a writeup of costuming and theme to make a more serious version, mixing elements of Sailor Moon with the live action Super Sentai.

I wrote out the whole thing, making suggestions along the way (I hadn't posted it, because I hadn't gotten the reference pictures for it), and realized that someone *had* already made a serious Magical Boys anime, that had certain parallels to Sailor Moon without being a parody of the genre...

Yoroiden Samurai Troopers, also known as Ronin Warriors, featured an all-male troop of young men who transformed into powerful ronin. The costuming was mostly angular (straight lines are more visually masculine compared to curves), had little frills or excess (especially in the sub-armor form).

Like Sailor Moon, they fought with their faces uncovered, but (as fitting for the more stoic men) focused less on battle speeches and more on weapons and attacks.

It was funny, I watched the whole series when it came out, and nearly forgot about it when it was most appropriate...

So, the real question is... can we do a show like this again? 



















 That one site frequented my Marvelous doesn't have a lot of them. 




 Do you not use mining software to gain ReddCoin at all, instead focusing on the proof of velocity to award?

Does everybody get a piece of the block reward based on their velocity (like interest on a bank account), or is it more random than that.

And, outside of tipping on different platforms, how useful is this as a cryptocurrency? 














 Yesterday, one of our regular, problem guests checks out of her room without saying anything. No big deal, happens all the time, but housekeeping needed my help getting inside the room.

On entering, I see ash from a cigarette on the nightstand next to the bed.

She comes back today (with the frequency that she does this, I'm sure she is a prostitute) looking for a room. I tell her flatly that she was smoking in the room before and because it was a nonsmoking room she would have to pay a cleaning fee.

 I didn't smoke in the room, though. I don't smoke cigarettes.  
 My friend might have done some marijuana...

I tell her that regardless of the kind of cigarette, there is no smoking allowed in the room, and she doubles down.

 My friend was probably just rolling a blunt...

I let the comment pass the first time, but I had to speak up.

 Don't tell me you're doing marijuana in the rooms, because that's illegal. If you want to stay, you will have to stay in a smoking room, and you'll have to pay a cleaning fee for smoking in our nonsmoking room.

 How much is that?

 $50 (our reg card says we can charge up to $250)

She left, and I doubt she'll return while I am working. (But, she'll probably try and see if the night guys go easy on her.) 





























 During the play scene, after Bipierrot destroyed everything, the girls introduced themselves for the audience.

Mars mentioned her fire attacks and red heels. Jupiter mentioned her "talent" and thunder... Then Mercury loudly proclaims "I am the number one student on the practice exam."

You would think she would be smart enough not to say something like that, if they are *secret* identities. 




 Sorry about the long one.

We had a power outage last night. Nothing major, just an idiot crashing into a pole.

Of course, everyone demands special treatment in the morning because of it. Most of the people were happy to get a $10 discount and be done with it, some didn't even ask for that much...

But there is always one.

He comes in around 10:30, and asks us to comp him the entire room for his stay. I tell him, "No. I can't do that. And with your room paid through a third party, I can not adjust your rate. But, if you stay over tonight and pay with me, I'll give the room for $69.95 ($15 off the current room rent)"

Well, that isn't good enough for them, because they use some weird referral system that pays out in room discounts, so they were getting the room for like $62.

So, they go off and decide to use that system to get the room again, asking for a little extra time to complete it. I tell them that I can give until 11:30, half an hour past checkout.

About 11:20 he comes back in and says that he forgot some paperwork in the room, and he'll need to get it to pay. At 11:45 he tells me that he needs until 12:30.

At 12:15, his wife/girlfriend/drug-addicted-crack-ho comes out, saying they need until 1... at this point, I tell her flat out, "we can not keep waiting like this. You need to take care of this right away."

"Okay, I know... But your Internet wasn't working right and you just need to give us more time! Oh, and can I get some fresh towels."

I reiterate that housekeeping is waiting on her to pay for the room, and that we will not provide housekeeping in any form until it is done.

1 PM rolls around... still no payment. I call her this time, and she tells me she needs another 15 minutes... That she is putting in the information right then, and it will be showing up on the computer any minute.

No such luck.

1:10 - I call her back, and she says that it is *literally* being processed and it will only be another 6 minutes.

Now, at this point, I'm tired of the excuses. I told her flat out that we need this done *now*, and if it doesn't happen, I'll be contacting the police to evict her.

Wouldn't you know it... nothing happens.

So, I call the police (non emergency) and have them send a uni. While waiting for that, the guest comes out "trying to get the room taken care of". Even though she already told me that it was being processed. Cops drive up, and she goes back to the room.

They talk a few minutes, and she gets them to admit that if I can be convinced to accept payment, she can stay, so she comes back to the desk.

I stick to my guns, but there is one factor I can't control.

My boss decided to walk out from the back. I kept him out of this for a reason. He has a pathological fear of confrontation with guests, and if you talk to him, you'll probably get your way. And sure enough... the guest waves cash at his face, even though it's 2 PM and the police are here to remove her, and he says just let her stay.

Every god damned time. Bring in a pet? He'll break his own posted rules to let you stay. Smoke in a nonsmoking room? Don't worry about it.

He's so interested in the online reviews that he would probably let someone rent a room with money that was stolen from him.

TL;dr guest refuses to pay until police are actually there to evict her 3 hours late, boss lets her stay anyway.  














 How many of you are interested in *legitimate* shops utilizing this system?

I sell toys, games, and other licensed merchandise. Would it be helpful or harmful for me to run on Open Bazaar?  














 We had an official celebrity stay with us.

Simon Wright from AC/DC was playing at a local sports bar with his current band, Hellion.

I didn't feel right posting anything while he was in house.

Really cool guy. We joked a round just a little, didn't have a problem showing his ID or anything.

Unfortunately, I didn't get off work in time to see the show. 









 Mostly children were buying, as is expected. He sold a handful of Mystery Minis, a bunch of Yu-gi-oh 10-4s and a pair of plush dolls.

Luna is officially sold out now.

The three girls who came in the finals on the costume contest were quite excited by the Mystery Mini they each received and showed them off to me afterward. (They got Pinkie Pie, DOMO Riddler, and Batgirl).

I plan on going to the next one, which will be in March.

If you are in the area, stop by and see the Maidens (and me, come see me.) 









 Website is still screwing the pooch, but I am able to invoice using a new software.

Send an email with your order and your information to admin@betonwhite.com

This system will also be used for any partial - paid preorders and layaways, which are not able to be made on the site. 
























 A passing mention by a car service (that happens to run prostitutes), listed Bitcoin as a payment method. Not explained or questioned, just a passing mention, as if it were a foreign currency. 




 Getting to Level 70 should be a cinch now. Only ~~1.5%~~ 1.7% of all PS4 players have reached that feat.

I just wanted to tell someone, since everyone is asleep. Carry on. 









 But, it it normal to have maintenance fees that are equal to 70% of your BTC mining?

Second major question, if I get referrals, I get 3% of their GHS, but are the fees assessed the same way? 




 It will be a corruption of Arnim Zola.

Zola feared death more than anything else, and so he put himself into the computer banks at New Jersey (insert joke about NJ being worse than death here). We can assume that he would have had a backup within SHIELD's databases.

When Natalya released the HYDRA/SHIELD files onto the internet, that purge included the backed up Arnim Zola.

Enter the enterprising young scientist, Henry Pym, who uses the Zola "program" as a basis for ULTRON, who in turn becomes the very thing Red Skull wanted in the first place.

Cut off one head, two more shall take its place. 









 We were talking about money (he is an Indian student working here while in college) and the conversation naturally ended up on bitcoin.

When I told him about the less than $1 transaction fee worldwide, he was convinced. 

He's getting a coinbase and cex.io account set up, and once he does, I'll send over a GHS for him to start earning.   




 Why is it, when we live in a post-9/11 society, where people are worried about security, where you can't get on a plane of your credit card doesn't match your ID, would you get your credit card to have a nickname on it?

The one I saw wasn't even an imaginative nickname. It was "Sal Salinas".

Basically anyone with the last name Salinas could walk up, and use this guy's card, just by saying "Yeah, I go by 'Sal'".

It would be like me getting a card that read "Kinyutaka", then wondering why I get challenged on it. 



















 Local customer comes in, gets the room for the night, causes no real problem until the morning.

11 o'clock rolls around, and they haven't left yet. Housekeeping asks them if they are staying, and to call me at the front desk to take care of it.

They don't. I call them, and they feed me the usual lie "we overslept and we'll come down to pay right away".

They don't. They never come down. We call again, and go up to find that they simply took their time to leave and didn't bother saying anything after they told me they were going to stay.

What's worse is the pile of dog shit sitting in the corner of the room for us to clean up.

We are not a pet friendly hotel. It is on the signs, it is on the registration, and we tell it to the guest's face when they are signing.

I wish I could plaster these people's names all over the place, so everyone knows what kind of people they are... 




 Idea comes from a post on /r/ravenclaw (on mobile, so I can not link) 









 ... and she felt there was something a bit off. She couldn't even explain to me what she didn't like about the episode.

[Lamebrained theory](#s "My thought was that feeling of unease was intentional by the directors, mimicking the Doctor's faulty regeneration and memory issues. Case in point, the scene at the end, where the robot may have jumped or the Doctor may have thrown him. Even *he* doesn't know what actually happened.")

I think the visual direction of the show is meant to mimic the personalities of the Doctor.

(Pardon the music video here) [The Ninth Doctor - Running Away](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flH-uPX3zfk)

[The Tenth Doctor - The Lone Wanderer](http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lek0lvl8ud1qb84lwo1_500.gif)

[The Eleventh Doctor - The Epic Hero](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ecycHAZtaM)

[The Twelvth Doctor](#s "The Swiss Cheese Brain") (No video yet)

What do you think? 









 I have the whole script, and just need to get the images and sound files to complete the program.

Too bad I'll probably never be able to make a real release, as it would be quashed by Hasbro. 









 Only 2000 will be made. I have ordered a few for my store.

Snap them up quick.  



















 But is it just because of the Square-Enix sale? 
























 I would like to use small videos for my store to give a simple demonstration of the cards in use, but I do not want a boring demo with two people playing the game.

If anyone can make a short, less than 1 minute scene with Jace directing his Tidal Warrior (or other blue creature less than 3/3) to attack Chandra, who blocks it with a Cinder Wall, and you would be willing to work on other short videos for the same purpose, please contact me.

Videos will be uploaded onto a YouTube channel and linked to my website at www.betonwhite.com, with links to your personal website or YouTube channel.

Edit: I forgot to spell out that I do intend to pay for the work performed, but would like to speak with the artist that volunteers for this chance before negotiating a price. 









 We have a swim meet this weekend here in town, and of course that means that a number of teams are staying at the hotel. 

They *all* want to leave their stuff in the rooms, go to the meet in the morning, come back around 2, shower and get their stuff, and leave around 3 PM.

Naturally, with our checkout time at 11AM, I had to deny their requests.

At least one team just decided they were going to take it anyway. I might have to just charge them for tonight, a couple more want to complain to my boss, which won't do much good, though they will probably lie on me and say that I was incredibly rude (the standard when someone is told "no"), which my boss will believe and I'll get in trouble. 

But if I just let half a dozen rooms leave whenever they want, I'll get in trouble for that. 









 Forgive me if I mention one that was there that I didn't notice.

Anomaly Warzone - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Back to the Future - 90 day only, $3.99/Episode

Baseball Stars 2 - 90 day only, $8.99

Big Sky Infinity - previously free, $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Bionic Commando: Rearmed - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger - $2.99/$4.99/$6.99/$11.99

Capcom Arcade: All-in-One - $3.99/$6.99/$11.99/$22.99

Choplifter HD - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Crazi Taxi - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Critter Crunch - Free

Deadliest Warrior - Free

Dead or Alive 5 - $2.99/$5.99/$7.99/$14.99

Dead Rising 2 - $2.99/$5.99/$7.99/$14.99

DiRT 3 - $4.99/$14.99/$19.99/$26.99 (They can't be serious about this one)

Dragon's Lair - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon - $2.99/$5.99/$7.99/$14.99

Grid 2 - $2.99/$6.99/$11.99/$22.99

Heavy Fire: Shattered Spear - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West - $2.99/$4.99/$6.99/$9.99

Lost Planet 2 - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

Madagascar 3: The Video Game - $2.99/$5.99/$7.99/$14.99

Magician Lord - 90 day only, $8.99

Metal Gear Solid 4 - $3.99/$7.99/$12.99/$14.99

Metal Slug 2 - 90 day only, $8.99

Nascar '14 - $5.99/$8.99/$18.99/$39.99 (Wow...)

Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge w Online Pass - $2.99/$6.99/$11.99/$22.99

Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath HD - $2.99/$4.99/$6.99/$9.99

Order Up!! - previously free, $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

PixelJunk Eden - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99

PixelJunk Shooter - $2.99/$3.99/$5.99/$7.99 (Why, when we have the game for PS4 for free?)

Port Royale 3: Gold Edition - Free

Red Faction: Armageddon - $2.99/$5.99/$7.99/$14.99

Sam   Max: The Devil's Playhouse - 90 day only, $3.99/Episode

Did I miss one? Or get one wrong? I'll fix it if it is pointed out. 




 ... Then calls my boss two days later to say I threatened him in front of his family.

Naturally, my boss, who has known me for years, believes every word this guy has said and threatens to fire me.

I think it is time to find something new.  




 The grand prize? $1,000,000. Or is it?

Out of the entire promotion, 2 people (1 US, 1 Canadian) will get to draw a single number from 1-50, and if they get the right number, they win $1,000,000.

If they don't, they only get $10,000 each.

The promotional materials probably cost more than the prizes they are going to give out.

At least a car dealership gives a booby prize to everyone that enters.  














 I'm up to date on getting all previous Milestones issued (my time has been hard on me still), and I have noticed that we have now exactly 59 orders, meaning the next completed order (canceled ones don't count, even if the computer does) will be the recipient of the 6th Customer Milestone, $1 for any order under $50,  or 2% of the total if above. 




 He says he's the "ex-King of Cypress", black, young, blonde mohawk. He's rambling on and on about how he came down here from Houston to rescue a girl.

While here, he has had multiple tickets, his license suspended, and his car impounded.

All this sounds like a sob story by a homeless guy to stay in the lobby, right?

Another guest comes in while he's there, asks about rates, etc, and when she leaves, he pops up with a rifle scope in his hands, saying "she wouldn't even know what hit her" and starts talking about his skills at killing people.

I'm wondering if I should put a tip into Mental Health once we have him in a room. 




 It's by no means a complete set, and I think I got rid of most of the Energy cards, but does anyone still have, play or want these?

I'll try to post pictures later on, if anyone wants. 




 The following List is the price of buying the game on the PSN store on PS3 (if available) and the cost of a 90-day rental.

Adventure Time:ETDBIDW - $39.99 PSN - $29.99 Now 
[](/sp)Ben 10 Omniverse - $19.99 PSN - $29.99 Now
[](/sp)BlazBlue Calamaty Trigger - $9.99 PSN (PSP) - $11.99 Now
[](/sp)Chime Super Deluxe - $9.99 PSN - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Crazy Taxi - $9.99 PSN - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Deus Ex Human Revolution - $19.99 PSN - $29.99 Now
[](/sp)Farming Simulator - $29.99 PS3 - $24.99 Now
[](/sp)Final Fantasy XIII-2 - $19.99 PS3 - $29.99 Now
[](/sp)Guacamelee - $14.99 PS3 - $14.99 Now
[](/sp)Kane and Lynch 2 - $19.99 PS3 - $24.99 Now
[](/sp)Knytt - $9.99 PS3 - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Lumines Supernova - $9.99 PS3 - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Mega Man 9 - $9.99 PS3 - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 - $19.99 PS3 - $14.99 Now
[](/sp)Saints Row 3 Full Package - $39.99 PS3 - $29.99 Now (interesting point, no 7 or 30 day options.)
[](/sp)Sky Fighter - $9.99 PS3 - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Sonic CD - $4.99 PS3 - $4.99 Now (No 4hr, 7 or 30 day option)
[](/sp)Stick it to the Man - $12.99 PS3 - $9.99 Now
[](/sp)Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo HD - $9.99 PS3 - $7.99 Now
[](/sp)Swarm - $4.99 PS3 - $4.99 Now (No 4hr option)
[](/sp)Alien Spidy - $9.99 PS3 - Free Now (Multiple options, means price hasn't been chosen yet)
[](/sp)Big Sky Infinity - $9.99 PS3 - Free Now (Multiple Options)
[](/sp)Jimmie Johnson's Anything with an Engine - $9.99 PS3 - Free Now (Multiple Options)
[](/sp)Mercury Hg - $4.99 PS3 - $4.99 Now (No 4hr)
[](/sp)Space Ace - $9.99 PS3 - Free Now (Multiple Options)
[](/sp)Order Up!! - $9.99 PS3 - Free Now (Multiple Options)

For the Rental Service, I am assuming that any game offering Free rental for multiple time options simply hasn't decided on a price yet.

Games not available on PSN are not listed, as there is no comparison. 




 What exactly is the "Channel" games section?

Is that going to house games that we've purchased previously? Or are otherwise available with a monthly rental option?

I'll be honest, I'm not exactly stoked to have to pay $15 to play Final Fantasy XIII again, when I own it for the PS3. I hope they would link PS Now to the SEN servers and let us play any digital downloads for free, as well as let us use the PS Now service to play games we have the disc for. 




 Lady came in with an Expedia reservation. I ask for her ID and credit card and she gives me the usual "They've already charged it." speech.

I remind her that we just need a valid card in case of incidental charges, and she asks if I'm going to run her card. Now, I don't normally run the cards, but 9 times out of 10 when they ask me that, they are giving me a bad one. So, I reiterate that the card just needs to be valid (basically, she just has to tell me it is, because we don't have a way of checking without charging).

So, she gets angry with me, and we finish the check-in, finally. I point out her room on the map, point out where she can park, direct her to the stairwell, and she leaves kind of hurried.

My manager, who was in the lobby to supervise the painters, asks me to go up to check on a room that had a problem reported, and as I am coming down the stairs, I end up meeting the family I just checked in.

 Where's the room, Mom?

 I don't know, that asshole didn't tell me.

She sees me up the stairs, looking at her.

 Yeah, I called you an asshole!

I say nothing and finish walking down the stairs, and I see them starting to pass the stairs to go into the first floor hallway. I step back closer to the wall and point up the stairs,

 Your room is up this way, ma'am.

 It's upstairs? Don't you have an elevator?

 No, I'm sorry.

She rushes past me, moving up the stairs with her 7 and 12 year old children.

 Stupid asshole...

 Ma'am, if you are not happy here, you can stay somewhere else...

I turned my back to her.

 And that's great parenting, by the way. 




 and tttles. let's ban tttles, too.  









 My site is www.betonwhite.com

Ask me about the different card games, toys, or memorabilia, or just ask if I can get something else.

Or just ask about my day job, that's cool, too. 












































 The mattresses, the nightstand, the microwave, the couch. They left the TVs only because they were bolted down.

I called the police and they tried to force me into a telephone report, instead of sending an officer as I requested.

Edit with updates - We found which guest had done this, they were checked into the room right next to the original crime scene.

After coaxing the police to come in, they said that they wouldn't be able to process the room for fingerprints or other evidence. They gave their case numbers and went to the car to file the report. 

Housekeeping calls me almost immediately to let me know that the neighboring room was having trouble with the lock, and that they had seen guests climbing in and out through the window. I open the door and find the room in worse shape than the first.

The light fixtures had been torn from the bathroom, the bed was simply gone, the television was on the ground and the dresser it had been bolted to was missing, the couch and recliners were gone, the second bed was wrecked, and naturally they took the mini fridge and microwave.

So I got the attention of the cop again, and now we have a crime scene tech going over the rooms. 




 This is a warning for customers and businesses. I apologize if this isn't the best location for this.

Apparently, scam artists have found a way to tap into 800 numbers while they are queuing for an operator. When the call is redirected, a foreign operator will apologize for the long hold time and offer a gift card or other compensation, and ask for a credit card for processing fees.

Obviously, you should never give out credit card information for unsolicited items, nor should you ever give credit card information in order to get money from a company.

If you fall prey to this scam, make sure you advise the company that there may be unknown recurring charges, and treat your credit/debit card as stolen. 









 And what is your stance on buying cards from out of state?  




 I work at a sunny motel, all but managing the breakfast area in addition to front desk, and recently Corporate made the unilateral decision to change all of the breakfast items to be "healthy".

They took out a lot of the sweet items, like danishes, and replaced them with better choices, like cinnamon raisin bread.

The problem was, our location had previously had the best breakfast we could manage for our class of hotel.

The changes meant that instead of hand-cooked scrambled eggs and sausage, we had to make precooked omelets with 'cheese'. Our breads were almost all replaced by the cinnamon bread. We had to stop giving out oatmeal in the instant packets, and had to cook oatmeal in a kettle daily.

Needless to say, our guests are not happy. The omelets taste horrible and take forever to heat up. The oatmeal takes an hour to be ready to eat. We have a much lower variety of food, thanks to getting rid of most of our breads.

I was planning on calling to the GM hotline to give them a piece of my mind...

When the breakfast director called me, asking how the new breakfast was working out. And I told her the truth. It stinks.

We at the hotel hate it, because of the time it takes to prepare. The guests hate it because they were used to a wider variety from us.

I told her that we need a waiver to allow us to go back to the sausage and eggs and to put out the instant oatmeal again.

I also told her that we need to be given discretion on extra items, not on the list.

Even though I was polite and conversational, she still meekly stated that she will talk to someone higher up to make the changes I suggested.  

I think we're going to have our good breakfast back. 









 I already have the My Little Pony CCG on my website, and now I can start selling toys figures and other collectibles from the show, and other related properties on the site.

I'll start adding items one at a time, first update will be tonight.

I'll let you decide on what to add first.

The ever popular Blind Bag figures, Travel Mugs, or the Derpy Tin-Tastic pencil set. 

Leave comments below, I take all sorts of suggestions. 

Edit: Feel free to still give suggestions, but I am choosing to start with the Blind Bag figures. I have an order of 48 on the way, and you can start buying yours now.

http://www.betonwhite.com/category-s/1952.htm 




 Because, I'm at 233% light speed right now. 


































 And I'm not even mad about it. 









 I don't know if this will happen, but this would be the best end that I can think of. The show has been signed for another three years, and this will assume it ends at that timeframe.

Over the course of the show, Penny has shown herself to be more and more interested in nerd culture and science thanks to Leonard and the gang. During the next two seasons, this interest can blossom into a full passion, leading to the second year finale, where she asks Leonard and Sheldon to help her start a show to make science more interesting to normal children, like Bill Nye or Professor Proton.

The third, and final, season of the show has her working with everyone to make the show-within-a-show, with her as the host and relating scientific concepts in a friendly manner, scripted by Bernadette and Raj.

The penultimate episode ends with Penny getting a call from Dr. Gablehauser, offering her an honorary doctorate for her work. In the last episode, Howard acts all steamed for a bit before getting over the fact that Penny gets to be called Doctor before he does. This also serves as a way of finally revealing her last name, which was carefully guarded over the series run. 
























 I am operating an online card shop and had a package of cards sent to me by my supplier at the hotel I work (the shop is relatively new).

Fedex lost my package, saying they dropped it off at someone's house, but they don't know where.

I anyone got a package for "Bet on White" during the day Wednesday, please contact me here so I can pick it up. 




 Much shorter than my last rants.

Indian student comes into the lobby, asks if we are hiring and who the manager is. I offered my Indian boss's pseudonym "Bill" and proceed to hand him an application, like I do for any other person looking for a job.

 Do I have to fill out the application? I want a job under the table.

I look to him with a straight face, then to the line of customers behind him, and tell him that he does, and that it is illegal to be paid under the table for work. (I don't normally go that far, but I didn't want the guests to have the impression that we hire like that, even though my stupid boss does)

He persists for a minute, and ultimately leaves without filling out the application at all.

Guest walks up to the counter with a laugh, and I tell him the funniest part. If Bill wanted to hire him under the table after he filled out an application,  he could simply throw it away afterwards.  














 It's Spring Break here, in a coastal town, to give you the background on this reservation.

Semi - regular guest comes in at 8, 9 in the morning and asks for a room right away. I explain to him that the room is not ready yet, as we had a full house, but I get him reserved for the night so he doesn't have to worry. 

He calls over and over again throughout the morning, asking for the room to be ready, parking in the back and bugging the different housekeepers, and generally being impatient. I tell him specifically not to bother housekeeping while he is waiting for his room.

2 o'clock rolls around, and he comes up to the desk again. I tell him that they haven't let me know yet, and that if I didn't know by the time my relief arrived at 3, I would find out for him.

He says okay, and walks off toward the back, then goes to one of the housekeepers and convinces him to let them into a room (that wasn't even the room assigned to him), saying that I told him it was okay.

I wouldn't even have known about it if the housekeeper hadn't thought to tell me after. I told them to leave. Period. We are busy enough that we will rerent the room, no problem. 

Turns out the housekeepers know that he was dealing drugs from the room during previous stays.  




 Simple story, constantly repeated in any hotel setting.

Guest makes their reservation through ThatOneInternetSiteWeKnow.com (fake name if that is actually a domain out there) and gets the room to arrive on Friday. She calls me afterwards to make sure everything is good.

Friday comes around and she calls back, saying that she will be coming later than expected. Again, no big deal. I note that she will arrive late.

By the night audit, she still hadn't shown up, but I left the note, so the NA checked the room in.

Guest arrives at 3PM, Saturday, and asks for her reservation. The poor Indian student (I was off) at the desk is temporarily confused by the missing reservation, as it was no longer reserved. It was In House.

Guest calls TOISWK, who calls the desk and assists him in finding the room. Problem solved, right? 

Wrong. 

She comes in this morning,  Monday, to make sure she was credited for the stay Friday night, saying that the person who had trouble finding her room told her she'd be refunded.

So, I told her calmly, carefully, that we can not credit her back for any reason on a third-party booking, as we did not charge her. I also explained to her that despite any difficulty in finding the reservation, it was in the computer the whole night and that the room was not rerented in any way. But i told her that if she wishes to dispute the charges, she must do so with TOISWK. 

She calls them, who calls me asking to refund, and I reiterate that we will not refund. The room was in house on Friday and was held for her to check in at any time. We also would have had to turn guests away, as it is Spring Break (not that you can tell from the weather).

Guest comes back to the lobby, TOISWK on the phone in her ear, and demands that I grant permission.

Now, at this point, I am stonewalling. I apologized for any mistakes or misinformation that may have been given, but I would not give in and remove the night's charge. I also refused to call the manager out from the more important things he was doing, as I know he doesn't like dealing with people. 

After the guest leaves in a huff to call corporate to try and get a refund, I bring the information to the manager so he knows what is going on.

Lo and behold, he was *there* when the FD looked for the reservation and he most definitely did not offer any sort of credit or refund. He told me that if she came back, he would talk to her, but she simply left the building. 

TL;dr Entitled self - important guest thinks she can dictate our refund policies. 









 My supplier is currently out of stock on Magica Madoka. As such, we are currently suspending backorders for single cards until reprint.

For those who have backordered cards (primarily Sayaka Miki) I will get in contact with you in short time to either amend or refund your orders. 

I am sorry for any inconvenience in this matter, but rest assured that I will continue to provide the best service possible.  









 Hey, every pony, I've started a website devoted to selling single trading cards and collectible card games, and wanted you to know that shortly we will be adding some of the MLP card sleeves for sale. We'll be getting Trixie and DJ Pon3 to start.

I am also looking into a distributor for the Enterplay trading card series and the MLP CCG. I'll send more word when they are available.

Edit - I am getting a hoof full of 1 and 2 player starter boxes from my distributors. I'll set up pre orders for them shortly, so I can start shipping out as soon as they arrive. 

  Check out my [Facebook page](https://facebook.com/profile.php?id=1468747983347018) for up to date information. 




 www.betonwhite.com

I am currently focusing on Wei Schwarz, a card game growing in popularity here in the states and very big in Japan, and will be branching into Magic: the Gathering, Pokemon, Yu-gi-oh, and others in time.

Bitcoin payments are performed manually. You put in the order and email, and I will contact you with payment address and amount. 
























 Don't stop. 




 Project Diva available singles include images up to E040 (Hatsune Miku "Pansy"), an additional 60 singles in the system without images.

In-stock, but not in the system are Sword Art Online and Fate/Zero singles, with Madoka arriving Monday.

I should be completed entering them in by the end of the month, but if there are any requests for cards *not* in the system, leave a message here and I will put it High Priority for addition. 














 From the Heart of the Cards Merchant Acceptance Letter,

 Marketing Requirements

 WeiB Schwarz is to be written with either a capital B or the german
character equivalent. Note that "Weiss", while a popular transliteration,
is incorrect, and should not have top billing. ("WeiB Schwarz / Weiss
Schwarz" is okay, simply "Weiss Schwarz" is not). This is a high-priority request from Bushiroad themselves. 




 Lady comes into the office, kids in tow, her husband starts making a baby bottle on my counter, and she interrupts my interaction with the person in front of her.

I make her wait the half a minute it takes to tell my guest where to go, and get her information and she decides to take a room. So far, so good, though she told me that she was going to be the only adult, when I see her husband right there. The kids aren't old enough, so it doesn't change the rate anyway.

She pulls out an absolutely mangled ID. It's been cut into pieces and taped back together, with the ID number, name, and photo on three different pieces. Huge red flags in my head already, with her trying to rush me and then the questionable ID. And then I see my out.

The piece that has the ID number also has an expiration date of two weeks ago. I told her I couldn't rent to her with an invalid ID.

Edit: Part 2!

She comes back in, her children in tow, and brings along someone else with a valid ID. We start getting her signed in and I ask for payment, and get the response, "Oh! She didn't pay you yet?"

Nope. She didn't. I give them the price and they make a huge deal getting out the money, hand me the money, then change their mind about staying.

I didn't even have to be an asshole that time,  and they left. 

My guess is that they were hoping I'd have forgotten about the fact that I didn't charge them for not taking the room.  





























 PSWii60, though I didn't get the 360 until really late. 




 Put me down for "Sony Fanboy"...

I had/have a PlayStation, PS1, PS2, PS3, PSP, Vita, and PS4.

Plus a VAIO laptop and the Playstation 3D display. 




 Nope. There is a frame  or two of the blade touching the skin of her belly, which is enough to fix in the idea that you saw the knife penetrate the body. It never did on camera.

Hitchcock was a fucking master of cinematography. 




  Could I get in trouble for that?

Little bit, probably. 




 There is Direct Deposit, but a lot of bosses hate using it for some stupid reason. 




 I never saw it, but people remember things wrong sometimes. 

Many people swear they saw the girl get stabbed in Psycho, even though Hitchcock never showed the penetration of the knife.

I'm not saying this is the case here, but they *might* have remembered a referenced action without having seen it. 




 I see $918 total, and that tells me that pirates probably wouldn't even bother uploading it. 




 Well, Cash is still King, but checks between trusted parties are not a bad thing.

But, if you *don't* have a relationship, you don't take a check. 




 It is becoming less and less necessary, but many businesses here still prefer to use paper checks. 




 You can get to work on making that mod, for it says in the good book...

OP will surely deliver. 




 Meant you.

I assumed that you meant to use cocaine or weed to get out of your money troubles. Because snorting cocaine will not help that at all. 




 While you are clearly joking, it may be the right movie.

There is a scene where Doc has to deliver a baby (which would qualify as doing stuff to the vagina). 




 In regard to the real world, we have a number of competing companies, including CPL and TXU. And they do advertise. 




 I got the joke, but there were so many people ducking the pope's dick, it was like they forgot that he can't run.  




 Thankfully, it is mostly political idiots that claim global warming will cause any sort of short term flooding situation...

But it should be noted that according the the US Geological Survey, we are in an expected period of warming, which in previous Epochs have caused sea levels to rise up to 20 meters beyond the current levels. Soon, in that context could be 1000 years.

Would a 20 meter rise in sea level be devestating to a low-lying city, like New Orleans? Yes. Beyond yes.

Can we do anything about it? No. We can only move away from the shores.

It is mostly alarmists that make specific claims about short term effects of global warming. But that warming is happening, with or without us. When the glaciers have finally melted, then the Earth starts to bounce back and cool off again, and in about 20,000 years or so, our descendants (should they still be around) will be complaining how their technologies are causing more and more ice to form. 




 Easy there, Satan. 




 Bot dropped the ball...

Exegesis (/ksdiss/; from the Greek  from  'to lead out') is a critical explanation or interpretation of a text, particularly a religious text. 




 I think being anti-abortion is much more reasonable than being anti-gay.

Gay people don't *usually* kill babies. ("Usually", because someone will prove me wrong if I make that an absolute statement).

But abortion *usually* kills unborn children, with the only real question is when it is considered a child. 




 I'm sorry, but the scientists that claim stupid shit like "we are going to be flooded by melting ice caps within 20 years" lose all credibility as scientists.

The climate change issue is political. The people calling for climate change reform are the ones making it political.

Seriously, you want to get the rank and file republicans to take "green initiatives"? Stop fucking calling at a green initiative! Talk about how much money can be saved if X technology is used over Y. Talk about how renewable energies can be harnessed. Talk about how the fossil fuels will run out, and we'll have to come up with something for *that* reason.

Leave the craziness at home. 




 And doing the exact opposite. 




 I'm surprised no one mentioned that fact that Francis can never be the VP. 




 Because it is a good question.

In this case, if the killings were racially motivated (as it seems they are), then he killed the kids because he hates blacks. Old or young, it doesn't matter.

If there is a different motivation, then there could be any number of reasons why he would attack children.

The scary part about all this is that he attacked a church.

I'm not religious, but when people go to church, they expect to be safe. Even when the sex scandals were at their peak, parents felt save with their children there. It is a sanctuary, in much more than the religious sense. People like this violate that basic security. 




 They should use that with any check size and catch people that try to avoid the system. 




 Do not send the money.

Leave the money in your account and contact the FBI for further investigation. Tell them that you stupidly cashed a cashiers check and they want you to send the money elsewhere.

Have no further contact with the scammer. 




 I think he meant selling it, not smoking it. 




 My friend, I feel you completely. I'm much in the same boat.

Going over to fast food and retail is a pay raise, and the bosses here refuse to understand that. 




 I don't know why, but I like heroes that shift around their powers. They are simultaneously able to handle anything, yet still end up with vulnerability. 




 No, not a joke.

Clickbait.

We all were hoping to see the Dark Knight in place of Cloud's figure. 




 That's what kills me... ^^^^a ^^^^knife ^^^^to ^^^^the ^^^^chest...

Civil disobedience is where you break the law to protest the law.

You can and will be arrested for an act of civil disobedience, the difference will be how the public, jury, and media will see it.

Woman walks around without a top? She'll be given at best a fine, and we'll all talk about letting women go topless.

Black people sit at a restaurant counter where the owner only serves whites? They're heroes (but will still probably be in jail for it).

Kill a man because you think it's your right to kill a man? You'll probably be committed to an institute for the Criminally Insane. 




 I imagine a lot of deck swabbing. 




 No one anymore, thanks to the razor blade scare.

They used to give out candied apples, popcorn balls, or other handmade candies.

The scare was probably encouraged by the Mars company.  




 That is an interesting formation.

Pulling other ants to help pull the load implies a basic understanding of tool use. (If I want to help pull on this object, I can pull on something attached to it, instead of pulling on the object itself.) 




 My vote is for having some fun on camera...

... as a magician's assistant. 




 That's racist. 




 Yeah, they definitely made Bon-Bon, er... Sweetie Drops seem to be in that kind of a relationship with Lyra. 




 Just where are you going to get a *whole* bitcoin?  




 How do you not know these things before you have sex with her? 




 Actually... gravity is a force. What we think of as the rules which govern how gravity is exerted is a theory.

Evolution is a fact. The understanding of how evolution occurs and the path it took to reach mankind is a theory.

A theory is not a guess. It is an educated framework that may or may not include guesses. 




 To give actual information on the bus system...

The buses here run between 30 and 60 minutes between buses during the week, covering the vast majority of the city with 1-2 transfers.

Bus routes run from 6ish to 9ish, with some outliers.

Sunday, you may as well take a cab. Half of the routes don't run, and many run as far as 90 minutes apart.

Seriously, as someone who doesn't drive, if you can drive - do it.

As for the issue of the livability in the city, rent will be a minimum of $525 for most places, upwards of $1000 or more in others. If you make anywhere near minimum wage ($10.00/hr or less), you will need a roommate or second earner. 




 Uber is here, man. 




 This is true. And the sheer number of accidents that occur due to one fault or another is proof of that.

Computer errors and glitches, brake failures... I even heard of some cars accelerating on their own.

The point is that no matter what we do to remove humans from the driving equation, human error will still play one of the biggest parts in fatal crashes. 




 I'm sure things will go just fine. The last thing she needs is worry. 




 No, it's a valid question if you don't know much about the precedure. Don't feel bad. 




 As long as the dental surgeon and anesthesiologist did everything properly, and the anesthetic was not defective, there is no liability for the death.

It's just a freak occurance, and would be covered by life insurance as an accident. 




 The good news is that the condition this poor girl was stricken with is relatively rare. There is little need to worry.

One thing we can do to prevent this is to only get wisdom teeth extractions if it is medically necessary.  




 According to the article, she in fact had complications from the anesthesia, which activated an undiagnosed heart condition and caused a stroke - like event.

She died a week later. 




 Infection or complications from anesthesia.  




 The previous versions of MicroSD cards, that is Floppy disks and SD cards, tended to have Read Only switches. 




 I will say this. The best thing to come out thanks to belief in Adam and Eve is the Mormon Church's genealogical studies.  




 Well, part of the thing is that the Pope is still human.

He may be the chosen representative of God to them, but that doesn't mean every opinion comes directly from Him.

The Pope never said "God said that Global Warming was real." He said "Global Warming is real."

And there is a difference, especially to a believer. But even as a nonbeliever, one is an official declaration, and one is a personal opinion. 




 That's just how I was always told about it.

Apparently, it's a rule of thumb, born of the interpretation that one should stop at the sign or light before executing the turn
 




 You are supposed to stop for at least a 3 count. 




 Honestly, self-driving cars will not give a shit about their passengers.

These aren't complex intelligences. They will consider only what they are programmed to consider. 




 The biggest issue with self-driving cars will still be human error.

Manual override can be misused, if it is available (and it surely would be). Kids can do stupid things like vandalize sensors or toss objects out on the highway. Users can neglect upgrades because they think they don't need it, or worse out of paranoid fears. Programmers mess up a single character while programming, leading to malfunction... 




 I was going to guess Jon Voight. 




 In regard to the Natural Selection aspect, to put it simply, men and women have roughly an equal chance of surviving to the point of birthing a child, coupled by the fact that the nature of gender genetics gives a 50% chance of having a male child.

To make that mythical 100-1 ratio, there would need to be extra genes that suppress the Y chromosome, and make men into women. 




 No, even little shits like this don't need killing. 




 But his shirt says he's a thug.


not /s 




 The scary part of it is the fact that Eugenics was advocated heavily in the United States (It's actually where Hitler got the idea), and that the only reason we didn't gas people is that no one had that right combination of desire and ability to do so. 




 If you don't mind defecting, you should do at least one with "Intel Inside" 




 Into what opiates they are prescribing, and to whom they are being prescribed.* 




 I can't imagine how hard it is to replace a custom guitar on short notice.

Plus, insurance might cover the replacement of the original, but might not pay for the one used temporarily.

If these guys were bigger, they could easily sell off the "loaner", maybe even for more than they paid for it, but that's still a lot of money to hold in limbo.

I only wish I could do something to help, even if it is just loaning my Bullet out for the "cost" of an autograph and maybe a restringing (if they needed to).

If they post for help in Austin-centric boards, they might get similar offers to help.

Edit - Note, while I am serious about lending my guitar, I'm in Corpus,  not Austin. 




 You have a point there.

For that price, I am assuming it is a limited edition, which will keep it from being too many people. 




 Why do collectors want it?

Because it is unique.

If you want something one-of-a-kind that is show accurate, I can sell you my art piece. 




 Regarding the Big 3, I would put it this way.

Rule 1: Show, don't tell, but have your characters see, not say.

Dialogue is great for showing a character's emotion, but poor for world-building. Don't have the characters talk about how bleak the landscape is, show them in the remainder of the paragraphs. (Example: Lord of the Rings)

Rule 2: If you can not write about what you know, then know about what you write.

You probably don't know what it feels like to fling fireballs at a rampaging werewolf, because it can't happen. So, you have to think about and understand the effects in the context of your own world. If you can understand how it works in your world, you can explain it to others. (Example: Eragon)

Rule 3: Always have a sympathetic character for the reader to relate to, even if they don't like him very much.

Your main character, or someone in his entourage, must be someone the reader can sink into. They can be the most horrible person in the universe, but the reader will need to understand, at some point, the motivations of the character. The Why of his evil. If you can not show that from the perspective of the main character, shift the perspective to his Companion. (Examples: Doctor Who/Sherlock Holmes) 




 I absolutely love their Peanut Butter Sundaes. 




 No, from [Stan Smith](http://www.hulu.com/watch/16820) 




 http://www.hulu.com/watch/16820 




 It probably depends on how big the standard page is...

But if the 300 page novel is no good, people are far more likely to stop reading. 




 It is also able to be used as a noun. And a verb, if you try hard enough.

English is fucked up. 




 Honestly, I'm not familiar with the levels of payout on Amazon, like many of my interests, I'm more of a hobbyist than an expert, and think of myself as a better editor than author.

But, I think it still boils down to the number of readers being the most important factor.

Based on my reading of the new policy, if one person reads 1 page, you'll get 1 share of the earnings from the monthly fund, no matter what. 




 In general, yes.

But if one were to write 20 page long short stories, most people that start it will finish it, regardless of quality. 1,000,000 people means 20,000,000 pages read per story.

If he writes 10 short stories in the time it takes a novelist to write 300 pages, and 1,000,000 people download each of them, the short story author gets 200,000,000 shares, and the novelist might get 300,000,000 if he did well enough that every finished the book. 




 Ultimately it's not based on how big your book is, but how many individual pages are read.

So, if you write a 10,000 page series that is downloaded 1,000,000 times, but people universally get sick of reading it after 10 pages (like if it became a viral sensation for how horrible it is), you get paid for 10,000,000 pages.

If you write a 200 page novel that is read in its entirety by 500,000 people, you get paid for 100,000,000 pages. 




 It may have been even more innocent.

Guy supposes that the deaths are caused by drinking from certain wells, I don't believe it, but let's check it out anyway. 




 Assuming they even *have* the gold in the first place. 




 Aw... seems to be no love for Eobard. 




 Ultimately, they could have still appropriated it for the Emerald fight, because it is just used as a Game Flag, anyway. 




 Booster (unknown intended effect) and Law (Coin Toss and Throw on one Materia) are the two big ones.

Underwater Breath is the other big mystery, which was put into the Japanese release before they came up with a use for it with the Emerald Weapon fight. Ironically, the broken Underwater Breath still exists in the game data, and they made a new Underwater Materia for the EW fight. 




 Really it's just a code-word for "we fudged some of this stuff anyway"

For example, black holes don't *actually* have infinite density, they have **indefinite** density.

Basically, once the event horizon exists outside of the physical body, you can no longer measure how small the mass at the center is.

We can calculate the mass based on gravitational effects, which is how we know that one black hole the size of Mars holds approximately 1000 Suns, but it doesn't make a difference if that mass is the diameter of the Moon or a grain of sand. It is all underneath the Event Horizon.

However, because the diameter can not be calculated, equations that need that figure can plug in "infinity" and still work. 




 21 and 24 are 100% amazing.

My favorite bits of the show all revolve around them.

https://youtu.be/StzFZNWeMAY 




 Data points caused by activity not tested for in the experiment.

For example, if one of the children in the study with lower grades was huffing paint, it would be caused but not correlated. 




 The problem that I am seeing is that they tested the hypothesis by taking parents with multiple children and checking their grades against whichever one was called the "smarter" or "dumber" child.

But did they attempt to see what happens if you *pretend* to believe in your child? 




 Ultimately, isn't that all a hoverboard would be? A platform with a means of upward propulsion? 




 Didn't they announce this when they announced the HoloLens? 




 Sorry, dude. She's dead. She'll always be dead.

She has to die in order to utilize the Lifestream to use the Holy Materia. 




 There are improvements to be made...

They can either repair or remove Materia that didn't work in the original US release. They can smooth out the combat and improve the menu. The graphical improvements to the Summons are a given, but they could add a new one or two. 




 Don't do this, man! 




 Flying Mounts FTW 




 At the very least, it will be released eventually on PC. 




 Transgenders are normal healthy people, too. They're just different. 




 Wait.... Chris Pratt in blackface? 




 Not everyone on Tumblr is a Tumblrina. 




 I'm not the one that brought up the default.

But sexuality is not the same as favorite color. Gender identity is not the same as favorite food.

Favorites can change over time.

You don't become gay or transgender. 




 My whole point was that the normal, unqualified, male is the default. It will always be the default. No matter how accepting we are of transgenders. 




 I believe they use Naval and Marines for space because of the use of spaceships.

Spaceships are most like Naval vessels in regard to configuration. 









 Lady comes to the desk, just past the cutoff for when we can start eggs, and asks if I'm going to make sausage and eggs.

Sensibly, I have sausage cooking already, as I saw we were out. I didn't throw in omelets, because there was still some there. So I tell her that sausage is coming, but the eggs would be done for the day.

Lady: oh, and we need toast, too.

Me: Sure, I'll be able to replace the bread stuff.

Lady: There's bagels and all, but no toast.

Me: Okay, I'll get right on it.

I go, fix up the coffee pot that had just finished brewing and check which bread we need... and there is a whole tray of bread! I don't get it, did she expect me to make her her toast?

I point it out to her royal highness, wait a few minutes for the sausage to finish and bring it out. What do I see in the chafing dish? Omelets! There aren't many left, but they weren't out.

I think she was just trying to find reasons to complain, as if it isn't bad enough they have obviously way too many kids for their room. 









 My boss is talking to the inspector from corporate right now, and is seriously angering him before he sees anything by accusing corporate of trying to fail him...

Is he stupid or crazy?  




 I've tried campaigns before, and frankly no one ever bites.

I've tried being serious, earnest, funny, even comically irreverent, and it never picks up.

Basically, what I would need to get is a larger inventory for my store, and possibly a storefront.

I worry with Kickstarter that offering presales of products is against the rules, but everyone does it anyway. They all suggest making a video, but I am terrible at videos.

What can I do to increase my reach and my returns?  



















 I have an idea for an unofficial Sentai that I would like to see created, and well... no one has seemed to think about it before.

Shoot me a line if you think you are up for designing and drawing a never-before-seen squad. 





























 Most Super Sentai shows start off with a standalone enemy threatening world destruction or domination, but they are never confronted by previous Super Sentai.

After they become a fully fledged team, they begin to interact with other teams as if they existed together.

Some previous enemies will even show themselves as enemies of the newer teams.

In all media that focuses on more than one team, the passage of time stated between the two shows is sometimes longer than the actual time difference between them.

Most importantly, in Battle Fever J, the enemy Satan Egos was able to sense when the Battle Fever team was given their powers. This may have been caused by him sensing the shift from the original Battle Fever universe to that of the Sentai universe.

This shifting would also explain how the dinosaurs were destroyed in 4 different manners and created 4 different unique Sentai. 




 It's criminally low in some cases (night auditors are being paid under the table below minimum wage). For those of us who are legal, he tries to keep us as close to minimum wage as possible.

This is painful for us, because even being the highest paid desk clerk ($8.25/hr) isn't enough to pay the bills at home, and I'm having to borrow money off of future paychecks to cover them.

I counted out all of the hours worked this week by all the hourly workers, and if we assume this was an average week, then they pay about $12.28 per room-night for employees.

Raising the rate of pay for everyone to $10.00/hr would increase that average to $17.10.

That seems daunting, but the ADR has gone up over $10 since last year, because of rate increases.

Furthermore, if he were to continue paying the night shift as he has, it could bring the average down to under $15 a room. (I hate to throw the students under the bus, but the boss might not care about helping them at all.)

Ironically, the fact that he pays so badly is the reason why my job is secure enough for me to bring it up to him. No one wants to work starting at $7.50, with an occasional  $0.25 raise. (I started at $7.75 because I had 5 years experience, and I've been here 4 years.) So, most people that get hired don't even bother showing up for training once they hear the pay offer.

For that $5 a room, my boss would shift from being one of the worst paying employers in the city to one of the best that isn't in the oil refineries.

But, I wonder if he even cares enough to listen...

If he doesn't, then I'll just have to look for a new job, because he pays his assistant manager less than a guy that flips burgers under a heat lamp. 









 http://www.ebay.com/itm/171761940449

I promise, this will be the last time I post about this piece until a second is completed 












































 **I** push the button! 




  One of Comedy Central's Comics To Watch for 2013. Host of @CanceledPod. Professional goofball.

This is the bio of @ChrisCubas, the "normal fan" that "won" the PointsMe Challenge, and subsequently "won" the game tonight on @midnight...

While he was legitimately funny, the FTW challenge was obviously staged to have him win (the other contestant put out a lame joke that would have been beaten by a fart noise, and his "joke" was blatantly telling people to watch his podcast.)

I don't think Comedy Central had any intention of getting a regular guy to go on their show.

Sorry if this isn't the best place for this, but I had to say it... 




 Why is it that when you talk to Ace in the chocobo stable, the video recording/streaming cuts off?

There doesn't seem to be any reason for it. 




 We had one woman (we'll call her Monica) check in a couple weeks ago. A local, paying with cash.

She stays over day by day, doesn't really give us too much trouble, just paying late... until Monday last, when they decided they were going to check out.

Monday night, a group of 3 people from their room rush upstairs, break into a second room, and beat and rob the guest there. Unfortunately, we didn't know it was them until they had already left. (My boss didn't watch the whole tape until the morning.)

Needless to say, she was put on the Do Not Rent list, which I have tacked in the front with names, ID numbers, and the reason they are banned.

Fast forward to today, just now. I come in to work after a nice carefree weekend, and hear a woman screaming in the hallway, being chased, beaten, and dragged back into the back hallway towards their room. I called 911, found which room they were in, and they ask me who rented the room... it was Monica.

One of my idiot colleagues rented her a room again, even when we have her on a Do Not Rent list for robbery and assault!

I go down to keep an eye on the hallway as the police do their thing, and what do you know, they have a dog! They admit to me that they know the dog isn't allowed, but they "didn't have any other place to go".

And to make matters worse, the guy was caught with a huge packet of Synthetic and a grinder filled with marijuana... in the room with his 3 year old daughter!

The piece of shit was arrested, and I got the distinct "pleasure" of telling an assault victim with no ID and a toddler to find other accommodations.

And later, when I tell my boss what happened, I'll probably be yelled at for calling 911.

So, how's *your* Sunday? 




 ... That isn't part of a racism movement *by* white people? I don't want to end up in a KKK sub or something, just need to express grievances about the hypocrisy of anti-white groups. 




 The fan art community is one of the strangest things I've seen. People make figures, drawings, paintings, and other works of art, sometimes in complete opposite directions as the original work. 

They sell these works at conventions with near complete impunity, and only get C D generally when the work is closer to plagerism. However, they operate under a constant knowledge that the hammer may drop at any time.

So, my question is, "What is the best way to seek permission from the appropriate company to create and sell art based on their characters?"

Should I only send correspondence by regular mail, or is sending an email acceptable? 

Should I begin my offer only with a request to sell the art and copies of that work, or should I include the secondary acceptable offer of making the pieces directly for a commission?

Do I even need to worry about it? If the works are obviously of my own energy, and not damaging to the brand in question (there is no official outlet for this style of art), could this be considered "fair use"?

And, for a final and more specific question. The character from my initial piece is from the Japanese show "Super Sentai", owned by Bandai and Toei. The rights in America for the show are owned by Haim Saban. Who should I attempt to contact, as an American artist, Toei or Saban? The original artwork will only be made one time, and prints would be available worldwide.

Thank you in advance, if I should consult an attorney, I would love to have a suggestion for which one in the Corpus Christi area, if available, or one that consults by phone.  




 I have thought about the possibility of using a raffle to raise money for my business and wanted to shoot the idea out before starting it.

How likely are crowdfunders to buy raffle tickets?

What would be an appropriate ticket cost/prize value ratio?

How frequently should I make the drawings?

I have considered allowing prize donations from others to sweeten the pots, as well as increasing the value of the prizes if I "sell too many tickets", but is there anything else I can do to make this a success? 









 USA Network ran a No More SVU Marathon, to bring awareness to sexual assault and domestic violence. This was one of the organizations featured.

http://1in6.org

They gave a number of great organizations, based on the episode that was playing. 1 in 6 was featured with the episode with 'Teddy's Treehouse'. 
























 If this is true, can we please stop getting pissy about the guy driving a Hummer? 




 That's the interesting point.

If you didn't have a dick, you're okay, because you are a beautiful woman.

If you had a black dick, you would be okay because you were an oppressed black person.

If you didn't acknowledge or like the fact that you have a dick, then you're okay because you are a special transgender who just wants to be free.

But if you have and enjoy your white dick, then fuck you. 




 It's like a swizzle stick! 




 And let's not forget Jeff. 




 I can just imagine the shitstorm in the media if we all brigaded Hillary Clinton's twitter. 




 A little more than a foot, but less than a yard. 




 Well.... horses still cum much harder than the average human being. 




 I prefer the Java Application (If you are on a computer, /u/Player4our, the links for both programs are on the sidebar.).

They are basically the same in regard to quality, but I just like the way the Java one works.

Great work on this, by the way, Joos. 




 Well, the world is ending, Kanye admitted he was wrong. 









 I don't quite understand the issue with /r/Art 

What makes art... art?

Is it the subject material? Does a drawing have to have a deeper meaning before it becomes art?

Is it originality? Does it need to be completely original and have no  prior inspiration?

Is it the medium? Does canvas and paint have more right to be called "art" than crayon and construction paper?

Because [Jackson Pollock](http://www.internetmonk.com/wp-content/uploads/pollock.number-8.jpg), [Andy Worhol](http://www.warhol.org/exhibitions/2012/15minuteseternal/en/img/art-marilyn-470x469.jpg), and [Pablo Picasso](http://metacool.typepad.com/metacool/images/11048740ll.jpg) would beg to differ. 




 Now to blow your mind...

These were probably drawn by fans of the various series and games. 




 We are very proud of our celebrity. 




 It's a mostly regional chain.

Texas is dominated by HEB, for example, and most areas have their own dominating grocery chain... Kroger, Piggly Wiggly, and others.

If I were a betting man, there was non-competitive agreements made. 




 I am assuming, based on context.

She gets the advice on how to make simple syrup, thanks them, and laments that she is also out of syrup.

If she was typing in a hurry, her brain could have farted, and made her write "syrup" when she meant to write "sugar". 




 Hang on...

Question 1 - How "new" is your friend?

Is this someone you've known for a few months from work, but don't have any newer friends than them?

Or is it someone that you met within the past few weeks?

Question 2 - How are they selling the car?

If they are selling to a guy on Craigslist, do they have a way of trusting the transaction?

Question 3 - Why can they not cash or deposit the check themselves?

Even if they don't have a bank account, most banks will allow an account to be opened with an initial check deposit. There is little reason to take a check for someone else.

If you can not answer those questions satisfactorily, or if the answers make you uncomfortable, *do not perform the transaction*. 




 My Baby.

It's on the license plate frame. 




 Okay, Reverse Unidan... 




 Any relation to chiklets? 




 America: wear T-shirts that say what city you are in. 




 Watch_Doge 




 The girl wouldn't feel anything... Eventually the word will get out that your dick is apparently a hologram, since it disappears when you enter a woman. 




 Or, you know... Be Nancy Grace and not be an asshole. 




 As a 5'11" guy, 5'10" isn't tall...

I see people that tower over me all the time, so I only feel tall when I'm around people near the cutoff for being a midget. (4'10") 




 Would you rather fuck 1 horse-sized duck or 10 duck-sized horses? 




 http://www.adultswim.com/videos/robot-chicken/snerkel-snerkel/ 




 His first scenes included him literally whining about going with his friends to get some power converters (probably for his landspeeder) to Uncle Owen. 




 The one by Admiral Ackbar was perfect. 




 Well, yes. I take issue with it. That is part of having an opinion.

If it is insane to have an opinion, even a *wrong* opinion (which is your opinion), then lock me up in a padded cell.

**WARNING - My Opinion**

Tidal *can* offer whatever terms it wants, but ultimately they are the weaker service when it comes to the one metric that matters... The number of subscribers.

If Tidal were to be *smart* about it, they would say that musicians should have *some* exclusivity with Tidal, instead of trying to strongarm them into full exclusivity. And strongarm it is, since they try to make all the **small** artists exclusive, but the **big names** can choose to go to other services.

For example... [Kanye West](https://play.spotify.com/user/xpoplicola/playlist/77fa6y3frmLh2Jn2J3d6Xn), [Jay-Z](https://play.spotify.com/artist/3nFkdlSjzX9mRTtwJOzDYB), [Daft Punk](https://play.spotify.com/artist/4tZwfgrHOc3mvqYlEYSvVi)... All still on Spotify, but if I make a song, and I want it on Tidal, I have to sign an exclusivity contract.

Is that fair? 




 Because if you want widespread acceptance, you should have widespread availability. 

Why would I deny my stuff on massive, wildly popular services in favor of an inferior one with less users? 




 The big thing that I can think of to do is to reevaluate the construction when you come up against a plot point you didn't plan for.

For example, you make a grand battle between good and evil where the protagonist takes on the Big Bad singlehandedly. But while writing, you realize that the plucky best friend is just the type of person to stand with the hero.

You write the section with that change, and then rework the plan to include it. 




 Fair enough.  




 Well, regarding the forking issue, it isn't that the timelines didn't branch out, it's that there are no games on those branches. 




 Okay... so you are saying that Inception stole dream-within-a-dream and dream-diving from Final Fantasy 8?

I'm sorry, but this is less a theory and more a fanfiction.

First, there is no discrepancy solely contained in Disc 1, unless you accept this to be true from the start. And the only weirdness is the shared vision on the train.

Quistis hit on Squall early on because they are roughly the same age, and he is single and attractive.

Everything else here can't be disproven, the same way you can't disprove that I saw a dragon last night.

Ultimately, this is just an attempt at shoehorning an unrelated movie into a game.  




 Basically stated, the theory is that Squall died during the attack on Sorceress Edea, and that everything that happened afterward, including the craziness of the school being an alien spacecraft, is his own delusion as he comes to grips with death. 




 That isn't caused as much by surface tension, as it is by water pressure.

By thrashing about, you unsteady the body, but you also lower the amount of water directly beneath you.

This causes less upward pressure on your body from the higher-density water and causes/allows you to sink. Adding in the effect of your thrashing causing water to move around you, and your head easily goes underwater. 




 They actually have a full timeline out, that shows three separate timelines based on whether Link survived or when Ganon was killed.  




 The only one that hints to Assassins being real is the Abstergo employees.

The rest is easily explainable as them playing Assassin's Creed on the Playstation in the game. 




 Great work, but when I saw "beer goggles" as the name, I was expecting the subjects to be looking better inside the beer glass. 




 However, the use of certain elements indicated that they were certainly *implying* that Return to Oz was a direct sequel to The Wizard of Oz. Most specifically, the Ruby Slippers which were created solely for the MGM film (to show off the Technicolor), which in the books were silver. 




 And the Wheelers... 




 -rel rhymes with -rel... Thus quarrel rhymes with barrel. 




 Throwing away other people's belongings is not the same as coloring outside the lines.

What *you say you did* was a crime. 




 You are being downvoted because you are saying that you literally destroyed a piece of history. Plus, it wasn't yours to destroy.

No matter how abhorrent that was, it needed to survive for the simple purpose of understanding the times.

Should I throw away someone else's copy of the Bible, or go into Barnes and Noble and tear up copies of Fifty Shades of Grey?

Maybe the book didn't belong in the school library. Maybe the book isn't appropriate for most contexts. But you absolutely do not destroy a book. 




 My grandfather has (maybe had, I don't know if he kept it) a copy of this on VHS.

His whole basement den was lined with DVD cases. 




 It's. 




 They're *all* just ways of capitalizing on the franchise...

The fact is, they shouldn't *be* a franchise in the first place.

Why do we need sequels to Beauty and the Beast, Lion King, Cinderella, Snow White, Peter Pan, or Air Bud?

The sad part is that the movies that had *room* for a sequel don't get one, like Sword in the Stone. 




  The Lion King II being the best

 better Disney sequels

Yeah, being the most impressive turd in the outhouse isn't a great accomplishment. 




 What /u/PainMatrix said, plus Kane was motherfucking rich. 




 They should call that award the "Dead Horse Award" 




 Thank you. I was never a soap fan. 




 Yeah. Dude blocked you.

If you're actually friends with the guy, call him up and tell him, so he can unblock you.

If you're not, then just get over it. 




 The book series was basically, "what if Game of Thrones had a smidgen less killing?" 




 I've read that one!

It was one of the Sword of Truth novels, Temple of the Winds.

Kahlan and Richard are taken into separate tents and told they have to consummate their marriages to other people (even though they love each other only. It's a magic thing.).

However, Richard was swapped with the other guy, because of shenanigans and since they weren't allowed to say anything Kahlan didn't know.

They bone, which to her felt like she was being violated, no matter how well Richard treated her, then she realized that for the magic to work she had to enjoy herself.

So she goes a second time, being more forceful, with Richard knowing that she thinks he is the other guy. She cums like their is no tomorrow, and then "surprise! You just raped your husband!" 




 The easier VR twist is having VR be an answer to something.

Like on Family Guy, where Brian uses VR to spend time with Pearl before she dies. 




 A lot of them sound like good episodes of The Twilight Zone...

The twist ending where the doctors are revealed to be ugly pig faced people, and the "hideously mutilated" woman is hot... 




 Cask of Amontillado, Count of Monte Cristo, Wizard's First Rule, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban... 




 You will note that many points on the list apply to Fantasy, primarily 10a and 15.

11 is used in Fantasy settings just as easily... even in Science Fiction it is used to explore good and evil (Dr. Jekyll, Invisible Man) but it can be applied with magic as well (Snow White's Evil Queen) 




 I rather like the idea of 10a, someone calls tech support for magic. 




 Enhanced interrogation isn't the point of the "rule" or the comment.

It's about punishment. The idea that we would agree to take rapists, mass murderers, baby killers, and (ultimately because we need it for the story) over muscled political dissodents, and have them be publically hunted for sport is... a little far fetched.

Especially when today we live in a society that give Charles Manson a token parole hearing. It would take a *lot* of changes, not limited to the complete repealing of the Constitution.  




 With rich people wanting to dominate a woman. 




 Having one chapter where the character goes through their dreams, and that is used as a means for them to remember something forgotten or turns out to be a vision is fine. 




 Wizard of Oz fits better with the dream issue.

And Dynasty (I think that was the soap opera that retconned an entire season as a dream.)

And St. Elsewhere, where the whole show was in the imagination of an autistic child.  




 Just remember that many great works are on this list.

/11. Scientist experiments on himself - The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, etc.

/13b. Author ignores basic human decency and the Constitution in creating a strange punishment system. - The Running Man.

/2a. Writer has writer's block. - Secret Window...

/14. White man gets wisdom from magic Native. - Avatar

If your story is *good* (doesn't even have to be great), then this list doesn't matter. 




 Exactly, who knows... But I'll tell you this, changing the name of a superhero rarely is a good thing.

Look at The Greatest American Hero. 




 It is a very cruel fate to be taken as a boy and given the power, and responsibilities, of a god.

Look at all the boy heroes out there. They mostly turn out "okay" (Tim Drake), but they are damaged goods, the lot of them.

Their friends are mostly people they fight alongside, their family are targets. Most of them end up hiding their identities to protect the ones they love. If they are lucky, their human friends don't turn into supervillains.

I'm not saying "superhero is the worst thing ever", but if you are saddled with that burden and given superspeed, superstrength, or magic powers, you are following a hard path...

And if you are a good person, you are not going to ignore it. 




 Let's not be snippy. A *lot* of people, including some lawyers, don't know the difference between copyright and trademarks. 




 He will always be Captain Marvel.

Who cares if Marvel has their own Captain Marvel? 




 Your mine... is infested with zombies. Sorry, bro. 




 I guess what everyone seems most angry about on that joke is the idea that Donald Trump is one of the people on here, and that we might give money to people who simply don't need it. 




 I don't think anyone has a problem paying $35 for something that costs $30 to make (obviously including the baker's time)

A $35 ripoff would be if the cake only cost $5 to make, and they charged that much. 




 Yeah.

It's actually a fairly large country in terms of size. 




 Um.... hang on...

$28 is selling at a loss, but $35 is a ripoff?

If you are losing money selling the cake at $28, then $35 is perfectly reasonable. 




 A signed check is a contract to pay as much as is written on it.

If you presign your check, someone else can take it and write in any value they want and wipe you out financially.  




 Seriously, lie back on your back to give the most water underneath you as possible and lay still. Assuming you aren't too deep, or aren't weighted down, you will float up to the top in time to breath. 




 Yeah, a little bit. He loves the spotlight. 




 Stan Lee is an easy get...

Leonard Nimoy, Brent Spiner, Steve Wozniak, Levar Burton, George Takei... plus regular roles for Wil Wheaton (as an evil version of himself) and TV's Blossom...

Hers is particularly interesting because she was first referenced as the actress, giving her info in neurobiology, as a potential 4th player for the Physics Bowl, only to be added to the cast as the neurobiologist, Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler. 




 I've already seen it.

TV Guide: PBS - "Secrets of the CIA"

Actual show title? Cooking Secrets of the Culinary Institute of America.  




 Those shows are fun...

Aggravating, but fun. 




 [Showtime already did it.](http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0346369/) 




 Seriously, I need to buckle down and write about something.

If that idiot can make millions on a shitty, edited Twilight fanfiction, then I should be able to get something good out. 




 Ironically, that plan simply increases the use of student debt.

If they were to do this regularly, the students have an encouragement to default, the schools would raise tuition rates to raise the value of the unpaid debts and get as much as they can out of the paid ones, and the losers would be the people who donated money.

It wouldn't end tuition-related financial trouble at all. 




 Perhaps a subreddit for "glorified begging", like my idea to give $1 for each sale on my website, can be associated with this one.

All posts like "help me become a millionaire by doing X" or "help me increase donations by doing Y" go over there. 




 You dismiss the bloggers, authors, video creators as "bad ideas", but if we are interested in wantonly creating millionaires, then those are *very* good ideas. After all, I can read a few pages on a blog, watch a few videos, and read a book from Amazon's Lending Library, and it doesn't cost me a dime (compared to whatever else I'd be doing with my online time.)

It costs enough of you a little bit of reading time, it can get them a decent payday.

Hell, you don't even really need to read the book. Just set down your Kindle/Tablet/iPad, and flip the pages slowly while you play a video game. 




 Yeah, very clickbaity. 




 If I were to win, say $10,000, I would very boringly pay my credit card bills.

I could then use my cards again, and get new inventory for my store, little bits at a time, and hopefully increase sales.

I would gladly post pictures of the new inventory, and help pay it forward by factoring in future donations to the group as part of my sales.  




 Honestly, the only person that can do such a thing is a person who was already rich.

Only an idiot would literally throw away free money, unless that money held no value to him.

Trump would take $10,000 and chuck it like a stone at an unsuspecting bystander. (Well, he could. He probably wouldn't, unless it were staged.)

For someone $1000 in debt, they simply won't. 




 If it is based on who writes the most interesting comment, then it is basically a popularity contest, as opposed to a lottery.

I subbed here a while back, but normally didn't see the posts until it was too late, myself.

Edit - My use would probably be the most boring. I would pay down bills, and use any extra to buy toys to sell on my website.

If I were to offer a donation here based on my sales, would that be acceptable here? 




 There was one PSA beck when I was a kid about body image, with a girl who meets her model idol, and finds out just all the work involved to make her look hot. 




 Then again, some people are just squeamish.

But that isn't something to call names over, either. 




 No. 




 Found the rich socialist. 




 [](/pon3shrug) Not at the time.

[](/sp)

[](/raritynews) They didn't have Reddit back then. 




 One can only hope. 




 NGA? 




 Just a sweet signing bonus and a career. 




 There is a PatriotDating.com, but it doesn't seem to be anything but a squatter. Some privacy company in Australia. 




 Your keys. You keep leaving them on the table. 




 Bullshit.

Police don't knock anymore. 




 No thank you, Delmar.

A third of a gopher'd only arouse my appetite without beddin' her back down. 




 Yeah. It wasn't a good period of time for me, thanks to that. 




 There are *four* eggs! 




 Regular. I never should have been accepted. I wore glasses, was all but legally blind in one eye, and straight-up failed the hearing and calisthenics tests. 




 Funny.

But, no. MEPS was too interested in getting me in that they ignored my existing eye, ear, and knee problems. I officially failed those exams, but they still rubber stamped me in to fill the quota. 




 Then again, if they spaced out the junction a little more, it still might have been bridged by an older squirrel, or a snake. 




 I still remember flicking through channels and finding a program titled "Secrets of the CIA".

"Cool!" I thought, "This could be interesting..."

Turned out to be **Cooking** Secrets of the Culinary Institute of America... Instead of learning about assassination missions, I was watching how to make a quiche. 




 You were closer to being a Marine than I was being an Air Force intelligence analyst.

I was in boot camp for about a week before they realized that my body simply can't handle the military. I spent more time in the exit program than I was in actual boot camp. 




 At least he was honest enough to get rid of the tattoo? 




 At least OP's guy is saying that he *wasn't* a Marine sniper, and that he wasn't because laziness. 




 Gopher? 




 I wouldn't flag this as part of that fallacy.

The squirrel did not have any ill intent when it got itself electrocuted, it was neutral. Such an accident would be seen by everyone around as a freak occurrence. The power company and electricians would see it as the cost of doing business, and the customers would see it as an inconvenience.

In the long run, the customers only lose out if they decided to go to a hotel while the power is fixed (a completely optional choice), and the electric company would take repair costs out of preassigned funds, with likely no effect on the bottom line.

In this particular case, the destruction has a benefit of keeping electricians in work and in practice, at the cost of customers being a little hot. 




 Evil Toddler

For those times when you break the rules for the evulz, but feel it really isn't that bad.

Example - I stole candy from the grocery store... A whole Bazooka bubble gum! 




 Well, that and he got caught. 




 I hope for his sake that he posted this meme on said throwaway. 




 Phillip K Dick, not Asimov. 




 The technical term for a female human robot is "gynoid".

But it's not really sexist. They don't really exist, and they don't really have a gender... Oddly enough, wouldn't referring to everyone as the same gender (regardless of the gender you choose) remove gender bias? 




 Clearly, she's an android. Only they dream of electric sheep. 




 [Actual photo of God](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11113/111137657/4118881-1029448608-4225d.jpg) 




 [](/dashbook) The new book came in! "Fifty Shades of Tawny" 




 [](/derpyhuh) But why would she try to bite your dog? 




 /r/frugaljerkflying 




 Do you know the smartest thing to come out of *your* mouth? Mein doodle! - Albert Einstein. 




 You... you shouldn't climb into the wheel well of an airplane...

That would be bad. 




 Tensions are indeed historically high between Pakistan and India, and between China and Japan.

A world war could easily give them an excuse to spark up. 




 Basically stated, he wanted to say "We are all done here," but because of the nuance of French language, he said "We are all gonna die."

And it started World War 3. 




 Maybe, but Deadpool has been getting a lot of good juju. 




 Aaaaand, all DC will get outshone by Deadpool on his own. 




 [](/raritynews) At this point, pretty much everything is a comic book. 




 Captain America: So, were we going to Comic-Con after all?

Iron Man: What are we, a bunch of nerds? 




 Pawn shop? The ones here have a bunch of them. 
























 Cool story, bro. 




 Amen. 




 Cry me a river, Lana, and I'll go swim with the dolphins!

Dolphins don't swim in rivers.

What? Your tears are too good for dolphins? 




 Political commentators fear homosexuals, confined in a barracks, will turn into serial rapists. They then try to spread that fear among the populace  




 Literally *dozens* of thousands! 




 http://imgur.com/cHWcbzC 




 I'm doing what I have to for now, but a full reset means my credit will be irreversibly destroyed.

But I'm going to need to make sure my next place can be paid for by myself, only.

I'd rather be paying all of a $650 rent, compared to hopefully paying $640 out of an $840 rent. 




 Oh, yeah... I'm sure my roommate fornicates himself regularly, though, for some reason he keeps getting pussy... it's maddening.  




 No, not really.

Sure, family is more likely to be helpful. I can crash with my dad if I need a place, and can count on my mom for help... But my roommate has already proven he won't help me if it doesn't benefit him directly, including being more likely to buy drugs than pay the rent.

My coworkers will skive off work, leaving me to deal with it all or work overtime.

My boss doesn't understand that prices and rent have gone up, but at least they'll let me get advances on my paycheck (which basically means I am stuck working for them).

What's worse is that? I can't even drop everything and disappear. 




 The other option was that the team was set up by the Joker... 




 Honestly, if I were needing to keep the police occupied during a crime, getting them confused about their own radio transmissions isn't a bad plan. 




 Not always true. Half the people I know can go fuck themselves.  




 The Bible never says "hate black skinned people", but it certainly supports xenophobia.  




 Then you start noticing how every time they hit each other on the head, they slam their foot down on the mat. 




 None of my family watches NASCAR, but I still knew.  




 How are most rapists men? 

Because men have the equipment, and don't have to use foreign objects if we don't want to?

Because female rapists are underreported?

Because some women lie about rape to get men in trouble? I *hope* that one is rare anyway.

A combination of these factors? 




 Bravely, bold Sir Robin rode forth from Camelot. He was not afraid to die, O, brave Sir Robin! 




 When did/does three come out? Did I miss something? 




 No, it definitely sucks, and I wasn't happy that I had to do it. 




 [](/tavidepressed) okay... 




 I don't know about the first question, but maybe.

As for the rest, it wasn't a full redemption. She had to pay half the room rent each night (give or take) on her own card, but apparently the card they originally used was marked Lost, making it invalid.

I certainly understand the frustration they had, but it wasn't something we could just sit on for an indefinite period of time. I actually gave them longer than I gave the other two declinations. But we were already having to turn people away at that time.

From our standpoint, we easily could have resold the room, waiting until 11pm to cancel, but there would be (and I'm only exaggerating a little here) 100 renters we *could* have taken in instead of the person with the bad card. But our policy is simply that if your payment is not valid, we cancel your room. Because otherwise, we will get people making reservations with bad credit cards because (a) they don't have to wait for a return on the authorization and (b) they can avoid paying a no-show charge if they decide not to come in after all. 




 Shit... I guess I lose my nerd privileges today. 




 You know what, say what you will about the shitty bureaucrats wanting to be assholes, I'm pleased that they opened up for business that quickly. 




 Most of the time, the debt *is* legitimate, even if they screwed up and it wasn't verifiable.

You borrowed the money, ran up the bill, or used a service, and didn't pay for it. You know that you did it, and you don't want to or can not pay.

Because roughly half of the debts bought by debt collectors are not documented properly, especially after it has gone through multiple collection agencies, it is a simple process to *say* you don't recognize it and demand proof. If they give proof, they can't accuse you of lying (many people forget about the doctor visit from 4 years ago) and you can work with them to get back on track, including making a pay to delete arraignment. If they can't give proof, it disappears... 




 Loyalty point redemption. The only monetary payment was the bad credit card. 




 Technically, yes.

If there is no federal law prohibiting it, then it is legal on a federal level, but can still be prohibited by state or municipal law.

For example, most traffic laws do not have parallels in Federal law. 




 They are waiving the flag. That flag doesn't apply anymore.

They aren't waving the flag, though. 




 It's hard to say. It'd be based on whether the churches get enough anti-gay voters riled up. 




 If I were to want to get around those features, couldn't I simply remove the +XXXX information or move around the periods?

I think a Masked email is better. 




 Yeah, but while she did enough damage to solo Titan, she still needed help.

So she didn't solo Titan. 




 Summer weekend in a beach town means a full house.

We went through the arrivals today, as is tradition, and preauthorized the credit cards on file. One of the few reservations to decline was a Brand Loyalty Partial Payment room.

After confirming that we are allowed to cancel, I called the guest and left a message about the room. It was about 8:30, but we were already having to turn people away who wanted to pay properly for the room. I gave them until 9:30 to update their payment, or it will be canceled.

9:30 passes without contact, and I cancel the room as promised. The room is almost immediately rebooked by a new guest.

10:10, we finally get a call back from the guest, a sweet old lady who sadly was brought to tears that I had to give away the room, but she seemed to understand the situation.... Then she called her son, Fezzik.

The conversation was a little too long for a post here, but suffice it to say every sentence out of his mouth was about my incompetence.

I let it slide for a while, telling him what happened. No, sir, we don't attempt the card until the day of arrival because we don't want an issue with voluntary cancellations. No, sir, we can't hold an invalid reservation indefinitely. No, sir, we don't have another room of that type of give. (We only had singles for the multiple days).

Incompetence, incompetence, incompetence. Every answer I gave as to why we can't simply rebook the room as it was an excuse to hide my incompetence.

I finally broke. "Sir, you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."

Obviously, that didn't help at all, but it was so satisfying. I calmed down a bit after.

We traded question and answer like this for a good 10 minutes, and I was getting more agitated because I was constantly repeating myself and trying to deal with other phone calls and guests who I could help.

I finally told him flat out, "the only incompetence here is your own. We trusted that you gave us a valid card, we contacted you as soon as we knew it declined, and we gave you time to fix the problem. If you have any *new* questions, I'll try to answer, but otherwise I'm going to hang up now."

As soon as the word incompetence came from his lips again, it didn't take long, I released the call. 




 Yeah, I found that out the hard way. 




 I used to work for Verizon, and while those terms were the justification at that time, +-10 years ago, the reality was that it didn't matter which phone you got (or even if you got a phone at all), or when you cancelled the contract, the ETF was $250.

Our standard practice if you called in during the last month of service was to tell you to wait until the day after the contract expires to cancel  (which usually means we've charged your card for another month and you have to wait to be refunded the difference. 




 I paid to delete a debt, and it never disappeared... they just straight up lied to me. 




 Actually, yes.

You can give them a masked email address, using Blur, and you will get the contact from them with the ability to block them later on. 




 For Junk Debt Buyers, the business is a numbers game. They *know* that most people are not going to pay in full, and many people will either refuse to pay or find a loophole to get out of the debt.

So, they get lax on the paperwork.

The more your debt is, and the more profit it stands to make them, the more likely they will have the appropriate paperwork.

If you owe some company $100, you can probably get it thrown out. 




 That's the thing.

It *is* immoral to use a technicality to void a legitimate debt, but it is also immoral to do many of the practices done by Junk Debt Buyers, like call people 10, 20, 30 times a week. 




 Yes. We are reaching critical mass on stupidity over this stupid flag.  




 No, that is a program on TruTV. 









 Amazon, Wal-Mart, and other stores banning the flag has led to people removing the flag from depictions of the Dukes of Hazzard's General Lee. 




 Plus, workers reportedly have had to work much longer hours than 40 in a week. Assume that they work 60 hours a week, that makes the median hourly pay ~$2.00, *before* they start charging for things like rent, toothpaste, clothes, etc. 




 Foxconn does things like lock workers inside the building, has living quarters on site, everything the workers need to live is sold by the company... It might not *legally* be slavery but...

 You got 15 tons, what do you get? Another day older and a-deeper in debt. 




 And one in a field in Pennsylvania. 




 Um... no. It literally refers to the reddish color of their skin, compared to the white and black skin colors.

And it was originally applied by Native speakers.

Obviously it *became* a racial slur, but just as "nigger" was just a slurred form of "negro" (and thus the origin of the term "slur"), but it has nothing to do with scalping. 




 They could also include coupons for Always with Wings, DVD box sets of the TV show Wings, or gift certificates to Wing Stop. 




 Honestly, if the commercial specifically said "7,000,000 points gets you a jet," then they should have known someone would take it seriously. Many commercials show ridiculous things being done with real products that are being offered.

What they *should* have done is say "Save up enough points, and you might even get a jet!" and then had a remote controlled jet in the catalog. 




 Actually, Red Bull could easily make a promotion where they mail out sets of wings to people who buy their product.

And they could have a lot of fun with it. 10 points could get you a pair of [pilot's wings](http://i126.photobucket.com/albums/p100/lastofthebenders/Private-AC-Misc/DeluxeWings-Sil-600.gif), 100 could get you a set of [water wings](http://swimmingsafari.com/images/uploads/water-wings_48710_3.jpg), and 1000 could get you a pair of [costume wings](http://delicateconstruction.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/bird-costume-3.jpg) 




 It means that if you made an ad that said "You could buy, like, a *million* apples for $20", then you can easily defend that you didn't *literally* mean a million, just a lot of apples.

But if you said "Apples, 3 for $1" then you actually mean 33 cents per apple. 




 [](/wlexcited)Only the greatest live action series from Japan!

[](/sp)

[](/flutterranger) Also known as Power Rangers. 




  inferring inferences 




 Hmph, it's not that I don't *want* to eat you... 




 Wolfram and Hart in Angel had Weyland-Utani as a client. Weyland-Utani made the weapons system in Firefly, and Firefly links with BSG (2003)... The map should have the listings the other direction. 




 http://www.poobala.com/battlestarandfirefly.html 




 They count Morleys cigarettes because they don't really exist.

The theory states that it isn't that shows reuse props, it is that they are real companies, in-universe, and two people using the product will mean they are both in that universe. It is admittedly flimsy, and used to expand the connections as far as possible. 




 He has that backward. Munch was in X-Files. 




 COPS is generally excluded because it is not a fictional show, and uses no fictional characters.

The use of COPS in a show, such as X-Files, is there to imply that X-Files is occurring in the Real World. Including that show would be like saying Family Guy is real, because we watch the news. 




 You have the X-Files one backward, Baltimore Detective John Munch was a character on both St. Elsewhere and X-Files, then he went on to appear in Law   Order and star in SVU. The Sesame Street episode was obviously a joke, so we can throw that out.
 




 Okay. The connection between Star Trek and Seinfeld goes through the John Larroquette Show.

Star Trek and JL both reference the fictional company Yoyodyne (Not necessarily canon). JL crossed over into Frasier (Canon), which crossed into Caroline in the City, to Friends, to Mad about You, to Seinfeld.

Happy Days is only connected to Friends directly through St. Elsewhere, through a very long connection that I won't spell out.

The problem with the theory is in the fact that many of there "crossovers" are really just two completely different shows referencing the exact same fictional company (like the Star Trek example above), and aren't really in the same universe. Plus the fact that some of the crossovers are specifically alternate universes or TV shows within the TV show, or silly non-canon appearences, like the famous John Munch on Sesame Street.

It's an interesting example of how TV shows connect with each other, but it isn't exactly canonized. 




 And they are all in the [mind of an autistic child](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Westphall#The_Tommy_Westphall_Universe_Hypothesis). 




 I have that book!

It's used for the Big Eyes Small Mouth RPG, but is also a great art book for SM fans. 




 Heck, one only needs to look at the latest few Sentai, Kyoryuger, ToQger, and Ninninger, to see how prevalent the cowboy love goes.

Kyoryuger featured Kyoryujin Western, a gun-slinging giant robot, ToQger has the Sixth Ranger, ToQ-6gou, who wears a duster and wide brimmed hat in his Shadow form, and Ninninger has the Sixth Ranger Starninger, a cowboy/ninja that [transforms with a hamburger](http://www.orendsrange.com/2015/02/shuriken-sentai-ninninger-first-look-on.html?m=1) 




 My phone app just uses the words for the flair.  




 At the same time, if I call a woman a "pussy", I'll have a bad time no matter how I meant it. 




 Sorry, but that is only if you are a fool.

The point was clearly, even without the tags, to juxtapose the slaughter of pigs with the slaughter of Jews, to get people to think about how bad it is to kill another animal.

I don't agree with her assertion. But she is not saying that men are pigs in any way, shape, or form. 




 Yeah, this is just a bad post for here.

She was saying that pigs were being treated like Holocaust victims, not that men are pigs. 




 If you know about computers, but don't want to spend the time building a PC, it isn't terrible.

You can look at and compare specs, and can choose for yourself which is right for you. If you have to ask "which of these PCs will do X?", then you aren't informed anyway.

Ideally, a tech-savvy person will build their own rig, but that isn't always a possibility.  




 Sorry you are getting downvoted, but you can get glitches when using outdated tech.

For example, if your graphics card is underpowered or damaged, you can see graphical artifacts or even outright errors in the rendering. Problems in storage or memory can lead to a level not setting up right, and errors like "falling through the world".

Sometimes it *is* the computer's fault. But if you are having trouble playing Batman: Arkham Knight... Then it's probably the game.  




 Fair enough about targeting, but for most people the yoga Nike commercial is cringeworthy.

Like the fact that they never show an actual identifiable Nike product. Those yoga suits could have been any brand at all, and we'd never know. 




 And this time, he'd be right.  




 Ironically, it is one passage that *should* be taken literally. 




 Funny, I though that it meant more simply "Man will be the Serpent's mortal enemy".

Genesis, after all, was a myth, not unlike the Greek mythology, and they wanted to explain why we hate snakes and why they attack people.

Because, "snakes have poison, and are very protective" isn't reason enough for us to hate each other. 




 Yeah, the people that came up with that myth were going by things like changes in skin color after the disembodied head was slapped.

You would certainly feel the pain of the axe, but not for very long. 




 Honestly, because of the fact this app can't access play data of most games, it will be next to impossible to police.

On the other hand, the payout can be automated to not require mediation. The two players come back to the app, and it simply asks "who lost?" The loser presses that button, releasing the funds.

If they have a game in progress (neither player presses that they lost) for a certain period of time after the end of the game, then the game is simply cancelled, and both players are refunded. The game gets marked as abandoned, and used as a player ranking (using a percentage of completed games).

If you see someone with a low completion ranking, you decline to take their bets. 




 Of course you wish to be paid for your work, that is always important, but you shouldn't ignore the power of borrowed books for growing an audience.

When I read that one book, the author initially earned no money off of me beyond my friend's purchase. I ended up buying 10 books of his.

Kindle Lending Library and Kindle Unlimited have a unique situation where they can pay you for every borrowed book, giving you an income while potentially growing your fanbase.

I can't decide for you if it is right for you. It is always your decision. But the factors should look beyond the bottom line. 




 Any sort of call that refuses to give basic information gets the business from me.

If it is important enough that they have to speak to my manager at 8 in the morning (my boss isn't available until at least 10), they can let me know the basics. 




 Oh! You mean on the PC... 




 Like many good writing prompts, I went a little off-topic.

http://wrongmlpletters.blogspot.com/2015/06/let-your-pony-flag-fly.html 




 The joke is that he is using a pushpin to attach the condom to the board... leaving a hole in it. 




 What was wrong with the Diablo 3 launch? I didn't get into it until after the PS4 launch. 




 By feminazi, he means feminists who wish to kill or subjugate all men... frankly, this guy is a conspiratard. 




 No, i mean how this girl's nude photos taken while she was underage were posted...

We know that the subverse was banned. We know basically why it was banned. The only question that requires "proof" is whether *this girl* was the one being posted.

You're right, without that proof, she could be lying about her "involvement" in the situation. But that subverse was banned because of naked children. 




 It is a valid argument, for one simple reason.

If you try and stop me from commenting because I *could* post a link to child porn, then you are in the wrong.

If you try and stop me from commenting because I *actually* post a link to child porn, then you are taking a correct action.

Removing free speech and expression because of a hypothetical is never appropriate.

How does this factor into your question?

You postulated that they only removed your link, and the subverse that it was posted on, because of what it means to their bottom line, and not because of any moral reason. And again, I ask... Isn't that enough?

If they start banning people for *moral* reasons, then we'll start seeing bans of unpopular subjects like /v/atheism, /v/christianity, /v/politics, /v/libertarianism, or other subs that one person or another finds objectionable.

By only banning people when it becomes *legally necessary*, they protect persons like yourself while allowing the average, law-abiding user to spout out whatever shit they want. 




 Did I say it wasn't significant?

I don't know how many they had before the exodus, but only about 1/4 of the new users joined the new FPH, based on the sidebar. (~11,000), which certainly indicates that many of the people who left did so because of that controversy.

/v/MeanwhileOnReddit has ~19,000, /v/news has ~21,500, /v/technology has ~20,500... Obviously, there is some overlap, but FPH is a sub that will be drowned out eventually. 




 Is that not enough?

Their goal was to have a place where if you wish to post something morally repugnant, you are allowed to. The one thing you can't do is use the site for illegal purposes, like sharing naked pictures of an underage girl.

If we don't have the freedom to say something horrible, then we don't have freedom to say anything. 




 Yes and no. I heard about Voat after reading about on of those subreddit bans, but I was never a part of that group.

With over 45,000 accounts, it's unlikely that most of them were on FPH 




 Almond or Vanilla Extract in sauces, along with an almost random mix of spices.

My goal is to make it so I can not smell the sauce while it cooks. 




 This is a fair enough answer. Yes, the initial userbase was people that left Reddit for one controversy or another and to avoid bans against subreddits. This means that many horrible places will pop up early on.

There is a growing number of new users there that come over out of curiosity, and don't condone the actions of... certain subs. 




 Voat is to Reddit as Raddit was to Digg.

The only question we have left is whether Voat will completely supplant Reddit, or if it is too similar and not enough people move over. 




 It should be noted that because of incidents like this, Voat has banned /v/jailbait 




 Past me cleaned out present me's bank account thanks to a shitty friend.  




 In all seriousness, I might use this idea... I have a blog that I let flounder, with wrong versions of My Little Pony write to their princesses...

I could start using/making up news stories for them to write about. 




 Borrowing gets you fans.

Selling gets you customers.

I started reading the third book of the Phase series, Juxtaposition, from a friend, and liked it so much I went out and bought the rest.

If your work is good, having a free sample is the *best* advertising. It's the reason Barnes and Noble is set up like a huge reading room. 




 Here I thought the point of writing was to have your book read. 




 Yeah, well blxlk u, too! 




 At least Watch_Dogs isn't doing this shit.

You want a different take on GTA with some puzzles thrown in, and it's your game.

Otherwise, you might not like it, and that's okay. 




 I would assume they lose more money by calling their user base idiots than they stand to make by selling shit to idiots. 




 I deleted after the Beta.

I liked the game, kind of. Just not enough to pay for it. 




 Question

I heard a rumor that they were making people rebuy the $80 bundle, even if they owned the game, and what you get for that is like 3 emotes...

What all do you actually get? 




 Right next to the Jolly Ranchers. 




 This is a good point.

If you need him for anything else, counter offer for the 20% he wants, with the previously paid wages being an advance on that. (Ironically, if the game doesn't do well, he could end up owing you.)

If you don't need him, make copies of all previous communication, including the fact that he was working as a contractor for you, and is not entitled to a percentage.

Either way, terminate your relationship with him as soon as possible.  




 I agree with you.

All we can be sure about is that any significant other of Marlene was not in the Order. 




 That's the beauty of it.

Everyone else is *just an adventurer* there to help you if you need it. You are the Chosen Hero. That's why nothing anyone else does has a lasting effect on your game.

And they say there are others, but for the most part, you are the hero. It allows you to immerse yourself more easily than if you are just a small cog in a machine.  




 James and Lily were married for over a year, as were the Longbottoms.

If (and I emphasize the if) Marlene was born a McKinnon, and married in the incredibly short time between the picture being taken and her death, it stands to reason that her marriage might not have been common knowledge.

If she was already married to a non-Order member, then she wasn't a McKinnon in school. (Yes, she technically could have been one, but the odds of such a pairing are incredibly low, even in a close community like the Wizarding World).

If she was never married at all, then the family that was killed was likely her parents.

But, the Order itself was a very tight group. It is highly unlikely that a wife would be in the Order without her husband (Moody goes through a number of couples in the photograph), so the assumption is that she is not married, since a husband was never married.

Now, there is another possibility that hasn't been mentioned yet...

Marlene may have been gay. We know that Rowling intended for some characters to be homosexual, and an unmarried woman in a fighting position may not have married because one woman can not marry another (We never see such a marriage at least.). In this scenario, Moody would have respected her as a person and comrade-in-arms, but not been comfortable talking about such matters with others.

Which one is right? Only JK Rowling knows for sure.  




 That, my friend, is the $100,000 question. 




 And it will be stupid.

Gloriously stupid. 




 Corpus Christi - The Water Street Bar and Grill and Oyster Bar. 




 The passage where Moody shows off the picture, he calls her "Marlene McKinnon" and then states that she died 2 weeks after the picture was taken.

Even if she was born a McKinnon, and married in between those two events, she would have been remembered as Marlene McKinnon.

If she was born a McKinnon, then she almost certainly died unmarried, and her parents and siblings were killed with her. 




 Here is the part that will blow your mind...

Unless there was additional info in Pottermore, the books never mention her husband by name. Marlene was standing alone in the picture of the Order. If her husband was the McKinnon, she could have been named *anything* during school. If she was named McKinnon, it is likely that she wasn't married, and the family that died included her parents and siblings. 




 I think the problem that these authors have is the fact that we don't know a lot about the people that went to school with the Marauders.

So, authors latch onto any little detail they can find and figure out a way to include it.

Lily's best friend in Hogwarts, at the very beginning, was almost certainly Severus. They knew each other before school for years, and were all but destined to be together... until they were Sorted.

With Lily in a different House, she would have made new friends with her fellow First Years, and quickly gained a closeness associated with "best friends", but she didn't drop Severus until he called her a Mudblood.

Assuming Marlene was the same year and House as her, she could have been one of her closest female friends, explaining why she cried when she heard the news, but it wasn't the same level of closeness that she once had with Severus or grew to have with the Marauders.

Thus, Lily's best friend was Severus, and when that friendship died she eventually latched onto the Marauders directly, becoming close enough with them to trust Wormtail and Sirius with her protection just as much as James did. 




 He had an intelligent pet monkey. 




 The Tidal goes in, the Tidal goes out. You can't explain that. 




 I just wanted to say to Mr. Z, that I am completely sorry for this news[,](http://www.nelson-haha.com/) as I always hoped that this service would be so much better than Spotify and other services that dare to cater to the average user. 




 Seriously. Having emotes is a cute thing and all, but not worth $80. 




 Three emotes?

He wants you to buy the whole new game... for 3 emotes? 




 I'll get the popcorn, because you'll be dead before paramedics arrive.  




 Rule one of self defense, avoid the fight whenever possible.  




 Maybe, but at the same time, freedom is something that should only be taken away with good reason.

The question should not be "Why do you need that?" It should be "Why can't I have it?"

 I want to built a neutron bomb in my backyard...  

Why would you need that?  

 I want one, why can't I have it?

 **Because you'll kill everyone trying to make it!** 




 Actually, I could see an episode where Jerry entertains a complete stranger who just happened to pop in. 




 Because there is nothing that says American Freedom like forcing people to drive a specific car they don't want. 




 Seriously. I had forgotten about that song entirely... and then I read the title, and a wave hits me.

It was a powerful song  




 Time Magazine's worst Man of the Year award... 




 Seriously.

I don't have a problem with them choosing Miles Morales to be the MCU Spider-Man. It would be a *great* way to differentiate the character from the Sony Pictures Spider-Man and Amazing Spider-Man.

I also understand the reasoning behind using Peter Parker for the specific role, because of the back story and the overall effect of him revealing his identity during Civil War.

On the broader sense, if you want to see a new powerful black hero, make a new one (like the new Ms. Marvel). Or take an older one and make him into a more powerful character (like the MCU Falcon). But don't change the race of existing characters and pretending it doesn't change their history. 




 I nominate that to be OP's flair.  




 Yes, but the money has to come from somewhere.

AC makes (let's say) $5,000,000. They take $1,000,000 of that and put it to develop a new AC game. They then take another $1,000,000 and start developing a new IP, like Watch_Dogs, which may or may not profit.

If WD makes enough, they will do the same thing, take some of the profits and make WD2, and some to make a third game. If it doesn't, then they abandon the IP and just work on the third. 




 Good luck on your work. 




 But we are talking about 15 ships equaling all car emissions in the world. Even if Hummers combined was a significant portion of the car side, it would be peanuts compared to the ship emissions.

Cutting the ship emissions by 5% would do better than cutting Hummer emissions by 50%.

Obviously, the headline is ignoring that it is different kinds of emissions, I understand that, and my initial joking comment was not meant to address that issue. 




 If they simply return it, let's say they got it in their hands and decided they didn't like it, then it rarely hurts you to allow the refund. You may want to grant only the partial refund to cover your shipping costs (call it a restocking fee), and you can sell it again. 




 Okay. In regards to legality, making a print of a character has a few things you have to watch for.

First and foremost, is transformation. If you are simply copying an iconic Wolverine comic book cover, then you are violating both trademark and copyright laws. You didn't design the piece, you didn't design the character. It isn't yours to sell.

Second, is replicability. The more easily replicated the artwork, the less likely it will be sued over. You try to sell scribbled drawings of Wolverine on paper, and you'll probably be hit with a C D. You make one 10 foot tall sculpture, and you probably will be congratulated by the artist (unless you piss him off).

That leads into the third point, flattery. If you make said sculpture with Wolverine being raped by Kitty Pryde, they'll come onto you like a hobo on a ham sandwich. If the sculpture depicts him in his iconic crouching pose with blades extended, they will look at it more favorably.

Fourth, and maybe the most important, is competitiveness. If you make a comic book featuring their character, then you are potentially cutting into their profits. Changes you make to the character can erroneously be seen as endorsed by the creators, which leads to problems. The aforementioned 10 foot tall statue, on the other hand, doesn't compete with their property. The people that would buy such a thing will probably be buying the legit art, too.

Now then, Etsy is in a strange position. They don't make anything, except the website. However, enough people are on it that they have to tread extra carefully to avoid C D letters from the property owners.

Because of the points I laid out before, most companies are okay with the creation of fan art. They even encourage it. But if too much goes on in a site like Etsy, Marvel may come down on them.

In response to your question, superhero *posters* would be a definite infringement based on competitiveness. If you wish to fight a C D for your work, you would likely lose, due to the fact that Marvel and DC sell their own posters of characters.  




 Okay... refund policies for artwork are a very touchy subject.

You should ensure your product is packed well, giving extra space in case of box damage etc.

If you do that, you can have your refund policy be on a case by case basis. Officially, you list no refunds. Then, if someone contacts you and asks for a refund for a reason you don't think is valid (for example, if they call you a few days after getting the package, saying it was damaged in transit), you can simply say "no refunds". The rare case where they show you that something horrible happened, you can grant an exception.

After all, you are the owner of your "business". 
























 Here is the thing.

Sometimes a ban is necessary. If you post naked pictures of children, you should be banned.

If you post the name, address, and photo of a person, with a message like "someone needs to rape this bitch", you should be banned.

If you upload videos of yourself killing people, you should be banned.

Of course, they should also send the information to the authorities.

So, you can't promise "No Banning, whatsoever" without opening yourself up to legal liability.

The goal we should be striving for is "if it is legal, you can post it" 




 And don't forget that we already have Voat.co.  




 It is a football game, even if it isn't the season, but I am explaining the reasoning that OP is using.

If what you care about is watching your team play a game, you only have to wait until the 14th of August. 




 And the preseason is in August. 




 Just remember to give Marshawn the ball this time! 




 The fine print was clear, they meant $3 in coinage. 




 The mailer is only there to prove that you got the mailer. Most people only get one per promotion, and it serves to ensure you don't attempt twice. 




 Oh, these things are nationwide. Every copy of the mailer "wins", but they never say exactly what. You'll more than likely get the booby prize, worth between one and ten dollars, in exchange for them trying to sell you a car.

And they send a copy of that to *everyone* in the area. If they get 1000 responses (an insane turnout), they'll probably convince 50-100 to drive off in a car... But only give out $5000 in prizes. 




 I don't believe you. 




 I went down to the car dealership for one of these promotions. I brought in the ad, they did their high-pressure sale, then they brought me a scratch-off with like 20 numbers on it, and I got to scratch off 6 numbers.

If *all 6 numbers* matched a pre-determined list of numbers on a whiteboard, then I would have won the grand prize. And quite frankly, I'm skeptical that the scratch-off was even possible to win on. (The booby prize was a $2 bill.)

Does anyone know *anyone* that "won" more than a $100 product on these things?

The worst one I've seen has a prize listed as "3 golden coins" (They meant Sacajawea dollar coins.)  




 [All I'm saying is that bodybuilders don't eat as healthy as you think.](http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=120168451) 




 He says himself that whenever he sees or hears the name "E Corp" he automatically changes it to "Evil Corp", we (being figments of his imagination) see and hear it similarly. 




 No, she didn't. She injected nanites to control the Terminator prototypes, but it was the virus that give Skynet sentience. 




 With the exception of the whey powder (because they sell the stuff), they don't really mention a lot of specific foods. It's all about the numbers.

But, regardless of the individual's food choices, it isn't as simple as having "a hamburger or some fries" a day. It is so much more. 




 Yeah.... there aren't that many...

You should see My Little Pony's list of subs... /r/wehavetoomanymlpsubs 




 Part of the problem is the fact that mobile users don't see the sidebar unless they actively check it. Most people only check it one time, and don't see rule changes, updated links, or other info. 




 How about this? If someone asks a noob question in the main sub, we... I dunno... *answer the question* and include a message like, "you can learn more about the basics at /r/KerbalAcademy"

If it's a simple question, with a simple answer, no one wants to hear, "I'm not going to tell you, I'm going to send you over here, with a smaller userbase, where you can ask the question over again." 




 What I don't understand is... What is Rule 6? There's only 5 rules. 




 It should be noted that such a program still relies on counseling (aid workers to help them find things like a place to stay, where to go for treatment, etc.) and it only works if a good amount is given at one time...

Having 3000 people each give a pound over a period of time, they'll just buy a cup of coffee or small meal, and it would do no good.

Plus, the experiment was very narrow, only giving money to 13 people. likely chosen specifically for their background. 




 To everyone willing to give $5,000 to a random homeless man, I'll take your money. 




  a couple of fries per day

That implies a restraint on eating that bodybuilders don't generally have.

[This](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/the-abcs-of-a-muscle-building-diet.html) article on bodybuilding.com shows the "recommended" diet for a bodybuilder who wants huge muscles...

For the 180 lb person in the example, they suggest a 3500 Calorie daily diet, including 180g of protein, 450g of carbohydrates, and 120g of fat.

Compare that to the standard weight-maintenance diet for a 180 lb person, 2000 Calories with no more than 300g of carbs and 65g of fat. Protein doesn't have a recommendation, but 180g is the equivalent of 30 eggs or about 9-15 hamburgers. 




 I feel sorry for my inbox if it turns out I'm right. 




 Verily. 




 Wh....why don't they just sent the "mails" USPS themselves, and save the middleman? 




 The Dragon in Rev 12 is named as Satan, and when he fell from Heaven he gave his power to the Beast.

The Beast is a representation of Rome, and has a similar 7 heads, 10 horns, and 7 crowns

Rome was built on a peculiar formation of 7 hills, where the Vatican sits today. The horns and crowns represented Roman leaders and countries they ruled over. Basically, the early Christian writer of the book was trying to equate the very bloody treatment of Christianity to the influence of Satan, himself. 




 You have things too convulted.

Timeline A: Sarah and unknown individual create John, Yadda Yadda. Skynet sends T-800 to the past. John-A sends Kyle Reese after it. (The events of Timeline A continue, so your Timeline B never occurs.)

Timeline B- Terminator 1. Sarah-B survives the T-800, has John, and is committed to a mental institution for claiming that robots from the future came back in time. John-B is raised by foster parents, and becomes more street smarts than John-A. John-B joins military service like many tough kids, and starts the resistance, along with Katherine Brewster. Skynet is accelerated by the remnants of the T-800, and sends a T-1000 to attack John. John sends a reprogrammed T-800 to defend himself.

Timeline C - Terminator 2. T-800 saves John and breaks Sarah from the mental institution, and forms a fatherly bond with John. T-800, T-1000, and all physical remnants are destroyed. (We assume.) Sarah trains John until she dies of cancer, John lives off the grid. Skynet is created in parallel construction by Katherine's father. John survives Judgement Day by not being in a major city, founds the resistance. Skynet sends a T-X, Katherine sends a reprogrammed T-800 to protect.

Timeline D- Terminator 3. T-800 saves John and Katherine from T-X, attempts to stop Skynet from launching, gets them to a military bunker, where John founds the resistance. This is a 100% stable timeline, as Skynet is not hindered or helped in any way. It is as if they never sent back the T-X at all.

Where things get wonky is in the fact that the new movie has Skynet and the Resistance send fighters to *before* the events of Terminator 1, removing 2 and 3 from existence entirely. 




 Based on what little the show has told us so far, it seems to me that they are going full "Fight Club" and having the leader of the anonymous hacker group, Mr. Robot (played by Christian Slater) be a projection of Elliott's subconscious.

We have evidence that Elliott is an unreliable narrator. He is delusional, giving us narration as if talking to a voice in his head, goes on rambling conversations in his mind, and subconsciously hears every reference to "E Corp" (obviously a reference to Enron) as "Evil Corp", including in print. He is also a drug addict, who thinks his addiction is under control.

He encounters the hacker group when finding a file in one of his company's client's computers, and is almost immediately taken under the wing of Mr. Robot. Mr. Robot is cool, amicable, friendly. He gets along with others, makes plans, follows his goals. He is everything Elliott is not.

Almost immediately after this encounter, the CEO of Evil Corp is arrested based on evidence found in the hacker's program. Elliott, who only recently was let in on the plan celebrates as if he orchestrated it.

One of the girls in the group, seemingly second in command, is comfortable enough to take a shower at his place without telling him, as if they had known each other for a while.

All signs point to Elliott and Mr. Robot being the same person, with any direct interaction of the two (like when Mr. Robot pushed Elliott off the pier) being shown to us through the delusional filter of Elliott's mind. 




 In the privacy of their bedroom, and away from their parents...

"I'm sorry, babe, but I didn't want to do it in the house, because I don't know how your dad would react. 




 I know one pothead who can't seem to go 10 minutes without a smoke.

And by that, he *can* but he doesn't want to. 




 Steroid users actually ingest a large amount of calories, because they burn through it at the gym.

And that includes fatty, high energy, high calorie foods like hamburgers and fries. 




 I get what you are saying, but at least this group was trying to address that body image is a problem for both genders.

And the statistics are not wrong, many men with body image problems turn to weightlifting. Why? Because we have to contend with amazingly large people! Arnold, Stallone, Lundgren, Farrigno, Tyson... the pressure isn't *usually* to get smaller, it is go get ripped.

When they work hard at the gym, and buy all the suppliments, and end up with only modest (realistic) gains, they turn to synthol and steroids to get bigger and better defined.

There are women with synthol and steroid problems, and men with eating disorders, but at least they are trying to address the overall problem. Body Image. 




 And for God's sake, don't wait until you get home. Do it as soon as the bank is open  




 The appropriate thing to do is to test a large sample size of narcoleptic and vaccinated regular people from certain areas, that way you can have a control. 




 Narcolepsy can be a symptom of a separate problem, a side effect of a drug (as was the case here), or the sole condition you have. 




 In fairness, if he knew she knew he smoked weed, he could have just said, "I had to take a smoke and stepped outside".  




 One way to set up a capture might be to design the bank with a large atrium with bulletproof doors on both sides.

Teller waits for him to open the first door and sets off an automatic lock on both ends. The robber is then trapped in the bank, but segregated from the tellers, guards, and employees. 




 It's something they need to work on. But I really think they need to be better about PS4 ports of PS3 games...

After paying for FFX/X-2 3 times, I don't think I should have to shell out another $50 to get it on PS4. 




 Let's be honest... the PS3 is going to go away eventually. You can't expect to get great free games for it forever, right? 




 Isn't soccer just running about and kicking a ball?

This is soccer... in a rocket car. 




 And that's the ironic thing.

We get approximately $60 worth of games every month, sometimes more. It's just not one $60 game. 




 Live virus doesn't last as long on a vaccinated child as it does on an unvaccinated child, because it can not incubate in the body. Because of that, there is less chance for the virus to mutate, less variation in the virus, and greater efficacy of the vaccination. 




 There are a lot of decisions you are forced to make because you don't have enough money.

If I had the money, I'd travel the world, going to different anime conventions until I got sick of it, but I don't. So I have to keep working at a job I hate.

Now, maybe the governor shouldn't be the sole decider of this issue. Maybe it should be up to a vote, maybe it should be decided by courts or legislature. But it isn't necessarily a *bad* thing to have every child be vaccinated...

Even if the quacks out there are right, and there is a minuscule chance that some of the children might develop a problem related to the vaccine, isn't that 0.01% "error" worth the saving of 10% or more of the children's lives? 




 Japanese use Western name order when telling a complete Western name. John Smith is Sumiisu-san or Jyon Sumiisu, not Sumiisu Jyon. 




 Ginny, in the last book, stayed behind and listened for news about Harry while he went hunting, not counting the final battle of course.

The praying is out of character for a witch (they never really show people praying), but it does capture the idea of her worrying about Harry. 




 Okay. So, if my "religious belief" is that I should only feed my children raw possum meat, should I be allowed to do that?

Of course not! They'd be dead quicker than you can blink.

Any reasonable person will admit that you can't claim personal freedom as an excuse to attack another person, and that includes passive harm.

Similarly, the First Amendment is not an absolute protection of your right to speak, specifically where such speech can bring harm to another party. You can not, for example, grab a bullhorn and tell an angry mob to break into a building and lynch its occupants.

Such exceptions to personal freedom are inevitable, and should be as limited as possible, but for vaccines to work *as many people as possible have to get the vaccination*.

If you don't want to vaccinate your kids, you will have to use alternative methods of educating them. You can find a private school that is willing to have a walking virus incubator attend, or you can teach them yourself at home. 




 Who, I ask you, who is getting such massive doses to allow that?

Kevin? 




 Okay. The problem at heart is "personal liberty". If you have a deeply held belief that you should not be vaccinated, who are they to tell you otherwise, right?

Well, personal freedom only extends to your own person. If your freely taken action brings harm to another, then you can not take that action.

The Libertarian school of thought states that such limitations should be as narrow as possible, and that interpretations of harm to others should be imminent and foreseeable. In that regard, your child not vaccinating and spreading a disease is *foreseeable*, but not imminent.

The Socialist school of thought is that limitations should be as broad as is necessary, and that harm be merely reasonable, and not imminent. It is reasonable to the average person that an unvaccinated child could become the vector for an outbreak, especially as it has happened recently.

Any good government must weigh both sides of this, and in their opinion (whether they are correct or not is a different matter) is that the protection of the people, as a whole, outweighs the risks to any one individual and the infringement of the usual right to personal freedom. 




 According to you.

Most people call any costuming "cosplay", partly because anyone who dresses up as a character is going to generally act like the character for pictures or among groups.

Those few who distinguish between them will generally draw the line at the dedication of the player. Buying a polyester, premade costume is just wearing a costume. Making or buying show-accurate or reimagined props and costumes is cosplay.  




 Actually, the difference between costuming and cosplay is more basic... did you make it or buy it?

If I go out to the Halloween store and buy a cheap Superman costume, it's just a costume.

If I hand make a detailed replica of the costume from Man of Steel, complete with padding to make me look as ripped as Superman, then I am cosplaying. 




 I don't believe you.  




 In all fairness, while Backpage can be used for legitimate transactions, akin to Craigslist, many sections are flooded with ~~prostitutes~~ escorts.

It doesn't matter if you are selling candy and sodas, if you sell crack from your store, it can be seized under the current laws.

Edit - I search through Backpage semi regularly to check for hooked using my hotel... the "legitimate escorts" who "only charge for time and not for sex" all have pictures that say shit like "these lips are magic". 









  Do you remember the time where they made you hold up signs as part of an Elementary class project?

 Yeah, easiest A I ever got. 




 Nazi Germany... 




 Children were definitely first. They had parental blocks and retarded filters to keep kids safe long before 9/11.

As a teen, I printed a copy of the Necronomicon in full color on the school computers, and we were going onto sexually explicit MUCKs during class... But we couldn't use the library computers to do research on Essex for history class (because it has the word "sex" in it) 




 You then lift the bowl to your nose, sniff it a bit, swirl the contents around and take a small spoonful into your mouth.

Feel the texture of the cereal, the mixture of flavors from the grains, berries, and milk, the cool feel under your tongue, and then expel the cereal into a second bowl.

One does not swallow at a refined cereal bar. 




 It helps people understand the particular biases of the newscasters, and thus reach more informed decisions about the news? 




 Christians have the religious liberty to not include gays in their religious ceremonies, including weddings

They do not have the religious liberty to discriminate against gays in *non-religious* circumstances, like catering or issuing civil marriage documents. 




 This is probably the correct reason. If they simply grew apart, and don't hate each other, it is better for children to have them keep up the happy farce than to separate messily. 




 The reason the Jerusalem Gate explanation is so prevalent is because people don't want to believe that God would be so cruel.

By giving an alternate possibility to the obvious, they make it tough, but plausible, for a camel to pass through the Eye, thus not impossible for a rich man to go to Heaven. 




 This guy's helmet saved him when he was sucked into a jet engine... so it isn't worthless. 




 Actually no. The only gate with the appalation "Eye of a Needle" (or anything similar) was built in the 16th Century, and was named for the allegorical understanding that you mention.

The idea of large animals passing through a needle's eye as a euphemism for impossibility was used in Jewish tradition long before Jesus's time.

The point of the story was to say "Do what I (Jesus) say, and follow God, and He will do the impossible for you." 




 It's the Appalachians that like rapin'.

They'll make ya squeal like a piggy. 




 And spends most of his time picking at your clothes? 




 Bullshit, doctors don't care about the abbreviations their newfound diseases will create. 




 Damn it, Gary! Stop opening the Ark! 




 Mr. Joshua was a favorite character of his for me.  




 If I were more interested in cheating, I might have been a Slytherin. 




 And when he put on that ring. 




 If I were to make such a bot, it would check for such image links, and then send a private message to me directly. I would see the notification, but no one else will. It'd be foolproof.

But it would still be cheating. 




 She's just going down at the pub for another beer.  




 Baconreader worked fine.  




 Okay... I'm gonna come out and say it.

If they are basically stating that they will accept girls who are girls, girls who are boys, and boys who are girls, why not drop the pretext of being a girl's organization and allow boys who are boys to join? 

After all, the Boy Scouts still might not be a viable option for some, as atheists are not 100% welcome there.  




 I would call it extremely likely that life formed on another planet in the same, or similar, fashion.

But it is extremely unlikely that it would result in human-compatible aliens.

Some things may or may not be inevitable, such as bipedal movement, but things like human skin color, hair patterns, and such are probably optional, even in intelligent species.

For example, elephants on earth evolved their noses to be able to grasp and manipulate objects while maintaining their mass and quadrapedal movement. The same thing could happen on a different planet.  




 http://powerrangers.wikia.com/wiki/Shurikenjin_Dino#Shurikenjin_Dino 




 Well, yeah... It's a dollar, plus. 




 Well, they could have had a moveable wall facing out toward the audience for the "concierge" to interact with Max and Leo. They could then set up the roof scene behind the wall at leisure.

Max and Leo walk "into" the building, and the wall slides over to the side and acts as the roof access door. 




 He tried hard to work it into the stage show, but that brings to mind the question... Why couldn't he have gotten it in? 









 That racist motherfucker had some points, huh? 




 That *is* always a possibility. 




 Mildly funny, but honestly... the only purpose of the scene was to tell Max and Leo that Franz was on the roof. I can see why it was cut. 




 I think I understand what he/she was going at...

One of the big arguments in the gay community is that homosexuality is not a learned behavior, but a hard-coded preference. That men don't *choose* to like men, they just do.

The gay man in the argument said, "Who I choose to marry is none of your business." (I'm cleaning up the language because it isn't being told by a reliable narrator anyway.)

The bigot then has an a-ha moment, "But gay isn't a choice! So can you or can't you choose to be gay?"

The logic is there, if *and only if* you conflate the loving of a particular man with the loving of men in general. 




 Wow. Just wow. 




 Maybe my "problem" is that I've never seen the play. 




 What did you particularly find "stinky" about the film? 




 Honestly, I don't really like the original Producers. Maybe it's because I saw the Lane/Broderick film first, but the original just feels... unpolished.

Because the script underwent innumerable changes over the decades on stage, it cut out much of the less funny humor, expanded the roles for the more minor characters, and fleshed out the meta-show aspects. 




 But *Mel* was the stand-in for Palpatine... President Skroob. 




 There is a nostalgia filter at play.

They knew each other, confided in one another. One doesn't always like your friend's actions, but you will still hopefully trust them to have your back.

Up until the Clones turned on the Jedi, and Vader began killing younglings, Obi-Wan fully thought of Anakin as a brother. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMJnWrKQeqY 




 Janosh was a trip to watch. Much better than the Keymaster. 




 What if I told you that the 30 or so spin-off series was *exactly* what Power Rangers was supposed to be? 




 He *was* a good friend. Obi-Wan and Anakin were very close with each other. Considering the fact that Obi-Wan had referred to Anakin as a separate person than Vader, it is possible that he chose to remember them as different entities. 




 http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/familyguy/images/5/5e/Jedi1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20091021024120 




 That's true, but I'm not going to dance inside a volcano just to grab a steak. 

If these were aliens that came to Earth to invade, they would have noted that the land was 90% incompatible to their lives... 75% of the land is covered in liquid water of varying salinity, and across most of the land, water falls from the sky.

But, going with the "demons" theory, and the idea that the little girl was creating and stashing holy water around the house (as opposed to it being simple human water), then it would explain why they are on *this* planet to begin with. 




 Since each file has its own key, they each have their own encryption. Thus, the file can be traced. 




 Actually, it was images like the one above that always felt dated to me.

The all capital lettering, the full-sized visible cursor, the "futuristic" font that we would never use today (which is after Judgement Day) unless we were referencing this movie...

But "dating" a movie isn't always a bad thing. 




 Seriously, with all of the unique architecture around the rides and attractions (Main Street, the Matterhorn, EPCOT Center, Haunted Mansion) and overhead views from the Monorail, there is so much to photograph that they can't expect to only allow official photographs. 




 I think he's reading to far into it...

Now it is was titled "Sexual Orient-ation", then it would be punny. 




 I'm 100% pure ground beef, I'll have you know. 




 [This article](http://www.ushistory.org/us/21e.asp) gives a quick and dirty idea of what was going on.

Britain was wildly interfering with American independence by way of naval blockades and forts within American Territories where they armed Native fighters against us. When Madison declared war in 1812, it was to gain economic freedom to trade and deal with other countries.

And we very nearly lost, if it weren't for important rallying points, like Baltimore and New Orleans. Granted the effects of a loss may not have ultimately included direct subjugation, but we still would have been largely dependent on the British Empire. 




 Clue 1 - Will hire without so much as a phone interview.

Clue 2 - "I'm out of the country on business"

Clue 3 - pay offered is far too high for the work they are having you do. 




 Yes. If he sends anything by mail, report to the Postmaster General. In any case, you can report to your local FTC or FBI offices. 




 World War II was very much a joint effort on both sides. Without the support of favored countries, Germany would have lost fairly quickly, and without help from the Americans, British, and French Resistance, the Soviets would have at best fought Hitler to a standstill.

So, yes. England won that war just as much as America or Russia did. 




 We fired our cannon until the barrel melted down, so we grabbed an alligator and we fought another round.

We filled his head with cannonballs and powdered his behind, and when we touched the powder off, the gator lost his mind.  




 Many scholars refer to the War of 1812 as "The Second Revolutionary War", because if we had lost, we would have become British colonies once again. 




 That was a battle, not a war.

There is a huge difference.  




 Britain was the 'MURICA time forgot. 




 You can thank us for that popcorn feast later.

'MURICA! 




 I thought it was a canned ham by-product meal. 




 Well, that escalated quickly. 




 Except for one. 




 It seems like it is a real word, synonymous with allegory, but I can not find the etymology of it. 




 Okay, are these the *actual* complaints the police have about this reform bill?

Because I think requiring consent to a search (or a duly issued warrant) is a good thing.

Choke holds are illegal, so they *should* be imprisoned for using them.

And it shouldn't even be a *question* on whether they give the number for the complaints. Why is it that I'm allowed to complain to McDonald's because my hamburger didn't have enough pickles, but we have to jump through hoops to complain about heavy-handed police tactics? 




 Told about it by a friend.  




 It isn't that the wedding is the day they arrive, the cheap, lazy fucks don't want to pay to come a day early. 




 Personally? I don't change my profile pic regularly at all. So, no rainbow version...

If I change it, it'll be to something I can live with for a while without getting bored... or craving skittles. 




 If they say, "I'm happy that gays can get married now. They deserve it," then they are probably straight.

If they say, "homosexuality is a sin," they're probably gay. 




 Seriously, why are all the wedding parties scheduled for 3 PM? 




 I'm very partial to that one as well, along with Suteki Da Ne, from FFX. 




 No, [this](http://earnthis.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/montage_retourfutur.png) is an old reference. 




 I've... actually never seen Good Will Hunting. 




 Comic relief? 




 Sheldon: Today, our guest will be a colleague of mine, Barry Kripke.

Kripke: Hey, Shewdon. I've weawwy enjoyed youw sewies so faw. I'm actuawwy vewy intewested in the fiewd of vexiwowogy.

Sheldon: I'm glad to hear that, Barry. And I understand you have a different kind of flag to show today.

Kripke: That's cowwect. Whiwe peopwe awe most famiwiaw with fwags of countwies and othew geopowiticaw systems, fwags can awso be used as a standawd fow powiticaw and sociaw ideawogies.

Sheldon: That's very astute. These are commonly seen at protests with large memberships.

Kripke: This fwag wecentwy was featuwed in the news wepowts at Kanye West's watest concewt. 

*Kripke begins unfolding flag, slightly off screen. Sheldon watches as the flag reveals a woman's head*

Sheldon: GOOD LORD!!

*Sheldon switches off the camera.* 




 You forgot to plug a Super Nintendo controller into the port and play it that way. 




 Actually... as a fan of Harry Potter, GTA, and Law and Order, I could get into this. 




 Go-Busters was fun, and had some interestingly serious parts interspersed. If OP doesn't know, they are a special ops team trying to save the world from an interdimensional threat caused by their parents. The comedy is mostly from their "weaknesses" and their Extra Members.

ToQger is a celebration of silliness with powers deriving from imagination.  




 If you have seen Zyuranger and Kyoryuger, then pick up Abarenger and Go-Busters, then you'll be ready for Kyuryuger vs Go-Busters: The Movie (Abarenger is mostly optional, as they aren't as prevalent as the two titled Sentai). 




 Dog monster?  




 Kemomimi, not anthro.

Most anthro is generally considered furry, though. 
























 I... don't remember what my GPA was.

I did reasonably well, but failed a couple of classes from not caring. Still graduated on time. 




 Thanks for the feedback. The hobby beads caught my eye, but I wouldn't want to spend too much money on a less profitable system. 




 That is included in those prices.

I did a test pattern using a picture I had lying around, the order would have cost $17.95, including shipping, so I'd have to charge at least $20 to make it worth it.

A $15 price point would only be viable if I plan and order for batches of products (occasionally, I wouldn't have to buy new beads because I'd have some left over from other projects).

Basically, would you be willing to pay more for the higher quality images available from PH? 




 At this point, if the game doesn't include a way for players to make real money by playing, reward the best players with Lamborghinis, and physically reach out of the computer to give you a blow job, then I don't think it can ever live up to the hype. 




 It reminds me a little of the Buffy theme (which was awesome) 




 Hell, there are people who never played HL2 making HL3 jokes... why? Because we're all sure it isn't coming. 




 That's He3. 




 First rule of Half-Life 3.

You do not talk about Half-Life 3. 




 Honestly... a guy having sex with children angers me.

A guy jerking off while he rubs himself with piss and noms on shit makes me want to puke... and then I fear that would turn him on more.

Being angry that some illegal things are called fetishes is like being angry that Mormonism is called a religion. 




 I have experience with the RPG Maker system, but no finished projects... I think I get bored too easily. 




 A fetish simply means a sexual proclivity towards something. 

BDSM is a domination fetish. Bestiality is an animal fetish. Pedophilia is a child fetish.

Out of those, two are illegal. And there are more fetishes out there. There are foot fetishists, and people who are only turned on by cellulite... plush fetishes, exhibition, voyeurism, even people turned on by poop.

Fetishes are a many - varied thing, but some of them are legal, and some aren't  (nor should they be) 




 In many countries, dog meat is incredibly frowned upon. To the point where eating pets is basically a racial joke. 




 Well, we know she did it for 2-3 years... 




 Por que no los dos?

Fetishes don't necessarily imply legality. 




 Doesn't even need to be multiple dogs.

Scenario - Teenage girl, alone in the house with dog. Dog decides to hump her leg, because he's a dog. Girl gets idea, realizes that daddy won't be home until later... ???... profit! 




 2D girlfriends are the best. 




 Yeah, when your choices are cousins fucking and the cumbox, you don't really find two people having a sexual relationship disgusting. 




 How do people even remember stuff like that? 




 Don't worry too much, it was a throwaway line from the very beginning of the series. A funny line, but not one designed to be memorable, and certainly not intended to be used to make a rule on an internet forum over a decade later. 




 We should only post Owls on Sunday. 




 I wonder how many of the tattoos are fake. 




 Pros - More colors, no ironing/misfiring, higher definition

Cons - Higher cost per bead (assuming larger purchasing amounts, $0.35/135 beads vs. $2/1000), boards are not reusable, pattern sizes are less flexible.

Because I have unsteady hands, I find it troublesome to iron pieces, making PH very attractive, but I fear that the higher cost is a turn-off to buyers. What do you think is more appropriate/appealing?

[Example of Pixel Hobby](http://kasiulai.lt/images/801001.png) - 1 panel + 2000 beads for about $15-20 (including time). Approx 4"x5"

[Example of Perler Beads](http://img13.deviantart.net/968a/i/2013/208/d/3/nyan_cat_perler_bead_by_kittyespeon-d6ffzp3.jpg) ~700 beads, $5-10 (including time). Approx 2.5"x 8"

If I switch systems, I'll be happy to sell off my existing Perler stock (for a good rate). 




 I like Rachel out of the three that loaded. She's a leading lady, so there has to be some attractiveness about her. 




 Superman still looks exactly like Christopher Reeve... But if they were going for "every actor who played the role", they forgot to add in George Reeves. 




 Weren't there a lot of people that paid well for it? 




 The reason why they do this is because they get far more from concerts, including the merchandising, than they do from piddly little CD sales. 




 Oh yeah. That's hot. 




 He's got some 'splaining to do. 




 The guy above this one publicly stated that his products were utter chap, and lost his jewelry company 500,000,000 Pounds overnight. 




  I'm sure they would've had no problems swapping.

*Maybe* they would have been okay swapping.

If there are entitled losers, and not people with a legitimate issue, then they'd be pissed off for your asking. 




 That's clearly a "bored now" face. 




 It has to, it has change in the name. 




 Technically, they are. While some consider them a new overall religion, as opposed to a branch of Christianity, their core belief is in the divinity of Jesus, the son of God.

But, if it makes you feel any better, you can replace it in the example with Catholic, Baptist, Methodist, or whichever you prefer. 




 Invisible sky god who imposes morality on humans that he, himself, doesn't follow generally seems made up to me.

But, I will say this. It is nigh impossible to proof a negative. It falls on the positive claim to prove they are truth. For example, if I told you I flew to the store today, would you believe me without my proof? Should you be forced to give proof that I never left the ground?

Therefore, you are challenged to prove the truth of the Quran, that it is more than simply a book. 




 Okay, so you're sorry.

Are you resigning yet? 




 No. According to the Quran, "There is no God but Allah, and Mohammad is his messenger."

Mohammad is simply a prophet, like Jesus and Elijah. It makes perfect sense for him to not write about himself much.

They worship Allah, they venerate Mohammad. 




 To put it simply, they believe in the historicity of Jesus, not the divinity of Jesus, making them technically an offshoot of Judaism (which also admits that Jesus was probably a real person) 




 Well, of course it's made up, but if he *actually was* a humble messenger of god (big if, there), then he would be more interested in writing about his predecessors than himself. 




 Giggity. 




 I know a way to settle that one... Does anyone know a Mormon we could ask, and see if *they* call themselves Christian?

Edit: A quick search reveals this...

Gordon B. Hinckley, prior President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (1995-2008), said:

We are Christians in a very real sense and that is coming to be more and more widely recognized. Once upon a time people everywhere said we are not Christians. They have come to recognize that we are, and that we have a very vital and dynamic religion based on the teachings of Jesus Christ. We, of course, accept Jesus Christ as our Leader, our King, our Savior...the dominant figure in the history of the world, the only perfect Man who ever walked the earth, the living Son of the living God. He is our Savior and our Redeemer through whose atoning sacrifice has come the opportunity of eternal life. Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints pray and worship in the name of Jesus Christ. He is the center of our faith and the head of our Church. The Book of Mormon is Another Testament of Jesus Christ and witnesses of His divinity, His life, and His Atonement. 




 It definitely seems like they are trying to confuse the hell out of us on that aspect. 




 The virus was attacking the infrastructure before the T-X appeared.

Skynet created the virus during a time when it was only being put online for learning, and used it as a way to wreak havoc on human computing systems and force them to put the mainframe online.

At least, that's the wiki's explanation for what happened.

Time travel is so fucked up... But it wasn't the T-X's doing, for sure. 




 I will neither confirm nor deny this. 




 It's still an ignorant thing to say. 




 Yeah, she was so mad that she didn't spell my name right when it was looking her in the face. 




 They are still considered Christian, because they still believe in Jesus. They just think he did more after he left Israel. 




 I'm starting to think I'm not cut out for this game. 




 It's just an asterisk, I don't see anything. Even with the error analysis tool used to analyze the first image. 




 So, where does "koala" fit in? 




 [](/colgatenoidea) I'm starting to think I've been lied to all my life, and I'm actually an idiot... 




 Can I get an explanation for this? Because I don't even understand this. 




 No, we apparently don't.

I mean, your hints were "the Steg's back" (meaning that he has returned, not to look at the back of the dinosaur) and "the method is hidden in the picture" which is a pretty bad "major hint" because we could have guessed the method was somewhere in the picture.

I get that I'm new here, and still haven't really gotten into this yet, but... we didn't even know you were looking for text until you told us. 




 Left Right Right Left Down Right Down? 




 I'm assuming you mean 22 scales on his back. 




 Is that second hint blank? 




 -22/35? 




 -13? 




 Dumbledore is killed by Snape, Rosebud was his sled, Norman Bates was his mother, Cloud wasn't really in SOLDIER, Bruce Willis was dead all along, and Taylor was on Earth the whole time. 




 It was the first one of those I saw, so there you go...

I only gave it the first time. 




 That abysmal team defeated their other opponents handily, including soccer powerhouses in Australia and England.

They earned the spot, but they simply are fighting uphill for the Americans. 




 That was in terrible taste... take an upvote. 




 GOALLLLLLLL x2! 




 A broken clock is right twice a day. 









 It was an early start, and a proof-of-concept 




 An important distinction...

Sending someone to prison, the guards are *supposed* to be keeping the prisoners safe from each other. Largely, they have failed in that, but the reform should be to fix the prison system (primarily by fixing the problem of sending too many people into prison), and not by trying to claim that prison is cruel punishment. 




 But it would still be cruel, and thus against the constitution.

It would have to be fought in the courts, but it would certainly be ruled in violation, because it is needlessly and maliciously violent. 




 Number 57 will blow your mind! 




  Usual things do not shock the sensibilities of a normal person.

That's right, so what happens if the average person thinks that disemboweling is appropriate for child rapists?

Does that mean we should equip prisons with gutting stations? No, because such punishment is needlessly cruel, even if the average person is okay with it. 




 Yeah, I caught it after the refresh.  




 Okay... some of these are just blowing my mind, and I thought I was smart...

I don't see a question to be answered. 




 Wrong.

Cruelty, as stated before, requires a malicious intent. So a punishment that might shock the sensibilities of a normal man, but was created unintentionally is unusual, but not cruel.

Most of the time, such infractions are both cruel and unusual, but the amendment covers both.

You would not want it to be otherwise, if the sensibilities of the nation were to change to be okay with torturing prisoners again. 




 The confusion you are having is not with *my* language, but the language of the Amendment... "cruel and unusual punishment"

While it can be construed as only applying to such acts that are both cruel and unusual, it was obviously intended by the founders to prohibit either and both at once.

Thus, we have to legally define cruelty as well as unusuality in regard to punishment.

Since cruelty is primarily concerned with malicious intent, and incarceration is primarily concerned with protecting the innocent from the guilty, there is no cruelty simply borne from incarceration.

As for unusual punishment, incarceration generally does not shock the sensibilities of people, as it is reasonable to remove such persons from society. Plus, incarceration can be reversed and remedied, something that can not be done with death, dismemberment, or torture. 




 Blame it on the English language. 




 Okay, let's go with the italicized definition, instead of the more appropriate explanation.

 cruelty - The deliberate and malicious infliction of mental or physical pain upon persons or animals.

The same portion of "cruel and unusual punishment" *was* the part that I copied before. Nice try.

For "cruelty" to apply to judicial punishment, there needs to be deliberate harm and malicious intent.

For that definition, and is exclusive. English is funny that way.

If you cut off my leg with a hacksaw, for no reason but because you hate me, that demonstrates malice (evil intent) and deliberate action. It is assumed that if you have malicious intent, then you are deliberately acting.

However, if you cut off my leg with a hacksaw because we are climbing in the Alps and my leg is hopelessly pinned, then there is no malicious intent... it was a medical necessity.

Going back to the issue of incarceration of criminals, there is deliberate harm in locking a person up for longer than his child is in school, but there is no malicious intent. He is locked up because he needed to be separated from society.  




 No. Technically I am saying that both guns and drugs are illegal in a school zone. 




 Is the poem in klingon? 




 It depends on the bank. But for a scammer, it is better to be safe than sorry. 




 I can tell that it isn't about the man. The image is edited from a stock photo used on a women's blog.

The poem is unreadable, though, using the limited editing functions on my phone.

I've been able to get the lettering of the poem visible, but it is too mangled to make out more than a few letters, and it seems that it is encoded to boot. (I see capital letters in the middle and end of words.) 




 He can still overdraw your account, putting you on the hook for a charge and an overdraft fee. 




 You see, when the show was canceled for the 15th time, Nibbler interfered with the development of Netflix's Futurama development so the seasons would show differently. In so doing, he created millions of Fabled Ones, who lack the Delta Brain Wave.

He called them, "Television Viewers" 




 Oddly enough, if you hyperoxygenate water, like they did in Abyss, it may be possible to breath it like air, though maybe not. The problem is keeping the fluid oxygenated properly, and the fact that lungs might not work at efficiency with a liquid.

Most certainly, it would not be of great advantage to develop,  as opposed to creating better air-breathing apparatuses.  




 In terms of actual practicality? Only for *extremely* fine adjustments to a satellite dish, probably.

Ultimately, there will be no real use for it. It's just to see how small he could make it. 




  What law are you quoting?

I wasn't quoting a particular law. I was stating a fact. You can not bring guns. You can not bring drugs. You can not bring guns and drugs.

The fact is **and** does not always mean *both*, it also means *either or both*, depending on context 




 Okay, first off to ensure that you are not conflating the definitions...

 **cruelty** - As applied to people, cruelty encompasses abusive, outrageous, and inhumane treatment that results in the wanton and unnecessary infliction of suffering upon the body or mind.

By this definition, locking a criminal away (a necessary action) is *not* legal cruelty.

The more appropriate definition...

 **cruel and unusual punishment** - Such punishment as would amount to torture or barbarity, any cruel and degrading punishment not known to the Common Law, **or** any fine, penalty, confinement, or treatment that is so disproportionate to the offense as to shock the moral sense of the community.

As you can see here, locking a criminal away for a reasonable length of time is not prohibited, because it is neither cruel (it is not torturous to remove a criminal from society), and it is not unusual if the length of time is reasonable. 




 It's a pretty common turn of phrase.

It means to be pierced, usually through the torso, by a bladed instrument, in such a manner that the blade has run all the way through the body. 




 Okay, what I see is a drawing of an extremely dysfunctional couple, holding knives on each other.

The woman holds the knife demurely, the man holds the knife with strength.

In both cases, if they pull away unexpectedly, they will die.

On one hand, it is a misguided sign of trust, they do not think that the other will harm them, and so they do not push away the other knife.

On the other hand, it is a sign of control. Each of them goes behind the back of the other and prevents them from leaving.

The one thing not present in this composition is "true love". 




 Smoking weed in a small room with children? I'd have called child welfare. 




 That's "What, What, In The Butt", sir. 




 If they are willing to fuck over the people that willingly worked their website for free, what do you think they feel about the trogldytes that sit there and mindlessly give others Gold for comments that bash Reddit? 




 Because we have sooooo much respect for Ellen Pao. 




 You mean the same documentary that was shown on HBO? 




 Okay, let me try to put it this way.

You are prohibited from bringing drugs and firearms onto a schoolyard.

Does that mean that one can bring drugs, as long as they don't have a handgun? Or that they can bring a gun, as long as they don't have crack? No.

They are prohibited from bringing both or either. 




 Is it cruel to do that to a man who stole money from a charity, or killed a man, or kidnapped a child for sexual intent?

I'd say it wouldn't be. 




 I would classify pot as habit forming, and not addictive.

Yes, you can generally quit any time you want without going through painful withdrawal, but there is still an aspect of pot use that makes it hard for people to walk away from.

Maybe the withdrawal is simply different from what most people consider for drug use, but there are people who are addicted to the way pot makes them feel, and don't want to give up that feeling. 




 In legal larleyence, "cruel" means that your punishment is unnecessarily harsh.

A life sentence for a small amount of pot is cruel. A life sentence for orchestrating a dozen murders is not.

It can be considered cruel to the average person to keep someone separated from society, but legal cruelty was envisioned as unnecessarily harsh punishment. 




 That was the way the founding fathers envisioned that protection.

The Rack? Cruel and Unusual. Medieval torture devices are completely out of favor.

Life imprisonment for 3 Oz of weed? Cruel. The punishment should fit the crime, and having an unnecessarily long sentence is just there to make a harsh punishment.

Sentencing a rapist to have his feet licked by puppies for 3 months? Unusual. While it isn't cruel (to the criminal, it's a little cruel to the puppies), it is very unusual, and thus is unconstitutional.   




 The signed cards are incredibly rare. For the theme decks, I don't know the ratio (I could crack open a case of KLK decks and see if I got a signed card, but I think it's less chance than 1:18)

In general, the signed cards will go $40-80 in the right circles, some unpopular ones will be $10-20, and some older cards will be more. 




 And here's Cap punching Hitler a lot. 

https://youtu.be/DxRKwKJI_uI 




 It sounds low for sure, but as a 5'11" guy, I simply remember the taller people more than the shorter.

Though, I will state that the 14% figure might include women, who are statistically shorter than men.

The sad part is, for that girl that said she would *never* sleep with [a guy under 6'...](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/03/19/26C8D86100000578-3001454-image-a-7_1426724405058.jpg) 




 I think he is referencing the idea of young men masturbating as "gross". 




 I think that until we find actual silicon or ammonia based life, we can't discount the possibility that such non-carbon life doesn't exist. 




 Because they are trained monkeys who think of Reddit Gold as a massive upvote, and not as a revenue builder for Reddit. 




 I'll never forgive Ward for that. 




 Where is he going to find Sarah Jessica Parker at this time if night? 




 Comedy central has been really shitty about commercials lately, compressing shows so they don't follow the 30 minute format.

They do this so they can add more commercials, increasing revenue, while showing less actual shows, decreasing cost.

I can see them cutting "inconsequential" lines as part of that. 




 Many people accidentally create a ponzi scheme without realizing it. They don't realize that their system relies solely on new investors, and can not survive if they promise higher returns without them.

At least with the changes I outlined, they can avoid that trap, by segregating the investors from the projects. 




 Simple. Unless you have to, don't say you are a soldier. 




 Well, assuming F Society is real, then they named themselves after the building. Perhaps they (stupidly) feel that no one would be able to track them down using that clue.

But you are correct that it is more likely that the whole group is in his head. 




 I'll take "Shitty Internet Decisions" for $500, Alex. 




 Clearly. I don't like to levy such an accusation  (who am I kidding, I do), but without appropriate changes to the platform, this system has Pyramid written all over it.

Now, what can be done is to limit the campaigns to a window of time, and all donations to the system get split among active programs.

Have the length of time be 1 day, plus 1 day for an uploaded video, plus 1 day for promised stretch goals. Up to 3 days at a time.

The system has 99 slots (so each project gets 1 cent per dollar, with 1 cent going to the platform), and when one program expires, the next one on the list comes up.

A 1 year timeframe in that scenario can give funding to 12-36,000 projects without expanding. 




 T'pao 




 That would be Backpage 




 It is private, but it is not shut down.

You have to be invited, generally that happens when you are given gold for an intelligent or enciteful comment, instead of just buying it yourself.  




 Very possible. She was a very large snake. 




 I don't want to live on this planet anymore. 




 And I said, YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! 




 They could easily create a body tracker that connects using Bluetooth and can be programmed to operate on any part of the body. (Finger, hand, wrist, elbow, shoulder, neck, chest, waist, hip, knee, ankle, foot, or toes). The more sensors you have on you, the more accurate the tracking. 




 Voat.co

They are having a little downtime though, because Reddit's drama is flooding them. 




 I have the strange feeling that I'll hit 100k comment karma, and reddit will die before I get my invite to the /r/CenturyClub. 




 /r/reallounge is better than /r/lounge anyway. 




 Half of the ads are "thank you for not using adblock, here is a silly moose" 




 That's what troping is.

Mind you, no one thinks Tropes, like Plot Armor, are a bad thing. It is just a way of identifying story elements. 




 Dude, it's a Trope. Get over it.

Plot Armor is the way you answer questions, such as "How the hell did Indy survive a nuclear blast by hiding in a fridge?" 




 Okay... so, what happens when new people stop coming into Enchain?

At $1.29/$4, it takes 3 or 4 donations to match your own.

By the time the first project is "funded" ($4), 4 people are in queue waiting for $4 each. A total of $16.

It would take an additional 12 donations to match those 4 projects, requiring $48 to fund everyone.

Eventually, you would get to a point where millions of projects are in the queue, unless you include a time limit to submit a project or include an option to fund without reciprocity. 




 The difference between it is when the character is put into dangerous scenarios, and survives *simply* because the plot demands it. Like a small team of 4 people blasting their way through a moon-sized space station with millions of guards shooting at them, and them alone... and the only guy that dies is the one that got into a swordfight with The Dragon.  




 It is a perfect name for a small animal. It is a word meaning something small or petty. 




 It is a term for when a character other than the main character survives a scenario because the author demands him to appear later.

Jo killed off many important minor characters, but she couldn't allow Hagrid to die, because he had to carry Harry's lifeless body at the end of the series.

The opposite of that trope is "Doomed By Canon", where a character has to die because of the story, like Thomas and Martha Wayne. 




 That was not an ordinary snake.

Arthur was in the hospital for weeks because the wounds stayed magically open. They even tried stitches.

Because Nagini was a horcrux, her venom was magically magnified, just like the other horcruxes had their powers amplified.

The Cup and Diadem we never see in action.

The Diary gains an intelligence and talks back to the user.

The Locket holds itself shut unless spoken to in Parseltounge.

The Ring, which contained the Resurrection Stone, brought Death to the wearer.

Nagini caused wounds that do not heal quickly enough to survive (Arthur was kept alive long enough for the venom to work its way out).

Harry's connection to Voldemort was strengthened to a form of ESP. 




 There's nothing dangerous about Blast-Ended Skrewts! 
























