




 Building 7 































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Its just a question of being smart and not inviting trouble. i used the strap on my camera to attach it to my forearm for safety, but its more important just to not draw attention to yourself or invite unwanted trouble. If you look like a tourist, you are a target. If you look like a seasoned travel without a penny to your name, people ignore you. Just don't make it obvious you own valuable things! 




 That is generally the rule, but I actually really like Kathmandu! I was followed by a drug dealer (they are depressingly common in the sub-continent) and I'm sure the intention was to rob me as westerners are generally assumed to be rich wherever you go! 




 Thank you!  




 Networking with other travellers is easy, in generally most travellers eat and sleep in the same places and are usually very willing to chat to new people and share stories, experiences or advice! Most international travellers use English as a common language, so it helps if you are fluent!

Do you mean you are from South-East Asia, or you want to travel South-East Asia? I've tried my best to give good advice on most things in this thread, have a read of some of my comments, I hope they help! Feel free to ask any other questions though, I am happy to share advice with others who want to see more of the world! :) 




 haha, agreed! I have tried food from all over this world and New York Pizzas do kick ass!! They don't quite measure up to Cambodian chicken sandwiches though! France is probably slightly cheaper than the UK, both are expensive but France is nicer. Both the English and the French are rude as a rule, so watch out! Thats party why I moved to New Zealand, the people are actually friendly here!! 




 Thanks! You don't need to worry too much about travelling if you are a young woman though, I answered another couple of questions along those lines. Basically it is safe in most parts of the world to travel solo as a woman, in some places though you should be a little more mindful of how you dress, i.e minimum bare skin and nothing tight fitting or revealing, and just be a bit more mindful about where you go (stick to crowded or busy places) and where you go at night. These are just basic safety precautions anyway, you just need to pay a little extra attention if you are a woman. Lots of young women do travel solo though, so don't rule it out! 

Happy travels! :) 




 [Here is a link!](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14dbv0/i_travelled_around_the_entire_world_solo_when_i/)

I hope you find it useful, I am happy to offer advice to anyone planning some travel! 









 Thanks for the tip about the subreddits! I have answered lots of questions about what you want to do, read a few of my comments and that should answer most of your questions! I am happy to offer advice though! South East Asia is a good call, check out Thailand, Cambodia and Viet Nam. They can all be done on a budget but be warned, there is quite a bit of poverty, especially in Cambodia and the touts are sometimes quite aggressive, so it is not for the faint hearted.

Your parents are justified and right to be worried, it is a big deal! I am extremely grateful to my parents for supporting me and trusting me to have the brains and the balls to pull it off. World travel is not for everyone, you need to be an independent, self-aware person but you learn that while travelling. It is normal to feel overwhelmed at the start of a journey or trip, so watch out for that! Your parents are right to worry and you should be glad they do, they just need to be able to trust to you be smart and brave. 




 Depends where you are. If you're European then see more or Europe, if you are American or Canadian, go to New Zealand or the European mainland! If you are adventurous go to Thailand or Viet Nam! If you are reckless go to India!! 




 I travelled breifly accross America, I chose to spend my time and budget in Asia and New Zealand though. I went to New York and Los Angeles. I like New York and would go back. You couldn't pay me to go back to Los Angeles.

If you don't mind me saying, it is an unfortunate fact that a disproportionally low percentage of Americans bother with international travel, which is a shame. Of  course there is a lot to see in America, but more of your countryfolk should see more of the world, if you don't mind me saying! 




 No, sorry! If you think it would be worthwhile I could keep one next time! 




 It is worth seriously thinking about it! There are surprisingly good few reasons not to! If I could do it at 18 on such a small budget anyone can!! At least give it some serious thought, and I am happy to give advice! 




 No not really. You meet other travellers from all over the world all time and I made some great friends from all over the place! Obviously you miss your family and friends etc, but its totally worth it. Travelling alone does make you much more independent. 




 I didn't have one best place, I loved Wanaka New Zealand though, as well as Northern Viet Nam and Khumjung which is a tiny village deep in the Himalayas. The worst place I went was Los Angeles, easily, although New Delhi was no picnic. 




 One backpack is all you need. Just take a few changes of clothes and a medical kit, everything else is optional.

You are talking about 'inter-railing', you used to be able to get good prices but it is much more expensive these days, it depends on your budget. I never did europe by train so I don't know much about it, sorry! I got round most of Europe by flying, it can be done very cheap!  




 I haven't decided yet. I loved Asia so much I thought I might head back in that direction! 




 Nope! 




 Flights are the only expensive thing, but theres plenty of apps and websites and travel agents who can do you a good deal. Try the app Skyscanner if you have a smart phone. I personally wouldn't recommend the UK, but I am biased as I grew up there and just emigrated to New Zealand! Europe is awesome, lots and lots to see, but expensive. If you can afford it, try Italy, Germany, France and Norway. 




 I did it alone because it gave me much greater freedom and I didn't know anyone who wanted to go as far or travel as wide as I did!! Travelling alone gives you much more freedom, for example if you are bored of one town you can take a bus to wherever the hell you want, you don't have to get anyones agreement or permission. Besides, you meet so many people on the road I was never lonely for a second, and if you meet sufficiently cool people you can team up and travel with them for a while!

Make sure you pick a good travelling companion, time on the road can stress out even a close friendship! You need someone who understands and listens to your needs and above all will care about you if you are upset or ill. Expect arguments, don't let them ruin your travels!  




 I worked solidly from when I was 16 to just before I left just after I turned 18 




 1. The trip all told cost me around 6-7000 GBP

2. The trip lasted just over 9 months.

3. It depends where you want to go! I would hugely recommend New Zealand to anyone, it is as beautiful as it looks in LOTR films! I also loved Viet Nam and Laos. If you are a little more adventurous I would hugely recommend Nepal!

4. I have shared loads of tips in this thread, read a few comments. If you have any questions I haven't answered feel free to PM me!!

5. Meeting people really isn't difficult, I made some great friends with people from all over the world. Meeting fellow travellers is very easy as most tend to eat and sleep in the same places and all are keen to chat about shared experiences or share advice on where to go and not go. I also did my upmost to talk and help locals as much as I could, which is a lot more fun! I once spend an afternoon in Northern Viet Nam drinking Whiskey with a group of elderly men who couldn't speak a word of english, it was such a great laugh!!

6. I stayed in all sorts of places! stuck to hostels in western countries for the sake of my budget, in Asia guest houses are cheap and plentiful! I also stayed with locals in some places like Nepal, which was very cool! Staying safe is a matter of having the brains and the balls to avoid trouble and stand up for yourself if its unavoidable. I never got myself in too deep, I can look mean when I need to, which would have been hard to believe if you had known me before I left! You learn fast how to look after yourself when travelling alone, and it can be a very strange or seriously cool feeling knowing you are completely responsible for your own well being and no one on the same continent as you knows who you are or what your name is.

I hope this helps! If you have any other questions I am happy to answer them!! 




 I took as little as possible with me, in fact the thing that took up most room in my backpack was my medical kit! That is the most important thing, you will need bandages, malaria pills, rehydration sachets, more bandages, a good disinfectant like Iodine and some extra bandages. Other than that clothes(you don't need many, I took 2 pairs of shorts and 5 shirts), a good camera, a diary (writing a diary on the road is hugely rewarding, mine is now my most treasured possession) and a good book, which it is common practice to trade with other travellers once you have read it. 

I started planning simply by deciding that I definitely wanted to see the world and which bits of the world I wanted to see! I settled on a route that took me to New Zealand, South-East Asia and India. That was it for planning though, I deliberately didn't plan too much to give myself extra freedom to do what I like when I was there, best way to do it!

Travelling as a women isn't a problem, you can still go to most places without having to worry. There are a couple of extra considerations, like making sure you dress sensibly: Keep bare skin and tight fitting clothes to a minimum so as not to attract unwanted attention, and just pay extra attention to where you go after dark. This is being over-cautious to a degree, as almost everywhere is safe (or not abnormally unsafe) for women travellers, but maybe bare this in mind on the Indian sub-continent or Middle East. Also in many countries women are expected to dress modestly out of religious deference, but it always greatly got on my nerves when people looked down there noses at me for religious reasons.

If you want any more advice feel free to PM me! :) 




 I worked solidly from when I was 16 to when I was 18, it can be done very cheaply though if you shop around, the only things that cost any real money is flights and insurance (you **must** have insurance!!) I recommend South-East Asia if you haven't done much travelling before, its a lot of fun, theres plenty of other travellers and its cheap! 




 I stayed in all sorts of places, stuck to hostels while in western countries for the sake of my budget, but once in Asia guest houses are cheap and plentiful. In more remote places I stayed with locals, mostly in Nepal and India. Feel free to PM me! I am happy to give advice to people, I only got as far as I did thanks to the kindness and advice of others, so I am always happy to pay it forward! 




 Thank you, it certainly was an awesome experience, but instead of envying me, emulate me! If I can do it on such a small budget and at such an age, anyone can! Its is worth giving consideration to, and I would be happy to offer any advice! 




 It depends where you are. In many places giving gifts is considered a great compliment and a good way to repay a local for kindness shown. I gave all sorts of things as gifts, such as foreign currency, my photographs, my books and drawings I made while travelling. 




 My answer won't be what you expect, but the best meal I had on the road was a chicken sandwich and a sprite in Sihanoukville, Cambodia. I have no idea how they cook the chicken, but I have yet to have a tastier meal!! Kangaroo steak is also tasty, as is crocodile and yak meat. Do not eat snake, its disgusting!  




 Yes, I feel it changed me and my perspectives hugely. I was a much stronger, more independent man when I came back from travelling, all my old friends commented at one time or another how I had changed, apparently I had a stronger walk when I came home, which I was quite flattered by! I did gain a much better perspective on the world and what people can do to one another under certain circumstances. For me I reflected a lot on the nature of Capitalism and Religion, I won't rant about either but you certainly get a lot of perspective on both once you see enough of the world.

Plus I lost a ridiculous amount of weight, I barely existed by the time I got home! 




 It has been on my list for a long time, although it is slightly out of my budget. You should try Cambodia and Viet Nam! 




 I have several favourite experiences! Climbing through the Himalayas was incredible, Northern Viet Nam was also awesome, especially drinking with the locals who didn't speak a word of english! Travelling did change me enormously, I had a great deal more self respect when I got back and am much more independent now, plus being a lot more wise to how the world works in some places. You do look differently at western culture and capitalism after leaving it for an extended period of time! 




 I did try to do an AMA as an expat a few months ago but the mods deleted it! 

[Here is the New Zealand immigrations website](http://www.immigration.govt.nz/)

[Here is a list of employment areas they are currently seeking in New Zealand](http://www.newzealandnow.govt.nz/working-in-nz) 




 Nope! 




 roughing it just means eating basic food (you can eat very well in Asia on a minimal budget! The trick is to eat where the locals eat!) and basic accommodation. The cheapest room I stayed in was in Namche in Nepal, cost 50 ruppees, thats about 20 english pennies or 35 american cents. A little competition I sometimes played with fellow travellers was who had got the cheapest room. I always won! (I did tip extra when I left!)

I started in England and travelled to: USA, New Zealand, Australia, Thailand, Cambodia, Viet Nam, Laos, Thailand again, India, Nepal, India again, Doha, Italy, Vatican City, England 




 That was roughing it, but you can do some decent travelling on much less though! 




 It all came to around 7000 GBP, which isn't that bad considering. 

There were many times when I felt at risk, I injured myself in many crazy ways (falling off motorbikes   skateboards) I also swam with sharks and poisonous jellyfish (without meaning to, and came within 2 feet of a 12 foot Nurse Shark, no cages, nothing) I saw dead bodies in India with needles still in their arms and was followed by a drug dealer in Kathmandu, but the only place I genuinely feared for my life was when I got lost in Los Angeles at night. 




 I alright thanks 




 I was never bored! I explored wherever I was, read lots, met fellow travellers and locals etc. I would occasionally team up with other travellers to travel with for a while, sometimes I would deliberately stray off the beaten track! 




 Where are you going, where are you from? I actually wouldn't mind a travelling companion this time around, private message me if your interested! I will most likely be heading to South East Asia again or maybe India! 




 Thank you, I don't know you either but you just made me smile! 




 Not a huge amount of trouble. I broke a bone in my foot and added several scars to my skin, I also ended up in hospital in Laos but never had any legal trouble. I nearly got attacked in Kathmandu but I can look scary when I need to 




 I emigrated as I really loved the country and didn't see a future for me in England! Google 'WWOOF New Zealand', the idea is you work for anyone (usually farm owners etc) in exchange for food and shelter. Great if your low on cash and an excellent way to meet very cool people! I actually originally came here on a working holiday visa myself, although I used WWOOF rather than get paid work, as if you get a job somewhere you still have to pay for somewhere to live and food etc. I live in Wellington and there are plenty of jobs about though, useful websites are [seek](http://www.seek.co.nz/) or [trademe](http://www.trademe.co.nz/jobs) 




 What I did depended on where I was and how I was feeling. Sometimes I would team up with other travellers, sometimes I would deliberately go off the beaten track. I made a habit of talking to locals as much as I could wherever I was and made some good friends from all over the world! I would usually stay in a place 2 or 3 nights until I got restless then ask other travellers or locals where they recommend I go next, its a cool way to live! To counter culture-shock or homesickness I would usually try to eat western food about twice a week and kept in touch by email with people at home. I got hooked on chicken sandwiches in South-East Asia, I have no idea how they cook them but I have yet to have a meal that tastes better than a chicken sandwich in Cambodia!!

Yes I am from England originally, but I live in New Zealand now. Are you American or Canadian? My advice before going to London would be to abandon any romantic ideas about the place, its hardly a land of fairytales! I never liked going to London, although there are a few places worth seeing, like the museums and Tower of London etc. My advice would be to see a bit of England outside London, I grew up in the countryside in a county called Norfolk, I recommend it! Stephen Fry is also from Norfolk! 




 My parents were actually very supportive, for which I am hugely grateful! Theres not many parents that would let there kids hit the road on their own (and in all fairness, its not something anyone can do), but my parents trusted me to have the brains and the balls to get it done and supported me throughout, for which I am grateful beyond words. 




 If you ever go to Thailand, watch out! Not all is as it seems... 




 I worked pretty much solidly from as soon as I was 16 until just before I left when I was 18. All told the trip cost around about 7000 GBP. It can be done a lot cheaper though, you could travel South East Asia on a shoestring budget without much trouble, as well as India, although prepare for serious culture shock! The only expensive things are flights and travel insurance (you have to have travel insurance!!) but you can get good deals on both if you shop around! 




 Thanks! What sort of non-touristy things? 




 Haha, cheers! I deliberately didn't plan ahead so I could move as freely as possible, stayed for about 3 months in New Zealand, then about a month a piece for everywhere I went in Asia. I would stay in one town or city for 2 or 3 days, then ask other travellers where they recommend I go next! 




 Ah brilliant, good tip! I have been researching doing a trans-siberian rail journey, and have always wanted to visit Ulaan Bataar! Any advice you could give me would be very much appreciated!! 




 I went travelling after leaving college (I'm english, college means something else in America) then went to University afterwards. I've just finished uni.

Yes travelling does pretty much force you to grow up fast, especially if you are travelling alone. It is a strange feeling knowing you are entirely responsible for your own well being and that no one on the same continent as you knows your name or who you are. I became extremely independent and had a great deal more self respect when I got home. People said I had a different, stronger walk when I came home, which I found quite flattering! I suppose world travel does look good to a perspective employer, shows that you are a very organised, self-reliant person. I've never really thought about it from that perspective!

My parents were actually really supportive, which I am hugely grateful for! I know many parents wouldn't dream of letting their child loose on the streets of Asia alone, but my parents trusted me to have the common sense and balls to pull it off. I cannot put into words how grateful I am to them for that. 




 I'm a guy, I answered a couple of other questions about the difference between travelling as a guy than as a girl, you can still travel almost anywhere if your a girl, just as long as your smart and don't take unnecessary risks or attract unwanted attention.

My coolest experience...thats not an easy thing to answer!! Trekking in the Himalayas was unbelievable, you can't even imagine what it's like until your there! Exploring the Angkor temples was pretty epic, and jungle trekking near the Burmese/Thailand border was pretty awesome as well! Good to hear your planning a trip, if you feel like you could do with some advice feel free to PM me, I only got as far as I did thanks to the kindness of others so I like to pay it forward! 




 Hmm, I would actually advice against moving somewhere without seeing more of the world, its actually not a good idea as you probably have romantic ideas about what its like then when you get there you will probably be disappointed. So many people go to India then leave after 2 or 3 days because of this, I know someone who booked a 6 month trip to India, then went home after 48 hours!! Culture shock is a real thing and it can be huge, especally if you haven't ventured outside the western world!

I recommend you and the Mrs take a holiday in Thailand, Google Koh Samui or Koh Chang, it would be an awesome trip for you and wouldn't be too huge a culture shock! 




 Its not advisable, I'm sure pictures exist somewhere though! bribes weren't big, $2 here, $5 there. 




 I didn't spend much time in America, I chose to spend more time exploring Asia. I visited New York and Los Angeles. I would go to New York again, you couldn't pay me to go back to Los Angeles! 




 There probably aren't many good reasons why you can't still do it! You don't have to be gone for years and it can be done quite inexpensively these days! I would definitely encourage you to at least think about taking a trip, you don't have to go round the world, just venture outside your comfort zone, you will find it so rewarding!

Language barriers weren't really an issue, my trick was to learn the basic phrases like "hello" "thank you" "yes" "no" etc when i went to a new country, but most people at least understand basic english or sign language. One of my fond memories from the road was drinking in a remote roadside 'bar' (for want of a better word) in Viet Nam drinking whiskey with a group of old Vietnamese men. We had no clue what the other was saying but had a brilliant laugh anyway!  




 I actually bought myself an SLR while travelling, and I'm very glad I did! I got a Lumix DMC-FZ28, ideal for travelling as its compact, hardy and does all the usual photographical tricks without any extra bulk or gear. Taking a huge DSLR and a massive lens is totally pointless as it is pretty much guaranteed to get lost, stolen or damaged, but travelling with a camera is a must, especially if you have an eye for taking good photos, and there are plenty of compact, inexpensive cameras out there, like my trusty Lumix! 




 I meant being given preferential treatment because I was white was very uncomfortable. 




 Well obviously I couldn't go everywhere I would have like on my time frame and budget. I visited: USA, New Zealand, Australia, Thailand, Cambodia, Viet Nam, Laos, Thailand again, India, Nepal, India again, Doha, Italy, Vatican City, England. 

By "around the entire world" I meant in a literal sense I circumnavigated the globe, not visit every country or continent. 




 Yeah, it is a pretty accurate depiction of *aspects* of India, although obviously nothing is like experiencing these things for yourself. 




 I would definitely encourage you to at least seriously consider travelling! You're only young once and the world is worth seeing!!

Things to consider: obviously cost is a big factor. How much you have depends where you can go and for how long, places like India and parts of South East Asia are cheap enough once your there, but flights and travel insurance (you have to have travel insurance!!) are pricey, not to say you can't get good deals though!

If you can get yourself to Bangkok though, you're sorted! Travelling south-east Asia isn't difficult as plenty of westerners do it so its very easy to meet other travellers and see lots of awesome things, most people understand english and travel options are plentiful and cheap! India is also a cheap and rewarding place to travel, although it most certainly is not for the faint hearted. You can expect a big culture shock when arriving in India and if you fly into Delhi or Mumbai expect to hate it passionately at least for the first day or two. Once you get out of the cities though there is a huge amount to see and lots to experience!

If you happen to be female you need to take a few extra considerations, mainly just obvious things like be careful how you dress and where you go at night. Generally though keep bare skin and tight clothing to a minimum and stick to crowded places are good advice, and being female is not a good reason not to travel, plenty of women travel solo without a problem, just avoid certain arabic countries such as UAE or Qatar, who regrettably still have a very medieval attitude to women.




Obviously there are loads more things to consider with something this big, if you have any questions feel free to PM me though and I will do my best to answer! I only got as far as I did because of the kindness of others, so I feel its important to pay it forward! 




 Tough one to answer, probably either the Himalayas, the Taj Mahal or Angkor.  




 Keeping in touch via email or the internet is pretty easy and most places have a connection. Obviously you miss people being away for so long but its so worth it and you become far more independent when travelling alone. 




 Touts. buying souvenirs is usually okay from street venders, but never book hotel rooms or any kind of travel arrangements from anyone who is not either employed by the hotel/travel bureau or travel agency. Also you should never buy anything or give money to child beggars. This sounds awful I know, but the gruesome fact is in a lot of places children are deliberately denied and education and forced into poverty as child beggars earn more money. In some places children are even deliberately disfigured or blinded, it can be genuinely upsetting and disturbing.  




 Its usually pretty clear when someone wants bribing, but important not to offer a bribe to the wrong person, that can land you in serious trouble! Certain places it is simply expected, on the border between Laos and Viet Nam it is the norm, there are even hand-writen signs up saying how much standard bribes are. Bribes are only necessary for tourists though. In some places it is the opposite, for example on the border between Nepal and India being white gets you a lot of preferential treatment, the border guards refused to search my guitar bag, because I was white. I was on a local bus and one of only 3 other white people, it was a seriously uncomfortable experience! 




 I worked solidly from when I was 16 to when I was 18. It was a relatively cheap trip, cost me about 7000 GBP all told. 




 Nice one, 14 months is pretty hardcore!! I've not decided yet, I'm either booking a flight to Delhi or Bangkok then going to make it up from there! 




 Thats a valid question, yes I am a man. It's an interesting point, in a lot of places your gender doesn't make a difference, but unfortunately in some places it does. For example, in India I travelled for a short time with a girl I met while travelling, and when we went into a shop or to a market together, the shop owners would only address me, even if she asked a question, the norm being that as a man, even though we barely new each other and were the same age, I was still responsible for her, because she was a girl. It was very strange. In most of the world (the exceptions being those governed by religious bodies such as many arabic countries) it is safe to travel as a woman, although obvious more care must be taken on matters of clothing and personal safety. If you happen to be a woman and planning some travel of the beaten path, always wear sensible clothing and nothing skin tight, and be sure to pay attention to where you go and when, i.e sticking to crowded places and be careful where you go after dark. It is an unfortunate state of affairs that this is still the case in some places, but it is important to be mindful of these things nonetheless. 




 Europe is cool, but very expensive!! Cheap accommodation is very hard to come by in most of Europe, especially the parts that are considered 'touristy'. I try not to use any networking sites while travelling, I find it is best just to talk to other travellers about where to go, what to do etc. It depends how much you want to spend and how comfortable you want to be, for Europe I recommend the website laterooms.com, usually good for finding cheap hotels etc. Places of the beaten track... try Norway, especially the north (make sure you go in summer!) and Bruges. Depends what you want to see!  




 All the predictable stuff. You have to provide a police check (and have a clean record) and proof of any qualifications you have. If you are deemed valuable (for example have good qualifications or useful skills) it is easy enough to get a residency visa. You have to remain a resident for a few years, during which you have to work, then you get full citizenship. I am still just a permanent resident of New Zealand, I think I have to do some kind of test in a year or two before I am aloud to be a citizen.  




 My long term goals fit quite easily around my travelling, as I try not to have any long term goals other than be happy! After I finished travelling I went to University in England whilst at the same time starting my emigration process to New Zealand. Now my emigration is underway and education is finished and I have a spare bit of cash on the hip, I decided to hit the road again!

Okay, a list of countries I visited in order, I started in England by the way: USA, New Zealand, Australia, Thailand, Cambodia, Viet Nam, Laos, Thailand again, India, Nepal, India again, Doha, Italy, Vatican City, England.

Epiphanies, excellent question! a lot of people ask similar questions about travelling, usually something along the lines of "did you find yourself". This is a misunderstand of what travel is about (usually spouted by people who spend a summer in Australia or Florida and then say they '*found themselves*'). It is true that during travelling you can, or have to develop a totally new persona, especially if travelling alone. It is also true that if you stray far enough from the beaten path and explore not only the beautiful, but also the grotesque and the despicable, you do start to ask certain questions about the human psyche, good and evil and, in my case, the nature of religion. So in a broad interpretation, with enough time on the road you can discover more about the workings of the mind and the parameters of your own sanity. However, the one thing the people who talk of discovering themselves fail to take into account is what happens if you dont like the man you find? 




 I used an international credit card, easy enough to get! It is always important to keep a stash of a few different currencies though, just in case! 




 The Great Pyramids of Giza, as they are the only one of the seven wonders of the ancient world that still exist! 




 It can be, I managed to do it relatively stress free. The emigration process takes a long time (obviously it varies country to country) but the biggest issue I faced was shipping all my stuff across the world and saying goodbye to important people I left behind. Its easy enough to stay in touch though and shipping stuff can be easy enough, depending how much money you can spend on it! 




 Nah its not more expensive, it all depends on how you do it! If you are willing to sacrifice **ALL** your creature comforts it can be done quite cheap, depends where you go!

The most remote place I reached was tiny isolated mountain villages in the Himalayas, one called Khumjung and another called Tengbouche, which has a famous monastery. It was a wonderful place to be, the scenery was just beyond imagination, it was breathtaking (literally as there was only 30% normal O2 levels at times!)

Visas are easy to sort out, the only countries I visited that demand visas in advance were India ($60 US in advance) and Viet Nam ($40 USD in advance) Usually just showing up on the border and bribing the border police works (I once had to bribe the same border guard twice on the border between Viet Nam and Laos!) I have a british passport which is still well respected, its not hard to sort visas out. The only thing is if you have an Israeli stamp in your passport a lot of Arab countries will not allow you a visa, so watch out for that! 

Language barriers are easy, you simply learn a few useful phrases like hello, thank you, yes, no etc but english is a universal tongue, most people will understand what you are saying if you are patient.

My emigration process to New Zealand has been fairly smooth, although they have just changed the rules, I'm not sure what it's like now. I have a University Degree which makes things easier. 




 Lots and lots of flying, the most fun was flying in a tiny twin-engine from Kathmandu, Nepal into Lukla, which is officially one of the most dangerous airports in the world as it is carved into the side of a mountain with a too-short runway, which the decided to fix by making it extremely steep so the planes just drop off the end! It felt a lot like the scene from Aliens when their spaceship is dropped onto the planet! Anyway...

I used lots of local transport, especially in Viet Nam and India, the worst journey being 40 hours from Kathmandu to Delhi on a local bus, an experience I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy! Other than that there was a couple of motorbikes (I fell of one going down a mountain in Nepal, still have the scars!) and a skateboard (fell of that one going down a volcano in New Zealand, still have several scars from that!!) 




 Varanasi, India was seriously freeky, I answered another question about that [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14dbv0/i_travelled_around_the_entire_world_solo_when_i/c7c1udp). I'm not sure about creepy, but I visited the S21 jail and killing fields in Cambodia which was extremely sobering and frankly deeply disturbing (do a google search, theres loads of info about Cambodia's Khmar Rouge history). 




 Tough one to answer! I broke a bone in my foot and was stuck in Wanaka, New Zealand for a few weeks on crutches and could not have been happier. So happy in fact I emigrated to New Zealand! If you haven't been to New Zealand, go for the good of your soul, especially South Island! Other than that, I spent some time deep in the Himalayas which was an incredible experience, and northern Viet nam, also an awesome place and awesome people!! 




 Varanasi, India. Insane place! It is the holiest city in hinduism as it is right on the Ganges and is said to be the ultimate place to die if you are a Hindu, so there is a hell of a lot of dead people about! Right on the river bank there are what are called 'Burning Ghats', which is were the bodies of the dead are cremated in the open air, as many as 200 a day per temple. However, bodies of children, cows or people with infectious decease, such as leprosy or malaria are not aloud to be burned, so are simply weighed down and dumped in the Ganges. Yet, it is also considered spiritually cleansing to bathe in the Ganges in Varanasi, so while you can have 20-30 bodies all burning away right on the river and the constant dumping of human and animal remains into the river, you have hundreds of people all along the river bathing. Insane. 




 I was raised in england (I now live in New Zealand) and the legal age to start employment is 16 in england. I applied for work the day after my 16th birthday and pretty much worked none stop up until just before I left, which was about a month after I turned 18. All in all the trip cost me about 7000 GBP for a nine month journey, but that was doing almost everything on the cheap. Totally worth it! 




 I am now 22 and about to do it again. The journey took nine months and was planned, financed and undertaken entirely by myself. If you are planned a bit of travel or backpacking I would be happy to offer my advice, especially if you are a young traveller or on a limited budget, or if you feel like doing something incredibly adventurous, heroic and foolhardy!  




 "Jesus Loves You" 




 I have a faint scar on my right elbow and shoulder I got from skateboarding down the side of a volcano in New Zealand, having never ridden a skateboard before and a clear scar up my right shin from falling off a motorbike driving down a mountain in Nepal, having never driven a motorbike before! I'm not sure, do I get epic or dumbass points for these? 




 its cool bro, I hate being wrong as well. Just to reiterate: This is men playing without pads http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIZQdf_zw3Y

Because we are not poofy americans, we tackle hard in NZ without pads, but have fun with your pillowfighting! 




 [I don't know who told you the tackles aren't as heavy in rugby, but they were talking shit.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5KkpW79o4w) And saying they are different so can't be compared...just what? I say rugby is less wimpy much as kittens are more wimpy than chainsaws. 




 Sorry I couldn't hear you through all that padding... 




 If I may be so brave: Rugby. 




 I sympathise with your point of view and you are of course right in much of what you say. There are christian-run soup kitchens and clinics and all variety of aid available, especially in the western world. However there are also all of these same things organised and put into motion by secular people and charities. Personally I find this form of rewardless altruism far more moving than a religious charity giving stance, but I digress. The unfortunate truth is the Catholic Church is a lot more picky about whom it grants aid to than any secular charity. Oxfam provide famine relief, support and aid to all manner of people in all manner of situations completely regardless of who or what they are, even entering war zones to do so. The same, regrettably, can not be said of the Church.

Disclaimer: Please don't look at this response as an attack on you or aggression of any sort, I am merely attempting to address and discuss your argument, and I respect your point of view.  




 you managed to fill all that space without actually saying anything. Impressive. 




 Not sure if sarcasm... 




 Please allow me to be the first to say you are an idiot and you're fooling no one. 




 I think you will find most atheists (yes, there are a lot of mindless plonkers on this site who just like to poke fun) can see there is some good done in the name of religion. However, we also see the amount of evil done in the name of religion. Being open-minded is about balanced and objectivity. Yes the church obviously gives a great deal of aid to the world, but they do a lot of harm, and have caused untold suffering. weigh up both sides, as many other people do, and come to your own conclusion. merely saying both sides look like idiots only shows your ignorance. I refer you to [this comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/13rd6i/til_the_catholic_church_is_the_largest/c76phgr) 




 Lets break this down. First thing to notice is the word 'non-governmental'. Lets face it, there are very few non-governemental aid organisations, and since we grant the Catholic Church their own sovereign state (Vatican City), how can they be considered non-governmental? They simply can't, and I would be interested to see their percentage of wealth and capitol spend on aid compared to that of other countries or charities. I dare say it would not stack up quiet so well.

Second. All other charities in the world, save those dreaded few sponsored by religion, help those in need and in famine, they make no demands upon the suffering, they simply give aid. It is commonplace (I am not just ranting, I have seen this for myself) for christian charity to only be given to christian people, that is to say if you do not believe in Jesus and the christian doctrine (or the wickedness of condoms) you simply are not aloud aid. No other charity includes indoctrination as part of its charity, and this should not be considered anything but wicked. Also, lets just quickly look at where the catholic cash-bags come from. Before modern globalisation the Catholic Church was by far the most insidious imperialist nation in the world, and the cash flowed in from all corners of the impoverished world. Look at the damage done by Christianity in Africa. Other charity organisations take money from those who can afford to give and apply it to the poor. The Catholics look at the money they already took from the poor and think they aught to give some back.

Third, let us examine the inference of this claim. This is wikipedia, it does not make this statement true. I highly doubt it is compared to organisations such as Oxfam, who I have worked alongside.

EDIT: Instead of just downvoting me, why not offer a response? I will reasonably address any sensible response to this comment. 




 She was one of my ex-girlfriends best mates. Nice girl! 




 just thought I would say, I know her! 




 On the same note, I could circumcise myself with scissors if i wanted to. Just because something is possible, doesn't mean it is to be done! 




 You can see in this picture I think how uncomfortable Goering felt sitting next to Hess, whom he considered (probably accurately) to be insane. 




 Maybe the world doesn't need religion to be the basis for a government? Maybe? 




 Its called American Politics. That ain't democracy chaps! 




 Nice try Jean-Claude 




 Greedo still shot first 




 GREEDO FIRED FIRST!!! 




 With it's consent. 




 [Made in Heaven](http://imgur.com/lI2Tp) 




 To get the ball rolling I will share possibly my best story: I once woke up in a graveyard about 2 miles from the place I had been getting drunk. Not entirely sure why I was there but I didn't feel all too healthy! 

I also got kicked out of the same Irish Bar twice in one night in Auckland, then found an ATM receipt for $150 in my pocket with no money and no clue where the money went! 




 [Oh yeah? Well I was once so drunk my gafliberty couldn't zip zop my pudding pop!](http://imgur.com/KNjAO) 




 This is a topic I have given a great deal of thought to (as have many people, obviously) and have come to my own conclussions which I will atempt to elaborate fairly, so please no one mistake my for a fire and brimstone /r/athiesm-ist.

The idea of an afterlife, or of somehow in any respect surviving ones own death, is obviously a hugely thought over and discussed point, possibly the most in history. It seems to rely however on there being something in the body (some might call it 'soul' or 'spirit') that is somehow separate from the whole. When a human dies, the physical body decays, inevitably. Therefore, something must exist beyond physical realms. Furthermore, this spiritual something must carry and bare hallmarks of the individual it 'belongs to'. Forgive my cynicism, but such a thing, as far as all material evidence and cold logic is concerned, does not exist, furthermore most likely *cannot* exist in this physical world we inhabit. 

The idea of surviving ones own death is, to the best of my beliefs, the pinnacle of wishful thinking, as anyone can see. Obviously most people would sincerely wish to live past there death, or more so that loved ones might who have already died, and this leads us to hypothesise on ways that it may be possible, giving rise to various things that is a whole different discussion in itself.

Some may say this view is cynical or I must be a pretty miserable/depressed person to hold such a view. However I see this life, and my youth, as hugely significant and precious beyond words because I know it will never come again, I have one chance to live a full and worthy life, I better not waste it! I encourage at every opportunity anyone else to think on the issue along those lines. Obviously given the choice almost everyone would want to have an afterlife, but consider for a moment that one day you will breath your last, and that will be the end. Doesn't that fill you with the appreciation for the miracle that is the body you inhabit and how amazing and precious it is, to be alive. 

























































































 "Back, and to the left." - JFK (1991) 





























 [Came here expecting silly ghost stories, bravo sir.](http://imgur.com/AlPDY) 




 /r/redditgetsdrawn needs you! 




 You yanks might have some silly dead presidents on your notes, us [kiwis have got Edmund Hillary](http://www.currency-calculator.org/images/currency/nzd.jpg)! Only non-monarch to appear on a currency in their own lifetime! 




 /r/redditgetsdrawn needs you! 




 I download music from naughty websites. 




 When you were young cake meant extra energy to run around.

At your age cake means extra pall-bears. 




 Awesome! The reason you are being down-voted is you haven't got a Reddit-worthy title. 

If you had put "My premature sister's grandmother, who has learning difficulties and no arms, paints these pictures and thinks they're rubbish. What does Reddit think?" = front page! 




 Its clearly not him, look how innocent he is trying to look! 

Plot twist: OP eats the wall and blames it on the dog 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/misleadingthumbnails/

Here you go! 




 [Amusing!](http://imgur.com/VHVa0) 




 What a misleading thumbnail! 




 Love it. To the front page with you! 




 It is highly dubious as to wether Hitler really did have one testicle, it has never been conclusively proven and frankly it does sound like propoganda to me. However, Herman Goering was shot in the testicles during the Beer Hall, or Munich Putsch in 1923 and as a result became addicted to morphine for the rest of his life.

Also Chairman Mao, China's 'Communist' leader (lets call a spade a spade, China is a Fascist state regardless of what they call themselves) suffered from an undescended testicle.

There seems to be a pattern doesn't there, fascist dictators tend to have one ball. Makes you wonder what Mussolini's package consisted of. 




 As with any new medicine, the idea of a vaccination (curing one decease by infecting another) was met with great distrust. [Here is a contemporary cartoon](http://imgur.com/ar3Bu) showing just how much people were afraid of getting vaccinated when it was first introduced. Edward Jenner (the discoverer of the smallpox vaccine) is the man standing in the middle of the cartoon. 




 I (along with the rest of the non-american western world) find it truly and deeply disturbing that this is such a prevalent view taken by Americans, and that apparently some people in the states can't tell the difference between a high-powered military-grade assault rifle and a baseball bat. There is ***NO*** justification for such a weapon to be available to the public, no rational reason whatsoever. If you want a gun for personal protection, get a pistol or two and place it in a lock box somewhere strategic in your home. If you want a high powered rifle, join the military or just grow up and be satisfied with the penis you were born with. 




 "The enemy of my enemy..." 




 Bullshit. This would imply that Leonardo finished the Mona Lisa 4 years after he died (The Mona Lisa was started in 1503 and Leonardo died in 1519). 




 And even worse are the idiots who ridicule them for their ignorance.

"Hi, Kettle? This is Grumpy_Kong, you are black!!" 




 I did specify in the title which group of SEAL team 6 was involved. 




 hahaha, that is actually awesome!! Thank you!! 




 [This is a two billion picture of Mount Everest](https://s3.amazonaws.com/Gigapans/EBC_Pumori_050112_8bit_FLAT/EBC_Pumori_050112_8bit_FLAT.html), and is probably the most beautiful thing I have seen on the internet! If you zoom in far enough you can actually see climbers, albeit climbing the glacier not the actual mountain.

For those interesting this is taken from Kalar Pathar and the new Everest Base Camp is along the bottom of the picture, under the Glacier. Everest is the peak on the left, half hidden behind a closer peak and Lohtse is the peak to the right of Everest, which is the 4th highest mountain in the world!  




 I'd be happy to trade travel advice for your drawing! Trekking in the Himalayas is probably the coolest and most rewarding thing I have ever done, it doesn't take a lot of money or experience either! If you want to do it, go for it! I did an AMA about travelling if you are interested, [heres a link](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14dbv0/i_travelled_around_the_entire_world_solo_when_i/)! 




 Oh dear, I picked the wrong day to post it seems if imgur is down! Thanks in advance though!! :) 




 Thats pretty awesome, cheers!! :) I love how you got the craziness of my hair pretty spot on!! 









 "2010, watch it go to fire!"

My recommendation for the best music video ever made. 




 You *might* kill it. 




 This is stunning. Truly stunning. I look at this as a finished piece of work, and I am exceptionally impressed. 




 Wow, hard to believe all that was carved out in an afternoon. Very hard to believe indeed. 




 Apparently it was very old glass (some of it 15cm thick) and it ruptured due to age and very cold weather. The tank contained 33 tons of water along with several animals such as sharks, turtles and rays (plus 3 lemon sharks which can grow to 10 feet in length). All the animals died and 16 people were injured, although none seriously.

[Here is a news report on the incident](http://uk.news.yahoo.com/shark-tank-bursts-in-chinese-shopping-centre-27122012-124335537.html#nrVIiq4) 




 I'll start us off!

'Melanie Laurent -En T'Attendant'

It's hard to define what genre this is, its the Damien Rice end of large ensemble folk music (Rice guests on the album on a few tracks). A lot of the album is french language so I have no idea what the songs are about a lot of the time, but the music is wonderful! [Here is a link to the title track.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zwb8hXlUE1E)


Fun fact: Melanie Laurent is the actress who played Shoshanna in Inglorious Basterds. She is also a great musician apparently! 




 Everyone generalises  




 First Aid 




 Or you could just be satisfied with your penis in the first place? 




 Also Kiwi here, this could well have been taken from Hauraki of Milford, in which case the sun would rise over Rangitoto 




 My dream was to finish uni and move to New Zealand. I finished uni in June, and I'm about to go to bed on Christmas Eve in 25* heat. No excuses! 




 Rangitoto *Volcano* if we are being precise! 




 Remember what the dormouse said... 




 or yahoo news 




 link to original picture please 




 The infancy of humanity. The inability to explain natural phenomena and disease. The very apparent and totalitarian presence of death, for 99% of humanities existence it was uncommon to live past 30. Consider just how much the world has changed in the past 200 years, and bare in mind humans have existed for anywhere between 100-250 million years. We are at this time in history *just* learning to open our eyes, only now after so much time are these issues, that dominated the life of every human being for millions of years, are being addressed. How is it possible to unquestionably see that this *is* the nature of religion? Simple, just look at the prolific nature of religion. There are or have been as many completely different and varied religious groups are there are grains of sand on a beach, all of them designed to offer the same explanations for the various blights of humanity.  Humans for many years *needed* religion to explain the hostile nature of the world. Now we need Doctors. 




 Brilliant one. If you think about it long enough it starts to make sense, for example it makes sense for a primitive creature to react to pain, it is something else for an animal to *avoid* pain. Deep waters indeed. 




 One day literally everyone alive today will be dead. The sun will rise and it will be completely normal day, but *everyone* that is alive now will no longer exist, and for many of us it will simply be like we never existed. 




 Dude.....wow.... 




 When I reached the peak of a Himalayan mountain. It wasn't a big one, it wasn't even snowcapped, but I climbed that bastard on my own, in Converse and after an 18 day trek with a 22KG backpack on in very low oxygen. From the top I had a view of a valley with two incredible mountain ranges on either side (one of which happened to be Lhotse and Everest) all to myself. That ladies and gentlemen, is euphoria. 




 [Relevant link.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/15a6mg/so_today_is_my_birthday_just_wanted_to_share_some/) 









 Anyone else find it truly disturbing they are treating this like a game, and trivialising the soldiers who are genuinely getting killed? Just me? 




 Great, a new state of matter is discovered the day the world is meant to end. This is starting to all seem a bit too Hollywood.... 




 [7000 karma in 3 hours?!](http://imgur.com/HGN5H.jpg) Sweet potato pie!! 




 Just what I've always wanted. 




 The fact that I don't know if you are being serious of not says a great deal about the nature of performance art. 




 I doubt you live in New Zealand 




 You OP.  




 OP is certainly 




 This is what is know as a 'backronym', all expressions (such as '*save our souls*' etc.) being invented to fit the pre-existing acronym.

The same can be said of the original distress call 'CQD', which is a combination of the original distress call of 'CQ' ('*scu*' from the French word *scurit*), then the D was added latter to stand for '*Distress*'. A common myth is that CQD stands for '*Come Quick: Danger*'.

SOS replaced CQD as the official morse distress signal in the early part of the 20^th Century and played a role in the sinking of Titanic, as there is a story that as Titanic sank the radio operators were signalling SOS rather than CQD, and no one understood that SOS was a distress call. This is probably a myth, but still interesting. 




 By coincidence, it was watching that episode that lead me to researching the subject where I came across this photo! 




 Princip provided the spark. It is probable, perhaps certain that war would have broken out eventually, however this event sent into motion a chain of events that caused the most catastrophic consequences in human history. The entire world was rocked by two World Wars and the modern world shaped by the outcome. And it all started with two gunshots, and one man. 




 Apologies, the title is not quite accurate as a different type of bomb was dropped over Hiroshima. The Trinity test and Nagasaki bomb were implosion devices while the Hiroshima bomb was a gun-type atomic bomb. Regardless, this pictures shows the first ever detonation of a nuclear weapon. The black specs along the horizon are trees. To imagine it puts a chill through the bones. 




 Regardless, this was still the first nuclear detonation of any atomic weapon. I don't think its possible to edit Hiroshima out of the title is it? 









 Bourbon. I am a musician and recently recorded a new EP (I'm not famous before anyone asks, pretty much do it for myself and my work) and got through a Litre of Jack by the end of the recording process. Probably not healthy, but productive!  




 When I reached the peak of a Himalayan mountain. It wasn't a big one, it wasn't even snowcapped, but I climbed that bastard on my own, in Converse and after an 18 day trek with a 22KG backpack on. From the top I had a view of a valley with two incredible mountain ranges on either side (one of which happened to be Lhotse and Everest) all to myself. That ladies and gentlemen, is euphoria. 




 No, that was the first attempted assassin, Nedeljko abrinovi, not Princip. After abrinovi's failed attempt Ferdinand (after stopping at Sarajavo Town Hall) took a different route to the cities hospital (where he was initially going) but the driver took a wrong turn and braked so as to reverse the car. By coincidence, this was only a few feet away from Princip (who was one of 10 assassins involved in the plot to kill Ferdinand), who took his chance and fired twice into the car, killing both Franz Ferdinand and his wife Sophia (although she was not intended as a target). He was instantly arrested, which is when this photo was taken. He died in Jail three years later due to complications after his arm was amputated due to tuberculosis, probably caused by a poorly fixed broken bone in his arm from when he was arrested in Sarajevo.  




 I am not entirely sure who the photographer was, it is pretty self explanatory though. It was taken moments after the assassination, Princip is the man without a hat on the right, he attempted to shoot himself immediately after shooting Ferdinand but the gun was wrestled from him. [Here is a wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Archduke_Franz_Ferdinand_of_Austria) 




 Google 'The Bilderberg Group'. You may find it interesting. 




 Communism is a tough one to say whether it works or not, hence why there is still so much discourse on the subject even today. The trouble seems to be that all modern countries that identify themselves as communist are simply Fascist states, for example North Korea and China, though they declare themselves communist in principal (I am generalising of course and including Marxist-Lenninist politics) they can not be identified as anything but fascist. Most people seem to agree that the problem with communism is it grants too much power to too few people, as in North Korea, China and Stalinist Russia. Not to say Communism, or something close to it, can't work. Cuba is doing just fine! 









 The day will come when everyone who posts in this thread and who reads this comment will be dead, it is inevitable. Furthermore, the day will come, a long time from now but eventually the sun will rise on this world and everyone, yes everyone, alive now will be dead. But the world will keep spinning, the species will keep going, and it will be like we never existed at all. 




 Eurocentric bastards!

Sincerely, Australia + New Zealand. 




 Why would you think its okay to take such an intimate and tender picture as this and use it for internet karma? Fuck you. 




 [Bourbon and hookers](http://imgur.com/bCfn0) 




 [You youngsters and your computers and your music television!](http://imgur.com/QZLL1) 




 [This is how I imagine your Christmas dinner](http://imgur.com/y22wM) 




 I used to have to go to church *before* I was aloud to open any presents! It was nightmarish!

I still to this day hold true to my Christmas tradition of a fine turkey and leftover sandwich on boxing day. It is my culinary highlight of the year! 




 Smart because glasses and isn't dressed warmly enough? 




 I am actually reading a different book called 'Ghosts On Everest' by the expedition that found Mallory's body in 1999, also a great book! By the way, 1924 wasn't the first Everest expedition it was the third, the first being in 1921 and also lead by Mallory. 




 I know, I feel bad for scaring you. [Hug it out?](http://imgur.com/vrkQX.jpg)

EDIT: Fixed for people to herpyderp to know how to internet good. 




 Is OP the creator of this? If yes, this is awesome dude, respect! If not, please acknowledge the artist, if you have any decency. 




 Hi, sorry for the late reply!

Yeah I just travelled with one backpack, the trick is to travel as light as possible, which gives you a lot more freedom to move around! I also took a guitar, but that's just because I cant go without! You don't need to travel with a laptop, its very easy almost everywhere to get online and to access computers, and a laptop is just one more thing to get broken or stolen. As far as what equipment, I'm not really sure what you mean? I didn't use any specialist equipment really, it's important to take a good and well supplied medical kit and my trusty iPod, but thats about it!

Cheap is a relative term, cheap compared to what I (being english) am used to may be reasonably priced in some places. I did get in a few scrapes but nothing *TOO* hairy, the trick is to be very smart and self-aware. You learn this quick enough, especially travelling alone. The trick is to not look like you are a person of any interest, there is a real art to being able to blend into a crowd and not catch anyones eye. If you look uncomfortable, scared or overconfident or in any way affluent you will be a target for trouble! If you look like you are in control and not-to-be-fucked-with, you will have no troubles! 




 Don't worry, I'm sure this isn't going to be standing over your bed. 




 I travelled solo around the world. I fell of a motorbike in Nepal, got a concussion from falling of a skateboard in New Zealand, trekked the Himalayas alone and got AMS (very deadly if not addressed) and had to turn back but almost broke my ankle, which would have been guaranteed death. I swam with sharks (without meaning to) and once nearly got bitten by a cobra in Vietnam. Oh, and there was also the time my bus was nearly attacked by men with AK-47s in Laos.

This is all true by the way and I have photos of most of this to prove it! 




 You know that thing you're dreading? That. 




 [Who, me? ](http://imgur.com/bD7Bf) 




 Insidious  



















 If he ever asks you about horcruxes, don't tell him a fucking thing!! 




 Well done for having the courage to take the plunge, whatever it was! Having the courage to take the leap speaks volumes, no matter how long you stood on the ledge. 




 Not ending a parasitic relationship with an unfaithful girl sooner. Hindsight can be a terrible thing. 




 Clear my browser history!! 




 Awesome, well done you! As someone who has recently lost 14KG, working out actually gets more enjoyable as your body gets fitter, so keep it up!! 




 My name is Tom, or Tommy.

I tell people I was named after a gun, but my partner knows I was really named after a famous 19^th century ballet dancer. 




 The Abnormal Life of a Normal Man. 




 Reverse that order and you're golden! 




 More are coming. Flee at once. 




 I know. 




 ...and that kids is why you shouldn't take advice from celibate weirdos! 




 This might seem like a strange one, but countries would certainly not exist if the everyone thought like me. After all, what is a country but another reason to form prejudice, wether positive or negative, over a perfect stranger. Try to image in it: No war, no dispute in the middle east, no conflicting militaries, no unrepresentative governments, no taxes, no restrictions upon travellers, no ruling class, no dictatorships, no reason to hate a person you have never met (other than religious grounds, but lets leave /r/atheism where it is). This is not to say that local cultures, languages, traditions and customs should be abandonded or assimilated, they should not. This is more akin to allowing people to be governers of their own destiny, and to not be collateral in political affairs. This, in my most humble opinion, is where Marx went wrong.

Inb4: John Lennon 




 I once saw Streetlight Manifesto supporting Reel Big Fish. One of the best gigs I have ever been to, and I have been to more than my fair share! 




 A few weeks before the Apocalypse and people start seeing time travellers everywhere. Coincidence?? 




 I genuinely used to think that colour was invented in the 50's when I was little. 




 Badass haircut, have an upvote! 




 [Does it come in black?](http://imgur.com/IwXs0) 




 My first thought was the bloke in the middle leaning over everyone...then I saw it.... 




 Should I recognise who that is? This is epic by the way, you have talent!! 




 Stay away from meeee 




 I know,they are seriously cool guys to hang out with to! I've added my name to the waiting list to volunteer, as I am young and able bodied they have said I may be able to sail with them to the Faroe Islands for next years campaign! 




 Fair enough, I wasn't sure where that money came from, although it is certain that is was money given for earthquake relief, that was spent on illegal whaling. Specifically it was mostly spent I believe to repair the Nisshin Maru, the main whaling factory ship. 

I was talking to the first mate when I visited the ship yesterday and apparently they suspect the Japanese of using satellites to track the Sea Shepherd ships, which again is hugely expensive obviously. 




 For those who don't know, this is the Bob Barker, one of [Sea Shephard](http://www.seashepherd.org/)'s four vessels. It is in port in Wellington before heading to the Antarctic to prevent the Japanese ([who spent $30 million of aid given to them after the earthquake to fund illegal whaling](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/14597y/til_japan_used_30_million_of_their_tsunami_relief/)) from illegally hunting and killing whales. All on board are volunteers, and all on board are heroes. 









 Theres this girl named Rachel that I met at my Church group...

**I'm out!** 




 That was just how much *I* spent, and bare in mind I circumnavigated the entire globe so most of that pricetag was on plane tickets. Every trip has a different price, it depends what you do! 




 I have never done the Appalachian Train and don't know much about it so can't really give you a great deal of advice I'm afraid. I will say though that in my humble opinion real explorer spirit dwells in having the balls to leave your own comfort zone. From an outsiders perspective (I am not American, I was raised in England and have just emigrated to New Zealand) it seems that most Americans don't seem to have any interest in international travel, which is a huge shame if you don't mind me saying! If you are serious about wanting to experience some real adventure, blaze your own trail instead of sticking to the same old path that all the squares have strolled along before you, be your own explorer! You can do this on any budget, if you have a bit of spare cash though I recommend you take a trip to perhaps either South America or the Indian sub-continent, there is a lot of adventure to be had there, and you can feel free to ask me for any advice! Happy planning! :) 




 [Here you go](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=7000+GBP+in+USD) 




 Thank you! No I don't but a few other people have recommend I start one, I would really have the first clew how to though! Any tips on how to start a blog would be appreciated! :) 




 I have been, the water isn't very clear but very deep in places. It is likely that there is a a large body of submerged rock under there though as it is a flooded landscape so all the cliffs slope inwards under the water (you can see the erosion where the cliff used to slope into the water) 




 ITT: Virgins thinking OP is glorious bastard, young men thinking OP must be an ugly bastard, girls thinking OP is a scummy bastard, married men thinking OP is a lucky bastard and [me making witticisms](http://imgur.com/2pTKo) 




 Sure! When can you leave?  




 No I don't want to give the impression the women can't travel in India alone, I know many who do! Its just that you have to be prepared for what to expect, if you are already seasoned traveller you will know what I mean. India has a lot to offer, but has a lot you need to be wary of, but definitely worth seeing, regardless who you are! 




 I didn't plan much before I left on purpose, to give me more freedom when I was there, just where my flights would go and how long on each continent. 

Most essential items, hmm, good question! 

Most essential would be the passport, obviously! I kept it on me at all times, 24/7.

Second most would be my iPod, there's a lot of boredom and sitting on buses involved in travel, I would have gone crazy several times over without my trusty ipod! 

Third, my medical kit. It took up the most room by far in my backpack and I used everything in there!

Fourth, my camera! When you are seeing that much awesome every day you need a decent camera, I actually only bought one after I had already been travelling for a few months, but still got some awesome pictures!

Fifth. hmm, I didn't have that much stuff! I would say my diary. Keeping a diary is a surprisingly rewarding thing to do while travelling, and my travel book is now my most treasured possession! 




 How's fifth grade going? 




 Haha, cheers! You are my hero to! All told it cost around 6-7000 GBP, that's not bad going for such a big trip, but it can be done a lot cheaper, all depends what you do! 




 I spent about 6-7000 GBP all told, which isn't bad going for such a long trip! I planned and booked my flights in advance, but thats it. I booked a place to stay in USA and when I arrived in a new western city like Auckland or Brisbane, but other than that I just showed up in a new town or city and sorted out food or accommodation when I was there! Its often the best and cheapest way of doing it, although not for everyone as there is always the chance you might not get somewhere.

Ways to save money: The big ones are eating and sleeping cheap, the other best way to save your pennies is use local transport, as appose to tourist transport. You will find that in many places like Asia or India there are plenty of cosy, pricey travel options like flights and nice buses that are for tourists. However there is always local transport for local people, its usually pretty basic and more often than not cramped and uncomfortable, but its cheap and you meet interesting people! The only other way of saving money is to not spend it on silly things like souvenirs and day trips and so on.  
























 - [Mlanie Laurent - En t'attendant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zwb8hXlUE1E)

- [Miriam Makeba - Pata Pata](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCc61z9IFu4) 




 F%#$ me that is M*#%$ F##king disgraceful! 




 Please correct me if I'm wrong (and I'm sure I probably have miscalculated!) but just going off some basic info I found in a swift google search the mass of the sun is so much greater than the mass of the orbiting planets that it is still possible to say 'the planets orbit the sun' as the '*barycentre*' would have to be at some slightly off centre point in the sun itself. 




 Its on youtube! 




 The popular theory that Hitler snubbed Owens isn't strictly true. Hitler only congratulated German athletes but reportedly admired Owens. 

Source: QI 




 [Irony!](http://imgur.com/ma1ZVvT.gif) 




 "what are you doing in my house?!" Nosey bastards! 




 I actually have fictional breasts!  




 This entire Wiki page has 3 references, 2 of which are from IMDb!! Hitler being such a significant historical figure, the amount of conjecture and fairy-tales about him is naturally huge. 

I am going to call this as untrue as it is simply too fanciful, unlikely given Hitlers continued mobility and reported sound health until his death in 1945, and due to insufficient evidence.  




 I have a similar story. I travelled solo around the world when I was 18 and spend 3 months travelling around South East Asia. I completely randomly met the same two guys (who were travelling together) in three different countries: first in Hanoi, Vietnam then Vang Vieng in Laos and finally I randomly bumped into them on the Khao San Road in Bangkok! True story!! 




 Sounds brilliant until gradually people start disappearing one by one. Haven't you even seen Ghost Rig?! 




 As you are exploring the bowls of the ship your flashlight picks something up at the end of the corridor. You do a double take and shine your light on it and you see a young girl dressed in Victorian clothing, just standing at the end of the corridor. You call out but no response. Suddenly, into the silence, the bulkhead door slams deafeningly shut behind you! You spin around to see what happens. From a short distance away you hear a child's laugh, echoing eerily in the damp ship. You point your flashlight back down the corridor. 

The girl is gone. 




 I did History GCSE and A level, pretty sure the Revolutionary War was only discussed a couple of times. Frankly the American Revolution, though I fully understand its significance to Americans, just isn't that significant when put in perspective of the rest of British history. I mean think about it, Britain was *the* super-power for a lot of recent history with an empire that covered a quarter of the globe. There is a lot of history there! Losing India was far more historically significant than the American War.  









 I can understand the nope. Personally I would say "[FUCK YEAH](http://imgur.com/RiEsEUI)!!" 




 "I thought I could smell tuna-fish around her...O SHIT ITS A TRAP!!" 




 Bloody Asian-Americans 




 Onions?! It's 4:30am in France, go to bed!!! 




 This sounds like a poor excuse. All the previous Popes for centuries did the job until death, ergo they were all in poor health eventually! When you think along those lines poor health is a very pitiful excuse so I think there is a larger game afoot here 




 It sounds like a cool title, but it was basically just another Pope who wanted some of the existing popes power. It was basically the first schism church. A big deal at the time but now there a millions as theres more money and influence to be made in starting your own church than joining one 




 Might be considered pedantic, but it wasn't just boys. He helped to cover up the systematic sexual abuse, rape and torture of children and successfully protected the scum that committed the crimes 




 Surely the whole point of being religious is you are too afraid to say YOLO? 




 [This meme has never been more appropriate!](http://imgur.com/WelcGBk.jpg) 




 [This is probably the only time I will ever be able to use this meme!](http://imgur.com/WelcGBk) 




 I think the question you meant to ask is 'Which song is the best, THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST THE BEST, THE BEST...' 




 Hi there Dave!

First off, thanks for doing this AMA! My question is when are you guys going to come back to Auckland?? Would kick ass to see you guys at the Town Hall again!

Also, can we expect any more drum collaborations coming up? Can't wait to hear the new Queens album!

Keep kicking ass! 




 How's your day going? 




 You're right, it not Monty Python. I believe it will be called '*The Peoples Popular Front of Pythons by and of The Name of Monty and/or Montgomery.*' 

Monty Python... bloody splitters! 




 Robin Williams to replace Graham Chapman? Interesting idea although I'm amazed its even being considered! As I understand it Cleese refused to consider Python returning after Chapman died, quite rightly in my opinion! Maybe they think Williams is up for the job, watch this space! 




 Just for the record, they did built Hobbiton for real, to human scale (obviously) and after finishing filming for 'The Hobbit' they have left it all there. Its near Matamata, New Zealand. You can visit but I'm pretty sure you cant buy Bag End. 




 I also learned right handed, partly for this reason. The buggeration is it makes playing rhythmic patters more difficult as the right hand has to do all the rhythmic work which is just wrong for a lefty. Thats why I can't play 'All My Life' and sing at the same time. 




 I assume this was before you were with her? Did she tell you or did you find out later? 




 I quite enjoy my unholy embrace with satan! Free underfloor heating! 




 I am a lefty and a musician. It is *very* irritating that for a decent guitar a lefty has to pay at least twice the normal price. 




 More accurately, the Quran (and pretty much all other holy books) is extremely ambiguous and open to many different interperitations. Some choose to be dogmatic, some chose to enterperate their text litterally, and even then there are litteral variations due to arabic being a highly ambiguious written language.

People of all faiths vary in how dogmatic they choose to be. Islam is no different and certainly no more creditable. This particular example recalls to me the old debates of the length of angels wings or how many such mythical creatures could dance on the head of a pin. It is pure drivel, it is an example of how totalitarian religion tries to fill every aspect of an individuals life. Is it so difficult to think on these issues objectively, without the crutch of religion? 




 Did he ever get that horse? 




 Wondered why that link was already blue, then I realised its linked to my Imgur account. Cheeky bastard! 




 Someone was pedantic on the internet?! Fetch my cup of RAGE!!! 




 I assume you are not of that opinion, as it is so mind-blowingly stupid. 




 I hesitate to even respond as that is some of the stupidest words I have even seen written down. I assume you are being sarcastic.
Healthcare is unconstitutional

Seriously? Free healthcare for all is unconstitutional? You realise how stupid that is? Obama has had to be fighting idiots like you every step of the way with getting his healthcare system sorted, I don't think its political. Maybe its because anyone with half a brain cell realises that something is quite disgustingly broken when a family can't afford to heal, when a fatal illness like cancer might just cost you your house as well as your loved one. 

cost

Lets just lump that altogether shall we. You are more concerned about how much your government pays on healthcare than how much your family pays? How much would it cost if, heaven forbid, your sister got cancer, or your father was in a car crash. It could bankrupt you, for services that actually cost those providing them pennies. They charge so much simply because they can, because you privatised your medical healthcare. Even in England, where we have a choice between public or private, private healthcare costs a bare fraction of what you pay (our private healthcare system is called BUPA) You are extorted simply because years ago your entire healthcare was privatised and the drug companies have had carte blanche ever since. You are literally being made an offer you can't refuse, if you have seen The Godfather.

You're last point is so stupid I'm not going to address it, basically you are saying "government bad, grrr!" whatever. 




 Sarcasm best works when its not written down genius! 




 ...Or any western country that isn't America. 




 You clearly are American and have no concept of freedom, as Americans have measurably less personal freedoms than any other western country yet go on about it the most. 




 As a gentleman of the Queens realm: I concur!! 

It is funny how American and Canadian women fall in love instantly with my accent! 




 I still don't understand why Americans actually fight against universal healthcare. It is just another level of stupid to not see that the US's medical system is utterly fucked. I think you chaps need some perspective. 




 [I went round the world a few years back and recently did an AMA about my experiences, here is a link it you are interested!](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14dbv0/i_travelled_around_the_entire_world_solo_when_i/) 




 [The Sunshine theme by John Murphy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWlXU2DeYkQ) 




 [And /r/gonewild of course!](http://imgur.com/ofXst4B) 




 I emigrated to New Zealand, pretty unconventional I suppose. Work out alright! 




 Zoot? 




 It has been re-posted several times before, I'm sure its on there somewhere. 




 I opened this picture and genuinely got goose-bumps! Is this OC?

For the record this is a mother and calf Humpback, I have some experience of these beautiful and intelligent creatures but nothing like this! Truly awesome! 




 The wind can move very fast. 




 I answered a few other questions about money, have a browse of this thread, it should be useful if you're planning some travels! 

1. All told the trip cost about 7000 GBP, I worked from the moment I was 16 until I was 18 to save up enough. 

2. Finding a cheap flight is just a matter of looking, try flight comparison websites or apps like Skyscanner etc. The cheapest places to travel are out of the western world. South East Asia and South America are good, India and Africa are very cheap but absolutely not for everyone, you may not like it.

3. The best places I went were Vietnam, Cambodia, India, Nepal and Mount Everest Base Camp.
 
4. See question 1. 




 "My Kingdom for a horse!" 




 Bits of that are true, but not all. Edward VIII did abdicate so he could marry Wallace Simpson, however he couldn't marry her as king more because of the scandal it would cause rather than actually breaking any rules. That and he was a Nazi sympathiser. Remember the Church of England was basically created so that Henry VIII could divorce his wife, the entire Church is founded on the family values of Henry VIII.

Either way, the reason for his abdication don't really matter, the fact is that the abdication forced George VI to take the throne making Elizabeth the Heir Apparent at the age of 10. 

The fact that barely anyone in Britain knows any of this shows just how much no one gives a toss. 




 Not true. Edward VIII abdicated in 1936 to make his younger brother, George VI (Elizabeth's father) king. By the breakout of war in Europe in 1939 Elizabeth was the heir apparent to the throne. She never left England during the war.  




 I'm not sure the elephants might have the dexterity for some of the reaches in the piece! Thank you for the compliment though, I haven't written up any sheets for this piece yet as its fresh of the keys but if and when I do I will message you, sound good? 




 Thank you very much, it's quite a compliment for other musicians to want to perform your work in my opinion, so I'm flattered! I haven't written up any sheets yet as it is a new composition, I certainly could though. If and when I do, I will message you, sound good? 




 I was not actually familiar with his work until now, so thank you so much for introducing me to it! Any favourite pieces you could recommend?  









 That is true, I have heard they listen to a lot of 'Godspeed You! Black Emperor Penguin' 




 So you're saying bi-polar bears are retired bears who fly south for the summer? But wouldn't that make them air-bears? 









 In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!! 




 Actually I wanted my religion to be mainly about fishing. I should have picked better autobiographers, dad only knows what they were smoking! 




 Yeah my dad has been going through a rough patch. See he really looked after the dinosaurs but they were all "naah fuck you Imma stomp all over this bitch and eat everything!" so he killed them with his space-balls (I think you mortals call them "meteors").

Then you fuckers had to go and think dinosaurs are cool and make films about it! No wonder he's pissed! 




 Nah thats my dad, I just hang out and tell people to be cool. I sometimes burn my face on someones toast if I'm bored. 




 We call that gas and liquid.  




 Whats a sweetheart like you doing in a place like this? 









 [Wait, What the fumble-fucks am I seeing here?](http://imgur.com/lNrcxRP) 




 Mekong Whiskey. Seriously bad idea to drink it, it is made exclusively for tourists so they don't care what goes in it, they can be highly toxic. If you drank it recently, go throw up. I am not kidding.

Disclaimer: I worked in SE Asia for a time, [here is a picture I took of Mekong Whiskey.](http://imgur.com/6A78txp) 




 I remember that. I believe the sign now above the gate is a replica isn't it? I went in 2007, it was disturbing to see that thing in real life, knowing how many poor souls had marched under it and how cruel those words would seem 




 I feel you are being a little over fair here. Judging by that article (that article being my only sauce of information on this) this organisation did a great deal for these people, such as already paying down $700,000 and building infrastructure on the island to help them gain more income for themselves, with the plan to keep paying these payments in chuncks, if that article is accurate. These are not cave-people and I don't think they would thank you for the comparison. They live in the modern world where capitol is important and communication with the rest of the world is prevalent. 

And yet if you lived your life off deer and someone told you to stop hunting...

Deer are not the equivalent of dolphins. Deer are relatively very unintelligent and are a natural prey animal to most carnivorous species, including humans. Despite this they are plentiful and breed well. Dolphins have demographic language, social groups, use tools and hunt in packs, they are exceptionally intelligent and their brain to body ratio estimates them to be very close to human intelligence. They suffer acutely if attacked and are not nearly as abundant as deer. I am not saying one animal is more valuable than the other, however one is natural pray and is probably too unintelligent to suffer acutely, the other is rare and highly intelligent and suffers acutely.

As I say, we are not dealing with a time warp, these are not cave people who must hunt to save their families. They are members of the modern world who can produce their own food without hunting dolphins, as this organisation has been helping them doing. The slaughter of all these creatures, for the sake of a financial dispute is disgusting and despicable and should not be defended. There is no excuse. 




 That was my TIL! I feel internet famous! My life has validity again! 




 Granted, these people had obviously been taken for a ride by this charity whom must shoulder at least some of the blame. This is a disgusting and infantile reaction though, and should be met with retribution. I hate to use the word '*savage*' but is exactly what these people have proven to be. If this organisation pays them now, after this, then is an utter failure in logic and stupid. This is nothing more than a toddler smashing a beautiful and precious gift in a tantrum, and should not be met with anything but condemnation. They have forfeited their right to any price or property they were promised, and justly so. If they are punished by lack of funds or whatever was agreed upon for this barbaric act, so be it. 




 "Defend" being the usual pathetic euphemism used by all modern military. Wouldn't it be a funny world if euphemisms couldn't be used by officials, this headline would be '**Kim vows powerful measures to fuck shit up on behalf of North Korea**' 




 Fascists, not Communists. Lets call a spade a spade shall we? 




 Agreed. I have been to Portugal, it kicks ass. 




 Thats the difference between '*de facto*' and '*du Jure*' legality. Portugal still has some prohibitions, like selling it, that are still punishable. North Korea is the only country that has no restrictions at all. 




 I say it is '*du jure*' in North Korea as it is the only country that does not prohibit Cannabis possession. There are other countries such as Cambodia and Iran where it is permissible '*de facto*', but still legally punishable 









 You already posted this with the exact same title several times in the last few months. Reddit remembers. Stop it. 




 I say it is '*du jure*' in North Korea as it is the only country that does not prohibit Cannabis possession. There are other countries such as Cambodia and Iran where it is permissible '*de facto*', but still legally punishable. 




 I DONT LIKE CHANGE!!! 




 Thanks Sickipedia 




 Thank you! I had tried to find the user but had no joy! 









 Thank you, I will repost correctly. Apologies, I wasn't aware of that rule. 




 [Do The Evolution - Pearl Jam](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDaOgu2CQtI) 




 I'm re-reading Mario Puzo's 'The Godfather'. Timeless book. 




 It's okay to litter because Wombles will clean up after you. 









 "Back, and to the left." 




 I knew an old sailor once. He told me he went overboard, tangled in the sails. They pulled him out, but it took him five minutes to cough. He said it was like...going home.

Edit: I once told you about a sailor who described drowning to me. I was lying. He said it was agony. 




 Slightly interesting that Churchill, though holding high military rank, never grew a moustache. Trivial though it may seem, this would have been highly irregular at the time and probably caused a minor stir. 









 ...why are you downvoting me? I was attempting to help. If you play an E on a piano, and you play and E on a guitar, and you play an E on a Ukulele you will find they are all the same notes. Yes the Uke is different, that is why its a different instrument. It still uses the same scale of notes as any other instrument. 




 Fair enough, these are the chords for the guitar, probably a sensible assumption as the song is played on guitar. And the Ukulele is tuned differently, although that makes no difference on what chords go with what song. Think about it. 




 Good on you! The bike is the least useful though, try rowing! Obviously everything is good, but like I say you need to push yourself hard, especially if you have a lot of weight to lose! If you have shin trouble then all the more reason to get good trainers for the gym! 




 The chords are completely wrong here. Correct chords:

| E / C#m / G# / A :||

The E is the normal open chord, the other three should all be Barre Chords. I can't be bothered to write down the riff, I shall if reddit insists. 




 Nice try officer! 




 It sounds like a total cliche I know, but get a gym pass and force yourself to go at least 3 times a week, 4 if you can. When you are there you need to keep your heart rate high, it depends on your level of general fitness how you do this but it is important to really push yourself to get results. Get yourself a pair of decent trainers for running/walking and make sure you eat correctly, which doesn't mean only eating nasty green things! The important thing is to positively encourage this, so if you go to the gym reward yourself with something you like, although preferably not food. I have also just dropped a load of weight, so have just done all this myself! 




 You find a way to talk to her face to face and let her know you have feelings for her. If she laughs at you, burn her house down. 




 I commend your instance on accuracy, so I will attempt to clarify some of these points. The US did bomb a great deal of land in Cambodia which caused obvious disruption to farming, however the real problem was and is land mines. Cambodia and Laos still have an enormous problem with land mines because the US covered huge areas of rural land with them which are still active and still represent an enormous threat to this day. About 1000 people are killed or severely maimed by land mines every year in Cambodia and Laos, I am not exaggerating, a visit to either of these otherwise beautiful countries is enough to impact just how big the problem is. And the US is doing absolutely nothing to help clean up the mess they caused, or prevent the deaths all these people. Only last year did the US start a clean up operation of all the Agent Orange used, if you don't know what it is google it. Kissinger was lucky to escape without a war crimes trial.

As for the execution of prisoners, the Khmer Rouge converted a school in Phnom Penh into the S21 jail. This is were the documented every prisoner held there and on what grounds they were arrested, almost all were 'political prisoners'. There are records and photographs of over a million people. S21 was were many died but most were horrifically tortured, however the 'Killing Fields' as it became know was an area outside Phnom Penh where most were executed. There are enormous mass graves, a room filled with the skulls of victims and a tree is signposted as where small children were thrown against in order to kill them. It is hard to overstate the extent of the evil performed by the Khmer Rouge, but it is certain that they knowingly and deliberately put millions of innocent people to death. 




 I have also been there, you will probably recall there is a room in Birkenau camp similar to what I described; thousands of pictures of those who died. In that case they were just normal photographs taken of happy, smiling people or couples or whole families with no idea what was in store for them, all of whom perished in the camp. I have never spoken aloud of either of these horrible places I have been, it is simply too painful. 




 That is the sort of drivel that only the indoctrinated would resort to in a debate, so this shall probably be my last entry. You just confirmed it, the church pushes us mere mortals to be beyond 'human nature'. What a despicable thing to say, surely you can see the faulty logic for yourself? I will repeat my argument, if you believe in the Catholic God you believe in a deity that created us sick, and *commanded* us to be well. Condoms will not cure the virus, nor will they heal those afflicted, but they will prevent millions of otherwise healthy, normal people from contracting the condition and the virus today would a fraction of the epidemic that it is. These are not statistics we are arguing about, these are human lives. Millions of fully aware, fully sentient human beings have died a humiliating, painful death because of the stigma placed on condoms by religious bodies. How can this be the lesser of two evils? 

Please, consider the problem for yourself and do your own thinking before regurgitation the garbage you have been dictated in church. You can make your own mind up on these matters, to think for yourself makes us human, to blindly agree makes us cattle. Make your choices. 




 As someone who has been to Cambodia and the S21 Jail and the mass graves of the killing fields just outside Phnom Penh, I find this extremely moving. It was a horrible experience to visit such evil places, many of the instruments of torture have been left in the jail and most are simply too awful to describe or recall. What is strange and deeply disturbing is the Khmer Rouge documented and photographed every prisoner who lived and died in the S21 Jail, and there is now a room in which all wall space is taken up by pictures of the poor souls who perished. All with this expression of knowing what lay in store for them, all gazing out from every angle. Though the pictures are old and faded, witnessing that much human suffering is truly disturbing and brings a lump to my throat even now, recalling it 




 I am not refuting that the Catholic church does help those in need, they do spend a great deal on charity as anyone can see. However, it is very easy to argue that the greatest damage to public health in Africa and the responsibility for the miserable and wretched deaths of *millions* of human beings lies squarely at the feet of the Catholic Church's stand on condoms and birth control. It is not a matter of religious vs secularist opinion at all; any rational, objective and moral person in full view of the facts would be appalled by the contraband placed on condoms. Sure, if people did not engage in pre-marital sex the virus would not be such a terrible affliction in the world, but that is not human nature: if any divine creator wished this to be the case he/it/they should have taken time to create a different creature. It is the classic case of mankind being created sick and commanded to be well.

Disclaimer: Please do not assume I am some neck-beard Atheist from /r/atheism having a rant. I am an objective adult and have seen the damage rout by these issues first hand. 




 I think the Church's stand on Condoms and AIDs in Africa is enough to illustrate the moral bankruptcy and total hypocrisy of this spending. There are many aid organisations that spend great deals of money, often given voluntarily by those who can, on helping those in need. The Church is the only aid organisation that demands anything from those they help, and what they demand is truly adherent, as is any policy that excepts the death of millions to a terrible affliction such as AIDs as the lesser evil. No, The Vatican is no source for good in this world. 




 Its like someone turned mid-life-crisis into a picture! 




 You may not, humanity may still have a chance. 




 Mongrels, from BBC3 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongrels_(TV_series) 




 I knew I recognised that taste from somewhere... 




 One can still hope that humanity will grow out of the infancy his existence  and stand fast with the courage to look reality in the face. 




 The Reform Church of The Most Holy Hitchens 




 Every decision ever made while drinking. Also, the time I went into the bear pit 




 either that or evolving sideways bending thumbs? 




 How incredibly condescending. 




 ...with the cunning use of flags 




 ...and this is how you drink if you happen to be batshit crazy! 




 [Here you go](http://store.apple.com/nz/product/MB110LL/B/apple-keyboard-with-numeric-keypad) 




 Plot twist: OP persuaded his sister to let him take this picture in exchange for extra kissing practice.  




 It is a matter of immense personal pride that I can say I have been there. Not to the peak, however I trekked (alone) to Everest Base Camp and climbed a total of 13,000 feet with a 24kg backpack. At times Oxygen dropped as low as 30% sea level and I did it all in a pair of tatty old chucks! Easy the most awesome thing I have and probably will ever do! 
























 If you trace your family tree back to approximately 1000 AD and made a list of all your direct ancestors, you will find that you will have written down more names than there have ever been human beings on Earth. 

Crazy yes, but think about it, it is true.
 




 Shooting a car, or a petrol tank will cause a massive super-explosion. In reality you just had a dead car with holes in it. 




 ITT: People preparing Advice Mallard Memes for April Fools Day 




 A buffet in a Mosque? 




 May I strongly Suggest [Philips Shs3200](http://www.google.co.nz/search?num=20 hl=en safe=off q=Philips+Shs3200/10 ie=UTF-8 tbm=isch source=og sa=N tab=li biw=1271 bih=684 sei=iIhTUcfOH4ftkAWAkIDADA). I started using them in the gym ages ago, they are perfect. The only thing is, for any headphones with wires, be sure to have the wire trailing down your back and not your front, to avoid snagging it on any equipment  









 Is the universe finite or infinite. Either answer would be simultaneously stunning and chilling. 




 Scary Monsters Nice Sprites - Skrillex

 Might not be a popular opinion here, but it is a well written piece and might be an indication to what direction electronic or popular music might head in the future 




 Funny, I didn't notice any scarring on Mel Gibson's face in his latest films! The things they can do with make-up these days... 




 This is clearly a case for /r/KarmaCourt  









 You forgot to thank the good folk at QI, the source of 75% of the facts on this sub!  









 Its cute how you yanks still think there is any difference between Democrats and Republicans. Like American politics isn't simply neo-capitalism. Like being able to vote for one of two parties is anything similar to democracy. 'Left' and 'Right' mean little in American politics these days. 




 [How I imagine BloodyEjaculate's reaction](http://imgur.com/TO7OW)


That is quite a username he has. 




 http://imgur.com/Bu0Y9 




 Yes, a french poet and friend of Picasso Guillaume Apollinaire was originally arrested as he had outspoken anti-Louvre views, and he sold out Picasso, despite the fact that Picasso was innocent! This was in 1911 before Picasso became world famous 




 Yes, that is the name of the book. Hitchens is quoted as saying "*it was either that or Sacred Cow, and I thought Sacred Cow would be in bad taste.*"

The subheading is 'Mother Teresa: In Theory   in Practice'
 




 Google has many. My main source is Christopher Hitchens' book '*The Missionary Position*' 




 [See this comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1a21l8/okay_well_keep_you_on_the_cover_hitler_but_fuck/c8tixny) 




 Yes. My main sauce is Christopher Hitchen's book '*The Missionary Position*', I suggest you start there. There are plenty more; several documentaries have interviewed Nuns previously in Mother Teresa's employ who worked at the hospices. Plenty of people visited the hospices, especially in Calcutta and gave plenty of evidence to the squalid conditions. There is a huge amount of sauce material on this.

Before Bernie Madoff broke the record, the largest fraud in history was done by a man named Charles Keating. Keating donated much of his ill gotten money to Mother Teresa's organisation. After he was caught it was requested that Teresa give the money back, though she had no legal obligation to do so, so it could be returned to those who had been defrauded by Keating. Not one penny was returned. This is historical fact. Just because you have not looked up the sauces, does not mean they do not exist or aren't credible.  



















 Not at all. I have explained my opinion. If you want to disagree with me that is your privilege. I have better things to do than troll the internet though 




 Agreed, and Mother Teresa absolutely shouldn't be.

EDIT: allow me to clarify. Mother Teresa is one of those people who gained a reputation by having a reputation. She did not, as some of you fine people appear to think, save millions of lives, or even improve the condition of those lives. She ran hospices for the dying. According to credible sauces those in her care were not allowed medicine or visits from family or friends and were expected to suffer and die. In fact, Teresa herself many times spoke of how important 'suffering' was to her ministry. Meanwhile she is flying around the world shaking hands and accepting cheques from all sorts of highly reputable people, such as Charles Keating or the dictators of Haiti. She was given the Nobel Peace Prize for aparently no reason at all (as was Obama and Kissinger, but thats another story), and in her acceptance speech claimed that "abortion is the biggest risk to peace". She had very little influence on the world yet gained a huge reputation, and is remember for her reputation rather than her deeds, which are questionable at best and deceitful despicable at worst.
I have been as concise as I can here, and this is the tip of the tip of the iceberg. I am not simply being brave or edgy. 




 My most sincere apologies Ma'am! I went to loads of countries (19 total), they were just two of my favourites and had the coolest stamps for passports! If your interested in travelling [here is an AMA I did about my adventures](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/14dbv0/i_travelled_around_the_entire_world_solo_when_i/)! 




 Thank you kind sir! AMA! 




 You could be the sort of person to think "*He must be a king! He hasn't got shit all over him!*" when I ride past on my pony! 




 NZ: Chilled out, had a few beers, got taken over by Saruman.  




 Damn it, you said it before me! I nearly managed to fill a standard british passport by my nineteenth birthday. Personal favourite stamps are Nepal and Vietnam! 




 Probably the most expensive collection that will show up on this thread! 




 I recently decided to break up a friendship with sycophantic, two faced person who I'm pretty sure still stalks my reddit profile. Lets see where this post takes me... 









 TIL that exists! Wow! 




 My prediction for this thread, lots and lots of [this meme](http://imgur.com/WjsuaaB.jpg) 




 Love 




 Lefty musician here. Decent left handed guitars are usually at least double the price of normal ones and are very hard to come by. Because of this I play right handed, which is awkward. 




 When I am unknown I am something. Yet when I am known I am nothing. What am I?

[A Riddle](/spoiler) 




 You have three apples. You are with two fathers and two sons. You give an apple to everyone. How?

[They are grandfather, father, son](/spoiler) 




 Is your dad from an old ghost story? Had the hitchhiker already been dead for 10 years? 




 Call of Duty Zombies beamed strait into my brain so I live it in real life.  




 You should know it is possible and possibly cheaper to go to other countries instead. 




 I may be male, but I know what you mean. I can't tell you how many times I have been walking down the street and some inconsiderate prick walking behind me goes and steps on my penis. 




 We usually win our wars though, foolish colonials.  









 Possibly, depends how thorough a job he was doing! 




 '*you look good in your Facebook pictures*'

I had never met this person before. True story. 




 Windows 7 was my idea. My bad guys. 




 It's exactly like a child being told to go bed early isn't it. 

But with nuclear weapons. 




 Under the name A. Hidel if I'm not mistaken 









 In fairness yesterdays post that said she had confirmed she was going to be involved was based on a one word answer to a journalist 




 plot twist: kurtios is Daniel Day Lewis 




 do you know what 'nemesis' means? 




 If you are truly one in a million, that means there is an army of 2000 yous in China and India. 




 I once spent an entire day climbing a mountain (I was in Wanaka, New Zealand at the time) without telling anyone where I was going or taking a phone, so if I had got in trouble it would have been serious. I climbed it though, made it back to town, went out for some celebration beverages then tripped over a pavement and broke my leg. Spent the next month on crutches. 




 "*you have become truly lost*" 




 Matt Berry as Douglas Reynholm  




 Yes, but if you get pulled over by the fuzz: "*put your stash, in your ass!*" 




 "TURN LEFT! MY PARENTS ARE DEAD!!"

You make a wrong turn...

"**WHERE ARE THEY?!?**" 




 Even if her and Ford do join I highly doubt they will have a serious role. IMO it will just be a short cameo to tie the storylines together and the films will actually be completely separate. 




 **THIS** is why the world needs time-machines!! 




 I find it slightly bizarre and disturbing that as president, you would have to approach religious authorities to issue a fatwa against execution of gays, rather than use your own authority. I understand that this may be necessary due to the power held by the mullahs or the ayatollah. Perhaps it may be more appropriate to attempt to limit the power held by these figures sir, or would that be political suicide? The opinion of many people in the western world is if peace is to be had and Iran to progress as a 21st century nation, the power held by religious agencies must be limited and separated from political matters. I would love to know your opinion on this.

Thank you very much doing this AMA sir, and thank you for taking the time to read this comment. 




 As a piano player and enthusiast, I can confirm that this is utterly awesome. OP should repost to /r/piano 




 "*If anyone comes to me and does not hate his father and mother, his wife and children, his brothers and sisters--yes, even his own life--he cannot be my disciple.*"

"*Take no thought for the morrow*"

"*I was sent only to the lost sheep of Israel.*

Stuff like that? Far too many people hold Jesus up as a moral exemplar, the truth of the matter is that the Jesus of the Bible was racist, immoral and tied to wish-thinking and belief in magic. True he is an improvement over the genocidal maniac of the Old Testament, but that is much like saying Stalin wasn't quite as bad as Hitler. No, Jesus was not a great teacher, we do not need his example.  




 Jesus 




 You. [I like you.](http://imgur.com/RiEsEUI) 




 Is that a Nord Stage 2? 




 All the sweaters are donated! Some people think the only donation they can give a charity like SPCA is money, which just isn't true! Anything animal related like toys, food or leads are always really appreciated so if you made some sweaters for your local animal group they would be very grateful! These guys live in Wellington SPCA, New Zealand 




 These guys live in Wellington SPCA, New Zealand 




 Your comment made me sad and happy at the same time! So sorry to hear about your friends dog, but glad these little squirmers cheered you up a bit! They are adorable, and it is my job to look after them and put on their little puppy-sweaters! It's the perfect job! 









 Well, no seeing how the title is somewhat misleading and the fact of the matter just isn't true.  




 [Here is a separate link explaining the ET reference. Mods won't allow submissions from this site though.](http://www.neatorama.com/2008/09/10/6-things-inspired-by-einstein/) 




 No it very much isn't. You may find one quote somewhere that says it is, but its like saying Catholics don't actually disagree with birth-control as the pill isn't mentioned in The Bible. Homosexuality is hugely discriminated against in all schools of Islam and is punishable by a gruesome execution in Islam-ruled countries (I am referring mainly to UAE, and Saudi Arabia) 









 I was born in England and emigrated to New Zealand last year. AMA!

New Zealand does kick a whole lot of ass, the people are nice and the scenery is awesome! 




 The internet: The only place you will meet someone so desperate they will start a relationship with a complete stranger who doesn't even speak the same language. 




 Someone on Reddit is being pedantic?! This is a thing unheard of! 




 [Some information on Trotsky](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leon_Trotsky). Here is [another example of Soviet picture editing](http://imgur.com/IfCz5O5.jpg), in this case it is Nikolai Yezhov, former head of the NKVD (Stalin's secret police) who was edited out of many photos after his execution.

Also, notice several other men have been edited out (the man with two to the left of Lenin as well as the man with the dark beard in the foreground). It is unclear who they are or why they were removed however, in my opinion they are probably Trotsky sympathisers. 









 Your observation is correct, but you forget the vital importance of being Earnest. 




 Damn it, apologies for the typo. Can't be edited now, well spotted. 




 [A photo of the Trinity Detonation.](http://imgur.com/5eL0d.jpg)

The black specs along the horizon are tall trees. The detonation was apparently more massive than anyone anticipated. 

"Now I am become Death. The destroyer of worlds." 














 stop being an arsehole. The art is impressive, it doesn't have to be utterly unique. What puzzles me is what makes is sacred? I understand (I believe due to idolatry laws, correct me if I'm wrong) this type of calligraphy is associate with islam, however this is a very beautiful drawing of lines and shapes. It has no immediate religious significance, so why qualify it as 'sacred'? 




 Brilliantly crafted story, well played sir! Kind of reminded me of [Bedfellows](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z6xGU2_g9s) 




 'born on the same day' may imply born on the same date in different years. That is not the case. 




 ...and Abe Lincoln! 




 The night is black as I lay in the sheets

My eyes are heavy as I prepare for my sleep

Suddenly a noise, I've heard it before

The tap-tap-tapping from beneath the floorboards

I freeze up inside as I hear it again

The sound of the creature hidden therein

I calm myself down, there's no need to be scared

I padlocked his cage, he's going nowhere 




 "Mommy Mommy, I saw a monster!" Timmy shrieked as he rushed out of the bathroom and into his mothers arms.

Smiling very slightly the mother held her son as he hugged her in fright, stroking his hair soothingly. "I've told you Timmy there's no such thing as monsters! You have such an imagination! Where did you see it?"

"In the bathroom," Timmy said in a small voice, still clutching his mother as all small children will do when they are frightened.

Mother knew her son had an overactive imagination and would not be able to sleep until she had proven there was no monster to him. She glanced up at the bathroom door, which had been left ajar.

A thrill of horror shot up her spine as she saw the mirror. Suddenly she felt the bile rising in her throat as though she was about to be sick. Her son was still reflected in the glass as though he was still standing before the mirror, yet her son had never looked like this, never looked so evil.

The thing in the mirror that so resembling her son gazed malevolently back out at her, an evil smile rising on its face. Its lips started to move.

"Let's play," said Timmy. 




 Fun fact: Both these men appear on modern currency, Lincoln on the American Penny, Darwin on the English twenty pound note. 









 "I made a promise Mister Frodo, a promise! 'Dont you leave his Samwise Gamgee'. And I don't mean to, I don't mean to." 




 Here come the 'Tropic Thunder' quotes.... 




 Sunshine 









 A young girl is playing in her bedroom when she hears her mother call her from the kitchen, but as she passes the cupboard at the bottom of the stairs a hand reaches out and pulls her inside: it is her mother who whispers in her ear "don't go into the kitchen, I heard it as well, be as quiet as you can." 




 In the time it takes you to realise what is wrong, it will already be too late 




 Part of me salutes you for this response as you are, like so many other people have done, bending over backwards to make something that is so painfully obviously immoral into something good. Your explanation of original sin is good, mankind by its very nature is selfish, it is one of the three most obvious products of our long evolution (These being: self-preservation, the impulse for food and the impulse for sex). This helps to make nonsense of the commandment '*Love Thy Neighbour as you would yourself*'. The thing simply cannot be done, the most altruistic, loving person you know would not be able to accomplish such a feat. HOWEVER, though I respect your argument, *this is not an explanation of Original Sin*. Not even close. This is you attempt to justify an obviously immoral practise, for which I do not blame you. Original Sin is the hereditary blame passed down through the male line for Eve's bite from the fruit of knowledge. It is punishment that every human being inherits from the moment of conception for the crime committed by a distant ancestor. *This is not moral*. Just to compound the offence, let us look again at the 10 commandments. The punishment God lays down for making a graven image is: "*I the Lord your God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and fourth generation*". The punishment of children for the crimes of their parents or grandparents is universally considered immoral today, let alone the condemnation of the entire human race for a non-crime committed, that hurt no one, by a fictional character in the antiquated past. This is, there is no other word, evil. I respect your attempt to square this by granting a different explanation, but by its very nature you can not cherry pick religion. 




 Please do not cast this response aside as argumentative, I would like to provide a reasoned counter argument to your comment but I do not wish to offend anyone.

What I find deeply troubling and disturbing about what you have said is that /u/kblaxchick "*is a sinner and deserves to be tossed into a lake of fire*". Yet you don't know this person and neither do I, the odds are that no one on this thread knows this person well enough to make any sort of judgement close to that in magnitude; it is a serious thing to say. Yet, because of what we already know about Christianity, this statement is normal and fair and you got 5 up-votes. We should see there is something wrong here. Christianity teaches, as you have already acknowledged, that *all* people, every man woman and child, is a sinner and should burn in torment forever and ever. Take a moment to consider, *why*? It is something more sinister than emotional blackmail, due to the condemnation of our basic human urges every Christian child has it burned into their mind that they are wicked and are going to go to hell if they don't believe in Jesus. You may say it is not like that, but you have already shown that this thought-process is 'normal' and to a child's mind visions of hellfire and the devil are more than just stories. The conscription of children for the purpose of this kind of blackmail is evil, there is no other word. If you had not had this done to you as a child, you might not have been so quick to call /u/blaxchick a sinner deserving of hell. If we are all sinners then God should have taken care to create a different species. It is the classic dogma of a person being created sick, and commanded on pain of eternal torment to be well. Christopher Hitchens compared it to living in a theological North Korea, "*but at least you can fucking die and leave North Korea.*" 




 Thank you for your response! I don't want to offend anyone so before I write a response of my own, would you welcome a reasonable theological discussion about what you have written or would you take offence?  




 If I may interject, I don't think an adversarial debate is really getting anyone anywhere, so lets put our pitchforks down shall we? 

As to /u/josh_thompson's point about historical evidence of The Bible. I'm afraid he does have a strong argument, there is excellent archeological as well as historic evidence that there was no exile from Egypt, there was no wandering in the desert. There have been many archeological attempts to research these topics, all of which overwhelmingly agree that these stories are erroneous. There are other checkable dates or events in The Bible that have since proven to be inaccurate after careful research, for example the census at the time of Jesus' birth and Noah's flood, for examples. If these stories are true they are checkable and verifiable through a number of methods, and the unavoidable fact is there is plenty of evidence to show that they are not true; they are myths, stories and parables. Now look at other Bible stories such as Abraham's readiness to sacrifice Isaac, or the slaughtering of the citizens of Sodom, Gomorra or Jericho, the detailed commandments on the keeping of slaves. In that light, aren't you just a little glad that The Bible is not infallible? 

As for /u/this_to_shall_pass's points about science. You are quite correct, there are many complicated things that science as yet can not fully explain, although not the items you list. The danger comes when we start to see the holes in science and automatically fill them with God. For a great deal of history God was credited with the creation of humanity. We now know, thanks to Darwin, that we have a entirely satisfactory explanation for the existence of complex life, thus God is demoted to sunsets and mountains etc (all of which are perfectly explainable). This is called '*God of the gaps*', and most theists (believers) try to avoid due to its fickle nature. Just because science cannot yet explain something, that gives no indication that God is any more credible, and when science discovers an explanation for a phenomena such as gravity, geology or life on Earth, God is instantly discredited.

As to my own point of view. I look at the world (and my own human body) and I see extraordinary wonder in the complexity and beauty of what we all have. The chance that every human is given at life is precious beyond words because of its uniqueness and finiteness. You will never have a second chance at living this life and there is so much wonder to be seen and had that makes life precious, the most precious commodity there is. The idea that this life is a mere waiting room, a passage to the hereafter (incidentally, if life after death is infinite, what exactly is the reason for this life, or Earth at all?) then that utterly demeans life and destroys its value. Your life is so precious because it will never come again. You only have one chance to make the very most you can of it. Don't waste it.

Please don't think I am being aggressive or argumentative in this response, I felt it might be useful to open a reasonable discussion on this, rather than an aggressive discussion, and I welcome any response that is reasonable. 




 In a completely respectful way, I would like to ask you to explain why this is? Please do not mistake me for the classic Reddit-style 'fire and brimstone' atheist, I am simply curious about your faith, and would love to hear your point of view! 




 It would end in a fist-fight between Hitler and Stalin while Mao quietly commits atrocities under the table. 




 I don't think it is the default. It is just that a lot of people express their (pretty lame) dig at society or social norms by posting on /r/athiesm. Not to say that there aren't plenty of thought out, intelligent posts on there as well. 




 Pretty much every line in 'A Hard Rains A-Gonna Fall' 




 No. Just like all things in The Bible there is no way of quantifying these facts and this is merely someones opinion, not a historically accurate and verifiable fact. Personally, due to the actual quote being *'The valley of the shadow of Death'* I would say it is very obviously metaphor for living in adversity.

Also this is a reverse causation. There exists now a valley called that. That does not however mean that that is what the line refers to. It may be more accurate to assume that the valley is named for the psalm, not vice versa. 




 Is...is that why its called pi? 




 pedanticism is not a sense of humour. 




 This man will never eat shellfish again 




 I take this to be a metaphor for absolute confidence going in followed by instant disaster. 




 Nothing in life is ever this simple. I think your username is a lie! 




 If you have to ask that question, I think its fair to say the answer is 'yes' 




 Two of my grandparents had bi-polar, so there is fairly even chance I will develop it in later life and I am already showing signs (I'm 22). I absolutely empathise with the difficulty of knowing there is a chance you will not always been mentally "normal", it can be quite a burden to bare.  




 All of you?! 




 A lot of people went to school with me, and now I have 16K link karma! As you can see I have done very well for myself! 




 If it please the court, I would like to submit myself as a witness for the prosecution as it was I who originally caught /u/bballgamer on [this thread on TIL](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/18m93t/til_that_at_the_premiere_of_beethovens_9th_police/) and bought the case to the attention of the authorities of Reddit. 




 I wrote my University Thesis on Beethoven and Mozart. I fail to see the relevance to someone flooding on Reddit. 




 indeed, especially karma whoring to this degree 




 everyone should know about /r/YouShouldKnow  




 stop reposting top posts from this subreddit. This is the 15^th today. 




 Dude, stop just reposting the top TIL posts. Seriously. This is your 14^th  post on TIL today, all of which are reposts. 
























 All shampoo does is make your hair greasy if you don't use shampoo. I once stopped using it for 9 months while travelling, my hair has never been lovelier! Humans simply don't need it, but once you start using it, you have to continue!  




 Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not some farcical aquatic ceremony! 




 Quite a story, thanks for sharing! Do you know who the guy with the dog was in the film? 









 I hope this doesn't get to the front page as it is such an horrendously out of context quotation. 




 Call me a square but I would hate to work there!  




 Aaah, tastes like feudalism!  




 [How the fuck do these people leave the house??](http://imgur.com/uDQ8er3.jpg) 









 I find that one of the many wonders of nature is just how stupid some people are. 




 Wait, the charge of the light brigade was a historical event? I always thought it was a poetic allegory, or Tennyson was using a fictitious event as a moral exemplar for pre-great war british children, not a documentable historical fact.

Also, I hate to be the one to point this out, but if this were an authentic battlefield there would be a lot more debris than just a few cannonballs. Not saying this isn't genuine, just it might be fair to assume this was either a very selective and pre-organised photograph, or it was taken some considerable time after the event. 




 "*Who the fuck is Oscar Wilde??*" - Shakespeare  




 No no no, I believe Noam Chomsky said that, not Oscar Wilde!   




 That wasn't in italics, I don't think its a real quote! Although it does rhyme. 




 Pig's knickers. This sounds like the sort of legend that springs up around legendary individuals 




 "*Quiet King_Llama, nobody likes you!*" - Oscar Wilde 




 Oscar Wilde only wrote one novel....

This leads me to believe this quote may be spurious. He wrote mostly plays and short stories, but only one full-length novel, '*The Picture of Dorian Grey*' 




 Sunshine - John Murphy 




 I had not heard about that, do you have a sauce? It's not mentioned in the article, which makes it seem like this group (called '*Hefazat-e Islam*') are simply demonstrating for much stricter Islamic rule in Bangladesh. 














 Holy balls, I'm from Sheringham! Do I know you without knowing I know you...? 




 I'm not attacking anyone, friend. I wasn't expecting 100% approval, obviously. I will stand up for myself when insulted however, or challenge someone with counter views to mine in a reasonable discussion, for the sake of expanding my own learning if nothing else. 




 So you take particular exception with my collection simply for my small set of atheist literature? Ergo you dismiss the works of Dickens, Austin, Marquez, Orwell etc. as unworthy of you, because they appear on the same shelf as Harris   Dawkins?

I realise you are trolling me, I would just like everyone else in the thread to realise that. 




 Seeing as there are almost 50 individual books here: some novels, some factual, some poetry collections, some academic works etc., it is a little blas of you to discredit them all *en masse* as porn. Do any specifically jump out at you as unworthy? Would you care to venture a suggestion of more highbrow works?  




 What exactly is your problem with my bookshelf, specifically? Is it that you don't like people reading books you feel are beneath you? Sir, intellectual elitism is possibly the most pompous trait a man might possess, and though you may feel superior looking at my modest bookshelf, keep it to yourself. I'm sure you read much more important and thought provoking literature, but does that mean that no one else should pursue their own tastes in literature, different to yours? 




 May I ask what lead you to that conclusion? 




 Literature 




 **Top Shelf**

* Alex Garland - Sunshine (Script)
* Joseph Conrad - Heart of Darkness
* Charles Dickens - A Tale of Two Cities
* Jane Austin - Pride   Prejudice
* William Golding - The Lord of the Flies
* Gabriel Garcia Marquez - Love in the Time of Cholera
* Alex Garland - The Beach
* Jack Kerouac - On The Road
* Jack Kerouac - Desolation Angels
* Woody Guthrie - Bound for Glory
* Gabriel Garcia Marquez - One Hundred Years of Solitude
* P.G Woodhouse - Life With Jeeves
* Bret Easton Ellis - American Psycho
* Cormac McCarthy - The Road
* George Orwell - 1984
* George Orwell - Homage to Catalonia
* J.D Salinger - The Catcher in the Rye
* Agatha Christie - Appointment With Death
* Agatha Christie - Poirot's Early Cases
* Mario Puzo - The Godfather
* Dan Brown - Angels   Demons
* *Rough Guide to* The Titanic
* *Rough Guide to* First Time Around The World
* *Rough Guide to* South East Asia on a Budget
* *Lonely Planet* - Trans-Siberian Railway
* *Lonely Planet* - 1000 Ultimate Sights

**Bottom Shelf**

* David Ray Griffin - The New Pearl Harbour Revisited
* Ian Peddie - The Resisting Muse: Music   Social Protest
* Richard Dawkins - Unweaving The Rainbow
* Richard Dawkins - The God Delusion
* Sam Harris - The End of Faith
* Christopher Hitchens - God is not Great
* Christopher Hitchens - The Missionary Position
* Christopher Hitchens - Mortality
* Christopher Hitchens - Hitch-22
* Stephen Fry - The Fry Chronicles
* Anthony Kiedis - Scar Tissue
* Bill Hicks - Love All the People
* Michael Palin - Himalaya
* *The Mammoth Book of* Bob Dylan
* Christopher Ricks - Dylan's Vision of Sin
* Donald Sassoon - Mona Lisa
* Dylan Thomas - Collected Poems (1934 - 1953)
* Up the Line to Death - The War Poets
* Primo Levi - The Drowned   The Saved
* Noam Chomsky - Rouge States
* The Penguin Complete Longer Non-Fiction of George Orwell
* Nazism - Rise to Power (1919-1945)
* QI - The Second Book of General Ignorance 









 The Beach - Alex Garland

*OR*

On The Road - Jack Kerouac  









 Marathon training. I don't think you would enjoy it! 




 Human consciousness. The fact that I can think and use logic is, when you think about it, bloody amazing! Sorry if this comment throws anyone into an existential crisis. 




 Acoustic guitars are very slightly easier to learn on because they *usually* have wider necks to make fingering easier. Plus they just sound nicer to play, especially for a nooby! Learn the basics (Chords, scales etc) on acoustic, then migrate to electric when you know your stuff a bit better! 




 Well short people have tantrums more often so there would be lots more social unrest. The people would rise up. 




 You have been banned from /r/GlobalHomosexualCouncil 




 Plot Twist: Daniel Day-Lewis also played the role of Tracy Morgan playing Joe Biden. I think he nailed it! 




 This prick represents atheists as much as Obama represents Victorian parlour-girls with gingivitis. 




 I don't get the reference, and I don't want to! 




 He is Boba Fett. He can do what the fuck he likes. 




 I just anti-climaxed 




 [The quiet euphoria of the completely batshit insane](http://imgur.com/ouONiOL) 




 [Anne Hathaway - woman of a thousand faces](http://imgur.com/rAmFMnr) 




 [What happens to girls inboxes after gonewild posts!](http://imgur.com/lUglWJL) 




 Do you suffer from paranoid delusions or paranoid schizophrenia by any chance? You think "*the government*" is really likely to want to come after you, or nuke you or shoot you? You really aren't that important. And "*the government*" are unlikely to attack their own people. 

You seem to imply that it was better when militia's of angry men could do what they like. If so I am clearly wasting my time, but I would be a great deal more afraid of angry militias than I would the government. 




 "**A DOG!!**" 




 I came here to say Oasis, because I'm english, but I agree with you also. 




 Yes. It absolutely is. What do you imagine, that your government will become corrupt and overnight become a dictatorship and you will someone be able to sort it all out because you have a gun? Don't be ridiculous, stop listening to paranoid rednecks.

The US Government is one of the most corrupt in existence, congressmen and lawmakers are payed small fortunes by companies and corporations to pass laws that suit industry rather than the individual, and the entire government is figureheaded by one man with infallible power. So, what you are you waiting for? 




 Sunshine. Mainly [because of the insanely powerful music](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBP853AzraU) 




 Shine On You Crazy Diamond. You barely even need the drugs! 




 Mommies kisses. And if that doesn't work heroin.  




 I just graduated with a degree in Music. On my first day of Uni, first lecture, my professor did a full out performance of John Cage's '*4:33*'. It might not have have been inappropriate, but it was the most awkward 4 minutes of my academic career 




 Er, no. No it doesn't. Silly person. 




 The principal behind this is called exponential growth; every generation you go back your number of direct ancestors doubles, so you have 2 parents, 4 grandparents, 8 great-grandparents, 16 great-great-grandparents etc. By the time you go back just 10 generations you already have over 1000 direct descendants! Extrapolate this over such a large time period as 1000 years and the number of  direct descendants you have will be so huge that it will be far more than there have ever been human beings.

There is a story in China that uses the same principal. A peasant puts a single grain of rice on a square of a chessboard and asks the emperor to give him two grains of rice on the next square and to keep doubling it across the board. The emperor agrees and by the time the peasant has made it to the last square he owns all the rice China has ever or will ever produce.

The family tree scenario works because after only a few generations your family tree will become so convoluted that it is inevitable that it will cross over many many times, so the same person will appear multiple times on your list. 




 Mindlessly quoting Bible verses instead of thinking for yourself! We have officially plumbed the depths of whit and intellect! What a privilege!  




 I'm going to take a guess that you sought advice on circumcision from someone involved in the clergy? I'm sorry to disagree with you but it has been proven by the medical profession that circumcision does not hold any benefit, think about it logically. If it were beneficial for men not to have foreskin, we simply wouldn't be born with it. Evolutionary economy is ruthless, everything evolved on a human body either serves or has served a purpose, surely that is obvious. Also the idea of preventing infection is utterly ridiculous, how many foreskin infections have you heard of? Teach you son to be hygienic, don't mutilate his body. As for sexual pleasure, use your common sense please. It desensitises the penis, that is pretty much the whole point.

As to Mosaic law: Surely the obvious contradiction is why would one God set down the laws for man to follow in one book of The Bible only for the other God to disagree with the laws and use his own for the second book of The Bible. This is meant to be the infallible word of God remember, if you are a Christian. 

The idea that forcing such an irreversible act upon a unknowing child makes me nauseous. Why wouldn't you respect your son enough to wait until he is old enough to make such a unalterable choice for himself, in full view of the facts? Why is it normal to do this to children?

I say it again, circumcision has no physical benefit. If it did, we would not be born with foreskin in the first place. Use your brain. 




 I happen to know a great deal about Christianity. The only old testament law Jesus definitively refuted was was that man could work on the sabbath, which remember was one of Gods ten infallible commandments, which of course negates the whole list of ten. The concept of having the Old Testament of laws followed by a the New Testament which negates those laws is utterly absurd, surely anyone can see that? If you are a Christian The Bible is meant to be the infallible word of God, why would one God disagree so much with the other (and himself) and what laws men should follow?  




 Nowhere did I mention Africa, nor anything related to race or any specific culture. Yet you assign these labels yourself. I shall not go so far as to accuse you of racism in return, but you seem to be more guilty of that you might realise.

Again you use the euphemism of *tradition*. Again, I point out that this is misleading, as a more accurate description might be *religious* tradition. I will of course admit that not all traditions are the same, but the uniting factor is that the *purpose* of genital mutilation of young girls is to stunt and repress sexual pleasure. This is barbarism. Do not protect such cruelty by claiming it as tradition. Do not patronise the thousands of miserable souls tortured by it. Do not be so cold and uncaring as to imply that such a vile thing should be sustained for the sake of *tradition*. To do so is moral equivalent of sacrificing these wretched girls on a stone alter.

Sources: Much of my specific information on this comes from various essays and books by Christopher Hitchens, as well as my own research in various journals (I volunteer with Unicef). For example, the use of the sharp stone, or the twine to be broken by male force upon marriage is part of the 'tradition', not me adding colour to the argument. I will not be so simple as to link the first article a google search will give me. 




 Personal strength. 




 Many people here are saying tradition which is somewhat misleading. The honest reason is *religious* tradition, rather than cultural. It is a commandment that all jewish boys must be circumcised on a specific day soon after birth. The man performing the circumsision is called a '*Mohel*' in Jewish tradition and to complete the process he cuts around the forskin, places his mouth on the severed penis and sucks off the foreskin before spitting it out with a mouthful of blood and spit. 

Remember that the Old Testament of the Bible is the Jewish Torah, so in theory any Christian has to follow every law that orthodox Jews do. Many modern American Christian continue the practice for this reason.

Circumcision has been roundly proven to not improve hygiene in the male and lessens sexual pleasure (as is presumably the whole point). It does not serve any medical purpose.

Apologies if this seems profanatory, I have been as to the point as I can 




 I feel slightly sick that this got so many upvotes. Female genital mutilation is a very real thing and affects millions of women world wide. It is a disgusting and inhuman practice in which the clitorus is cut off, often with a sharp stone and the vaginal opening is sawn up with twine, not to be broken until the dreaded marital night by male force. The reason and justification for this practice sits squarely at the feet of organised religion, I am not an fire and brimstone r/athiest but blame where blame is due.

It is barbaric and inhumane and, as it still ruins the lives of so many people and thus is a standing insult to our species womanhood, not subject for satire.

**EDIT**: I would love to know why this comment is being downvoted, feel free to offer a reply 




 The correct word is *prejudice*, not racist  




 Now I will look twice at any girls who have these as pets... 




 No worries, you son of a bitch! 




 No worries mate, as you are having a bad day [here is a corgi going rescuing a tennis ball](http://imgur.com/AUNtrIR) 














 They gave a couple of Lamborghinis to the Italian police, [It didn't end well](http://imgur.com/0m70QtO) 




 The fact you bang on about 'freedom' and 'liberty' so much, yet have one of the most corrupt governments of any western country, with measurably fewer personal freedoms. Also everyone in the civilised world has sorted out gun control but USA has too many rednecks it seems, but I'm sure that is something that irritates a lot of Americans as well! 




 The disproportionate level of religious fundamentalism in America strikes most people from elsewhere as odd and kinda disturbing. 




 bit of aioli, bit of bacon, forget about it! Damn, now I'm hungry 




 Fosters is not made in Australia. 




 I've never made it through to the end, do they get married? 




 I just read the wikipedia plot summery. Now I am distressed and must go and look at kittens, excuse me. 




 I have never understood people saying "*Who's your daddy?!*" What kind of fucked up role-play is this?! 




 Thank you kind sir, have an upvote in return! 




 As another New Zealander, I would like to clarify we are not all as self-centred as Waxdec 




 [Heres a slightly clearer diagram from the BBC](http://imgur.com/jaJO1ZT) 




 He is also a fucking dumb-ass for riding a chopper with no helmet and flip-flops. 




 [Why is this so popular?!](http://www.google.co.nz/search?num=20 hl=en safe=off q=cat%20bread um=1 ie=UTF-8 tbm=isch source=og sa=N tab=wi ei=boBmUZC9A4ahiAelnICYBA biw=1262 bih=684 sei=b4BmUYb5LoqQlQXQn4CwAg) 




 What exactly is this? 




 The trick with Solfeggietto is to play it at a smart even tempo which should give it some texture. The story my piano teacher told me is that Bach left no instruction on how fast it should be played so it's up to the performer to work it out, personally I find playing it at a good even speed does help to thicken the texture so you hear the overall chords rather than individual notes 




 [Relevant Thread.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1bvop2/whats_the_weirdest_thing_youve_done_when_horny/c9akwlc) 









 [The tension.....](http://imgur.com/KNjAO) 




 Not being objectified so often

[No you look here sugar-tits...](http://imgur.com/0jFtE4S) 




 When I stay at a friends house I sleep on the spare bed that is usually the cats domain. He would come in at 3 in the morning and punch me on the nose until I moved. Does that count? 




 I laughed throughout reading this, bravo OP! [OP's reaction, in a perfect world!](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3tqgvq/) 









 Thank you for coming back Arnold! 

When you were bodybuilding competitively did you take any special protein or diet supplements? I'm trying to work on some bodybuilding and just taking whey protein, would love to hear your opinion/advice!

I just watched '*Pumping Iron*', respect to you sir! Motivated me to work harder at the gym, so for that I thank you! Was there really that much competitiveness between you and Lou Ferrigno?

Thanks again for another AMA! 




 Well Clarice? Have the lambs stopped screaming? 




 [I get that reference, you scholar!](http://imgur.com/BrDOOn9) 




 [Here is the news story where I found this image, if anyone wants source.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22027867) 














 China has one of the most powerful militaries in the world, easily equal to the US army. Why do you think they get away with all the human rights violations, blatant fascism and the invasion of Tibet? Furthermore, why do you think NK gets away with starving its people and developing illegal weapons? 

It is because NK are backed by China who are too powerful in military and economic terms for anyone to do anything about it. If China side with NK and this goes to war, you can bet that will mean WWIII unless piece with china can be assured by the US. 









 Theres something unsettling in the constant eye contact, [isn't there.](http://imgur.com/eIKeoNo) 














 Agreed, Mass Destruction is a masterpiece though from a one-hit-wonder sort of band like Faithless. I think I read somewhere an interview with Dave Grohl who was once asked what song he wished he had written and he said Mass Destruction. 




 [Faithless - Mass Destruction](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1TsCud9QhU) 

Some people might disagree, in my opinion Faithless is at best mediocre, but this song...Kicks....Ass. 




 Sunshine.

Reason: [Alex Garland](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Garland), [Danny Boyle](http://www.google.co.nz/search?num=20 hl=en safe=off q=you+know+who+the+fuck+danny+boyle+is oq=you+know+who+the+fuck+danny+boyle+is gs_l=serp.3...22549.28371.0.30850.38.21.0.0.0.0.327.2870.2-9j2.11.0...0.0...1c.1.8.serp.5-ZHUWVnn5Q), [John Murphy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBP853AzraU). 




 An episode of QI before sleep every night! 




 The trouble is, because of the opaque nature of arabic, it is very difficult to translate arabic into other languages (hence the massively varied interpretations). I agree that reading it would certainly alter peoples perspectives, although much like the Old Testament (or Torah, call it what you will) the level of wanton violence might make people think twice about organised religion, if that is your goal. 




 1984 - It might just open a few people's eyes. 




 "*The treasure....is buried....beneath...the.........*" - Blackbeard, or any famous pirate 









 I emigrated to NZ last year. Last week I climbed Mount Taranaki and [took this](http://imgur.com/4lyKFiU), among many more.

 Karma please? 




 I literally live there. The stream is nasty, turn 180 degrees, you have [Wellington Harbour](http://imgur.com/jN65zS4.jpg)

Check. Mate? 




 Agreed. Just New Zealand happens to have a far higher percentage than most, seeing how the majority of the country looks like this. 

Source: I emigrated to NZ from UK a year ago 









 Your not a boy but you have balls? That's unusual... 









 I was once very sick in India for about 4/5 days, I had no one to help me as I was pretty much locked in a crummy hotel room and the temperature was getting as high as mid-50s celsius (Northern India in April). After a couple of days I was extremely sleep and food deprived and suppose my fever must have been off the charts as I started to hallucinate that my body was some kind of separate hostile entity that was fighting me, or waiting until I was off my guard or resting to make me be sick of worse again. 

I recovered after a few days, then spent the next month hiking solo in the Himalayas. I estimate I lost somewhere between 20-30 lb. in the space of a month. Totally worth it. 




 [ITT](http://imgur.com/xI47fQq) 




 I came here to find the things people lost. I don't think I can help you... although there was that song someone once played you that you never knew the name of, and of course [this game](http://www.miniclip.com/games/acnos-energizer/en/) you played every day in high school 




 I second this idea! 




 See you on /r/creepyPMs  




 Well yes, you are unlikely ever to witness 4/1/2013 again. You don't really have a choice 




 You mean the-rest-of-the-world-except-america convention. 




 [You know why OP.](http://imgur.com/sP5aT) 




 Reddit 




 Source: Earnest Hemmingway 
























 Serving sizes are huge in America compared to most other places. I think I'm right in saying no where else allows you to 'supersize' fast food meals. I'll leave you to decide if that is a good thing 




 The shortcut through the Corn field 

tempts you as you're walking home

the clouds above keep the moon concealed

As you enter the swaying corn, alone.

*-*

The corn grows tall and thick, my friend,

the path you chose is muddy

it grows in rows without scope or end 

and in the dark, you hurry

*-*

You don't see the standing forms

As you pass them on your way

they stand still amongst the swaying corn

which hides their pallor, and decay

*-*

hundreds gather in this field tonight

though you see none at all

yet still you look around in fright

but the corn grows too thick, too tall

*-*

You tell yourself as you continue through

"*Its merely the rustling of the leaves,*"

But they see you, and they hear you,

And they might not let you leave. 




 What kind of dumb-ass question is that? What the fuck does it matter? What makes people like you say such banal things? 




 The sound of a child's laughter, echoing in such a way that makes it difficult to ascertain where its coming from. 




 If you lie down, it will just make it easier for them to find you.  




 Next time you happen to be in a cornfield at night, you will remember this comment. Because there is a distinct possibility that you are not alone in that cornfield. You can't see anything around you because the corn is too thick and too tall, but for all you know there could be hundreds of stationary, standing figures all around you, and you wont be able to see them. The thing is though, they can see you. And they can hear you. And they might not let you leave.

**EDIT:** I turned this comment into a poem and posted it on /r/shortscarystories, [Here's a link](http://www.reddit.com/r/shortscarystories/comments/1i2nj3/hidden_by_the_rustling_corn/) 




 I know. Thats why I waited until now to post it. 




 Sweet dreams! 




 In which case you are overwhelmingly, unfathomably stupid. 




 I know the feeling man. I can't go to fish markets anymore without a terrible rush of nostalgia 




 [Never has this gif been more relevant...](http://imgur.com/eX7isjN) 




 http://imgur.com/eX7isjN 









 If this is true then it is utterly, horrendously, hideously horrifying! Could you prove it is true in any way OP? Perhaps a photo of this mysterious rash, I've not heard of such a thing before, and it doesn't seem to make any logical sense. 




 A girl is playing in her room, when she hears her mother call her from the kitchen. She puts down her toys and rushes to meet her mother, when suddenly a hand reaches out of a cupboard and pulls her inside, while another hand is wrapped around her mouth to stop her from screaming. "Shh, please be quiet angel," whispers her mother's voice in her ear, "I heard it as well." 




 *The trick, benjikemp, is not minding ... that it has plotholes* 




 '*Desperately Seeking Susan*' Modanna trying to act. Painful to behold 




 If exercise is easy, you aren't doing it hard enough. Before you all downvote me to oblivion, this only holds true if you want to build visible muscle or lose lots of weight. 

While the body is ticking over, for example if you are jogging at a relaxed pace, your heart rate is slightly above average and your muscles are using slightly more oxygen. This is okay if you are simply trying to stay in shape, but not if you are wanting to drop weight etc. If, however, you carry on working until your muscles grow tired, your heart and muscles will be working so much harder in order to keep them going. So if you are running for a while and quit when you get tired, thats okay as you are getting fit and healthy, but not okay if you want to lose weight. It is people who can keep going through the pain barrier and force their body to work when it feels like it cant anymore that really will lose weight and tone up. The same is true for muscle building and weight training, if you are doing 3 sets of 12 reps, for example, the muscles for the first 8-10 reps will function normally until you really start to strain, when the muscle is working so much harder because it is tired. Again, it is people who can push themselves to do the extra 2 or 3 reps when their arms are tired who will build muscle most efficiently.

TL:DR - If you want to just stay healthy then exercise should be fun and easy. If you want to lose weight and build muscle exercise should hurt like a motherbitch. 




 would've 

FTFY. Russia won WWII, Britain and America by comparison did very little to end the European theatre. Just look at how fast Germany conquered western Europe, it is dubious that the allies would have taken France had much of the German force been occupied by the Eastern front. 




 Brilliant idea, although something I could never do because I would end up driving a car gloriously decorated with a thousand pictures of a cock and balls. My friends are fun like that. Sigh. 




 "

*If you can meet with triumph and disaster*

*And treat those two impostors just the same,*

" 




 Well i started with Aardvark_1 and it was no good, so I worked my way up! 









 That is quite a slippery-slope argument.

What upsets people about the recent NSA scandal is that there seems to be a great deal of evidence appearing the ordinary, law-abiding, tax-paying people are have their phone calls, emails etc bugged or recorded. The NSA, thanks to The Patriot Act and other legal documents, are within their rights to do this, despite it being a gross breach of privacy for ordinary citizens. What has upset so many people (and quite rightly) is it is ordinary people who are being so jealously spied on by the NSA.

The crux of the argument is most people would agree that this level of spying is good when it is potentially dangerous individuals who represent a danger to innocent people being spied upon, but problem seems to be that  the NSA does not limit itself to that, and seems to have spent a great deal of time and effort spying on the American public en masse, as well as (according to recent news developments) various international offices and embassies.

This obvious does raise larger arguments such as the problem of deciding who represents a significant enough danger to society to warrant the level of privacy invasion the NSA seems to have wielded with such indiscrimination, and it could be easy to get drawn into a debate regarding racial, religious or social profiling.

So in answer to the question at hand: no, even if the NSA had successfully intercepted and stopped multiple terrorist attacks, this does not justify indiscriminate and Orwellian-like constant surveillance by the, or any, government on the population at large, as a whole. Personally I find the distinct and traceable rise of totalitarianism in American politics a lot more disturbing that potential terrorism. 




 I don't get it, or rather I don't get why that's good.

EDIT: Having read the poem I get it, thanks for posting it.  




 So every time you pass a beggar you take his name and social security number to do a background check? That's dedication to charity right there! 




 Here in NZ the smallest currency we have is 10, yet things are still priced like that! The total is always rounded to the nearest 10, so if my total bill is $2.34, I pay $2.30 etc. 




 Statistically 7 out of 8 people enjoy gang rape.

 




 Actually, the first time Harry has Butter Beer is when he sneaks out of Hogwarts using the Marauder's Map and the invisibility cloak in book 3. He, Ron and Hermione go into 'The Three Broomsticks' to drink Butter Beer when Hagrid, Professors McGonagall and Flitwick and Cornelius Fudge walk in and force Harry to hide under the table. Harry never drinks Butter Beer in 'The Leaky Cauldron', only in 'The Three Broomsticks', 'The Hog's Head', Hogwarts and No. 12 Grimmauld Place.

Boom. 




 ...you meant to say 'The Three Broomsticks' right? 




 So this one time I was playing russian roulette with Nicole Simpson and Ronald Goldman... 




 "*After I killed them I dropped the gun in the Thames, washed the residue off my hands in the bathroom of a Burger King, and walked home to await instructions. Shortly thereafter the instructions came through: 'get the fuck out of London you dumb Fucks! Get to Bruges!' I didn't even know where Bruges was.*"

"*It's in Belgium.*" 




 Partially agreed. I felt the film was *in general* very well made and Henry Cavill did a great job, there was just far too much time spent where the film seemed to be saying "look how awesome all this CGI is!", the fight scenes went on forever and were thoroughly disengaging after a while, as well as the fight scene at the end. It just went on without development, i was actually bored by the end. The plot was a little weak and Zod's character could have been much better developed with a little more time, instead we just got a ton of special effects and endless destruction.

TL:DR: **Great CGI Great Film** 




 Mirrors. You all know which scene I'm talking about. 









 Yes, because all the problems in the country are because of one single person. Things would be totally different if someone else was in charge. A liberal government is totally different to a conservative government. Sure. 




 [Another picture](http://imgur.com/RdmPWqI.jpg), there were hundreds of the buggers. 









 Pastor, I hope you got a worthwhile response to your question, 134 replies to a post is pretty good! I would like to ask you why you asked Reddit this question, are you curious and testing the waters for overall opinion, or performing some kind of analysis? Did you find any answers interesting? 

Just for the record, I'm trying to open a reasonable conversation here, not an argument! 




 You need to read your Bible more carefully methinks. Reflect on the fate of the Egyptian first born, the Caananites, the *total genocide of all life on Earth* save two of each animal (how does one have an evil Giraffe exactly?) The concept or Original Sin, the punishment of children for the crimes of their parents, the concept of an eternal, everlasting hell, Lot's wife, the citizens of Jericho, the list goes on and on and on. 

No, *Merciful* or *Just* or *Kind* are words that do not fit your God. 




 "*If triangles had gods their gods would have three sides*" 




 Totalitarian. 




 ...You don't eat the whole thing! 




 Just a little more information on this: The horn of a Rhino is considered an aphrodisiac in Chinese traditional medicine. Some species' horns are worth more than others: an average size Black Rhino horn could fetch as much as $300,000 US on the black market. That is why they were hunted to extinction. 




 It was a shitty job, but it if you worked hard you could really clean up! 









 Henry VIII had someone to wipe his arse for him. The title given to the job was "Groom of the Stool", Henry VIII had four of them during his reign, all of whom were knighted. 




 They usually aren't that hard to buy, if you have the Benjamins!  




 And blackjack! 




 If I grew up in a place like that, I doubt I would be indoors much either! Where is it? 









 Not strictly true and a bit over-simplified. It was actually Socrates who was instructed by the Oracle of Delphi to become a philosopher. In a completely separate story Socrates defined an intelligent person as '*someone who knows only the extent of their own ignorance*', which anyone has to admit is a beautiful turn of phrase. 




 Beautifully put. Have you read Hawking's 'A Brief History of Time'? I'm sure it would fascinate you! 




 The perfect response to this cop-out of an answer, as it is essentially just another form of the 'stacked tortoises' argument. 




 This is the only sensible answer I'm afraid. Humanity will continue to search for the answers and maybe one day we will stumble across a new theory of everything. Due to the unlikeliness of physical evidence being found to explain the universe, it may remain a theoretical problem forever.

The only thing that is really certain as that as we continue to research the origin of everything the more amazing and incomprehensible the world around us becomes, but at least we know less and less about more and more. 




 why...why do you think about that?? 




 If you knew there wasn't, would you make more effort to enjoy the life you have, finite as it is? 




 **SUNSHINE**

It didn't do well at the box office but I consider it one of the best movies ever made. Just my opinion, for what it is worth 




 Looks like a white-bread movie, but what excellent trailer music! 




 Sasha Grey. Google her. I dare you. 




 Do you live inside a chick-flick? 









 Only very, very silly believe that. 




 I unfortunately no longer have the software to do a good job of colorising this, maybe another fine Redditor could have a go? [Here is a painting of her in camouflage to help.](http://imgur.com/1Ogo3l8) 









 ["*Get off my plane(t)*"](http://imgur.com/qNTusQK) 









 "*IAMA Crew member of The Californian. Don't ask me a fucking thing.*"

**Quick Edit:** The story of *The Californian* is surprisingly unknown, considering it's implications. For those who don't know, *The Californian* has been remembered by history as '*The Mystery Ship*' that was seen from the deck of *Titanic* as she sank. Captain Smith reportedly intended for the lifeboats to go back and forth from *Californian* in order to overcome the problem of the too-few lifeboats.

The crew of *Californian* had warned *Titanic* of three large icebergs in her path, saw her distress signals and heard her distress call, but mysteriously failed to act. To this day, no one fully knows why, as the crew acted very evasively upon returning to port and the on board record from the night of the sinking were destroyed by the crew.

**Double Edit**: Holy spaceballs, gold!! Thank you mysterious altruistic stranger, I shall enjoy my winnings! 




 Stop thinking America is wonderful because of free speech. Every civilised country has free speech, only a few truly fucked up places don't 




 This ol' dead horse will have to stop being flogged now I'm afraid chaps, /r/athiesm has now finally sorted its shit out, it's not just school kids circlejerking anymore.

**EDIT**: I'm not even going to correct my spelling, today I discovered a new subreddit! 




 *Ginger has been grown in tropical Asia since ancient times*

First line of the article.  




 Silent Bob. I spend most of the day quoting him. 




 The trick, RadianHero, is not minding...that it's dumb 




 I once drowned in a bowl of frosted flakes! 




 Saw the title. Instantly closed tab. WHY DOES THIS EXIST?! 




 You son of a bitch, now it's hard as Chinese algebra! 




 I get the impression you were already thinking about that... 




 I would like to see that card please! 




 Are you familiar with the hipster tattoo game? A butterfly is worth a valuable 7 points! 

**EDIT**: Okay chaps, here are the rules - Basically on an average day in any town or city you have to see how many clich tattoo you can see, whoever gets the most points wins the respect and admiration of the entire group. Scoring system:

 - Star - 1

 - Bird - 2

 - Rose - 3

 - Names - 4

 - Infinity - 5

 - Angel - 6

 - Butterfly - 7

 - Feux-Poetry-For-Idiots - 8

 - Chinese Symbols - 9

 - Cartoon Character - 10
 - Penis - 100

Double points if they are found on compromising places like boobs or bum etc. Take it good people of Reddit, and pester douchebags everywhere! 

**Double Edit**: Hell's Monkeys people! [I get out of bed to find my inbox full!](http://imgur.com/ZUiRDe3) it's only a game! Yeesh! Interchange your own rules! And I'm leaving the spelling mistakes in, just to tickle the testicles of all the lovely grammar nazis.  




 I tribal tattoo is the sign of a moron, in my most humble opinion. Extra douche points if its a ring around the upper arm. Triple points it spells a word in a language you can't speak 




 Nah that wasn't a dream, I just used to hang out at the bottom of your bed in my neon shirt. Hope I didn't freak you out too much old chum. Tonight? 




 That's an extremely common one, by which I mean almost everyone dreams some variation of it, sometimes its hair instead of teeth. Basically it just means you are worried about your appearance.  




 Get your ass on that treadmill and don't get off until you consider suicide. And no walking. 




 The Universe is either finite or infinite. Both possibilities chill my bones. 




 The gravitational ramifications would probably reach us much sooner. 




 If you shrunk Neptune down to the size of a pool ball, the Sun would be roughly the size of a car tyre aproximately two miles away. 

This always blows my mind to image, as it shows just how small everything in our Universe is, and how much nothing there really is out there. 




 Kaneda in Sunshine. "*Why isn't he moving?!*" Gets me every time. 




 An Englishman an Irishman   a Scotsman get into a cab. The driver turns around and says "Sorry gents I'm Muslim, I can't take a joke." 




 "If you know what you are worth then go out and get what you're worth, but you've got to be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you want to be because of him, or her or *anybody*. Cowards do that and that ain't you! *You're better than that!*" 




 There is a great story about this, How true it is I don't know!

When Hendrix performed Watchtower for the first time Dylan was in the audience. After the performance Hendrix rushed up to Dylan (he was a huge fan) and asked him what he thought. Dylan, being his usual loquacious self, simply said "That's original." 




 He editted his comment to use my picture, which doesn't really illustrate his point very well as only the summit of Everest is visible on the left 




 Correction: Everest *is* the most prominent mountain in the world, as 'prominent' means to measure from the base to the summit. Some mistakenly think that Mauna Kea in Hawaii is the tallest, however this isn't true as to measure climbing prominence you measure from the base, ergo the part you start to climb at. 




 The moutain in your picture is not Mount Everest, it is an entirely seperate mountain called Ama Dablam. It is in the same range as Everest, but hugely smaller. [Here is a photo I took last time I was there of Everest, Lohtse and Dablam.](http://imgur.com/B4HWHCN.jpg) Note: Dablam was a great deal closer to me in relation to Everest and Lohtse when I took the picture, they are a lot further away than they look. Only the pyramid summit of Everest is visible, and from some angles Everest is roughly pyramid shaped, especially from the east, assuming this picture is a sunrise.

**EDIT:** u/skatelinsy has edited his comment using my picture. This doesn't illustrate his point very well, as only the summit pyramid of Everest is visible on the far left. Lohtse is the peak to the right of Everest and Ama Dablam is on the far right of the picture 




 Cheers! I don't think its worth more than a cheeky hundred or so so I will probably hang on to it as its quite interesting! 




 I've not looked through the whole thing, there is a couple of pages on worst genocides and mass murders and most prolific executioners etc. It's really grizzly, I've not checked a new one but I doubt that sort of thing isn't in there! FYI: The country with the highest suicide rate in 1955 was Alaska, and the bloodiest monarch in British history was Edward VI, who executed an average of 560 people a year! 









 Reminds me of a Banksy Quote - '*Every man suffers two deaths: the first when he dies and the second when his name is spoken for the last time*' 




 Yeah they make good souvenirs! I got a few to give to people at home last time I was in Vietnam. There are shops full of them, its probably the most common tourist souvenir in Saigon!  




 'Murica 




 If you got this in South East Asia it is almost certain its fake. They sell them to tourists, I have three. They are all faked, it is extremely rare to find a genuine one. 




 I was so disappointed by that film. It had the making and potential of such a good film, until Ridley Scott fucked it all up. Such a shame. 




 [Hi stonedchao, how has your day been?](http://imgur.com/N3XbCPX.gif) 




 For those that don't know, this is taken from [This trailer, for 'Captain Phillips'](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkQOfZqBfgI) 









 Just in case anyone didn't know (as no one has mentioned it yet) this was one of the planes allegedly bombed by Gadaffi. It was a deliberate act of terror, the motive presumed being revenge against France for its support of Chad during the Libyan-Chad conflict in the early '80's. 




 "*Are your legs tired? Because if they are, it will make what I'm about to do considerably easier.*" 




 "*Do you like my jeans?*"

"*Yeah you're pretty good looking, lets make babies!*"
 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ltm8iKGlKk 




 Did...did you just post their phone number on Reddits? 




 Hmm, are you sure you aren't a poisonous viper?  




 All of it. 




 in this case, BPD isn't a good acronym, which one are you talking about? As someone with a family history of Bipolar, I can vouch that her symptoms are nothing like Bipolar Disorder, as /u/you_areso_goodlookin said, Bipolar is characterised by gradual peaks and dips in mood, not sudden swinging back and forth, which is a common misconception. Many Bipolar individuals are manic for a few days or weeks, then will become depressed for days or weeks. 




 I know, someone already posted the video and I already said the direction of Kennedy's head was consistent with an exit wound. The Penn   Teller video I found painful to watch, I usually enjoy there material but that particular video was incredibly insensitive. 




 You're right, this does seem to be a little pedantic. The point here though is that some conspiracy theorists (not necessarily myself, as I say I am undecided) make the argument that Oswald didn't take the easier Houston Street shot because if he waited for the car to turn onto Elm (where Kennedy was shot) it placed the Presidential Motorcade in a 'triangulated fire' position, ergo Kennedy would be trapped between the Book Depository and the Grassy Knoll. 




 No worries, someone made a similar point! [here is my response comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1ectu8/what_great_mysteries_with_video_evidence_remain/c9z7f47) 




 That was an interesting read, thanks for your input! The story is still full of holes though. From everything I've heard Oswald insisted outright that he was "*just a patsy*" etc, completely denying being involved in the assassination. So my point is this, yes the fuzz may have had a very small and circumstantial case against him for the murder of Officer Tippit, but what evidence did they have that he had anything to do with the assassination of Kennedy? I highly doubt he confessed and they only tied him to the Carcano Rifle *after* he himself was shot by Ruby. The only evidence seems to be that he worked at the book depository. Yet it seems within minutes of his arrest he is booked with the assassination.

As for the shooting itself, I have also heard the theory that the first shot hit a traffic light and ricocheted (hitting James Tague, who was standing by the overpass) and it seems convincing. Frankly, the easiest part of the story to believe is that the shooter was on the sixth floor of the book depository, although there are still loose ends here. The fatal shot does seem to come from behind Kennedy, although over fifty witnesses did report to hear shots from the picket fence, and (although I believe the 'Magic Bullet' theory to have been disproved ad nauseum) I have heard a slightly convincing theory concerning the Zapruder Film, which shows Kennedy clutching his hands to his neck while Connolly turns in his seat. The theory I have heard is that the shot that took Kennedy in the neck came from the front, while Connolly was hit seconds later by a separate bullet from the Book Depository. The evidence for this theory being that Connolly himself identified the moment he believed he was shot on the Zapruder film as several seconds after Kennedy has already raised his hands, as well as the Texas autopsy identifying the bullet wound in Kennedy's back as an exit wound.

As I say I don't find all of this convincing, these are just theories, but I do maintain there is a lot of strange and conflicting evidence. 




 I have no definite source, but from some very brief research I found that there is a theory that [this is the Babushka Lady's photograph](http://imgur.com/pQl91RQ.jpg). If it is, I'm amazed it isn't a bigger deal, and it's taken me this long to see it! 




 As much as I enjoy Penn   Teller's usual material, that was just painful to watch. Yes a lot of those people were mad as a bicycles, but what a terrible way to handle the subject matter. 




 I haven't seen that one! Just in case you (or other people in this thread) don't get the reference, it is from the film '[JFK](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MLc0udf_74)' 




 Is you're last name Oswald, because you just blew my mind!

EDIT: [Ladies...](http://imgur.com/0jFtE4S.jpg) 




 Back, and to the left.

EDIT: There are several aspects of the assassination that still don't add up for me, the direction of the fatal headshot being the least of them (as many of you point out, the movement of Kennedy's head is consistent with an exit wound). Some point's worth considering:

* Oswald's Arrest - There is considerable confusion around Oswald's alleged murder of Officer Tippit and his subsequent arrest. Oswald was arrested in a cinema only a few hours after the assassination with over a hundred officers present. Oliver Stone comments on this as "the greatest display of police intuition since the Reichstag Fire".

* Kennedy's brain has disappeared. Seriously.

* Why not shoot Kennedy as he drives up Houston Street, its a far easier shot.

* There are several secret files apparently being withheld from the public concerning the assassination. If there was no conspiracy, what are these secret files about. I need citation for this, can anyone help me out?


I am not laying blame at anyones door as that would require more evidence than is available. But I am of the opinion, because of many of these discrepant facts, that some more than what meets the eye was happening that day. 




 I have long and very thick curly hair. It knots up easily but I just washed it with water every day (well, every day I could get running water) and kept it clean. Got very many compliments! It took about a month to wean myself off the shampers before I was sorted 




 Well, general personal hygiene is still important. Obviously. 




 They are not Buddhist monks. They are children.  




 [Melanie Laurent - En t'attendant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zwb8hXlUE1E)

Give it a listen, I promise you will not be disappointed! And yes, that is the same Melanie Laurent from *Inglorious Basterds* 
























