 I just recently hit level 20, with around 14k ip saved up to buy tier 3 runes. Im planning to make two basic AD and AP rune pages, and then later specialize. ( I have 4 rune pages) My main problem is what quints should I get for the AD page? I hear things like 2 attack speed quints and 1 ad quint, all AD, all AS, 3 movement quints, lifesteal quints and many other things. What would be best?

My most played roles that use AD are in the order of Top, Jungle, then ADC.
 









 No matter how good you are, you can't win them all. Sometimes you have teammates that are so braindead that it is impossible to win. Just remember though that the only common denominator is you. There must be something you could be doing better to help you win. 




 Bad luck streaks happen. I just had a 10 game losing streak, and now ive won 5 straight. Dont worry, It all balances out eventually. 




 Sunfire cape is great on champions that deal in extended trades or have a dps ability (like Shyvana or Mundo). For example, sunfire cape is almost always my second item on shyvana (after I build cutlass, and not if I'm against someone like ryze) 




 As a newer player, I did the same thing when I first started. However i'd advise to go to PVP as immediately as you can. I actually found it easier, as you're facing other new players who make mistakes too, and you learn so much more so much faster. It's also much more fun. 




 Akali. You can easily snowball out of control off of one kill, and no one ever buys pink wards to counter her either. 




 Akali is actually a good and fun champion to play top. If you can capitalize on a mistake early on, or the jungler successfully ganks top, you can easily snowball out of control. Top is easily the most snowbally lane, and Akali is one of the most snowbally champions. Combine them and it can get insane. 




 As a fellow noob, I find that playing a couple bot games with a new champion helps a ton. Sure, you may my be getting much competition from them, but it lets you get the basics of a champion down pat before you play against the actual skilled opponents. 




 I've been trying Akali out this week, and i absolutely love her. I am probably going to buy her and start using her a lot. The one major downside to her that i have heard is that she has plenty of troubles once you reach a higher elo. I was just wondering, around what division does her effectiveness fall because of things such as people buying pink wards to counter her, etc.  




 Another one is Ryze, and that is because of him being able to gain insane damage from tank items, and that his passive basically let's him spam those spells non-stop. 




 My advice is just to slowly phase out using the space bar to center you. It's not a huge deal if you need to use it, but it's good not to have to rely on keeping a finger on the space bar. 









 I was really hoping for a free Zed or Akali week. As a new player I have been dying to try either of the two. 




 As a lower level player without runes, I reccomend using Warwick for now. You can learn the basics with him quite easily, he has plenty of room for error, and he has deadly ganks at level 6. 




 I'm a pretty new player to league, and i'm just trying to plan my rune pages for after I hit level 20. At the current moment im just trying to get some basic rune pages set up, and then in the future specialize. The one thing i've noticed in all of my research has been that you should use health seals  over armor seals now. The thing i've been wondering is how much better are they? Is the difference minor enough that i can save the extra 5000 ip for the time being and just use the armor seals, or is it a noticeable enough disadvantage that i should shell out the extra money right off the bat? 

I play top the most, followed by jungle and mid. 




 *groan* 




 The reason why you havent seen him in the show since season 1 is that his actor had scheduling problems. He has a much larger part in the books 




 There's no real reason at all. Besides the fact that he's secretly the prince that was promised, Azor Ahai reborn, and all that good stuff. 




 Thats what seemed so fucked up about it. I just can't imagine someone actually taking the time to record and play something like that. I had to actually keep telling myself that it was real, not just some sick fetishists story. Who the fuck could do this shit.  




 I appreciate knowing the punch line in the title. Thanks! 




 /u/preggit , how dare you mod this heretic?!? 




 People have the same reaction to my dick pics :'( 




 The old 'dick pic to the inbox' approach. Works every time. 




 What is your favorite movie and why is it finding nemo? 




 Good luck remembering the news stations number. 




 It won't be a problem. The amnesia will cause their body to forget about their diabetes and they'll be cured! 




 I've never heard of someone having bad enough amnesia to forget their own hand. 




 *You're goddamn right!* 




 *Like your tears*

Then BAM go for the nut shot! 




 He wrote that. It's in his song "Evil Twin" 




 Care to share any of the others? 




 All aboard the *Kane Train*! 




 It's actually weird, because both of those could work for GoT references, but I don't think they were intended to be. My brain hurts. 




 *cue shitty broken arms joke* 




 This story is so much better if you read 'penis' instead of 'pens' 




 Pay a large fine in only ass pennies. 




 "Stalin's gonna make fun of me for having a higher k/d ratio." :( 




 Hey man, when that extremely specific conversation comes up eventually, I'll know *exactly* what to say! 




 The times I have affected someone's life for the negative.  




 Amount of time spent on the computer 




 It might be easier to count the times that I'm not masturbating. 




 idk bro it would actually be like pretty cool. like OMG it would be alot. Like literally 5 trillion times.

^^^sorry 




 You can tell he's been waiting months for an opportunity to tell this joke. 




 http://imgur.com/a/pkgos#0 




 You've got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling

To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some. 




 Mine was basically "Wear a condom and don't stick your dick in crazy." 









 ^^Thatsthejoke 




 Or fuck my girlfriend 




 What's the point of working out if you can't post a heavily edited selfie on Instagram with the caption "Workout time! \#workout #beachbody #dedicated #jacked #jkimfat #likeforlike 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 \tfw Unidan won't demonstrate the mating ritual of the American Crow on you 




 Why did the chicken cross the road?

To get to the other side! 

^comedy ^gold 




 Maggie's sister. The blonde girl who was with Daryl. 




 I'll miss Beth. I'm really rooting for her to survive. I enjoy the optimism and 'innocence' she has.  









 You could say the same thing about your mothers 'big bang'. *Everywhere at once.* 




 Unless we go into some sort of Brave New World type society. 




 I made mostly everyone physical into a Hero, with a couple Paladins and a Swordmaster.  




 A big rule of smart gambling is that until you walk out the door with the money you gained/lost, you didn't "lose anything". Like lets say you won 10 grand, and then subsequently lost it on your next bet, you didn't lose 10 grand, you just didn't gain anything. Of course, its better to play smart and not lose that money in the first place, but if you do, don't worry about it. That's what will cause you to start losing your *actual* money trying to get it back. 




 You just gotta know where to buy them. You can't just go to 'Loincloths R Us', pick the first one you, see and expect a good deal. 




 As someone who is struggling through only a no-grind, no streetpass Lunatic run, that sounds like complete hell. I honestly don't know if doing a run like that would be possible. Without a defense boost from Frederick, a +def avatar wouldn't have enough def to reliably tank in the early levels, making you rely purely on Freddy, which would screw you for the later levels. 




 It's gotta be at least one. If you don't jerk off to yourself in the mirror, you got a problem. 




 I could imagine it being bad, and just going downhill from there.

"How many people masturbated to me?"

"3"

"Eh, that's pretty low. Were the girls hot at least?"

"They were guys."

"Were the *guys* decent looking then?"

"It was the old guy who lives next door, your gym teacher, and your creepy uncle." 

"..fuck" 




 Oh I know this one! It's from ["Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerors Balls"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pq-4oAZbtI), right?

^^right?.....

[(this is an actual film)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whorrey_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer's_Balls) 




 I'm so sick of these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane! 




 In my opinion, Lunatic Casual is probably easier than Hard Classic. It definitely would take away from the game. 




 They say music can alter moods and talk to you,

Well can it load a gun and cock it too?

If it can, the next time you assault a dude,

Tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued.

Sing for the moment- Eminem 




 Its a popular show, so it has a large fanbase that would vote highly on it. What I'm surprised about is that season 2 and 3 are ranked higher then most of season 4 and 1, which have been the best seasons so far. 




 I honestly feel the opposite. The character development is a lot better this season, and unlike past seasons there isn't really anyone that you truly don't care about. The only member of the main group that I'm indifferent about is Sasha. 









 After you get past level 2, it actually isn't really that bad. Its challenging, but not masochistic. Lunatic+ is a whole different story. Its not even masochistic, its just pure insane. If I didn't see a video of someone beating it, I would think it was literally impossible. 




 Access to lunatic+ (AKA stupidly-hard mode) is the only thing you get from it. The satisfaction of beating Lunatic is good enough for me though 




 I have. I'm on level 6 right now, and my Avatar is insane. Level 17 with 16 defense, she's stronger then frederick in every single stat and could probably solo levels if I wanted her to. 




 For me it was around 24 hours on hard, not including my many resets when a character would die. 




 If you think that is difficult, try lunatic mode. It took me literally 2 weeks and easily over 10 hours of gameplay just to get past the second mission. 




 Its hard to explain without some spoilers, but it does all make sense in the game. 




 [Here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5P6ztpTMdc) is the full conversation if you're curious.

In short, Gregor (the old guy), has some drunk girl madly in love with him try to propose over and over again. He has Ricken (the little kid) dress up and pretend to be his girlfriend to get her off his back. 




 Gregor is my favorite. Whats better then the 40 year old, russian womanizer? 




 Its a war game, and a great one at that. However a big side portion of the game is building up character 'supports', which makes them help eachother in battle more. They can also have children, which are usually the best units in the game. This leads many people to focus purely on the relationship and eugenics side of the game, to try to get the most overpowered kids possible. 




 I actually will miss him. He had the art of getting downvotes but still being funny at the same time. He had  less than 5k karma left before he would have made it to a impressive -100k karma. 




 No offense is taken. I made these pairings purely on a fun first time playthrough, not caring about stats. I'd rather know if it would work before I started grinding then after I did. Thanks. 




 Hey guys, I am a pretty novice FE player (only played Shadow dragon and Awakening), and I have recently decided that I want to grind up my team and try to beat apotheosis. I was just wondering, how neccessary are optimal parent pairings in it? My only kids at the moment (im planning to get them all of course) are Sully!Lucina, Sully!Kjelle, Gregor!Severa, and Gaius!Yarne. Would those kids work well enough or be too subpar? 




 You could just always go on to /fit/ you know 




 Edit: I meant to put reproducing instead of producing in the title. 






























































































 http://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=crs%20piglet

(Yes, i know theyre all smurfs, just look at the cs levels) 




 Oh that's even stupider then! 




 So will the entire tournament or just the first rounds be on the S5 patch? Either sounds incredibly stupid. 




 Plz no 




 Poppy has a 100% win rate in competitive play.

Alistar, Zilean and Maokai were pick or ban at worlds. Renekton and Jax weren't picked once.

Kassadin is finally balanced for competitive play.  




 He's got a 50% win ratio, many pros have said he's still strong, even competitively viable as a niche pick. He's not as strong as he was before, but he's still in a good place, especially compared to some picks. 




 Yeah that's what I'll do. The good thing about bronze is that 90% of people have any idea of wave control, so I can just freeze by my turret and end up outcsing him by a large margin. Still annoying though as the only way to guarantee wins as top lane in bronze is by wrecking your lane opponent. Going even doesn't mean anything in an elo where there is often 50/60 kill games. 




 Irelia top, and I hate darius. Here in bronze, if I pick irelia, I'm guaranteed to have someone 'counterpick' a darius. Like i am not even kidding, the last 10
games I picked irelia, 8 times they picked a darius into me. While I don't feed him, it's still annoying to know you will have 0 impact on the game for a long time. Especially in bronze where teammates are at best unreliable. 




 Pingu 




 Jax's E, counterstrike. One of the strongest abilities in the game, but all levelling it up does is add 25 base damage and a slightly lower cooldown to it. 




 You can't jungle effectively without runes. They make a HUGE difference in the early clears. You will climb so much easier in every role if you get some. They basically give you a free 1000 gold in stats at the start of the game. 




 AP chogath. You have insane base damages AND ratios. Like your Q is something like 300+ 1AP, your W is 280+ .7AP and your ult is 720+ .7AP true damage! You can bully lane if you play him right, and if you get an early kill you will snowball out of control. Going ROA, Zhonyas, abyssal, etc. will make you fairly tanky, and still able to one shot their carry while chunking the rest of their team if you can land your Q consitently. 




 Jungle jax shouldn't,  you will already have an extra wars from your flare anyhow, and someone who is as gold dependant as him can't afford to waste that early 800 gold, especially on a junglers income. 




 It has an amazing splash art, and is IMO the best model of her skins too.  




 I would go ancient golem over flare on volibear however. The 25% bonus health is huge on him.  




 That just looks painful  




 He actually goes only 5% CDR blues, this lets him have 10% at lvl 1 with masteries, and 40% with a frozen heart and spirit visage. 




 Smokey the volibear 




 My favorite NA team and my favorite EU team are going. Today is a good day  




 Jungle jax is actually really good 




 Cho'gath is actually really good built as an AP bruiser. He has insane ratios (his full combo does more then most assassins) and really good natural tankyness. If you build items like a ROA, Abyssal sceptre, Zhonyas, you can delete squishy targets while still being a decent front line. 




 I skimmed through most of it, and it looks pretty damn good. The build is a textbook lux build, with plenty of good information too. If you're a new player trying to learn her it is perfect. Don't blindly follow the mobafire hate train, the highly rated guides on it are good nowadays, just be careful for any 'troll' ones. 




 How do I help carry low elo from top lane. Unless I get stupidly fed it feels like I have 0 impact on the game. There is no dragon fights or wards to tp to to gank, and roaming will just result in my jungler farming wraiths while we dance around mid turret and my laner splitpushing like crazy.  




 Try to salvage what lane is least behind. There are some games that are just unwinnable though. Even LCS players lose some games when climbing through the lower ranks. 




 I prefer it like this. It's history 




 The shiv proc will crit, giving him extra burst, plus it is cheaper, gives him more movement speed, and he can still get 100% crit chance with proper runes. 




 If you aren't auto attacking as ryze, you are playing him wrong. Especially early on in lane, you can weave several autos into your combo for extra harass. 




 With riven you should basically all-in him  every time he even looks at a minion. Try to stand in front of his minion wave so he has to walk through you to stack, and your AOE damage won't push the wave that way. Eventually it will reach his turret, but by then he should either be low enough to dive with a jungler, or he should have barely any stacks. Once he starts freezing in front of his turret, or he becomes too tanky to realistically kill, you are free to roam and start snowballing your team while he tries to farm his way out of being a witherbot. 




 It depends on the jungler, you should rush damage on someone like Kha'zix, but not somebody like Jarvan. (except for an early brut or hex) Vi is a bit strange, as she can be built for both damage and tankyness depending on the team comp and how you're doing.  




 They just played fusion again, and stomped them. Robert got a penta 




 Robert, bubba, and prolly were the were the reasons why I liked complexity so much this year. I sure hope they actually want to try to make the lcs with this team, because I will be a fan 100% 




 Jax. A full build jax can 1v1 99% of the champs in the game, arguably the best splitpusher in the game, and can blow up any squishes in teamfights. 




 A game I played yesterday, we were down 5 kills to 12 early on. I was 5/0 at the time. It was something like a 0/5/1 orianna, 0/3/2 teemo, 0/3/0 Morgana, 0/2/0 ezreal.  




 Lux. Lets hope we never watch any comedy movies, or crack any jokes, or anything that makes her laugh. 




 implying sneaky doesn't 420blaze with Meteos all day 




 I'm honestly starting to wonder if they are secretly sponsored by chipotle at all. As tasty as it is, no man can physically eat at much as Meteos reportedly does 




 Anyone have a link to the article? 




 A hypercarry is usually considered as a champion that during the late game can almost single handedly carry a game due having insane damage, with innate safetyness due to range/tankyness/invulnerability. 

Some examples are Jax, Tristana, Ryze, Kog'Maw, Poppy, Tryndamere Nasus. Some debated ones are are Master Yi, , Vayne, Karthus. 




 There is 0 reason to sell flare on warwick. It synergizes so well with his ult, and by the time it comes around to sell it, it should have enough stacks to make it worth keeping. 




 Just FYI on why nasus players rush armor, it is because of his passive lifesteal. Let's say he is gaining 50 health per Q, if he has 1000 health he would gain 5% of his life back, but if he has 1500 health, he would
gain 3% of his health back. It also makes potions and all of that more effective allowing him to sustain longer in lane. 




 Usually you want an assassin if there is one or more high priority targets on the other team, that you will reasonably be able to blow up.  You shouldn't pick them against a team with a way of stopping or mitigating your burst (kayle, zilean),  




 You desperately need to build some tank after your Triforce, or you'll
Just get blown up before you can do any damage. A Bork would work as like a last item, and if you ever get to be full build, you should 100% of the time build a Bork to replace your lizard. 




 And talon 




 Bronze 1 is actually the best division IMO. Everyone wants to get to silver so they try hard, and everyone knows they're subpar players so there is no flaming. 




 ADC item changes made hypercarries such as Tristana and Kog'maw very strong in the bottom lane.

There is more of a 'hypertank' meta in top now, notably with Maokai and Alistar. AD nidalee is currently pick or ban status.

Exhaust nerfs, plus a need to eliminate the hypercarries in bot lane have brought back assassins. Talon and Zed are notably strong.

Nerfs to Lee Sin, Evelynn, and Elise have made them less oppressing, but still strong. KhaZix with a W max has made a resurgence. 




 Just build full tank with a sunfire. When you're fed as Mundo you basically become unkillable, and the enemies have a choice of trying to kill your team and letting you slowly kill them or to focus you and let your damage dealers tear them apart. 




 Proc is basically a term for activating an effect. Like you proc your guardian angel when you die, or you proc Vaynes silver bolts on her third hit. 




 It's more of a trade-off. You are guaranteed a safer laning phase, and you can even bully some tanks (excluding Ali), but you also have little kill pressure and less roaming potential. Since Akali is all about roaming and snowballing off kills, I'm personally not a fan of Akali top unless you pick her into a strong matchup 




 Ask them if they secretly had "the fappening" opened back stage and that was what inspired them to win 




 I've actually found a ton of recent success with him in the jungle. He has a earlier powerspike then lane Jax with a feral flare+Triforce. He has fairly strong ganks and decent clears, and great sustain (counterstrike basically makes camps do 0 damage, just be careful about running OOM) You need to be careful about early invades (especially pre-3, where you won't be able to ward jump to safety) , but you aren't a sitting duck like Amumu either. 




 KogMaw OP please nerf rito 




 Unless you think that you could burst one of them down with a few autos and a E+R combo, just rocket jumping away is the safest choice. Just remember that your strongest points levelwise are 2, 6-8, and then 13+. Itemwise you are the weakest ADC in the game after the first item is completed. 




 Max your E first, or at minimum put a couple early points in it before you max your Q. This gives you much stronger trading in lane, as a AA-E-AA does pretty decent damage. You aren't going to be needing the extra attack speed much early on, as you shouldn't be doing more then a couple autos in a row in lane. 

Also, I find that building a Statiik shiv before an IE can make tough/behind lanes a lot easier. The shiv synergizes so well with your E passive, giving you great wave clear to let you farm easier. With Tristanas weak mid game you won't be duelling anyone anyways, but if you jump on to someone, E in mid air, auto(+shiv proc)  and then ult them away, you have quite high burst early on and can grab you some kills if the opponent is missing some health. 




 Heres a couple for top.

Poppy has a quite weak laning phase, but has one of the best team fights in the game. A full build poppy is the strongest champion in the game IMO (Excluding unreasonably farmed Nasuses/Sions/Veigars)

Malphite can't do much in lane, but has amazing initiations

Mundo has a weak early game, but becomes an unkillable monster who deals good damage in teamfights. 

Jax has trouble early on but then goes into Jax-mode later on.

Nasus is like a poodle at the start but is a Great Dane if he gets reasonable farm.
 




 Hey summonerschool. I play a ton of Evelynn, however recently I have been having some troubles. I usually come of to a great start with her, (my last three games ive been something crazy like 10/0/2, 6/0/4, and 5/1/6 at the end of laning phase) I still have found myself unable to carry. I understand the point of evelynn is to get your laners fed, and that is what i try to do. However, I often find myself just barely killing them as they go under turret, or getting a double kill in a countergank where my laner died, leaving the kills to me instead of my laners.

The problem with this is that if i ever find myself in a position of being the most fed member on my team, I feel useless. I do fine in laning phase and small skirmishes, but as soon as teamfights come im useless. Since I have to be in melee range to do any real damage, i just get CC'd, and bursted down. If I build tanky to counteract this, I wont be able to actually kill anyone. 

My usual build order if I'm ahead is Elder Lizard, Mobi boots, Triforce, Randuins, Maw, and a situational item. I'm thinking that building a Maw before a triforce might help, as that will make me less reliant on autos, and give me slightly more survivability during the first teamfights.

(I'm at Silver V, if that makes any difference for anything)

 




 Learning how to turn off your caps lock might help. 




 Alright, that actually helps a lot, thanks! 




 You can smite while stunned? TIL! Must just be the fact that they will suddenly panic and focus me, forgetting bout the drag long enough for me to steal. 




 I'm currently at something like an 80% win rate with jungle jax, (in low silver however). He just seems  so good. His clears are decent, he synergizes amazingly with feral flare, his ganks are pretty good, he scales like a god, and he is actually quite good at Dragon/baron steals (AOE stun). Too bad he's basically permabanned at my ELO. 




 Yeah, to teach them how to beat weak teams :\^) 




 Her core items are Hextech Gunblade and Zhonyas Hourglass. They both synergize so well for her that you can't pass them up. After that (+boots), she could build either a deathcap, Lich Bane, or void staff for her fourth and fifth items. Her sixth item is usually a guardian angel, but a banshees veil or another damage item also works well.

Playing her is basically playing extremely passive until level 6 (assuming your playing mid), then back with hopefully enough gold for a Hextech revolver. This lets uou get your ult charges at the same time. You then have a choice between trying to kill your laner, or roam. Akali is one of the hardest snowballing champions in the game, so it's worth taking a risk to
get a kill.

One of the main combos you can do on her is throw a Q, wait a few seconds, R to them, proc your Q with your auto, throw your Q that just came of cooldown, and proc with your E. This can take someone from 60-0 in the span of a second at level 6. 




 Don't listen to the other people saying you can't jungle without runes. As someone who recently levelled to 30, I started jungling around lvl 10. This is especially useful if you want to play draft pick mode, where you are expected to jungle. 

However, the only three junglers id recommend are Warwick, Xin Zhao and Fiddlesticks. They all have enough inherent sustain to let you jungle without worrying about dying to the camps early on. They are also all mechanically easy to play, so you can focus more on learning how to jungle instead of learning how to play the champion. 




 Hey if you want you can add me in game, I'm a new enough player that I still remember what it was like to learn the game, but I have enough experience to help teach you what you don't know, or answer any questions you might have. Just PM me if you want my in game name. 




 Lich Bane all the way. A Triforce only outdamages a Lich bane if you rush it, which is a terrible idea as gun blade and Zhonyas are so incredibly core. Assuming you build Lich/Tri third, a Triforce only barely outdamages a Lich Bane in spell blade procs, but Lich Bane also has 50 extra AP (which gives you much more burst), and is 700 gold cheaper. If you get it fourth, a Lich Bane massively outdamages Triforce in every way. 




 /r/leagueoflegends needs more shitposts. I present to you, this thread.  (   )
 




 The "meta" way to build her is like jax, Triforce and BOTRK into tank. This lets her be a strong dueller and splitpusher, as well as not letting her get exploded if she jumps on a carry in a teamfight. 




 I thought I was in /r/bestofbronze for a minute. Hell, I'm in bronze 2 (held back by feeding teammates otherwise id be in Challenger) and I have done outplays better then this. NAKorea confirmed. 




 Don't downvote me for this unpopular opinion.... but I believe that Faker is a good player. Might even be up to an LCS level. 




 Thresh has been nerfed, but not heavily enough to warrant not playing him. It's mostly just that the meta has shifted to supports that can counter him now, like Morgana. He's still a very strong pick though. 




 Roam like crazy. But when you roam, try to give what kills you can to the laner you are roaming to. Far too often you see akalis have basically all the kills on thier team and once they get focused down theyre useless. If you can feed your bot lane or your top lane on your roams (assuming you are snowballing already) you will do MUCH better. 




 The only problem I see with that kit is his W seems overpowered. It's like a nasus wither and nocturne ult combined on a 10 second cooldown. With 40% CDR you can basically permaslow someone and remove all of their allied vision at the same time.  




 Mobility boots are also super useful on evelynn. They synergize super well with her passive, and help scare the crap out of the laners as she can basically show up top, and then gank mid way before anyone would expect. 




 She doesn't have too high of a skill floor, but her skill cap is quite high. 




 From what I got of it, the changing just allows for people to switch spots. Like if Wildturtle is #1 in Master tier, that means he will be in challenger. The next day, he will still have the number one spot in Master, so he will remain in challenger. But if 'billy' was the 200th place in master, and thn goes on tilt and drops to 250th, he won't remain in challenger the next day. 




 There's a diamond 1 Malzahar jungle main, it takes a lot of skill to learn but it's actually quite effective. Can do 4 min dragons and that sort of thing. 




 Mostly just low bronze, Bronze 1/2 has some players that aren't considered good in any means, but it's not like they're brain dead 




 You ban lee sin so your teammates don't use him 




 She's squishy early on, and relies on diving in and out for her combo. She will also run OOM fast if she is forced to spam her heals. Because of this, playing someone who has the ability to do two of the following will work: out trade her, outpoke/outsustain her, or have the ability to jump on to her and stick. 

For example, Xin Zhao has the early damage, sustain, and sticking ability to give her trouble. Pantheon can stun her and then out trade her if she ever tries jumping on him, and he can block a bunch of her poke + poke back. Gragas could outsustain her, and do a hefty amount of damage if he gets jumped on.  




 They did for ahwile, but it's back now. I had the same problem for a bit. 




 It seems like the new ancient golem would be a good item on him, his E has a 6% max hp ratio. 




 I'm definitely gonna try a ancient golem jungle Gnar. It'll take time to learn, but his ganks should be deadly. 




 Damn, he sure could have some deadly all-ins. When you near max tantrum, try to get some Hyper proc's (14% max health each) (a ghostblade might be effective). Then jump in as beast form, and with your loads of CC you should easily be able to destroy them. 




 Immobile, squishy mid laners are common picks, and they are perfect targets for assassins such as akali and talon to just jump on and kill. They also are unable to prevent them roaming as if they follow they could just get jumped on from a bush and killed. They can also quickly assassinate the hyper carry adc that are so common in this meta. 




 Ryze is the definition of a "spammy ability champion" 




 Thanks for the tips! Not to be nitpicky, but isn't fizz an AOE assassin as well? 




 I keep getting convinced more and more to try Talon. I think he might be my next buy. Anyone have some tips for him? 




 She's strong against most matchups, especially melee champs that she can just poke down and then zone. The hardest matches she has are champs that can either out trade her, or have the ability to stick on to her. For example, Xin Zhao and Pantheon give her a lot of trouble. 




 As someone learning J4, how do
you get away with such a low death rate? I find that 90% of the time I'll catch a carry out with my ult, get them focused down, and then subsequently die. We'll usually win the teamfight but I'll almost always be a casualty. Like a game would be more like 5/8/20 or something around that. 




 Focus whoever you can attack that won't put you in a position of danger. The carries are the best choice, but if you get dived and killed just to try to attack then it's not worth 




 Yes, but you don't flame them. There's times when your teammate needs to be told to get his head out of his ass, but you need to do it in a way that motivates them, not discourages them. Same with league. 




 Please, whatever you do don't play the Donger support. It makes Csing absolutely hell for the ADC. 




 She was played twice today in the NALCS. She is quite viable. 




 The standard build is 2x dorans into Infinity Edge, Phantom Dancer, Berzerker Greaves, Last Whisper, BOTRK, and a situational defensive item.

You can replace the Phantom Dancer with Statikk Shiv and the BOTRK with a Bloodthirster if you want, just that the aforementioned one is the most efficient.
 




 Nerfing a champion is nothing near the lines of jagex removing what was arguably the hugest part of the game for many people. If riot pulled a jagex it would be them doing something like removing the jungle entirely. 




 I have a ~70% win rate with evelynn at a low level and the build I've had the most success with is Elder Lizard, Trinity Force, Maw of Malmortius, Randuins, situational defensive item, and your boots of choice. You deal enough damage to help carry your team but are defensive enough to not get blown up in teamfights. 




 Id suggest Shyvana for top. She doesn't have any real weak common matchups, she has a pretty simple kit, and you'll out scale almost all toplaners. 




 Maim being removed has nothing to do with machete giving feral flare stacks. I'm on mobile so I can't show any direct links, but if you reread the item you'll see. 




 Play draft pick as soon as your able. Only way to deal with instalockers pre 30. 




 Lucian. I feel helpless laning gainst him. 




 Besides the ones already mentioned, there is also Akali and Fizz for some mobile assassins. 




 As a level 21 noob, Why exactly is this? I find it so much faster to go bluewraithsredgank (if possible) . Wraiths are so much faster to kill and easier on health. Even with farming junglers I have seen a video that shows there is zero difference in time to go bluewraithsredwolves. 
























 How would you handle laning against anyone with a strong all-in like Irelia or Riven? Karthus top feels like a vladimir with no sustain and no escape. And we all know how weak vlad is to all ins. 




 You're forgetting about the silence. If vlad walks up, he gets silenced, and drained. He will lose that trade every time, it'll just get worse the longer he stays. If he tries pushing fiddle under the tower he will be incredibly low, and with fiddles fear he'll be a sitting duck for ganks. 




 You haven't played this matchup before I assume? All fiddle has to do is let the wave push slightly, and sit in the wave. Vlad can't get near the wave to afk push it as he will
just eat a drain. He can Q the melee minions but that is about it. 




 BOTRKs % health and attack speed synergizes SO well with Vaynes silver bolts. It also gives her an earlier powerspike + easier build path then infinity edge ADC's, and well as stronger sustain making up for her weaker lane. 

Twitch likes BOTRK as it also makes up for his weaker lane like Vayne, but also works well
with his assassinations. The movement speed slow, %health, and attack speed lets him sneak up on someone, chunk them down, and expunge for the kill. If he rushed IE he wouldn't be able to stick onto them, nor would he have the attack speed to get his expunge stacks off. 




 Vladimir is incredibly weak to all-ins early game. Pretty much anyone that can jump on him and stick (Irelia, Xin are good examples) can wreck him and zone him away. He'll be forced to cs with his Q instead of poking you, and if he ever gets in range to Q you, he's convienetly in range to get jumped on and eat a full rotation. On someone like Maokai it's a lot tougher, as you don't have the early damage to really break through his sustain. I'd reccomend just using the bushes the best you can so you don't eat free poke. He's also really vulnerable to ganks, and Maokai is amazing at setting them up, so let him push up a bit and get your jungler to come.

Also, possibly one of the hardest counters in the game is picking fiddlesticks against vlad. Since your drain goes through his pool, and you outsustain him, there is literally nothing he can do. 




 I'm sure the people who play quinn top are all sociopaths. You have to be soulless to willingly put someone through that torture. 




 And a lamppost. 




 As weird as it sounds, I go AP bruiser cho'gath mid and stomp him. Just harass him with your spikes and W whenever he tries to cs. Your passive means he will never outpoke you, and if you play it correctly he should NEVER have kill potential on you. (If he ults you just Q where he will appear, silence him,  auto once or twice then ult. You can push him into his tower so he can't roam, and if he tries anyways you can follow him fairly safely, or just freely take his towers.  In teamfights you can peel him from your carriers pretty easily. 




 I wouldn't reccomend trying to level 2 cheese a rengar. If he has a ward up and sees you, he can just wait in a bush and kill you as he has one of the best level 2s of all junglers. 




 She's near impossible to keep down. You can destroy her 0-3 in lane, but she can just roam bot, get a double kill and end the game with 20 kills. She thrives on the disorganization of solo queue. 




 His Q is treated like a basic attack, so it can crit and applies on hit effects. This means that with an IE, shiv and Triforce you basically have a abilty that has a base damage of 300 + (4.5AD) + 250 (assuming you crit), on a five second cooldown. You can take 90% of a squishes health with that alone. 

Of course, there are downsides to this build. Its luck-reliant, you need to crit to do damage. You also have a 3-5 second downtime between Qs where you're basically useless. You also struggle to actually reach the backline if you build full damage, but if you build mostly tank you won't be able to one-shot anyone. 




 As someone who isn't a double lift fan at all, I hate this circlejerk about him sucking now. He's still a very good adc, just not on Sneaky/Rekkles level. 




 You can leave the CLG, but the CLG never leaves uou 




 A nerf hammer. Oh wait, Morello already gave him that. :'( 




 Wtf 3 halves? 




 If team fusion makes the LCS, he will be another person who did the same. To be fair though, it looks like he put a lot of money in to jt 




 Yes. They will just have to beat coast/F5 after that. 




 That was exactly my point. She is fairly strong early game, but from the first back (when other ADC's get their first major component) until at least two major items she is the weakest adc. Even then, she isn't really stronger then many ADC's in extended fights until around 3 items. (Due to the Q duration nerf) 




 Trist arguably has the worst mid game of all AD carries. Even when she was FOTM you would see teams building shiv first purely so she could farm her way out of her crap mid game. 




 No he won one and lost 4. Cloud 9 purposely left him up every game basically left him up every gem they played, since they were confident in countering him. And it worked 




 These videos are just to show funny, unorthodox builds. Watching Nautilus one-shot someone with their anchor is funny, watching crittlesticks melt people with his autos is funny. And so is seeing voidlings that look like dogs destroy people. It doesn't have to affect the 'viability' of the build.
 




 Well to be fair, that is a fairly accurate description of him. He is a great shotcaller, you cannot deny that. His mechanical skill and individual decision making is also lacking when compared to the top players on the world stage. While it is a bit of a circlejerk, it still rings true. 




 This was exactly my point. She is extremely safe, is a strong laner, and has good poke, but her drawback is that she has no real steroids ( besides her passive, which is strong in lane, but inconsistent late game) and badly scaling abilities (since her only real damage abilities have long cast times, plus get outdamaged late game by her autos) and are real easy to avoid. 

She is a good, safe adc, but compared to Vayne, Kog, Trist, Twitch, or even Jinx late game she just doesn't have the raw damage to be considered a hypercarry. 




 For nocturne, ghostblade is what I found works best. I usually don't have room for it though, as I go devourer into BOTRK, and by then I need to start building tanky so I don't get blown up. 




 Cait is a strong pick, but in no way a hypercarry. Basically every single adc, besides Ashe,will out DPS her past early game ( assuming equal gold, which shouldn't be the case if you play Cait correctly) 




 You don't want to be building too much flat health on soraka, as her heal does %health damage to her. 


An item that actually synergizes extremely well with her is the new banner of command. Gives her a little tankyness, some AP, health regen, and a great active ability. It guarantees your team will always have some map pressure on the map. It works well with sieges, or if your team has a splitpusher, throw it in the other lane for extra pressure. And if your team has baron buff, it's basically GG. You get a tanky cannon with high DPS, that outranges towers and is immune to magic damage, and also is getting healed by a soraka. There is 0 counterplay to that. 




 I thought low priority matchmaking just made you wait longer before you start games?  




 I've had several games of nasus mid (usually cause of trolls/lane swaps), and it's not *that* bad. Since it's a short lane, it's hard for the enemy laner to freeze it, and if you pick it into certain champions you can pretty much have a farm lane as they can't do enough damage to you. It's not optimal, but  it's not entirely terrible 




 I Play irelia into him. Play passive until level 3/4, use the bushes and try not to get poked down. then all-in him whenever possible after that. He is incredibly weak to all-ins early on, especially to people with high mobility. If he goes into range to Q you, he should be in range to eat a full rotation and then just keep autoing him until he is forced to pool away. If you reset on to a minion, you can Bladesurge back on to him after he leaves his pool if you want to go for the kill. You need to be hyperaggressive, otherwise he will just keep poking you until he can dive you and you lose the lane. 




 So basically like Anivia? 




 If he bombs you, go in on him. He has no other damage at that moment besides weak autos, so you can usually trade him back fairly well. Don't just let him poke you down for free, especially pre-6 




 A pink ward doesn't stop her from blowing up your carries and still having more health afterwards with her bullshit sustain. 




 In my opinion, JaxIrelia for the jungle at the moment. He has faster clear, better sustain (due to counterstrike), more consistent ganks, and better tankyness with his ulti, making you stronger mid-game with the lower income. In lane Irelia is the stronger pick however.  




 Well not even full damage warwick can come close to killing a late game Mundo  




 When someone is running away when you're jarvan and you nail them with the Demacian flag for the kill. 




 One game he wasn't. I believe against UOL 




 Lux is outclassed, but she's not a joke. she's not like urgot, or ashe where your team will flame you for picking them. 




 Warwick actually wasn't 100% pick or ban at IEM. Cloud nine for example purposely left him open as they had jarvan/lee just snowball the early game while warwick is farming. 




 Cherrypicking at it's finest. Technically true, but still sounds like BS without context. 




 I agree mostly with irelia, except for you can't just fight blindly in the early levels. You can E-Auto to harass during level 1, but almost any top laner with beat you if you go aggressive at level 2-3. Level 4 on you're mostly in the clear however 




 There was a game once that I was a massively fed Jax, and I tried fighting a Trundle in his own jungle. He was a full item down on me in my build, and he still completely decimated me.  




 I personally love playing Shyvana against him. You can bully him hard  for a large part of the game due to your mixed and %health damage. While you don't scale as hard as him, you still become a monster tank that has a strong teamfight, and can stop his splitpush. (You won't 1v1 him, but you can waveclear well and he can't tank a tower with you beating on him as well) 




 Soraka is in a good place right now, she saw a bunch of competitive play in the last few weeks. She absolutely destroys any assassins now as she has an AOE silence that turns into a snare. Her heal is really strong, if she didn't have a health cost it would be insanely broken. Her Q is now a skillshot, that heals her, so she can sustain back most of the health costs if she can hit it consistently 




 I have seen literally 0 flaming for UOL. It's all been positive from what I saw. 




 Implying that what sneaky and lemon have isn't love 




 Now ddosing on the other hand... 




 I wouldn't say all bruisers are useless, Irelia is the textbook definition of a bruiser, and she's a contested pick. Gnar is arguably a bruiser, and he's pick/ban right now. Pantheon is also quite strong at the moment. Xin/Wukong have also had success recently in the IEMs. And these are just the competitively viable picks. Solo queue has even more viable bruisers. 




 Ryze is also a terrible matchup for Shyvana. There's not much you can do as he scales just as hard as you. In my opinion, just don't play Shyvana right now unless you are very good with her. She got nerfed too hard, and doesn't really have many favourable matchups that are common in the meta. Plus tanks such as Maokai both outdamage, out utility, and out tank her right now. 




 I actually meant to say Trundle there instead of Tryndamere. I guess the fact that they're both splitpushers that begin with Tr messed me up haha. But yes, I agree with you on both points. Whenever I personally end up splitpushing as irelia, I find that it's fairly easy to manage your ult cooldown to both push waves and still have it for duels. Especially with the CDR from frozen heart and spirit visage. 




 If you can manage your Q and your ult cooldown correctly, irelia actually has fairly good waveclear compared to splitpushers such as Jax or Trynd. 




 Learn your matchups + powerspikes. 90% of being successful at top lane is knowing when you're strong enough to fight the enemy, and knowing when you're not.  




 I find lux to be more of a mid game champion. Her cooldowns are just too high, ratios are comparably low, and she is too reliant on having to hit every single spell to burst a champion for late game teamfights, 




 I consider OP to be a champion that lacks any meaningful weaknesses, or have their strengths vastly outweigh their weaknesses. For example, Warwick truly has no real weaknesses at the moment, while post-'rework' Lucian's insane mobility made his lack of a range not matter at all. 




 It's also great for tower diving, especially on your roams. Quite often I'll ult over tribush to get a double kill on bot, then flash back out to escape turret aggro. 




 The problem with Cho right now is that he has absolutely insane damage. He has large base damages, and stupidly high ratios. If his skills were easier to hit, you could build AP bruiser and delete squishies while chunking the rest of the enemy team, while also being tanky as hell with your feast stacks. Even right now, a fed Cho'gath is terrifying. 




 Fucking

Evil

Annoying

Rattata

Was what I always heard it was. 




 Yeah, it's cold enough outside for it. Playing hockey on an outdoor rink is like 95% of all Canadians childhood.  




 Maknoon plays a fair amount of kass top. He's also a very entertaining streamer to watch as well. 




 Kassadin is now manaless 




 He's insanely broken at the moment, sitting on over a 60% win rate last time I checked. What happened is that they remade the jungle, and it hurts like crazy now. Warwicks sustain let's him farm much faster then the other champions as he doesn't have to go back to heal. What really pushed him over the edge though was the new jungle items. There is an item that gives him around 33 true damage + 40 magic damage on hit at level 7. With his ult proccing on-hit effects he can literally 100-0 any squishies and many tanks. What's even worse is that the true damage scales with levels and the magic damage scales with kills/assists/large monster kills. So he just gets stronger as the game goes on. 




 Until he gets builds 3 items and one-shots your adc with a critplank Q 




 They're buffing him next patch. Lowering his E cooldown and increasing his ult armor + MR scaling 




 Champions that can build one or two damage items, and then go tank. They have a mix of strong damage, decent CC, and natural tankyness. Irelia/Jax are considered by most to be the epitome of what a 'bruiser' is 




 Cassiopeia. If you can't effectively use her combos you're basically
useless. Other difficult champions like Zed or Syndra might be hard to play to their full potential, but even if you can't hit a 3 shruiken ult, or stun from the fog of war, you can still usually make a decent impact on the game. 




 Nasus was worse 




 The new jungle deals tons of damage, so sustain junglers have a huge advantage. Also, a new jungle item (that you can afford by around level 6-7) gives you a large amount of true damage on hit + a feral flare like ability that starts at 40 stacks. This item literally let's warwick one-shot squishies even time his ult is up. I'm not exaggerating at all, you can walk into lane, have a full health enemy under tower, smite+ult+Q him, and walk away with a free 350 gold. You don't even need your laner to help. He's stupidly broken 




 No need to apologize. You did your best. 




 Twitch chat was absolutely hilarious this game as well.  




 Now watch final five upset their way to the LCS. 




 This just solidified it. I am 100% a fusion fan now. 




 Surprise Party fiddlesticks. 




 I'm sort of curious, what's your opinion on AP sona? (Assuming she gets a sightstone of course) The AP gives her amazing damage, plus all of her utility scales off of it. I usually hate ap nid/annie "supports", but I love a good sona. IMO she does better as that then a standard support build. 




 Most people don't have a problem with shot-calling mid laners. Look at Hai for an example. He isn't a super strong mid laner, (In comparison to the top ones) but his excellent shot calling makes him still shine 




 To be fair, a 6 item Jax shreds anything not named Nasus or Warwick. 




 And Bubba :( 




 I sincerely doubt that. On the vast majority of junglers you have to base either before or after you get the second buff. 




 It's incredibly powerful. I bought it on jungle jax, by late game I was doing 150+ magic damage on hit with it, an item that costs only 2250 gold, gives 50% attack speed, and gives you plenty of utility. 




 The main problem with Runaans as an ADC is that you should never be close enough to more then one enemy to be able to use the passive. Also, pure attack speed isn't as effective as attack speed + crit chance when it comes to DPS. It's not a terrible item, especially on ADC's such a Varus, just there are stronger options. 




 Same here in bronze. People are actually warding dragon and contesting it too! All you hear is people saying "get drag it's OP now" 




 I have played with a grand total of 1 katarina supports in all of my games of league, and she hard carried us. I have not judged strange supports since that day. 




 The new ohmwrecker is apparently a really good item for nasus to rush. It gives him tankyness, CDR (both of which are vital on him), and two amazing passives for his lane. Since he'll be sitting near tower for the most of lane, the movement speed near turrets is useful, especially to avoid dives. The turret disabling active lets him splitpush/backdoor/dive even better then he was able to before. 




 That's completely your fault for not reading the patch notes then. Even long ones like this patch can be read while you're waiting in queue/champ select. 




 It's actually crazy. He was 100% pick or ban at worlds, and a patch later during the expansion tournament he hasn't been picked once. All because of one auto attack on his W. 




 Don't get me wrong, Leona jungle is a blast to play. I was just saying that in my experience playing Leona jungle that there are better options out there. If you have had success with her, go ahead and play her. I actually enjoy seeing non-meta picks (Ive personally had success with adc ahri before. The kiting is real) 




 Nautilus just outclasses her in every way in the jungle. He has faster clears, an escape (which they'll need as they are both terrible duelists), and more sustain. Leona might have slightly better ganks, but Nautilus is still one of the best gankers in the game. You can still roam as Leona support and gank, while having a jungler that won't just have to end up conceding their entire jungle to the enemy Lee or Kha. 




 She used to have much higher base damage, and lower ratios. Riot changed them to make her more viable mid and less viable as a support. She also had a longer stun at early levels. 




 I just watched this a few weeks ago, and I found it really boring and not up to the hype. It was literally CLG sitting behind a turret for over 30 minutes while Moscow Five was like "I wonder if Anivia will wave clear this wave too?" They were 20K gold up, they could have easily dived them and came out ahead, or splitpushed. Anivia can only clear one turret at once. Instead they just played ARAM and let CLG get to six items, where gold leads don't matter.  




 That would be amazing! 




 Nah I was a top lane irelia against a darius. So while I didn't feed, I wasn't very fed due to the fact I had to lane against a darius, with me having 0 jungle pressure. 




 No. He was on my team, and had a super high amount of both kills and deaths. He would walk into a fight, delete someone, and promptly get deleted himself. I wouldn't blame him for losing the game, they had a super fed tristana which carried them. 




 I'm in bronze and I just recently played a with jungle udyr who rushed double infinity edges into a shiv. He was almost completed what I believe to be a bloodthirster before the game ended. He didn't even have a jungle item. 




 I personally prefer Teleport, as it makes tougher lanes much easier. It also gives you so much map pressure, as if they have an open inhibitor they always have to worry about the jax backdoor. Ignite does give you more kill pressure, especially at level 1/2, but I find that it's both easier and safer just to farm safely, and have a huge advantage late game with teleport. 




 You usually don't first pick him, as after all these nerfs he has a weak laning phase against many champions (like gnar). If you're comfortable on him you can still play him into everything, but your goal is just to survive lane and outscale. Jax works best now as a counter pick against champions like Fiora, Tryndamere, Irelia, that he can push around a bit in lane as well as outscale. Also a helpful tip is to go for a level 1-2 cheese. You activate counterstrike while your both in his minion wave and just start auto attacking him, you should be able to get 3-4 auto attacks in for free, plus another 100 damage from counter strike. This should put them dangerously low and let you take lane dominance from level 1.  




 I find irelia works. If he stands anywhere near a low health minion from level 4 on, you can basically blow a flash or get a kill every time. You just do too much damage for him to fight with in his squishy mini form, and if he hops away you can just Q back on to him. If you can get a kill on him, you can snowball the lane super hard against him. 




 To be fair, Irelia vs any squishy ranged top laner is a slaughter. The only exception is a good quinn. 




 Pretty much anything that isn't full AD works on cho'gath. He scales so well with basically every stat in the game. Your build seems to work, so keep with it if you're doing well. 




 Easy one of the most satisfying things to do in game is to Q an entire wave as irelia. 




 Odds are that you won't need the MR blues that much in lane. Unless your facing against a sona or karma, the majority of the poke against you will be auto attacks anyways. The extra attack speed helps you with your last hitting, gives you a very slight advantage in an all-in, and scales better into late game. 




 Apparently Warwick is god-tier right now. His sustain is so useful in the new jungle, and the new devourer enchantment (40 magic damage flare), plus the true damage on-hit smite literally let's him 100-0 champions at level 6. There's a few videos going around, and it is completely ridiculous. You just walk up to a champion, smite him, ult and collect your free 400 gold 




 Singed is her #1 counter, he's too tanky to burst and does too much damage to outduel. Jax can completely negate her ult with counterstrike, and outscales her like crazy. Kayle can bully her, kite her, ignore her ult, and outscales her too. 




 Critplank. The damage is insane. A 300+(4.5AD)+250 damage spell on a 5 second cooldown (before CDR) 
























 I've only gone primarily mid lane eve this patch. Her clears are just too painful, and she doesn't really benefit from any other jungle items. (Devourer is nice, but farming the stacks isn't effective on her.) 


BOTRK is absolute core on her. It increases her burst significantly, and gives her strong sustained damage and sticking potential. Manamune helps with her mana problems (you can't consistently use your passive in lane), plus it gives a massive damage increase when it's it's completed. You then have a choice between IBG or Triforce next, 90% of the time I go iceborn, as you often need that little extra tankyness to survive teamfights. From there it's more situational, but I usually go banshees, and I often pick up a last whisper as the majority of your damage is physical. Boots are an odd choice, as literally every single boot in the game will work on you. I often go Mercs, but I think sorcerer shoes might be better due to it giving a large damage increase on your R and Q. Take a couple points in Q for easier farming/harass then max E 




 You need to build her as an assassin now with emphasis with on hit. BOTRK, and muramana (if going lane eve) alone let you 100-0 a squishy in literally under a second. It's actually super strong.  




 Atm his ult is a fairly useless (in comparison) evolution, so everyone evolves his QWE. The only difference is in the order they evolve them in. 




 It was confirmed a glitch 




 Post 6 AP Kog is a really good farmer. A E-R clears the caster minions, and with your W and the attack speed boost it's really easy to get the melees as well. 




 I find lux hard to farm with. Her E leaves creeps with little slivers of hp left for the longest times. 




 You have to remember that this is only after you die, and it doesn't regenerate. Minion aggro, poke, etc will delete the shield. That sounds fairly reasonable 




 They should make it be a shield of 8% or so of your max health, that way it still might be a sub-par mastery, but it scales a lot better. 




 I've found success with BOTRK, Muramana, IBG/Tri, Banshees, and either last whisper or another tanky item (depending on how you're playing her). The last whisper may sound odd, but the vast majority of her burst will come from her E and the autos after that, so the armor pen makes it a good pick up. Muramana helps with her early mana problems, and gives her the most burst +sustained damage out of any other item in the game, at the cost of a slower ramp-up time. 




 Doublelift to TSM confirmed. 




 Everyone knows that Pingu will be incredibly broken though 




 I've been going pretty standard 21/9, with hybrid pen marks, armor seals, mr glyphs, and AD quints. 




 Hey man, try solo lane assassin evelynn, I've been stomping with it since last patch. You can go mid for the better roaming, or top for the better matchups. Your main build is BOTRK, Muramana, and IBG (you can go Triforce for more damage if you want). A Ult-E-Auto-Q-Auto will blow up a squishy in under a second. It's actually ridiculous. Take 2-3 points in Q for better farming/harass in lane, and then max E. 




 Solo lane AD evelynn is actually very strong with the on hit buffs . Core items are BOTRK and muramana and usually a sheen item. (Tri for more damage, iceborn for stickiness and being more tanky). You completely delete squishies in under a second with a ult-E-Q plus a couple autos. You are also a strong splitpusher, (over 2.0 attack speed with BOTRK and maxed E, plus sheen procs and waveclear). 




 Honestly all of those champions can do well building damage, especially Zyra and Sona.  




 It's a combination of high damage, and gapclosers/sticking potential. Give two early kills to an akali/riven, and they can just jump on you and 100/0 you anytime you go near them. They can just go around and kill anybody they want. Meanwhile, getting two kills on someone like a orianna or Karthus won't let you snowball as hard as you can't force your advantage like you can on Fiora or Katarina. And champions like rammus or nautilus don't have the same damage output as the aforementioned champions, so even though they can push their advantage, odds are the enemy will be able to make it to their turret, or escape in other ways before you can kill them. 




 Why do you believe c9 won't finish any higher then third? They had a convincing IEM tournament.  




 I heard sneaky say two days ago that Runaans is great when ahead, but if he's behind BOTRK is much better.  He said he built BOTRK when he was fed as fuck in scrims, and he couldn't solo carry the game like he could have if he built Runaans, he also said he was behind in scrims, and built Runaans and got even farther behind. It seems like it's situational for him. 




 To be fair, C9 is by far the favorite at the moment for first. TSM and Liquid are the two teams that seem most likely for second, I don't seem to see the problem with those predictions. 




 To be fair, hai can tend to get pretty salty at times 




 AP nunu is actually terrifying to lane against, more so if you're a melee. You sit back and try to farm? Enjoy 275 base damage, 1.0AP Ice balls to the face every few seconds. Try to poke? He has bullshit sustain. Try to all in him? He can just sit there and charge his ult, and one shot you, or just snowball you and blood boil away. 




 Adc Ahri. Rush Triforce into IE. You have decent auto attack range/speed, insane kiting, crazy mid-game damage, and strong self-peel. You snowball incredibly hard as well. Your damage does fall off late game, but you still end up being very safe. 




 'Hey let's complain about free gifts!' 




 Nightblade irelia. It's got one of the most beautiful splashes in the game, good model, and is fairly cheap. For some reason everyone likes frostbutt better though.  




 On-hit jungle kayle is actually a legit build though. Go Devourers, into nashors, CDR boots, wits end, hurricane and void staff. You'll be doing 750+ dps to 3 targets at a time late game  




 The problem with your jarvan build is going hydra IMO. With jungle jarvan the only damage you need is warrior enchantment and usually a second brutalizer. The building of a hydra will make you lose a giants belt and a wardens mail of tankyness. You need that to survive diving their carries. 




 Botrk. Jax scales very hard off of attack speed. Plus the active and passive overall work better with jaxes duelist kit. The only advantage that Gunblade has is that it gives slightly higher burst, but jax is more reliant on sustained damage over burst in most cases. 




 If your support has a lot of peel they'll just ult your diving top laner, or your zed/Leblanc, etc with no peel. Yeah, I hate poppy. 




 A good cho won't waste his Q, unless he's playing against someone like xerath. I play a lot of cho mid, mostly against assassins like zed or fizz, and I'll pretty much just sit on my Q until they try to engage, or when they are poked down enough to all-in.  




 Playing AP bruiser cho into him is pretty fun, as you can disengage easily if tries to fight pre 6, you have strong poke in your W, and post 6 if he ever comes near you you can one-shot him before he even has time to ult. Also late game you have insane waveclear, so it'll be impossible for him to take towers against you easily. 




 Nightblade best overall. 




 Odds are you won't be able to bully enemy laners past level 1. Jax is pretty weak until level 11ish. 




 Blood moon akali 




 That's the secret to enjoyable games. I can't even think of the last time I had an intentional DC. It's honestly as easy as saying " don't worry man, you're doing fine" to somebody who is starting to tilt. Say Gj when your bot lane gets a kill, or when your jungler has a successful gank. 




 Nocturne is my champion with the highest win rate (73% over 40 games) and I have had the most success with devourer, BOTRK, Randuins, Banshees, Tabi's/Mercs and a situational last item ( often GA). This build gives you both a strong 1v1, and a strong teamfight. (Due to being near unpeelable with two spell shields)

If you go solo lane noc I replace devourer with ghostblade, and occasionally pick up a hydra as well. 




 I actually mean to say manamune instead of muramana. My bad. 




 Hey summonerschool. As you may know, evelynn is getting a buff next patch to have on-hit effects apply on each strike of her E. I have a couple questions on how various items would effect it.

1. Would ravenous hydra's cleave (passive) damage apply to the target hit? Since its not considered a basic attack, I wonder if the target hit would take any damage from the hydra itself.

2. Would muramana proc 4 times? Muramana currently procs twice on her E, due to it being a single target ability with two strikes. With it applying on-hit effects, would it now proc 4 times? or is it restricted somehow?

Thanks! 




 This is possibly the first time I have ever heard someone call poppies lane safe. She has a horrendous early game. 




 Rek'sai seems to be what you're looking for. 




 Ninja tabi's are also a good choice on many tanks, the 10% reduced auto attack damage is huge for their survivabililty. You can get tenacity from elixirs, and even then, you don't need the tenacity as much to be a big sponge. 




 Kayle is my suggestion. You bring high magic damage dps and strong utility. Your ganks are fairly decent, and your clear is great. 




 (This is single target build)

Her lvl 18 base AD is 106. With 2.0 attack speed that is 212 dps.

Devourers will be at around 100 stacks by full build. That is another 200 dps.

Wits end gives 42 magic damage on hit. 84 DPS

Her E + nashors gives 75 magic damage on hit before ratios. 150 dps

With rabadons, void staff, and nashors you should be at 351 ap. .4 of that is 140. 280 dps.

212+200+84+280+150= 926 damage per second. Close enough. 

With a hurricane you will have even higher attack speed, but you'll do slightly less damage, to multiple targets.

EDIT: forgot to add E base damage beforehand.
 




 If you build jungle kayle right, she has insane damage. Full build, you  will do ~1000single target damage per second, or -600dps to three targets with a hurricane. And this is just with your E alone.  




 His full combo can be done in under a second. Leblanc is slightly slower if you wait for the chain to proc.  




 http://i.imgur.com/A8ai7PI.png 




 He's a strong solo queue pick. He still has high burst, snowballs well, and has possibly the fastest burst of all assassins. His lane is harder now, but mid-late game he is still nearly the same. 




 Plus it gives sheen procs  




 If he is in a position where you're going to get silenced, and you know you can't escape, just activate your W (before he silences you) and auto him through his spin. You're going to take his damage anyways, might as well trade him some back. He will win the trade, but it will be still fairly close. You outscale him hard, so if you end up being a little behind in CS it's fine. Also, if you get a hexdrinker, you can completely nullify his ult. 




 It would be great to see a female streamer that is actually good at the game, and isn't just sexualizing their stream to try to get 13 year olds to watch. The only one I can really think of would be Becca or however you spell it. 




 My parents would knock me on the side of the head, or twist my ear if I disobeyed. I'm fine with things like that. But punching a 13 year old kid in the face? That's not discipline. That's child abuse. 




 I have never seen a Janna flame in my life. 




 Ad casters will still have auto attacks 




 Trynd could be a exception due to
Him having a lot of passive crit chance. 




 Couldn't you have trundle and aatrox splitpush? If you go 1-3-1 Kayle lulu and urgot could hold off a siege pretty well on their own. Strong waveclear and nearly impossible to dive. Trundle is one of the strongest duelists in the game, and aatrox is still quite strong in a 1v1. It's not perfect, but it could theoretically work. 




 If you don't level his ult past level 1, you're wasting kassadins #1 feature. His insane mobility. You don't level your ult for the damage. You level it for the cooldown reduction. At level 16 you can basically ult into the enemy team, assassinate someone, Zhonyas, and ult away. 
 




 Revive TP Karthus is actually a  legit strategy though. 




 How does Jax counter riven? As someone who plays a lot of jax it feels like I can't really do much at all until I have Triforce or Botrk and tabi's. She has the mobility to escape jaxes counterstrike, and short enough cooldowns to punish him whenever his E is on cooldown.   Her level 6 spike is so much stronger then Jax's as well. He outscales her in 1v1s, but he won't ever be able to freely take towers against her, and she has a stronger teamfight in most situations. 




 Her Q cooldown is shorter then the duration. You can't really 'wait for it to go on cooldown' 




 I would love to read it when it's finished! 




 Isn't she still fairly strong in sustained fights with her massive attack speed steriod? 




 I've had some experience as AP bruiser Cho vs gnar, he is fairly annoying due to his mobility and kiting in mini form. However, if you rush double Doran rings, you can harass him very hard with your W. Odds are you aren't going to be able to hit many Q's against him, but at 6 you can occasionally try when he is committing to a cs. He's so squishy in early mini form that you can 70-0 him if you land your Q (You'll most likely have to flash to get on him). Gnar is also not amazing at farming under his tower in mini form, so if you know it's clear you can shove him under and harass him for every cs. Just take care as if a jungler ganks you are basically screwed when you try to waddle away. Admittedly full tank cho would have a much harder lane . 




 Mundo, Maokai, probably
Malphite/Shen. Basically anybody who doesn't have an overly strong lane/weak damage. Poppy just needs a place to farm without being zoned. 




 RIP team LOMO 




 Well Ryze is slightly less boring, as you can chain your spells instead of  only pressing 4 buttons and being useless. 




 That honestly would be sort of fun. The kiting would be real, and it would just be fun to see the enemies health bars drop from the OPness of the kit. 




 Ryze Q

Kassadin Q

Taric E

Tristana R

Xerath passive

You literally walk up to someone, hover over them and press QWER, then walk away. 




 Since when does swain build athenes? Every one I've ever seen has gone either rod or tear 




 He was sitting on around 850 AP at the moment. His ulti does around around 1250 true damage with that much hp.  




 Not just a decent win rate, the best win rate. After only a few weeks of practise (so things like builds/play styles aren't set in stone yet either) 




 Shaco and Loki both have the same passive ability, invisibility, clones, and I would assume play stole. 




 Well it was. Janna was the highest yesterday. 









 I understand you were exaggerating, but Vel'koz still
does have something like a 2.2AP total ratio on his skills. So yes, a Vel'koz with 1k AP does vastly outdamage a Vel with just a lilandries ;). 




 On-hit kayle is actually pretty strong, but the problem with it is it takes a long time to ramp up. You need three items before you really start doing strong damage, But when you hit late game you absolutely shred teamfights.  




 Vlad is strong late game due to having high AOE damage, on low
cooldowns. He also has an is deceptively tanky due to his passive, and is basically impossible to kill until he gets 3 spell rotations off (REQ-Pool-EQ-Zhonyas-EQ.) His ult also gives a quite large damage increase for his entire team if he lands a good ult. If he can get to the back like, he can blow up the ADC and APC, and still be basically full health. 




 Except for her taunt 




 It's actually true. I've never seen an akali player that is toxic. But a fizz/fiora/riven/katarina/any other snowbally assassin main? They are often the most toxic players out there. 




 People don't get berserkers on Corki as he as a terrible scaling attack speed. Since the bonus attack speed scales multiplicatively off of base attack speed, he'll barely get an increase. This makes sorcerers shoes do more damage comparatively  




 Adc Ahri. You have a good auto attack range, passable attack speed scaling, and insane kiting/self peel ability. You build much like Corki, with the Triforce rush. You have a crazy good mid-game, and can snowball like crazy. With a sheen you can basically take half an ADC's health with just a Q auto. A hit charm is a guaranteed kill in lane with your ult up. You fall off fairly hard late game damage wise (like all Triforce ADC's though), but you make up for it by being incredibly safe, so while your dps might not be as high, you should be able to actually attack more often. 




 Well to be fair, 0/6 and 50 cs down isn't losing lane, it's getting stomped. 




 Especially because how snowbally
mirror matchups are. If one person has a slight advantage, the other person is basically screwed. 




 Hang in there man, about a month ago I was in b4 too. Now I'm in silver 3 and still climbing. Just keep focusing on improving, and find a champion that can A) hard carry games B) Can punish opponents mistakes C) You love playing. All I mean by this criteria is that while someone like Nunu, Lulu, Mundo, etc. might be fun to play, odds are you can't carry a bot lane that gave up 5 kills to a Lucian at the 10 minute mark.

For me those champions were Irelia, Nocturne, and Kassadin (For top, jungle, and mid respectively)  




 Many top laners can beat him in an all in at level 6. Until then, buy plenty of potions, and sustain as much as you can. Miss any cs that you would take too much damage for. He has a small mana pool, so your goal is to have your hp outlast your mana. 




 Poppy will continue getting picked more and more, and eventually be considered a meta pick. Morello will follow through on his promise and she will be nerfed into uselessness. 




 Jax, Nasus, Maokai, Mundo, Poppy,   




 You're wasting Irelias potential if you play safe and farm at any time past level 4 with her. She is at her peak, and you should use that to your advantage. 




 Jinx is a hypercarry lane bully, but she has her fair set of weaknesses. That's the only one I can think of. 




 I can't think of a single champion that can do this. Only some niche lane counter picks can bully a laner hard and then destroy late game without being fed. 




 The buffs don't fix what made him considered a weak pick just last patch, rather they help his already strong late game. While the dragon and baron buffs help, the odds are the team that has a rumble sitting on a haunting guise, or a gnar with a brutalizer, will win every early dragon fight compared to the team with a Jax with a sheen. The new turrets do make it harder to dive the enemy laner, and the majority of the picks now are safe enough to avoid it in the first place. Jax is one of my favorite champions, and I'm happy to see him back. I just don't see what makes him a priority blind pick now. 




 I haven't been able to watch any of the competitive games for 4.21, but I have noticed from the game threads that jax seems to be becoming a very popular pick again. I understand he got some slight buffs, but those don't make up for his previous weaknesses that caused him to fall out of favor ( mostly his weak early game). He should be getting bullied by the meta top laners (gnar, lissandra, rumble) plus he is also a late game champ, with a weaker teamfight, in a mid-game teamfight focused meta. Splitpushing is also not as effective a strategy compared back to when he was in his heyday. Could someone explain why he rose again in popularity? 




 What I've found is that they would get massively fed in lane/mid game, and then as soon as teamfights start they would try 1v5ing, blow up instantly, and then type "/all gg team too heavy" with a  final score of 20/20/0 




 Just climbed out of bronze, can confirm. He's THE most common pick I saw for top, with Riven being a close second. 




 He's got to reach the pedal somehow 




 If you're going to play gangplank, might as well abuse his Q and buy trinity force, shiv, and infinity edge. These three items give you insane damage. From there you can go tanky (safer, let's you get CDR, less trolly), or you can go full on damage (LW, Hydra) for the full cheese one-shot crits. 




 Talking about 'controversial' scenes that she was filming, and that sort of thing. 




 It still is pretty damn pervy. Even if she's 17, she looks like she's 14. At least Sophie actually looks her age (arguably slightly older looking) 




 She's 18 now, and I believe she has hinted about it now in several interviews. Not confirmed, but likely. 




 Abyssal cho is legit though 




 No. Fiora scales off of armor pen and flat AD, both of which ghostblade has. The active and the crit chance are nice bonuses, but not the reason you buy the items Phantom dancer however doesn't give you any stats that fiora needs, and the passive (while still nice) isn't necessary on her, (due to her having two dashes anyhow)  




 Something that hasn't been mentioned yet is that the meta is very mid-game focused. Renekton can bully the laners enough that they won't be effective in these mid game dragon fights, letting his team snowball the game. 




 Well you definitely seem like you know what you're talking about. Gj, I love seeing off-meta picks that work. 
























 Those still are a massive buff though. With 40%CDR, you get to riptide every 2.4 seconds! You'll do a lot more damage over time with that then you will with a 25 damage DOT, that only stays up with your shield being up. 




 It gives her more burst, but hugely effects her early clears in the jungle 




 The %health being removed is a huge nerf to her early clears. 




 Noc top. 




 Nocturne isn't terrible at pre6 ganks if you hit your Q. Odds are you won't get a kill unless you have a lockdown laner, but you can force flashes incredibly easy. 




 Then again, c9 is famous for the "I got cumshot in 7" being played over comms 




 I would argue that hai is best on pre-nerf syndra. IIRC that was what he played when they beat SSB 




 He's a strong pick, especially against lower mobilty teams. He excels at being an anti-bully in lane (pretty much impossible to push him out of lane), that can scale into either an unkillable super tank, or a monstrous burst threat depending on the build. He's also incredibly snowbally if you get ahead.

In teamfights you want to be a massive wall that body blocks all the skillshots for your team. You'll get kited out if you try to dive so it's usually best just to peel for your carries (especially since you can shred tanks with your true damage nuke).  




 Yeah it's pretty much that. There are websites that archive a lot of the links to deep web sites. Unless things have changed in the 2 or so years since I last was on it. Seeing a video of a guy finding a roadkill fox, taking it home, and fucking it was the last straw for me. 




 It's satire, you shouldn't get so riled up about it. 




 You could literally defend an Inhib turret from the fountain using your ult. 




 I agree with what your saying, but look at some of the numbers post nerf. 

Kassadin ult range: 450 

Cool down:7/5/3

Mana cost 60 x2 up to a total of 980

Nidalee pounce range: 375 (750 against hunted)

Cool down: 5

Mana cost: 0

In short, the champion who's entire kit is based around his mobility is basically outclassed by Nidalee. This is not even mentioning the fact that Nidalee has much higher burst at all points of the game (a level 9 spear will out damage a level 13 QE from Kassadin alone). She also has the benefit of a strong early/mid game, where Kassadin needs to make it to at least the 25 minute mark to be effective. 




 I don't think that build is bad, but you have to remember that you will be missing out on a ton of damage for early ganks, which often will mean the difference between a kill or not. You could offset this by rushing your trinity force before completing juggernaut, but you may find that you might not have a real powerspike for any mid-game fights.  




 Yes I do, I also know that it is his ultimate ability, does neglible damage, and has insane mana costs. I'm not saying that Kassadin doesn't need a nerf, but this is overkill. 




 Kassadin has been balanced around having a weak early/mid game, and a strong late game. Making his ult range go 450/550/650 (instead of a static 450 like on PBE) will still be a net nerf, even at max rank. This will still let him be able to actually ult onto ADCs in teamfights (as all adc's will outrange riftwalk if the original changes go through) but will also make his early/mid game weaker as he can't make the same sort of jungle escapes, or roam as well until he's max rank. This will also cut back on snowballing, making him easier to shut down.  




 Yep, all meta ADCs out range riftwalk now. 




 They basically halved his riftwalk distance 




 To be fair, a girl challenger is *somewhat* special, when you factor in how few girls are likely in challenger in the first place. 




 And UOL 2-0d TSM, yet TSM is ahead of UOL. Things have changed since IEM's, and this is coming from a C9 fan. 




 They're not as strong as they were during the league of hyper carries late season 4, but ADC is still a strong role. Unfortunately, the current meta is pretty harsh to adc's with dive comps being popular. Every team has a Vi/Jarvan or Lissandra to lock you down and make you miserable.

The best ADC at the moment is Graves, other top-tier ones are Sivir, Jinx, Corki, and Kalista ( only in competitive/duo queues) 




 I'm just curious, where would you find room for CDR in your build? ROA into Zhonyas is non-negotiable, you need Deathcap and Void staff to do real damage, and then your left with one slot, which is usually filled with a Lich Bane, GA, Banshees, etc. 




 Unfortunately, there is no real ADC like old Tristana. She had a combination of damage and safety that no other ADC really had. The closest IMO is actually Cait. Strong lane, weak mid game, strong late game. Very safe,  and high range as well. Unfortunately she isn't really a 'hypercarry', but her damage is still respectable. 




 Sirchez plays him to success in masters. He blind picks him and everything. If you like him enough, you can play him in pretty much any elo (you'll start to have troubles the higher you rise, but that won't be for quite a while) 




 "Wow this noob Lee tried to insec their ADC, but he failed his flash. I swear he didn't hit a single Q all game, and didn't even gank bot despite them having no wards." 




 Especially with such a low-kill game 




 I would take a frozen heart. Sion has enough CC as it is that he doesn't particularily need the slow, and the extra armor is just so valuable on a tank, especially one with as much natural health as Sion. 

Also, another point I just want to make about the manamune is that all of Sions abilities are AOE, so he can't even proc the bonus damage on anything but his autos. 




 There's basically nothing riot can do (besides an absurd nerf or complete rework) that will make kassadin not viable. I say go for him. He's really fun to play, and fairly easy to pick up. He's also got a high skillcap (not in a mechanical sense, more of just knowing his limits and when to go in/out) so he's rewarding to master. Just remember that he has a long ramp-up time, (especially if they keep nerfing his base damages). You can't do too much until ROA + Zhonyas, and you don't really start dealing strong damage until over 3 items in.  




 5% bonus AR/MR  is literally negligible if you're not building full tank. With a GA, and armour/mr runes, you're getting around 3 armour and MR each. That is so little it's almost non existent (at the point in the game where you would have a GA) 




 well, it does work for Nidalee :^) 




 Also, it's been seen a lot on vi's and other jungles recently, as it lets her farm the jungle, gank, and regen the lost health so she can remain farming. It also gives her much more health from her passive 




 Poke comps 




 Ap lee song support 




 Crit isn't optimal, but it is still a great stat on nasus. It's absurd how much damage you will deal with a crit Q, as it will include the AD steroid from your ult. I have literally one-shot a sona with a crit-Q + sheen proc from triforce. You're right about the stacks not being added to the crit damage however. 




 While I agree with what your saying, It doesn't fit the parameters of your question. Let's say you get camped and end up very gold starved(like under 3k gold at the 15 minute mark) and a dragon fight breaks out. Would you rather have a rumble with sorc shoes and guise, or a jaz with a sheen and phage? Yes, jax will eventually become a beast either way, but the game will snowball out of control before them if he is starved. 




 Rumble is probably the best 'meta' champ to be gold starved. He only really needs sorc shoes and haunting guise to be effective. 




 Jax is extremely gold dependent. He needs a good 7k gold to hit his powespike. 




 Keane is known for wrecking challenger players as urgot 




 Hasn't lost a single LCS Game on him 




 Nobody really punishes him though in low Elo 




 Hell, I finished my season as a lowly silver, got placed bronze 3, and carried myself out easily. 90% irelia win rate, 100% nasus, 75% Ahri/Kog/Morg. As a diamond you can easily smash lane and carry from there. Plus, if you're respectful and are carrying, bronze players will listen to your calls all the time. 




 To be fair to hai, kass has a fairly hard lane against corki. 




 Maple street basically fucked himself anyhow 




 Rush did show up today though 




 Janna will remain, purely because of these aggressive supports. She offers the disengage to make someone like Leona useless 




 That will still take a solid ~13 minutes to get under IDEAL conditions. With the amount of pressure riven can put on him, you can delay that much much longer. 




 He's actually fairly weak at the moment, purely because of the popularity of Morellonomicon. His ult regen will almost always be reduced by half, unless you pop it extremely early. He will still be a unkillable super tank, just slightly less effective then he was in s4. Plus other tanks such as Maokai and Gnar bring so much more then him in terms of utility. 




 Abusing your E is the biggest point. Irelia is weak early game in most matchups, until you get several points in your W. Against strong laners you can farm fairly Safely with your Q, and disengage with your E.  You can usually look to all-in your laner at levels 4,5,7,9, when she gets additional true damage from her W. Don't worry about being pushed under your turret, as irelia is one of the best turret farmers in the entire game + it makes it incredibly easy for you to set up ganks when they're that pushed. 




 Shyvs E is an on-hit buff, Kalistas E is a secure that takes time to ramp up. Completely different things. 




 If you have to have a fed support though, annie is probably the best choice 




 Shyvs E is an on-hit buff though, that made her clears stupidly fast. 




 It only works when your team has baron control though. 




 Show us a screenshot of the scripting message then. 




 You will still have a much stronger teamfight then the team that will likely be lacking the utility that most top laners bring 









 The standard build is Triforce into BOTRK. From there it's mostly situational, but the most common is then IE into phantom dancer (gives higher dps then last whisper even against tanks) however, last whisper is still a good choice, as it is often stronger then pd when your W is down/you can't afford to auto constantly. You should pick up a defensive item early on as you already do high dps but have low survivabililty.

 




 It'll be a must buy for me. It pays for itself in basically 3 minutes. 250
Gold is enough to give up as a solo laner without the fear of falling behind that a sightstone will give you. 




 Have you ever fired a gun before? The skills it takes to be a sharpshooter are vastly different then it takes to be a league of legends player. 




 Leave regular sports and E-sports separate. They're both activities that take a lot of skill and practise, but still aren't nearly close enough to be put in the same category. Maybe someday we will see an E-sports Olympics or something, just preferably not in the same showing as a 100 metre sprint or swimming competitions. 




 I think annie might be a good choice for you. Easy mechanics, stupid burst, great engage, everything you would need for an all-in comp. As a bonus she can also be played support as well. 




 I've been playing her in lane since the patch. Since you can't reliably use your passive for any extended period of time in lane you really need the tear. Plus it gives you a MASSIVE damage increase when it is completed. In jungle eve (which is weaker then lane eve imo)  I would skip it though, you can't afford the early 720 gold for no combat stats on someone who already struggles in her clear. 




 Evelynn actually is pretty threatening if built as an assassin now. A BOTRK, Muramana and sheen will literally let her kill a carry in less then a second. 




 Silver 3

5/5

Bronze 3. 

Guess the climb from bronze 4 to silver 3 during preseason was useless. Only positive is I'm gaining 25lp per win and only losing 13 




 To be honest, even as an 'off-meta' pick, he just doesn't really have anything going for him. His attack speed scaling is horrendous, (.777 at level 18), he has low range (550 is the norm), no mobility at all, and no AD scaling. He has literally 0 traits you would want in an adc, besides some small self peel, which you won't need as nobody will focus you due to dealing zero damage. Velkoz is just completely outclassed. Most off meta picks like adc twisted fate or adc ahri have things going for themselves that make them not dead-weight. Ahri has a massive mid game spike and insane kiting and self peel, and twisted fate has an attack speed steroid, self peel, and a decent magic damage on-hit steriod.  

You can go ahead and try it if you want, just it really isn't worth the effort. 




 Nautilus probably takes the cake. He's got an AOE knock up, a snare (that can be used repeatedly on different people, a AOE slow, and a pull + gapcloser.  




 Kog'maw has all of that as well, and he also has a much larger range, better attack speed scaling and actual steroids.  




 Step 1: Get stomped 0/4 in Lane

Step 2: Hit level 6

Step 3: Roam bot

Step 4:????

Step 5: Finish the game 20/5 ( the last death was a BM victory fountain dive 




 Well I got dumpstered last week by a full AD Leona, so it can work. IMO the problem with it would be that you would be a fairly weak laner, with a long ramp-up time. Once you get a couple items, you should be quite scary though. You have enough crowd control to sit on a carry and kill them, while still being hard to kill with your natural tankyness. 




 He was disabled for the weekend due to a bug. Sion is basically a 'secondary Maokai', and so filled in his role of being a unkillable CC tank. 




 MF is much like Varus though. A lane bully (you can lane swap to avoid her) with inconsistent mobility and too little damage to make up for it. The only ADC's without a dash that see play are Kog'Maw (insane dps, usually have comps built around him), Sivir (Ult can be used as a escape, has spell shield to avoid being caught), and Jinx (very high damage, has some self-peel, passive gives her needed mobility as well) 




 I haven't lost a game with adc ahri (in normals of course).

It's actually somewhat decent. You have an absurd powerspike when you get a sheen. (Hitting a charm post-6 is basically a guaranteed kill, especially if your support has any secondary CC. You snowball exceptionally hard, just make sure you don't make it to late game as even ashe will outdamage ahri after 4 items. 




 And then building full damage and literally one-shotting squishies 




 They'll pick it up, I guarantee it. If cloud 9 doesn't finish top 3 in this split, I will quit league of legends and only play train simulator 2015 for the rest of the year. 




 It feels like their team fighting is off sync. Getting split up, not focusing down the right people, etc. 




 What could sneaky even do against a Zed, Kassadin and Vi as a Kog'maw? He goes within 2 miles of a teamfight and gets blown up. 




 He did great with Orianna during IEMs 




 To be fair, when you have a Janna, Lulu and Nunu for peel, and a gnar to use J4 ults against him, it's pretty hard to actually get near Kog 




 On the other hand. They based their entire team comp around this substitute. If he played badly they were screwed. 




 I didn't see Lemon hit a single hook in those teamfights 




 Jax vs Nasus is pretty much always in Nasuses favor. Jax relies on outscaling every one of his lane opponents in order to be successful, and Nasus is pretty much the one champ he doesn't outscale. He's very attack speed reliant, so wither wrecks him. His counterstrike doesn't stop the damage from Nasus's Q as well. Nasus also stacks resists, and since Jax doesn't build pen he'll struggle damaging him late game. Jax can still win a 1v1 duel during parts of the mid game, around the 1-2 item mark, but any earlier and any later he will get beaten. 




 Then they have the right to refuse entry to the country. 




 TIL XWX is European 




 It reminds me of Blood moon Akali, which is my favorite splash in the game. 




 Damn that nidalee splash is beautiful, reminds me of Blood Moon Akali a lot. 




 I don't know about you guys, but I personally like it. 




 Max Q first for stronger ganks and faster clears. Max W second as it makes you SO much tankier for mid-game teamfights. Max E last as it doesn't really give you much bonus per level, it's more of a one point wonder. 




 Well who else was there even open in jungle? Everyone was basically banned out. 




 Renekton is THE pick into jax. He just didn't play the lane very well. 




 You know your in trouble when your Renekton loses lane to a Jax. 




 Vi and Fiddle are both top-tier solo queue picks. Warwick was unbelievably broken when they first released the new jungle itemization (~62% win rate and 90% ban rate), but then the nerfbat hit both him and the items, and now he's weaker as a champion then in season 4, but he's arguably more effective due to being one if the few junglers that doesn't get his ass kicked by the new jungle. Since there's also less early pressure he can powerfarm to  6 without the game snowballing out of control before then as well.

After the adc item changes late season 4, you should never be rushing bloodthirster anymore. On Sivir (and the majority of ADC's) the standard build path is now Infinity EdgeStattik Shiv/Phantom dancerLast whisperBloodthirster into whatever for the last item. Only real exceptions to this are Ezreal/Corki/Kog who rush Triforce, Twitch/Vayne who rush BOTRK, and Kalista (a new adc) who can either rush BOTRK, or a different build based around rushing Runaans Hurricane. 




 In jungle, Jarvan, Rek'Sai, and Lee are god tier right now. The new jungle hurts like a bitch, and those three are ones that can reliably clear it and still have some form of early pressure. In adc, Graves, Sivir, Corki, Ezreal are the contested picks.  




 What I did to learn is I spammed a bunch of games on kog'maw. You have no mobility, are squishy as fuck, and have only a slow for CC. Literally the only things keeping you alive in solo queue will be your positioning and your kiting. After  learning him, your mechanics will be much stronger. 




 Also, I would advise you to just try out other champions instead of 'maining' someone to 30. You'll learn more that way, by knowing the strengths and weaknesses of different champions. You'll eend up playing several hundred games pre-30, and odds are you'll end up bored of her after a while anyhow. I thought I would do the same as you with shyvana/akali when I started, but now I haven't even played either of them in months.  




 They essentially nerfed the double Q proc with the E changes. You can't Q...R-auto-Q-E anymore for that instaburst. You have to wait that extra second for the second auto. 




 The problem with irelia jungle is that jax jungle has the exact same play style, and outclasses her in every way, He has better sustain due to his E, faster clears cause his passive and ult, and more consistent ganks. Nothing is stopping you from playing her there, especially in normals, it's just subpar. 




 He is definitely viable, his problem is just how one-dimensional he is. There isn't much difference between a decent garen and a good garen, or a good garen and a great garen, so you won't get as much benefit from maining him. 




 I'm pretty sure c9 took a game off of samsung blue, which was considered a top team. NJWS was still a fairly strong team, and they beat them as well. I totally agree with you that they should not have been ranked so high, but you have to give them some credit. 




 Assassin lane eve is sleeper OP 




 How did irelia tp to baron if they had no vision of it? 




 In short, sheen gives her higher burst compared to phage. Once you have your ult, it gives you a stronger all-in as well. However, buying a sheen gives you weaker sustained damage pre-6, so onlydo short trades (E-Auto), against many lanes. 




 Top lane is honestly 'everything goes' right now. Gnar, Maokai, Lissandra, Irelia, are some of the common ones.

Mid has a lot of Azir, Leblanc, Zed, etc. 

Adc is basically Corki, Graves, Sivir and Ezreal.

Jungle is Jarvan, Lee, Rek'sai

Support is Janna, thresh, annie is on the verge of being FOTM. 




 I'm not a trick2g fan, but from my times I have watched his stream he does actually teach a lot, and is one of the most informative streamers IMO. It's just that you never see that on his highlight videos. 
























 2dank4me 




 Agreed 




 Im calling it. After all of the CLG, TIP, Liquid hype, it's going to end up being a C9 TSM final again 




 You can start going aggressive in the majority of match ups once you hit 4. It's just    level 2 and 3 that you really are weak in. 




 Just put them on a late game hypertank, plus a hypercarry ADC and mid laner. The game will make it to 60 minutes either way so might as well abuse it. 




 The other assassins got nerfed while she got a (small) buff. She also synergizes with the AOE all-in meta right now. 




 I really want to see him against sneaky. The flashy hard-carry ADC versus the consistently strong ADC who never has a bad game. Plus they're both arguably the best in their region so it would be even more hype. 




 I find it funny that fusion has a larger support staff then many LCS teams. I sure hope they make summer split, both the organization and the players deserve it. 




 TIP just communicates in basic English. Everyone there has good comprehension and reasonably strong speaking.  It's not like SHRC where they have a legitimate language barrier. 




 She offers a ton of pick potential, but with the Lissandra, Maokai, Ahri, etc. popularity she isn't really needed. 




 He also had a lot more success with support veigar in solo queue though then he is with naut. 




 Sneaky is still a world class ADC though. Second best in the west easily, and if forgiven is as easy to ban out as last weekend showed, you could make a case for sneaky being the best. 




 Gangplank is one of the most fun champs to
play. You buy Trinity, Shiv, IE. One shot carries with your Q. Or you build full AP, and have your ult wreck the enemy team, you chunk with a lich bane Q, and have a bullshit 1khp heal. Or build pretty much anything and still have a use for it. Gangplank has easily the most versatile build in the game. 




 I had a game recently when I wanted to try twitch jungle, and I got matched up against a shaco. Long story short, my jungle became his, and every single time he killed somebody he would post :^) in all chat. Fuck
Shaco. 




 She's had two consecutive nerfs now 




 As an Elise player, would you rather see her get small buffs until she's a strong yet not oppressive pick, or see her get a large buff, and become pick/ban tier again and subsequently nerfed into a weak state again? She's not even that bad right now tbh, I've seen her carry a ton of games recently. 




 Urgot actually just got a huge buff. He's still not the greatest champ, but he's actually at a half decent win rate now. (~48%?) 




 It's like people don't realize that riot is slowly trying to buff her back to usefulness, instead of giving her a massive buff in one patch and having oppressive spider bitch V2.0. 




 If c9 continues to struggle, I could honestly see the rumor of hai stepping down and incarnation joining c9 as a mid coming true. Meteos has shown he knows how to be a half-decent shotcaller, so it might actually work out well.  




 Lemon is doing fine IMO, he was one of c9s only bright points last week 




 C9, Gambit, WE, and YFW won a previous IEM tournament. 

GE, CJ, TSM, and SK were chosen for their performance in their regions.
 




 The players that leave from EU just want to be able to play in a competitive region 




 If you have watched any LPL before this, it's quite obvious that this version of WE is nothing like the 12th place team that left China. 




 According to recent events 

NACNKRTWBREU 




 The team that won had 2 substitute players, never won a match, and was the last placed team in China. They were expected to lose every game. They just beat what was thought the best in the world to go to the finals, against the NA team TSM 




 I'd argue it is, this blows Alliance and Kabum out of the water. 




 I'd argue that Apollo has been the biggest surprise this year. Who honestly expected the Apollo/Adrian bot lane to be as successful as it is? They're no rush hour or sneaky/lemon, but they are consistently doing what is needed of them, and doing it well. 




 To be fair, it's basically the same as benching them, except they get at least some LCS experience out of it. 




 Remember when they both lost to korea? 




 Inb4 Froggen gets relegated and joins cloud9. 




 I'd argue that YFW would be a mid-tier team in NA. They're on the same level as gravity or team8 imo. Cloud nine still should have won that though. 




 TW is still a better region then BR though. 




 At least cloud nine isn't in danger of being relegated 




 I'd argue that he is only slightly weaker then he was pre-nerf. Weaker pre-11, around the same 11-16, and slightly stronger 16+. He'll end up sitting at ~45% like beforehand I believe. 




 It's funny cause c9 used to be famous for a godlike pick ban phase 




 Sneaky is a pretty damn good ADC though. He's no forg1ven, but he's still one of the best western ADC's. I'd argue top 3. 




 Cloud 9 is known for their mid-late game shotcalling, while SK is known for their early game snowballs. If anything, SK resembles TSM, just with more of a bot lane focus instead of a mid lane focus. 




 Lemon's picks on Morgana was one of the only good things C9 did today, and Sneaky played quite well himself. Sure, C9 had a stronger early lane, but they were still beating them pretty convincingly until the disaster began. 




 Exactly. GE is a much stronger team,  I agree 100%. But just compare cloud 9 today to the cloud 9 at worlds. Uncalculated, sloppy play. I understand what they were going for, but the execution was terrible. 




 Deciding to drastically change their entire playstyle against the best team in the world is a pretty stupid choice. They could have easily played it like they did SSB at worlds, and they mightve just had a chance. Rumble had a early first blood, Sneaky/Lemon were dominating lane, Hai was in trouble, but could just play it as safe as he could. Instead they try stupid plays, that just get capitalized on over and over and led to the stomp that this was. 




 It was more C9 playing godawful then anything.  Balls was tilting before the game even started, (like chasing a lissandra under her tower with her ult up? Really?), Hai picked a terrible matchup and got snowballed on, Meteos made way too many risky plays that backfired, Lemon honestly didnt play too badly, and Sneaky honestly isn't to blame at all. 




 I found that promoting a melee minion gives it a fast push, as well as giving you a lot of CS due to the massive DPS buff it has (it will last hit the most). The downside is the melee minion will die the fastest because of it being the front of the wave. It also shreds turrets (just make sure it doesn't draw the turret aggro right off the bat)

A ranged minion will slow push the wave, and last the longest of all the minions. IMO it's best if you want to pressure somewhere like baron and apply pressure to the turret at bot with a wave building up.

A cannon minion is a mixture of the two, it won't push as fast as a melee minion, but it won't last as long as a ranged minion (due to getting focused down by turrets and other minions) . It's by far the best to upgrade if you have baron buff though. It gets focused down first by turrets which is a downside the majority of the time, unless you need to hold turret aggro for a long time (as it is the tankiest, but actually has the lowest dps increase of upgraded minions)

A good rule of thumb is melee = dps+free gold, ranged = survivability + slow push, cannon = tankiest + baron siege 




 I found that promoting a melee minion gives it a fast push, as well as giving you a lot of CS due to the massive DPS buff it has. The downside is the melee minion will die fast.

A ranged minion will slow push the wave, and last the longest of all the minions. IMO it's best if you want to pressure somewhere like baron and apply pressure to the turret at bot.

A cannon minion is a mixture of the two, it won't push as fast as a melee minion, but it won't last as long as a ranged minion (due to getting focused down by turrets and other minions) . It's by far the best to upgrade if you have baron buff though. It gets focused down first by turrets which is a downside the majority of the time, unless you need to hold turret aggro for a long time (as it is the tankiest, but actually has the lowest dps increase of upgraded minions)

A good rule of thumb is melee = high dps+free gold, ranged = survivability + slow push, cannon = tankiest + baron siege 




 Shyvana maybe? She has some of the fastest clears in the game, and scales into a massive dps tank like mundo for late game. 




 How are you reasonably going to fit 40%cdr on Kassadin without making his damage nonexistent? 




 He has a two second riftwalk CD, and arguably the worst base damages in the game on a AP carry. If you actually take the time to get 40% cdr, you will do nonexistent damage late game. The only cdr item that synergizes with him in the slightest is a IBG, and I would prefer a lich bane 90% of the time. 




 It's 5am pacific time 




 I never knew XWX was such a troll until this ama 




 Just shove her in. She has absolutely pitiful waveclear and she is very bad at last hitting under turret. 




 I like how you call c9s record abysmal when they're currently third in the LCS. 




 Agree with everything you say except the lack of damage, especially compared to Maokai. Damage is the one thing mundo isnt lacking. Mundo has the largest attack steroid in the game, and a 25% health nuke (with a high base damage on low health targets),  plus his burn does some consistent DPS. 




 To be fair, irelia has more early game sustain, free tenacity, and higher base stats then Hecarim, making her tankier with only a Triforce. Late game Hecarim is tankier and has higher sustain though. 




 Pretty much the only person who prioritizes him right now is TIP Rush 




 You can go trinity force into tank and be a unpeelable AD bruiser... Hold my beer, I actually sort of want to try this. 




 Like I mean XWX has better mechanics, better csing, etc. but bjerg is better at trading, roaming, and all of that 




 I think XWX is more skilled then bjergsen, but bjergsen is the better mid laner, if that makes any sense to you. 




 So much potential 




 The one champion where it's okay to feed to win, and XWX doesn't die once. What a god. 




 Apollo deserves his spot IMO. He's really stepped it up. 




 I see plenty to support IMO,  




 They have arguably the most skilled mid laner in NA, the jungler with the most potential, a very strong top laner with tons of experience, and a good bot lane that is completely exceeding their expectations. If they get their communication down pat I can see them being the best team in NA. 




 Give Keith more credit then that. He isn't some solo-queue trash player. He may not be a mechanical God like piglet, or a consistent rock like Sneaky, but he's still a strong ADC that does what the team needs of him. 




 They have a great record with Keith, and an abysmal record with Piglet. It doesn't matter how good someone can 'potentially' be, if the team obviously doesn't perform with them. 




 Balls is  good on Maokai IMO 




 At the moment, I would say Trundle. He's got clear strengths (Tank killer, strong duelist), and clear weaknesses ( CC wrecks him, kited easy in open areas, low burst). He's strong when tanks and split pushing  are strong, and weak when they aren't. He has his niche in the meta, and that's a good thing. (This is also why I don't like his buffs on the PBE, he's going to be oppressive when tanks come back into the meta. 




 Veigar was literally first pick or ban in Korea and China for around 3 weeks.  




 They actually looked somewhat like a team with Cloud. Like, they still weren't very good, but they didn't feel like they were relegation-worthy. With Azingy it just feels like a solo queue game. 




 Benching Cloudnyugen for Azingy was such a mistake 




 Meteos is actually mechanically strong. Watch any of his Nidalee/Lee games for proof. But even then, mechanics isn't everything. In just general jungling, Meteos is the best in NA, and could be argued as the best in the west (I'd give the edge to Diamondprox tbh) 




 IMO it's RyuHai, MeteosLoulex, Oddamme=Balls, SneakyHjarnen, and Lemon=Kasing.  This isn't including the other things the players might bring to the team, like Hai/Kasings shot calling, Lemons P/B, etc. 




 Reminds me of C9 during their prime. Three strong laners giving them an early lead, and then great shot calling and objective control to extend that lead. Then they can easily clean up teamfights with their big gold lead and decent teamfight 




 Wait, Ryu's face changes? 




 I'd argue that H2k is the C9 of EU. Game styles are so similar, and both have amazing shotcallers. Main difference is RyuHai mechanically, and MeteosLoulex. 




 I could just see it. Worlds finals, game 5. Right before the game starts, Nick Allen enters the stage and announces a rule change. Game 5's are now blind pick. Ryu and Faker lock in Zed, and history is made.  




 The only one I can see was overstaying at dragon, which cost them 2 kills and a tower. Still a near flawless game though. 




 They didn't have any vision there, the call to try to get top for fifth drag wasn't terrible IMO, just UOL played it well by leaving graves to solo it, and Wickd got caught. 




 It's also only 2/3s the mana cost 




 Thunk thunk THWACK THWACK THWACK THWACK THWACK THWACK "your team has destroyed a turret" 




 They go TP ignite because Hecarim is a very snowbally champion, with high kill potential, and flash isn't uber necessary on him compared to other champions. He has no real flash combo's, and has a fairly strong escape in his ult if he gets caught. 




 Shaco is designed to have a weaker late game, due to having such an oppressive early game in strong hands. 




 I love nocturne into him. Out trade his Q with your passive early on, all-in him level 2/3, GG. If you fall behind you can farm easy with your Q, and if you get ahead you can become opressive. Post-6 you can shove him in and pressure the rest of the map. 




 To be fair, old Nid had a longer range, and a much lower cooldown. Blitzes hook is a much longer cooldown. Plus he has to be selective on who to hook. If you hook the enemy Amumu or Malphite into your team you'll going to have a bad time. 




 When it comes down to it, the extra 50 range won't mean anything when compared to the extra mobilty from this update. Its literally half the size of teemos model difference, but a massive mana cost reduction and an extra cool down off.  




 Calling it right now. Kassadin will become a meta pick again if these changes go through.  I'd honestly argue that he will be stronger then before at top tiers, but his win rate will stay in the shitter for low elo 




 They had piglet scrim mornings and Keith scrim afternoons 




 Let's say GE tigers loses game one to C9, beats Yoe wolves, and then loses to SK. They would be out of the tournament, and rightfully so. They finished group stage 1/2, while both c9 and SK won 2 games each. Would GE still be the best team in the world? Most likely. Were they the best team at that point and time? No.  




 To be fair, C9 has more or less returned to their form. If you ignore the first two weeks which they were playing terrible, they're 7/1. I agree totally that GE is the better team, and the odds are definitely in their favor, but it's entirely possible that C9 does get a win, even if it ends up being more of a cheese. It's just a best of 1, anything can happen. Look at Alliance vs Kabum for example. 




 He's definitely viable. He's my highest winrate champion at the moment. He does have his weaknesses though, which is sub-par burst, little pre-6 pressure, and high CD ultimate. If you play him to his strengths though (high DPS, longest gap closer in the game, vision loss ultimate, near impossible to peel with a banshees)  you will have success. 




 Because he's a mid-tier mid laner on a top tier team. They've got a top 3 western ADC, arguably the best western jungler, a top tier NA top, and strong support. Hai isn't terrible per say, but he is the weakest link, and when he plays bad, he brings the entire team down with him due to him being the shotcaller. 




 Give sneaky Kalista, and lemon Morgana while you're at it as well. 




 Okay so you gave hai, sneaky, lemon, and balls all one of their main comfort picks, and give meteos nidalee. Yeah, this game was over in champ select. 




 Nasus is at his strongest ~25 minutes in the game when he has 500 stacks and no squishy has a any armor items yet. Later on the adcs will have a QSS, and he'll get kited for days. He doesn't fall off in duels though. 




 I sure hope Syndra comes back in the meta after the recent buffs. He was great on her 




 He's got a massive move speed boost, plus botrk is a core item on him. There's no walking away from him. I agree that his E is inconsistent, but pretty much the only adc that can escape from it without flashing is Tristana, who cockblocks pretty much all divers. I'm not saying he's tier one, but he definitely shouldn't be classified as garbage tier. 




 Agreed, taking E second is a mistake as nocturne jungle. I personally prefer going krugs first though, as I run a lot of attack speed in my runes, plus the attack speed from the W lets me negate a lot of damage from the camps.  




 Noc top can outtrade him level 1 with his passive, all in him level 2-3, and shove him in for the rest of the lane. At 6 you can pressure the map with your ult, and later on you out scale him hard in both being a godlike split pusher, better duelist, and much better teamfighter.  




 I don't understand why everyone says nocturne is weak. People say the first clear hurts, but I do a full first clear every single game with no problem. He's near impossible to peel in team fights, and he scales really well. He's absolutely godlike at making picks if you have decent vision up. The amount of games where we were way behind, and I catch somebody out with my ult, and turn the game around is absurd. I think too many people try to play him he's a Jarvan/Vi/Rek'sai and then think he's a terrible champion when they don't play him to his strengths 




 I get your point, but this post is sarcastic 




 Heimerdinger won't see the pro scene, except for possibly being a niche counterpick. You can just put him in a 1v2 lane and negate his early game if he's played top, or pick Xerath/Syndra/any other long range Mage against him mid. He thrives on the disorganization of solo queue, but in the pro scene junglers won't dive him and give him a double. 




 That's why I speficified early clear. On a buff with ~3k health, the traps do 300 bonus damage early on, as well as rooting the buff.  




 Because they didn't buff her. They shifted her power from the %health (which is massive on the first clear),  to her burst. Basically, she won't clear as well early on, and the poke from her traps will hurt a lot less. But in return, they solidify her assassin role by giving her higher burst on her E. 
























 The same glitch that caused the c9 second place 




 MPen is more important then AP. Kog has low AP ratios but pretty high bases. My general build goes tear, Guise, Sorcs, Rylais, Void, Ludens. You can take a death cap over Ludens if you want more consistent DPS over higher burst (this is only if you consistently hit every ult), or Grail instead for more spammability. I'm not a fan of a defensive item as you can duel basically anyone who dives you in a 1v1 with your exhaust up, but if there's more then one person you mispositioned badly and you'll likely die anyways. 

For advice just farm as safely as you can until 6, and from there just afk farm until level 11. Once you hit level 7 you can basically perma shove the enemy laner into their tower as a E + ult clears the caster minions. In team fights just spam ult for the most of it, don't get greedy and try getting into  auto attack range unless you're cleaning up or duelling a diver. You can basically duel anybody that isn't a mobile assassin late game if you have your exhaust up.  




 I think everyone is still too hard on him. He's no longer the top adc NA, but he is still solid. NA actually has quite a bit of adc talent, and he's still in the upper end of it. I doubt they'll find anyone that is stronger then him without resorting to importing a Korean or Chinese person, which is quite risky compared to the potential reward IMO. 




 Essentially they either got nerfed (Alistar, Fizz), reworked (Zilean, Tristana), or the meta game shifted into a position where they're less useful (Twitch, Rengar) 




 Pro tip: auto attack it first so it starts fleeing, and then Q in its path. You'll likely kill it before it leaves dust trail. I agree though, letting it have a trail would be nice. 




 Terror capacitor  




 I have two selfish halves. One wants to see the classic c9 roster stay together forever, and the other wants them to pick up incarnati0n and become a truly world class team.  




 Just pick a snowbally bruiser like Irelia, Hecarim or Riven. Proceed to smash lane, and hard carry the game. I climbed out of bronze this season with a 90% Irelia win rate. 




 cloud 9 has a pretty nice setup. 




 I wouldn't call Irelia a 'lane wrecker'. She's actually fairly weak early lane 




 Then it's perfect! 10% CDR on ghost blade and 20 on Black cleaver. Best of both worlds  




 People point out c9 as showing that friendship works, but in their dominance they also had the #1 jungler and top laners, as well as very strong mid/adc/support.  




 I'd say Lustboy, Xpecial, and Aphro all are stronger supports overall. Then its between him and Bunny IMO. Lemon is slightly weaker mechanically (especially with bunny's thresh), but has superior vision control and game knowledge. 




 If anyones underrated, its Lemon. Everyone talks of him like he's a trash support with only a good brain. He might not be a mechanical god, but he's still quite solid. I'd argue 4/5th best NA? 




 Bjergsen has too in NA 




 You must not have ever watched a single c9 game back in s3 then. Sneaky was the 'utility adc' who played Ashe in the majority of his games. If you look at any reviews/game threads of c9 back then, they would all say the same thing. Meteos and balls were the hard carries, Hai was a strong secondary carry, and the bot lane was seen as 'the weakest point' of c9.  




 I wouldn't say that. Historically sneaky was the person known for doing the most with little. Only in recent times has sneaky really had to be the main carry, due to hai and balls slumping early this split. Plus if you look at the fold distribution, it shows that meteos is actually the one with the highest gold priority in respect to other roles. Sneaky is dead even with the average gold alloted to an adc. 




 Turtle is underrated, however it is still hard to justify him over sneaky for best ADC NA. Sneaky is just stupidly consistent, while turtle is known for occasionally positioning wrong and getting caught. Plus he is still able to hard carry games just as often as turtle does. 




 He's been playing on his smurf the most. It's called BIG HUEVOS or something like that. It's in masters and has seen a lot of play 




 A big thing people forget is how Lucians passive and BOTRK work. You do 16 percent of a enemies current health with it because of the double-shot. This actually lets him melt tanks fairly well in this meta 




 The thing about Irelia Darius matchup is that she can still stagnate the lane by maxing E and disengaging when darius tries anything. You will end up losing lane and everything, but it's survivable. 




 I thought the same thing, but he's just on his different accounts. The main one seems to be called something like BIG HUEV0S or something like that. 




 He already is contracted with a team. 




 If he was going to retire, he wouldn't announce it until after playoffs. Even then, I still had a mini panic attack. No matter what happens, I just want to see the roster hoist the trophy at least one more time before somebody leaves. 




 If Hai leaves, it will be from his choice, that he believes it will benefit c9. They've made it pretty clear that everybody on c9 will have a spot until they choose to leave (excluding extreme circumstances). Especially the captain who founded c9 in the first place. 




 The thing about smitevicious, or regi's blue cards, or anything like that is that they are clearly fun jokes. It's something that you can laugh at yourself about. Insulting somebody about a physical feature has nothing to do with that 




 Sneaky always looks strong even when C9 was at its worst 




 So you mean aggressive? 




 The one thing is that crit still wouldn't affect damage abilities. So while it would make your auto attacks hurt more consistently, it won't effect a Lucians Q, or a Jinx W. It also would likely have a cap still. 




 Because that definitely happened when people posted Lemon's Veigar and Naut 




 Yo 




 A friendly team doesn't automatically lead to success, it just makes it easier. Assuming equally skilled teams, the team with a good team environment will have MUCH more success then the team with a bad environment. A good team environment leads to better practises, more improvement,  and a lesser chance to tilt. However, a skilled team that doesn't get along the greatest is still better then a bad team that are best friends.  




 0/3 the dream 




 I'm pretty sure he was considered *the* best Zed at some point. 




 It is slightly satirical, but in a playful way  




 I'd still personally put Vi over rek'sai for solo queue. It feels like rek is too team dependent, and doesn't have the same 'solo carry' potential that vi does. 




 Taco Bell can though, or at least that's what my butthole tells me after. 




 That was arguably c9's worst game in their entire competitive careers. You can't base a persons play style off of a single game where the team decided to try to cheese a win with a completely different play style. 




 The problem with Meteos and Rush being compared is they play entirely different styles. Rush is high risk high reward, leading to him either snowballing the game or falling way behind and being useless. Meteos is low risk medium reward, meaning that he rarely will snowball a game out of control single handedly, but he  will slowly gain a gold and vision lead over the other jungler, with the downside that he won't pressure the lanes as hard unless he's guaranteed to get a kill out of it. Both junglers styles suit the styles that their team relies on, with TIP being a team that relies on snowballing and then forcing team fights, and c9 focusing on outrotating the other team until they suddenly have a 8k gold lead despite being even in kills. 




 Pretty decent article altogether. The only mistake I see you made is that you said pepi was relegated to the challenger series. MYM was the team that got auto relegated, not Giants.  




 I'm curious, who would you consider the best western jungler then? It's fairly close, with plenty of arguments for the best. Meteos is definitely near the top of the pack though, so saying he's the best definitely isn't laughable. It's not like adc where calling someone who isn't forgiven or sneaky the best is laughable. 




 He's being picked a good amount in competitive/high elo right now. He's actually pretty decent, not OP, but still an all around solid pick. 




 Ap Kog is a monster though. Your ult has a .2 second cool down, with a massive range level 11+. You can bully anybody out of lane with your E spam too. 




 That tweet is meteos trolling. The account put in the games with them isn't actually incarnation 




 Meteos does a lot of c9s shot calling in recent times though. I would have faith in him to keep it near the same level, especially if hai is a coach 




 The sneaky lemon bot lane is doing great though. The last thing you would want to do is break it up, especially with the way sneaky has been playing in recent times. 




 AP kog is stronger IMO late game. He has insane poke, decent burst, (you can actually one-shot squishies mid-late game with your full combo), your autos hit for 11% of max health, and you are surprisingly a very strong duelist, especially if you have exhaust up. (I've dueled late game Jarvans, Vi's, Nocturnes, and pretty much any other diving champ). The problem is that it takes so long to get to that state. You're near useless until level 11. Once you hit 16 though you're a god. 

Ad Kog is much stronger early on, and still scales very well. You trade poke and burst for higher single target DPS (even though AP Kog is still no slouch at that). He actually requires more teamwork as you have to be in auto range to do damage, requiring more peel. He's safer in lane due to having a support as well. His item powerspikes are much more defined (a kog'maw with a early Triforce is always a threat), while a fed AP Kog is still mediocre in comparison until he hits 11.

It's really a matter of preference. AD Kog takes less time to scale up, while still being a late game monster. AP Kog is oppressive post-16, and safer if you have an inkling of proper positioning. I personally prefer ap Kog, as he's a blast to play, but it's truly up to you. 




 When the announcer says "an enemy is godlike", in that whispered tone. It feels like she's saying "gg ez" 




 Especially if you look at how the team styles are +lane match ups. TIP is great at snowballing, but struggles at catching up. I trust XWX to go even with Bjergsen in lane (as long as he doesn't try to force yasuo again), and Adrian/Apollo consistently have a even lane down bot. This leaves top lane, where they leave dyrus out to dry. Rush will camp that lane, and put dyrus way behind, and snowball impact. Impact is one of the only carry top owners left, which works perfectly with dyrus tending to feed recently. As long as XWX just farms up and doesn't do anything risky early on, I definitely think TIP should win. 




 The problem with Corki is once late game hits, you won't be able to kill a tank at a decent speed compared to basically any adc. Triforce procs fall off, your Q and R won't do any damage to tanks with some MR, and you have terrible attack speed scaling + no real crit. You're all gambling on snowballing mid game against a hyper tank with Corki 




 All jokes aside, he has a amazing lvl 2 powerspike as support. 




 I have a gut feeling that TIP will upset TSM, and C9 will win the finals 3-1. But maybe I'm just crazy 




 The thing about meteos is that he is the most efficient jungler in NA. Rush plays a high risk high reward style, which means he either snowballs the game or falls quite behind. Meteos might not gank as much, but pretty much any gank he ever does is successful, and while other junglers might be trying to force ganks, he's slowly gaining a gold and vision lead over them. He's a low risk medium reward style. I'm not saying one style is better then the other, both are effective and suit their fellow teams. It's just hard to rank one jungler over the other purely because they are polar opposites. 




 It was a 27 minute game. I wouldn't call that 'rather slowly' 




 Jarvan is specifically picked as a counter to liss in lane. He can just jump on her and out trade her every time. 




 To be fair, that's exactly how Hai plays, and it works for them. 




 It's CLG nearing playoffs. That's all you need to know 




 I'm pretty sure I saw a porno titled that as well 




 He's still a pretty strong pick. He's just not in the meta right now. His damage output is fairly low, and with the resurgence of tanks it's hard for him to really do too much.  




 This game is huge for c9 though. They can get a playoff bye by winning, and also they have the chance to shut up anybody who says that they've fallen off.  




 Lux's snare needs to be slow. She can 100-0 any non-tank that she hits with her snare mid-late game, from an absurd range away.  




 I found it really boring tbh. It was 60 minutes of Anivia wave clear. 




 Gleeb played pretty damn great. So yes, #keepgleeb 




 Props to Gleeb, he played great 




 Ever since he has gotten the wrist braces he has had a massive improvement tbh. The last few weeks he's been solid, not a Bjergsen or XWX, but he does his job (which isn't to 1v5) 




 His Mao is pretty good to be fair 




 It's a skill matchup more then anything.  




 His [passive picture](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/lol.gamepedia.com/6/6c/RelentlessAssault.jpg?version=6567cf34537ff3b07e62f76c9a8d2209) is actually him catching a fish. 




 1. He doesn't speak English

2. He's not good enough to break up the chemistry + language barrier for

3. Cloud 9 hates imports 




 I'm so hyped for meteos to bring back the Zac. The return of the 27 KDA? 




 It's been mathematically proven that a phantom dancer will outdps a last whisper in like 99% of the time for Kog. The usual build you end up seeing is Triforce, Botrk, Infinity edge, phantom dancer, with a defensive item picked up at some point in there.  




 Lane eve has some pretty decent trades actually. Get a couple points in Q and max E. With good positioning you can Q through minions for free harass, and once you get a sheen your E chunks. You're no lane bully or anything, but your lane is still decent. 




 They have to place first in the challenger series playoffs. 




 The position with the most talent in NA imo is support. It'll be hard for him to beat out the existing members for a spot on the remaining teams. I agree that WFX is really the only place open, but Gleeb isn't really *that* bad and it would make sense just to keep him 




 Reddit bitching at its finest. They've done it for every champion, and are compensating you sufficiently. Shit happens, sometimes you just got to suck it up. 




 I'm not a fan of Zhonyas tbh. There's two situations that occur. The first is a single diver, which you can exhaust, and burst/kite out. If there's two or more divers, the Enemy team either got a good flank, or you positioned wrong. Either way you need to
GTFO, and staying still for a Zhonyas is the exact opposite of it.  




 Xiaoweixiao second best mid laner NA (if he stays off yasuo)

Impact top three top laner in NA

Rush top three jungle in NA 




 It's a low risk/ high reward thing. Odds are you won't need the 1AD, the worst that will come out of it is a missed CS very rarely. While the upside is that very rarely you can win a lane on one lucky crit. 




 XWX is known for his massive champion pool. Yasuo is just his favourite champion and he got cocky and wanted to play with him.  




 Let's try this shit 




 I really enjoy the item on Ap Kog, it really synergizes with his kit. The only thing is, you shouldn't be building pure ap on Kog. Magic pen ap because of his bad ult ratio. I find that Archangels, liandries, Rylais, sorc shoes, void staff, Ludens is the best overall build. 




 Ezreal wouldn't have a chance to get past their tank line. Same with Corki (past midgame). It's pretty much a lose-lose for any ADC against that comp. Wayyy too much Cc for anyone to handle. 




 Kassadins still 'viable' IMO.  




 Jarvan scales so well with every stat on warrior that I wouldn't give it up. If you want extra damage I would honestly just get a second brutalizer. Cinder hulk isn't really the greatest on him anyhow, as you're not building full tank, and your clear is fairly strong as is.  




 They were both watching the fight by baron and lost focus on where they were 




 XWX on yasuo is a beautiful thing  




 I feel bad for c9 recently. They have the highest expectations of any NA Team, so if they win people treat it like its nothing special, but if they lose everyone talks about how trash c9 is recently, and they need to roster swap everybody. Like they aren't at their normal form but they're still 3rd in the LCS. 




 It truly is champion/role/situation dependent. If you're an ADC/APC, it's best to just play it super safe and get your damage items. As a top laner usually you will go tanky if your behind and damage if your ahead. Purely because building tank means you will survive longer in lane, which means you'll have more gold to catch up. Or since jungler are already gold starved, it's best to build tanky when your behind as one of them. It is really situational though, just because I'm 0/2 on irelia doesn't mean I stop rushing the triforce and start building a randuins, the spike from the completed triforce will give me a better chance to come back in the game then a bit of tankiness.  




 That's the thing. Anybody who has ever been on a team environment knows that you never throw a teammate under the bus. You can confront them, but you don't get your teammates possibly kicked off for something that won't directly harm themselves or another person. 




 He is a person who legitamately wants to run a e-sports organization, and has shown he is willing to put his time and effort into making a successful team. I hope he doesn't end up being vilified  




 1,2 get a first round bye for playoffs  3-6 play In the playoffs. 7 misses playoffs but doesn't go to relegations. 8,9 play relegation matches, 10 gets autorelegated. 




 It honestly depends on the jungler and laner. If I have a zed mid, and I'm Amumu jungle, I will take the blue buff every time. Sure, it helps him, but it helps me even more.  




 Xin Zhao, Pantheon, Rammus, are all relatively cheap and very easy to gank early on with. Xin and Panth you can pretty much point and click somebody level 3 for a kill. None of them require any skillshots either. 




 He's definitely in the top 3 though. Udyr and Jax could beat him most likely though . 




 Sorry, but I doubt that Xin can deal with a late game Jax or Nasus. He's very auto attack dependent, and both of them have direct counter to auto attack duelists in their kit. Plus they are both naturally tankier and have higher damage outputs in their kit. I agree that he destroys all 3 of them early game, but once irelia grabs her triforce, Jax gets a couple items, or nasus hits a couple hundred stacks they can all easily 1v1 them. Xin is still a very good duelist, just that the three you mentioned are arguably the strongest in the game at some point. 




 Try nocturne. He has amazing waveclear, shreds towers with all of his bonus stats, a great duelist, plus decent escapability. Ideally, you want to ward the enemy jungle, and wait for someone you can 1v1 to pass through the jungle to defend your push. You ult onto them, pick them off and either have a free turret, or give your team a 4v3 advantage.  




 Actually blame yourself for split pushing against a team with hard engage that is ahead enough to dive 5v4 




 Yeah. The bottom placed team (Coast) will be automatically relegated and replaced with the #1 challenger team (likely NME). The second and third last (likely DIG and Winterfox) will play a Bo5 against the second and third challenger teams for the LCS spots. The rest of the teams will be safe until the summer split starts. 




 Cass is a fairly common pick IMO, but yorick and naut support? Not so much  




 Also, picking someone like Jax/zed and just relentlessly split pushing against them can help. A downside of their comp is that they have zero strong duelists, and they will be forced to bring lulu up to prevent them from getting anything. Without lulu this comp can't really do too much so it should be an easy 4v4 




 Shiv gives burst and an earlier powerspike + waveclear. PD gives superior DPS and a better kiting passive. So you usually go Shiv on people like Graves or Lucian, and PD on Jinx or Cait (who are auto attack focused instead of caster focused) 
























