 [This scene in Little Children is always a gut-punch.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm7-Lg0kWfk)
Especially impressive given the context 





























 Check out this VFX breakdown of [Gone Girl.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvwS_E91fZA) Lots of great stuff in there. 




 I used to like Armagaeddon. I watched it again recently and ah... yeah I don't like Armagaeddon. 
























 Wake in Fright is absolutely fantastic and everybody should see that film. 

It's got one of my favourite moments of sound design, where there's nothing but the rumble of the engine as the party is driving back home after the kangaroo hunt.

Just fantastic. 




 I got a lot of respect for Robert Rodriguez. His work ethic and his skills across multiple areas of filmmaking are just... I mean, a guy who writes, directs, edits, produces, scores and even helps with the visual fx on his films. That's a lot of passion and love for his craft right there.

Just look at his credits on imdb for his own films. Nuts.

http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0001675/?ref_=nv_sr_1

Edit: AND lights them too. A guy who totally deserves the title of maverick. 
























 Sinister has moments of genuine cleverness  - like the premise, and some of the 'films' you see. The lawnmower one for example.

It just fails to really capitalise on it's own potential. Both scare-wise, but especially thematically.

Great horror films play on people's insecurities and fears truly well. 'The Thing' revolves around paranoia and trusting others. 'Cure' - a Japanese thriller/horror I can't recommend enough - does the same and also makes the viewer believe even they might be capable of terrible things and not know it. 'The Exorcist' plays on a parents fear of helplessness in the face of physical/mental illness as well as ones doubts of faith in God or the nature of the world. There's probably even more than that - it's a heck of a film and it's been a while since I watched it.

All of those fears/insecurities are enough to make people stay up at night just on their own. This is a big part of what makes the characters struggles in horror films so relatable - even though none of us will experience anything they go through.

'Sinister' toys with the notion of the main characters ego getting infront of his families safety, but it does little with it.

Take 'The Babadook' -a recent Australian horror film that's on Netflix and has received massive critical acclaim (86 on Metacritic, 98 on Rotten Tomatoes, took home best film and direction at the Aussie equivalent of the Oscars). The Babadook totally drives home it's themes. Without giving anything away, it's almost impossible to come out of the film and not understand what The Babadook was 'really' about. Hence, it ended up resonating with a lot of people in ways I haven't seen Sinister resonate with anyone.

I feel like that's the reason Sinister won't be remembered as anything more than a pretty good idea, that didn't pan out like it may have deserved. 




 That was great. Thanks for sharing that. 
























 In The Loop has pretty pedestrian cinematography, but that film is all about its script. And that was one fucking great script. 




 That's a good article. Although one point I'd like to add is that George Miller, John Seale and Margaret Sixel storyboarded, shot and edited the film to achieve total spatial clarity in Fury Road's action sequences. Whereas spatial clarity in Ultron seems like more of an afterthought to the dialogue and character development Joss Whedon was focusing on. Like it was something that could be done almost solely in post. 
























 I was gonna say either Wake in Fright or Mad Max: The Road Warrior, but then I remembered - oh yeah - Mad Max: Fury Road. 




 I know, but look at the opening of District 9. That's also in a mockumentary style and that looks great, not just because of the set design but also due to the cinematography.

Better yet, look at Veep. Also by the same writers and creator. Great cinematography, identical style. I just think In The Loop has bad cinematography. 
























 I thought it was very well done, though i thought it could've ended a few minutes before it did. I think about 10 or so. I also liked it's production design. If it weren't for that clam-shell e-reader (What's the meaning behind that?) I would've sworn it was set in the 80's. 





























