 do your own poli-sci homework 




 nonstop banging anna faris id look like an extra in unbroken 




 # 2 pornstar lezley zen 

http://image.way2enjoy.com/pic/25/91/44/9/600full-lezley-zen.jpg
 




 soo... does that count as sex? 




 fine ill do it: 

http://gifsound.com/?gif=i.imgur.com/bPIvD.gif v=vjaRf5_edeE 




 someone needs to r/gifsound this asap 




 the first one is a dude's 









 fuck everything 




 so dtk 














 anyone else think cum glazed re-entry should have its own sub? 




 i win 




 http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1940610510 




 Rachel roxxx 




 The girl with the penis in her butt is Jennifer White. 




 That's cool...until he has to go literally anywhere else where all the rocks don't coincidentally look exactly like his camouflage. 









 I disagree because when I hold back I end up jizzing a lot more at the end and as we all know a gallon of jizz on a girls face is way more likely to get her pregnant than just a few pathetic ropes. 









 A) I don't watch porn in the shower I watch it at work, while I drive, when I'm on the toilet, when I'm in bed and when I'm watching TV and when I'm sitting on my porch.

B) I don't watch dicks but its hard to watch straight porn without noticing the main supporting actor just smashing away at the female lead.

C) I do watch dicks, dicks are awesome. 














 Its the elusive Janitor's Seal 




 Source as fuck? 


































 Its a Quatto! 









 A hand 




 manny's crew looks like every guy ive ever seen at costco ever 




 Smokey and Sebastian Bach 




 The porta-potty analog to the similar indoor seat up / blue water phenomenon; the elusive Janitor's Seal. 




 Disagree; shame is an excellent motivator. The light weights should be comically tiny and have pink vaginas painted all over them. 




 This was "Simply the Best" tifu today, little bro. 




 Its a great opportunity to give high school students a taste of the real world, where popularity is everything, a lucky few succeed, and everyone else watches from the piss-soaked streets below as the top 1% revel in their own wealth and glory. 



















 The human race is bored. 




 A bot *that's* going to be doing cool stuff. Not who. Nice try, human. 




 "fuck what was that!?" every 30 seconds, for 8 hours a night. 




 because of internet/pirating duh 









 the big tube running along the bottom of his penis is bigger than my actual whole penis 




 white guy, black dick 









 Pornstar doppelganger; Esperanza Gomez. You're welcome. 




 dude clear your status bar
 














 was waiting for this:
http://cdn.gifbay.com/2013/10/ace_ventura_first_raccoon_scene-93398.gif
 




 just think about how hot she'll be when she gets to high school 







































 My buddy just bought a Ford Raptor 4-door because he "has to move big boxes sometimes". 




 Pardon 




 Leia: "I love you."
Han: "I know." 




 The Timeless Art of Seduction 




 I'd let her pull my nuts out of a block of ice. 




 Salt is the opposite of pepper and squirrels are the opposite of chipmunks. 




 And then your high horse breaks down on the way home and you freeze to death in the unforgiving cold in the land that the sun forgot. 




 Fun fact: all Pekingese have a similar yawn button located on either side of their face just inside the hinge of their jaw. 




 Pugs are the dog version of oversized sweatpants. 




 If I was a surfer I'd be insulted by this title. If I was a paddle boarder I'd be stoked, then I'd kill myself because paddle boarding is so lame and embarrassing.  




 I don't know what's more entertaining; the dialogue or the musical transitions between camera angle switches. 














 I disagree I think its way more unrealistic that super babe/Bond villainXenia Zaragevna Onatopp would marry a half-rate piece of shit Jedi who's only claim to fame aside from getting s3riously pwned by Darth Maul was being Galactic dickead Count Dooku's fuckin' apprentice. 









 So is corn not edible? Cause that shit just flies out the other end intact. 









 A bunch of guys just got paid millions of dollars to stand around and play catch. 




 Baseball is really exciting. 




 Dyslexic be to like looks it what. 




 Modern day shrimp gun shoots shrimp at 130km/h 




 Lateralus 




 Welcome to hell 




 Straight men be trynna convert dem bitches 
























 Fat is the new skinny, skinny is the new normal, normal is the new fat, and this chick is fucking gross looking. 




 People shouldn't burn people. 




 Throbbin' Wood 




 "Hey, a bunch of redditors told me to say this:..." 




 Stark Industries does it again. 




 I hope he said "have a seat" in his best Arnold voice. 




 Vsauce does a whole video about this:

Why Do We Have Two Nostrils?: https://youtu.be/eiAx2kqmUpQ 




 I dunno I think its fucking hilarious. 




 Will someone please start having actual sex with Japanese guys so all this stuff goes away. 




 What's the difference between a 1s and a 59s?nothing, they're both disgusting festering pressers. 




 Ever wonder what the dice feel like in the game Boggle? 




 Someone edit out the light pole. 




 Are you serious? Source? 




 That's why they should make it harder for tigers to get into the Dumb Fuckin Idiot enclosure. 




 What if God was one of us?
Just a slob like one of us?
Just a stranger on the bus?
...Or couch...
...wearing a Hitler shirt. 




 I wasn't freaked out before I existed, I can't imagine why I'd be freaked out about after. 




 I don't get it; I could still easily stick a cucumber up my ass with that thing on. 




 Put it back and quit whining. 




 Neither; a Chipotle on Coronado. 




 Many people on /r/atheism would argue that you're just as much god/loser as Jesus was. 




 Anyone else imagining him laughing the whole time? 




 Make him watch ISIS beheading videos, and when he asks "why?", you answer " because religion". 




 1. Religion
2. "No hook ups!"
3. Pictures with friends
4. Cats
5. Cigarettes
6. Paleo
7. Crossfit
8. Vegan
9. Name I can't pronounce
10. Name I wouldn't want to say out loud in public
11. Excessive pink colored clothing
12. Moles larger than a pencil eraser
13. Too much makeup
14. Weird looking neck
15. Duckface
16. Sepia filter
17. Hash tags
18. Country music
19. Dallas Cowboys
20. Ties to al Qaeda / IS / Taliban / Hezbollah
21. Nipples larger than a half dollar
22. No nipples
23. A guy
24. Picture with boyfriend or any guy
25. Robot
26. Lefties
27. Pigeon toed
28. HIV+
29. Visible herpes sores
30. Non-visible herpes sores
31. Quotes from any Tyler Perry movie

Edit: OK I'm catching a lot of heat about the lefties thing; the bottom line is that when a lefty writes with a quill, they tend to smear the undried ink with their hand as they write, and that is a huge bonerkill for me. Deal breaker. 




 I've always heard that dogs were colorblind, but this confirms it. 







































 I can. I'm 28 years old I can say whatever I want. 




 I like to imagine all the marbles as being really excited they're at a theme park and running around going on rides. 




 I am happy now. 




 Those windshield wipers tho... 









 Volcanoes be making new urf on the reg, and ain't nobody steppin on that shit. 









 Congratulations you found the only error in a movie where Vin Diesel casually deadlifts a 2-ton up-armored car and then drives it off of one skyscraper into another, twice. 




 Pubic transportation. 




 Grandmaff 




 To bang and shoot out babies, so that they can do the same thing. 




 What if the mods for this sub work for the shower industry. 




 Squats 415 every time she gets up off the toilet. 




 Reverse evolution so in ~2 billion years we all evolve back into single cell bacteria. 




 Men who don't masturbate run the risk of having nocturnal emissions, getting their bedsheets pregnant, then nine months later, bam; a new pillowcase is born. 




 Make up a cool sounding disease and post on /r/wtf. 




 Guy with food is not impressed. 




 For being the richest man on Earth, you think Bill Gates would have a nicer bathtub. 




 Will people get Chrome for it? 




 Shouldn't those be switched?  




 Benjamin's what?! BENJAMIN'S WHAT?! 









 I've seen quicker. 




 You were definitely fetus. 




 You can't see the NSA's dick pics, but they can see yours. 




 Chicks swallow millions of sperms all the time and they don't complain. You get one little fetus chunk in your mouth and you make a huge fuckin stink about it. Weak. 




 Heavyweights because fat people would bitch about it because they suck because they're fat. 
























 NSFW 




 Sorry for the vagueness and ambiguity but its 530am and I don't know why my brain just started to think about this but about ten or fifteen years ago I remember seeing this movie where this guy who is an increasingly shitty husband comes home to find a really fucked up video of his wife confessing to a bunch of fucked up shit like cheating on him and the video gets worse and worse until the end it actually shows her cheating on him on the video with his neighbor and then he finds out that its not a recorded video but a live feed from the neighbors place and he tries to kill her and or the neighbor or something. It may not have been in theaters maybe just made for/by HBO or Cinemax or something. Sorry/thanks. 














 Www.pornhub.com .... One lifetime of HIV prevention. 




 ANUSTART 




 Also why is he laying on his back with no pants on in what appears to be a dirty bathroom in an old insane asylum.  




 I feel like 80% of rap songs from the 90s are full of those sounds too. 




 I would either choose "oops" or "what's that?". 




 Its cool because English is such a garbage language that when you read it out loud all the a's make different noises. 




 Because of Facebooks-n-such. 




 There needs to be infinity more of these types of videos 




 If the husband of some bitch can be president, then some bitch who's husband was president can also be president. 




 Holy shit 









 Panda Venom new band name I called it. 














 Look it up, its actually a physics phenomenon in the sport of table tennis. 




 I dunno man I saw one on the Science Channel that can essentially print 3d buildings from locally acquired mineral resources, which NASA is considering using for building a moon base, and moon bases probably won't have to be breastfed, have diapers changed, wake up crying every night, and throw up constantly for the first year of their lives... 




 And that every straight guy age 12-35 walks around with a banana in their pocket. 




 Well, in the kitchen, women complain about doing the dishes, and in the bedroom they complain about having to make the bed and fold clothes, and in the TV room they complain about the TV being too loud or food being left on coffee tables; ergo, they need something to complain about in a bathroom that is otherwise dominated by their mess, so they use the toilet lid as their vehicle. 




 Baby pandas are in fact much more dangerous than adult pandas because their venom is just as potent, but as adolescents they haven't learned how to control the amount that they inject into their prey when they bite. 









 The 14 year old me was pretty certain you were supposed to pee inside a girl's bagina when you had sex, too. 




 I feel like Lynch is a pretty racist surname too. It's like having the last name Gaschamber. 




 I'm tempted to create numerous extra accounts just so I can give this more upvotes. 
























 "This is not a test." 




 Was hoping for nsfw... 




 I ask because it seems like every woman takes serious offense to the c**t word even if its not directed at them, and I honestly can't think of any male counterparts. 




 Don't the 90s include the year 2000? 



















 I have zero business sense and even less ambition, I'm just a guy laying in a beanbag chair. Ideally someone else would put in all the leg work, carry this idea through to fruition, then get super rich off of it so I can send them a screenshot of this post in a few years and try to get a couple million dollars in sympathy money from them, all without leaving my beanbag. 









 The safety is always useful, regardless of whether the gun is loaded or not because it provides an unambiguous indication of the weapon's condition to anyone, and secondly we are not talking about weapons with organic safeties we are talking about a MK17. 




 Yeah true. I guess that's why they don't put safeties on guns, they just assume the gun owner just constantly checks the chamber instead of flicking a pesky switch, amiright. 




 That's exactly my point. If you rack it and put it on safe, then you know 100% its safe. Then when you're done taking pictures of it to show people on the internet, then you can again visually clear the chamber, put it on fire, and release the firing pin to relieve spring tension for storage until the next time you want to take it out and take pictures of it. 




 Irrelevant 




 Put it on safe, dumbass 














 Tomato with acne 
























 Solved. By someone in /r/movies. 




 Awesome thanks 




 Hillary 2016 




 Stella 




 Band name Winds of Titan I called it 




 NSFW 
























