 fear of body fat. i was obese all throughout childhood/ teenage years. lost all the weight once i started on the track team and fighting competitively. thank god i kept growing so i dont have any of that extra skin. but yeah mentally/ emotionally still scarred from the names i was called. if i ever get over 15% body fat i think id be flirting with depression again 




 no eating. you can just put a blanket under and if you use a condom its fine.  




 I used to be really into the "hip" christians. Jefferson Bethke, Chris Quilala, Mark Driscoll even. Now I look at them and I still think they are genuinely good people. I can't help but think like, man, these people have convinced themselves of such deep religious fanaticism and even made it a cool/hip thing.  




 funny. got taught sex ed in PE in elementary school, but we talked about it a lot at church as like one of the most terrible sins ever 




 LOOOOOL 




 i would say mind reading. i think at a certain point, if you could read everyones minds, youd just get depressed. lot of things better left unsaid/ unknown 




 that last sentence was pretty damn poetic. .gna steal that. creds to u in advance 




 horny as fuck 




 love it 




 https://www.harriscomm.com/equipment/alarm-clocks/desktop-clocks.html 




 hey its really great that you're trying to get in better shape, but what exactly do you mean by "fit by that deadline" do you mean losing a certain amount of lbs? running a mile in a certain amount of time? dont look for a quick fix. think about it this way. you're undoing 21 years of unhealthy living, so it's not going to happen in just 3 months. 

id say start with running a mile everyday. or if thats too much 1/2 mile. and for food, you dont have to micromanage, but learn about the caloric contents of your food (how many calories, how many grams of fat, carbs, proteins) eat more vegetables, clean lean meats (if your not vegetarian), healthy fats from nuts, avocado or fish, and avoid processed sugar/ refined carbs.

that should be plenty to get started 




 internet 




 porn 




 or what if sex is consensual for one and rape for the other hahaha 




 we are all going to hell. this is hilarious though 









