 I recently switched to Trazadone and found it useful. Maybe you want to try switching to something else. Amitriptyline is another one that some people say is good for sleep. I found it useless having used it for nearly a decade (yea, I'm stupid) so I guess that it depends upon the nature of the problem and maybe your brain chemistry. Maybe Trazadone just isn't good for you.

I am in Scotland and the light is now starting to wake me up at 6am. Are you sure that it is the Trazadone and not something else that is causing you to wake. Heating coming on and making the room to hot or giving you a blocked nose? It is always worth trying to think laterally to ensure what you think is the problem, really is the problem. 




 I used to find that sometimes that type of thinking would go away with a breathing exercise that I used. I would lie in bed and then force myself not to breath for as long as possible. My diaphragm would want to move but I would prevent it until I couldn't hold any longer. I didn't hold as if I was in a no-breathing competition but just until it was uncomfortable. I would then breath in. This helped as it meant that when I breathed in I was breathing in from the bottom of the diaphragm and not using the chest muscles. I found this quietened my thoughts down and I would drift off to sleep. It wasn't 100% effective but it did work quite often. 

As you say, the thinking is probably a symptom of something else (stress) and indicates a greater need to relax. Maybe you could stop the thinking by saying 'Forget it!' each time the thoughts start. By learning not to think about work or other life stresses and put them aside for the day you will find it easier to sleep. 

It can be really difficult to solve but don't give up. 




 Sounds a little like sleep apnoea. Are you aware of that issue and it's effects on people?

It normally comes just as people enter REM sleep. The throat closes down and air cannot get to the lungs. Two types: Central and Obstructive (but their is also mixed). You may get headaches the next day due to lack of oxygen. Attacks can happen many times an hour and as the sufferer is asleep they don't realise what is happening. As the attack happens they wake up to stage 2 sleep meaning that they are not in REM sleep very much during the night. Higher risks of heart disease and accidents etc. Can be very serious.

You can get it tested for at a sleep clinic, hire a CPAP machine if you wanted to test treatments for yourself, watch these videos for treatments using Vitamin D and B100 (http://tinyurl.com/oazpp5b) or use a Oximeter to measure blood oxygen levels while you sleep. If using Oximeter get one that straps to your wrist, they cost about £100.

Here is my more detailed article on it: http://tinyurl.com/p27vwj2

Good luck. 




 Wow, I have had my share of troubles but I am grateful that I don't have anything like that to deal with. 

It would seem to me that the root of the problem is that your dad is very lonely. Hence he is grasping at such an improbable straw to try to connect to the world. My first thought was that maybe you could gently help him to find other ways to socialise and help him build his confidence. However, he would need to be in a far better state of mind before you could begin to work on that. You clearly have a lot of work to do if you are going to provide support for your dad. Your counsellor(s) will be by far the best person to provide support for you and your sister. They should be able to make good suggestions on how best to communicate with your dad.

My suggestion would be to, as gently as possible, explain to your dad that you think he is very lonely. Tell him that is normal for a lot of people (maybe you have been there yourself) but that things can get better. Explain that you would like to help him and that he doesn't need to feel embarrassed about talking to you because you love him and want the best for him. Maybe you can invite him to some very small social events sometimes so that he can learn to build his confidence. Maybe a walk with you and a male friend of a similar age to your dad, or a drink in the pub (that's what bars should be called!). I would suggest passing this idea through your counsellor first though if you can get a few minutes with them in the next couple of days - a phone call would be enough. Your dad clearly needs support now.

Good luck in dealing with this. It must be a very worrying time for you and your sister. 




 The CBT method is automated with a supportive community at http://sleepio.com. It costs about £6 per week and is typically 12 sessions. It is sort-a like that which buschic described with some additional stuff thrown in.

I would also highly recommend watching these videos on how an American doctor cured patients of their sleep disorders using vitamin D. It is really quite a detailed amount of information. http://tinyurl.com/oazpp5b

Magnesium helped me fantastically for about a month and then became less effective over the next 8 months. It was so successful for a while that I read a lot about it. I condensed my research into this PDF: http://tinyurl.com/qaawma8

I found that I was allergic to milk and dust mites. The only symptom was an occasional blocked nose and only when I lay down for 3 hours or more. Once I stopped taking dairy products there was an enormous improvement. I need to look into the possibility that even a gently allergic reaction could cause severe insomnia. However it is worth bearing in mind in case you have a similar problem.

Good luck on toughing it out on your smoke withdrawal. I always used to wonder if recreational drugs caused my insomnia. 25 years later I was glad to find out that it is extremely unlikely! 




 There are plenty of people in life who will pull you down. Some do it on purpose and others don't know they are doing it. Either way you don't need them.

Try to find groups that engage in your interests and see if you can make friends with the people there. You'll have something in common with them and a reason for getting to know them. It will take a bit of time to get organised and maybe in the meantime you can find some things to do on your own. Maybe find places to cycle or walk in your spare time, join a martial arts, yoga or fitness class. You'll eventually bump into some people who seem OK. When you do you can see if they want to get togehter to do something like the pub, film or snooker. 




 I'm sorry to hear that you are having such a hard time of things at the moment. It can be very, very difficult to keep trying to find ways to improve your situation. From my reading some meds can take up to 6 weeks to kick in and it may be a slow improvement from there (although I am not knowledgeable in this). Don't beat yourself up about taking meds. It is not a sign of weakness.

Many years ago I was struggling while working. I decided that I had to leave the job and make my new job the task of trying to improve my situation. It was a lot of long nights sat on my own not being able to sleep and sometimes I would get so desperate that I would sit and read about things that can cause depression. I would then resolve to try that thing, going to the shop the next day to buy some mineral/vitamin supplement or ordering a light box. Each time I did it I found that I got a little hope. It was often dashed when it failed and I was back at square one. However eventually I came across a couple of things that started working for me. They only worked a little bit and I had to find several other things as well. Over time I started to get more and more hope. For me there is now a light at the end of the tunnel - if I can reach it. The point I am trying to make (albeit clumsily!) is that for me, some of the worst times were when I had almost no hope. 

It is hard to force yourself to read about what could be causing your issues, and it is also hard to try to implement the solutions. However we know that you feel rotten and there is a reason why - either biological or emotional. If you don't know the cause of your depression then trying something you have not done before may be that one solution you are looking for. It is very hard work, but take it one step at a time. Maybe you could:

1) Read up on different medications and set a date to visit your doctor in a months time and ask for a change - assuming your current med continues to be ineffective;
2) Read up on vitamin/mineral/allergic causes that have caused your depression. Then go and try that supplement;
3) Read up on the effects of light on mood (chronotherapy) and maybe buy a light box;
4) If your family doesn't know what is going on then make a resolution to chat with them (if they are generally supportive). they may be able to provide support.
5) You go running, so maybe you could join a group and one day when things are not so bad for you go along to it. You may meet some interesting people who could alleviate your loneliness a little bit. Also remember that some people actually choose to be hermits or solitary monks. There is nothing wrong with that path. You may be forced to walk it for now but maybe you can find solace that you are fighting a philosophical battle. One day it may be over and you will have an active social life again. There is nothing wrong with being single or allowing yourself to enjoy your own company. 

Just try one thing initially. Give yourself praise that you are at least trying your best even if you think your efforts are feeble - they aren't, you just have a very, very difficult problem to solve.

Good luck. 




 It didn't help me but I am fairly certain that my issues were caused by a mixture of vitamin deficiency and allergies (touch wood, fingers crossed etc.). There is plenty of evidence to suggest it works for SAD and delayed sleep phase disorder. 

There is an interesting book called Chronotherapy (renamed as 'Reset Your Inner Clock') by Dr. Michael Terman who set up the Centre for Environmental Therapeutics. You may be interested in that if you think that light is the source of your insomnia. 









