 I totally agree. I stopped looking at that sub because all the top posts are boring no makeup makeup looks. Or its a picture of a girl who is like "my eyeshadow was on point today" but you can barely see her eyeshadow but she's pretty so everyone upvotes it. I'm sick of muacirclejerk too because it's just pictures of boobs. 




 Oh no :( Well hopefully this pill works out. If it lasts more than a few weeks I'll probably change it. I haven't been on birth control in a few years so maybe my body just isn't used to it.  




 That's good! Hopefully that's what happens to me. I'm on an emotional roller coaster right now.  




 I didn't know there was an adjustment period, I'll stick with it. I see my doctor again in three months for a check in so I'll let her know if I'm still having problems. Thanks a lot for the info!  




 I know :( I was on the depo shot for a while but ballooned up 20 pounds. Then my doctor said it probably wasn't the shot that made me gain weight. Oh well. I lost it all once I got off the shot so who knows...  




 I use neem oil and have never felt it sting. It's possible it's because your skin is dry. You probably don't need to stop using it.  




 Is [this](http://imgur.com/ypWepIV) KP? That's my calf. I normally use some kind of lotion for KP but I haven't for the past few days, and my legs look like this. It's really annoying!  




 Thanks for the info! I'm going to download a period tracker app since I know some of them allow you to track moods and make notes on certain days. I've been on two types of bc pills before with no issues like this but I can't remember what they were called, but both of them completely ruined my sex drive anyway. Ugh!  









 Well that totally gave me some clarity. Someone on the street the other day called me "sir" and I felt like I was punched in the gut, I wanted to cry. It makes sense now why people get upset about misgendering.  




 What are you even talking about  




 Yeah, the only guy I knew named craig wore the same clothes literally every single day. He was weird as fuck.  




 I live alone and this happens to my shower all the time... I'm gross.  




 This is fucking hilarious.  




 Oh that's really interesting. They're always kept in pretty small enclosures at the pet store with a ton of them together, so I assume that just exacerbates the smell!  




 My neighbors when I was a kid had two ferrets and they'd always come over to chat with us while their ferrets hung out on their shoulders! Super cute but smelly! Then it turned out the wife was cheating and they got a divorce... No more ferrets :( I always wanted one buy my mom said they smell too bad.  




 How do you train your dog as a therapy dog? I assume it differs by state or country.  




 That is so cute! I wish my school had therapy dogs during finals!  




 Hilarious. I'm using this in the future.  




 Eh, people hold weight differently. There's a cool image of women who all weigh 150 and are the same height, and they look totally different.  




 I'm curious about how long spot treatments are supposed to take to reduce acne. I really do not notice a difference between using a spot treatment on a pimple and not using one at all. They still take the same amount of time to go away no matter what I do.

I have tried using diluted tea tree oil, BP 2.5%, BP 10%, the aztec clay mask, a 2% salicylic acid lotion, neem oil, and the Burts Bees Blemish Stick. 

I would almost like to take pictures of my acne and compare how quickly pimples fade with each treatment vs. no treatment. If anything spot treatments just irritate my face. 

So...what should I do? I'm basically going back to square one with my face (using very basic products) and slowly reintroducing products because I'm sort of at a loss for what to do with my skin. 




 Because then they can't circle jerk about trashy eyebrows.  




 I would contact your medical provider to discuss your medication. Your anxiety should be getting better, not worse. It can take a while to find the right medication, but please do contact your doctor.  




 You need to discuss with your mom that you are experiencing anxiety. It's difficult for people to understand why you may not be going to school other than assuming you are lazy or a bad kid. 

Sometimes parents need other adults to explain anxiety to them. Speaking with your school counselor about your anxiety, or a teacher that you trust, can help you get the help you deserve and need. If you have a friend who you trust, take them with you. 

You deserve to have a good education and to do so in an environment you feel comfortable. I never told my parents about my anxiety and looking back I wish that I had, because I would have learned coping mechanisms a lot sooner. 

Good luck!  




 Awesome job! I think anxiety makes us catastrophize. We envision that the speech won't go well, we'll have panic attacks, etc. Focus on your success in this one! You've come a long way, and you will only get better with practice.  




 I like to double check that my makeup is removed after cleansing by taking a small piece of tissue paper or a cotton ball and wipe it on different areas of my face. If there's no residue left over I'm good!  




 Hey guys. I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask, but does anyone have any recommendations for an at-home wax kit? I'd like to start waxing some areas on my face, my legs, and most importantly my bikini region. I don't want to spend a fortune if it turns out my skin can't handle waxing, since I've never done it before. But, I also don't want to get a cheap product that isn't effective. 

Also, I use AHAs and BHAs sometimes on my legs to help with my KP - will that make my skin more sensitive to waxing? 

Thanks! 




 You can find the Alpha Hydrox line at a drugstore - I bought mine at Walgreens. They have a lotion that is 10% glycolic acid. If you do pick it up remember it's much stronger than the St. Ives so you'd have to work up slowly to see if your face can tolerate it. The bottle says to use it twice a day but that's insane - I would use it 3x a week or less to start off. 

[Here](http://www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=5992) is some information on the product. They also sell products like pads that have 14% glycolic acid.  




 The cleanser can probably remove most makeup on your face but you might have a tough time removing eye makeup like mascara or anything waterproof. I picked up a bottle of Neutrogena Oil-Free makeup remover and I swipe my eyes with a cotton ball and then go in with my OCM routine. 

Any oil-free makeup remover would probably be effective if your face doesn't agree with mineral oil.  




 A man basket is a really good idea! It would also be super cute to leave a note in my SOs work bag so he can find it...

Thanks for the tip. I really liked the one post on TrollX about the boyfriend who left the girl a basket of origami cranes that had little reasons why he loves her...it was so cute! Maybe I could put a bunch of those in the man basket too with his favorite beer and something else... 




 Meh, I think it's pretty normal. Also I'm pretty attached to my kitty despite her being a dick since she was around during my separation and divorce - and weirdly enough was a LOT better behaved when I was a complete emotional wreck. 




 No problem! I got advice from /r/wicked_edge and /r/ladyshavers. 

No, the Witch hazel does not sting. I have heard of people using rubbing alcohol to inhibit bacteria but I find that stings too much, and it's very drying. 

I really do recommend getting a razor where you can use double edge blades. That way you can use a fresh blade each time. If you'd like you could use a new disposable razor each time but buying a DE razor with blades will be much cheaper in the long run. 

I use the Dove deodorant which is fragrance free, I think it's the go sleeveless kind. It will say fragrance free or for sensitive skin on it.  




 So my procedure for removing hair down there is:

* Soak in the tub or shower for 15-20 minutes to soften hair. 
* Exfoliate area with exfoliating gloves. 
* Apply mineral oil to hair. 
* Let oil sit for a few minutes. 
* Use a fresh blade with my double edge razor (you can find recommendations on /r/wicked_edge) 
* Shave with the grain, then horizontally, then against the grain if there is no irritation. I pass along the hair 2-3 times only. The fresh sharp blade helps a lot with this. 
* Wash area clean, then pat dry. 
* Dab area with witch hazel.
* Swipe area with a deodorant stick (the no fragrance kind) that I bought specifically for after shaving down there. 
* To prevent ingrown hairs I swipe with stridex pads when I use them on my face at night. 

I don't get ingrown hairs but sometimes the area can still get irritated. A fresh blade and a double edge razor was the thing that most improved the skin in that area.  




 People can never be reminded enough to patch test! You always think you have great skin that can tolerate anything and then one day bam! 

Slow and steady is the best method for skin care! 




 Ouch. It's never fun when someone points out your acne. I had a friend whose dad for whatever reason always made fun of my acne and would say, "Why do you have so many pimples?" Like what the fuck man, I'm a teenager. It sucked. 

Now that I'm older my acne has become more mild thank god. But still, I'll always remember the shit that guy said to me.  




 Do your hands touch your face in that area? Is that the side you talk on the phone?  




 They are hard to find :( I have only seen them on Amazon with varying prices. It's annoying! 




 So do you think if I get him something he wants that isn't really related to Valentine's Day he'll be happy with it? I'd get him a card too and write something sweet.  




 That's very true. I'm just confused because I feel like on someone's birthday and on Christmas you could them something they want, but Valentine's day has to be something cute and special. So, I do know what he likes, but I'm not sure it's appropriate for Valentine's Day. 

We did make plans to go out for dinner, but he's buying!  




 I like the idea! He doesn't have a case for his phone and a leather one would look super classy! He does drink a lot of coffee too. Thanks for the suggestion! 




 Lol, that would be funny but he doesn't need a coupon to get a BJ! 




 That would be a good idea. There's a local hockey team he has been wanting to see so maybe I'll see about ticket prices :) 




 I got him one of those for his birthday! He loved it. Weirdly I told my parents I got him that and they said it was "weird" and that they wouldn't want one. Who wouldn't want a fruit bouquet?! Whatever, he liked it. But, that means I can't do it twice! 




 Haha every person I ask IRL says blowjob! But I mean, I give those regardless of the day, so it's not super special! I would definitely prefer something fancy, I'm thinking the meal is a good choice.  




 I do agree that it's a nice gift idea, just not sure if it's something I would get him on Valentine's Day! Maybe more of a birthday gift. Honestly now I want a pocket knife! 




 I totally agree. We can't really diagnose anything on here. Best to see at least another professional! 




 Aw, I figured! Balloons scare the crap out of my parent's dog too! 




 I think mine is just an attention whore who knows she gets pets if she bites. It's annoying but I'm not doing much to get her to stop.  




 You could try the Witch Hazel. I have never personally used ACV. I use Thayer's Witch Hazel and I don't find it does much other than keep my skin feeling fresh and moisturized. 

Your skin looks very nice by the way! It is hard to see the white bumpiness, but it's possible it's normal. 

Take a look at [this](http://www.silknaturals.com/store/index.php/skin-care/exfoliators/8-aha-toner-652.html) product. It's an AHA, but it has a short ingredient list. It uses lactic acid to exfoliate the skin. 

I looked into ACV for exfoliating and it's possible it could mildly exfoliate the skin.

Also, you can experiment with oils. Look into rose hip oil, castor oil, or hemp seed oil. From a quick google search people claim they help with redness. I was going to incorporate rose hip oil into my routine for my eye area as I have heard it helps with wrinkles!  




 Oh my gosh that's so sad :( Why are people always scaring their dogs! 

My parents have a St. Bernard who is scared of bubble wrap and trash bags and a bunch of other weird stuff. It's so sad to see him scared! But take out the vacuum and he attacks that motherfucker like it owes him money. Dogs are weird.  




 Cuddle slut lol! That explains my cat perfectly. 




 I don't know, my cat is a huge asshole. She'll paw at my eyes with her claws out if I don't wake up when she wants. If I walk past her and get too close she either bites my legs or scratches at me. If she's laying on me and I try to adjust her she bites me. When I got her from the shelter they told me she bites but that they are gentle "love bites." NO. They are full on, I hate you bites. 

She also throws up all the time, and she always does it on my pillow or my shoes. 

My SOs cat is also a total prick who will sit on your chest and bite your face until you pet him. He also waits by the door and tries to run out at any chance he gets. That fucker bit my eyebrow one morning. My SO currently has a scratch down the side of his face from his asshole cat. 

Weirdly enough I still like cats more than dogs, but that's probably because I'm really lazy.  




 Definitely! I've been on the hunt for a cheap product for my mild KP too. So far I've had good results from using AmLactin (but god the smell), the Alpha Hydrox, Gold Bonds Rough and Bumpy (this smells great!), and currently I'm using Cerave SA Renewing Cream (amazing). The only problem is price. The Cerave SA cream runs at 20 bucks a tub. Gah.  




 Not necessary! You can use both. Some people use them both on the same day, or they alternate days, depending on tolerance. A BHA is good for acne (it can be drying), and an AHA tends to be moisturizing and help improve skin texture. So they both do different things (you can check the sidebar for more info on AHAs and BHAs). 




 I second using an AHA, they are very effective! 




 The small white bumps could be closed comedones or they could be regular sebaceous filaments (which are normal). It's hard to tell without a picture.

Unfortunately I don't know how to get rid of redness or the bumps without a chemical exfoliator like an AHA or BHA. I do know that people praise neem oil (I use it!) but I don't know if it would help the bumps. I do find it quite moisturizing though and it seems to help my acne. Most people do find the smell pretty bad, but I like it!

I have also heard safflower oil as a decent oil for the skin. It's moisturizing and I have heard it can help acne. 

You could think about incorporating an AHA (there are recommendations in the sidebar). It would improve your skin's texture and make it quite smooth, and possibly reduce the redness as well. However, it is not "natural." 

Edit: You could invest in a konjac sponge for light physical exfoliation if you wanted. 




 Where do you get the acne? Hormonal acne is common along the jaw line. If you are on the pill your acne is probably not hormonal.

You could add a BHA to your routine. Stridex in the red box is quite popular, or you could look at Paula's Choice BHA gel (they have 1% or 2%, if your skin is quite sensitive I would use the 1%). 

I believe the Clinique emergency gel lotion has 10% BP, which can be quite irritating. If you still want to use BP you could try something with 2.5% BP or 5% BP. Alternatively you can use diluted tea tree oil! You can add a drop or two to your moisturizer or dilute it in a carrier oil. 

Also, make sure you are changing your pillow case every night or sleeping on a t-shirt/towel. Make note of where you get acne and see if you can think of any possible triggers. Depending on how long you've been on the pill you could see continued improvement.   




 Yes! I have this exact lotion and it broke out my face, so I started using it on my legs and arms. It's great for helping with KP.  




 I have heard some people use Evening Primrose Oil for hormonal acne. I would discuss this with your doctor because I'm not sure if there are any side effects of taking this, especially since you have an allergy. It may be worth looking into.  




 I would definitely stop using the Stridex. Your skin may not like salicylic acid. You could switch to Paula's Choice BHA 1% gel (Stridex pads have 2%) and use it a few times a week. Alternatively, you could switch to using an AHA that is very mild, like the St. Ives Exfoliating Pads. 

What are your skin care goals? If you don't get acne, I would stick to simply keeping your skin moisturized and wear sunscreen daily. 




 Haha awesome :)  




 I'm the same way! My SO is the opposite and always needs to get shit done. By the time I wake up he's done laundry, cleaned the house, finished up some work he had to get done, shoveled the driveway... And I'm just relaxing in bed on Reddit lol. I try everything in my power to be as lazy as possible.  




 I would wash the area like normal and keep the area dry and clean. 

I personally use stridex pads on my pubic area but avoid the labia area because it's very sensitive. If you do use it on your penis I would watch for any irritation. I have also heard witch hazel dabbed on areas where you shave helps with preventing ingrown hairs and irritation. 

I recommend using a new blade each time you shave if you don't already.  




 I don't know why you are being down voted. I would avoid chemical exfoliating on my genital region because the skin is very sensitive.  




 But isn't this because people who drink a lot of coffee tend to work indoors and avoid the sun?  




 I mix my clay mask with water and it's still been working for me. I can imagine it would sting less with water, but if I have a lot of acne or irritation on my face the clay mask exacerbates that. You could try only putting the mask on problem areas. For example I always avoid the area under my nose because it stings too much.  




 I would invest in either a microfiber cloth or a konjac sponge so you can gently exfoliate your skin. I would also look into a chemical exfoliator, something like Stridex in the red box is very popular and works well. If your skin gets dry you might want to look into an AHA like the St. Ives exfoliating pads which have lactic acid and it isn't very irritating.  




 Asian sunscreens tend to be less greasy than western varieties. I have heard very good things about the Biore Aqua Rich Watery Essence (I think that's what it's called). Check out /r/AsianBeauty for recommendations!  




 Hi! Welcome to SCA. If you're just starting a routine, be sure to only add in one product at a time. Starting with a moisturizer is a great first step, and if jojoba oil works, that's great! Just know that some oils can break people out. A good starter oil is pure mineral oil as it breaks very few people out. 

Once you've settled on a moisturizer, I would incorporate a cleanser and a sunscreen. You only need to wash your face at night. 

I personally love my Cerave foaming cleanser. It's the first cleanser I bought after finding this sub and it works great and doesn't dry out my skin. 

Once your skin is used to the cleanser, moisturizer, and sunscreen, you can look into chemical exfoliation and spot treatments, which you can find recommendations for in the sidebar. Be sure to patch test so you can be sure a product will not break you out or cause a reaction. 

If you deal with cystic acne, is it possible to see a dermatologist? They could help with prescriptions.

Good luck! If you have any questions about your routine in the future this sub has a daily routine thread where you can post any questions you have :) I post there probably every day! And be careful, skincare is an addiction. Before I never used to wash my face but now I'm obsessed! 




 I believe the certain areas of your face are more sensitive and prone to irritation, which can exacerbate breakouts. For example, I used an AHA for a few months and the skin on my nose, chin, and cheeks was extremely clear. Yet it broke me out on my jawline, neck, and forehead. So I just stopped using the product. 

It's your skin, so experiment with what works! You can use certain products only on certain areas, or you can try to find products that are for sensitive skin.  




 Gosh I don't know if I can pick. I do love my cerave in the tub! But I also love my oil mix of sunflower oil and neem oil.  




 I used it everyday, but it broke me out. I don't know if it's because I used it too frequently or if there was some ingredient my face didn't agree with. I would use it 3x a week to start out, or less if you experience irritation.  




 How thickly do you apply your Good Night White Sleeping Mask? I just used mine last night but I'm not sure if I need to layer it thicker. I ended up putting Vaseline over it.  




 Oh dang. Where do you live? I'd suggest finding products that are local, unless you would buy them online? I'm sure you could find them on Amazon.  




 Thanks for the detailed response! I'm glad it's plant placenta, even if that's not a thing, because thinking about slathering animal placenta on my face is pretty wonky. 

I'll check out the links for spot treatments and the product order :) 




 Haha interesting! He doesn't have a pocket knife, but he's not much of a sportsman type? He's an accountant lol. 

How much are they? That's actually a good gift idea to keep in mind for my brother or my dad!  




 I have tried using oils and then wiping it away with a cloth, but I really didn't like it. So now I wash my face with the oil and then double cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser. I definitely like this better, as it makes my face feel very clean and refreshed. I wear a decent amount of makeup so I feel like I really need the double cleanse method. 

Also, it took me a while to get used to sleeping with Vaseline on my face. And you don't need that much Vaseline. I started by putting a massive thick layer on my face, and you don't need that much! A thin layer works just as good as a thick one.  




 I don't get grits! Some people do some don't. If I am wearing a lot of makeup I start to think I got grits but turns out it was just balled up makeup residue lol.  




 Oh no :( I started with mineral oil and loved it and then switched to sunflower oil and neem oil, which also works great!

Another reminder is to get pure mineral oil with nothing added - the mineral oil from the drug store tends to have tocopherals (sp?) in them, which can cause breakouts! 




 Also, don't be discouraged if you don't get grits! I've gotten maybe two grits EVER from using OCM, and I've been doing it for nearly half a year. The only time I got grits was when I used the Aztec Clay Mask before I did OCM. I was so excited. But the next week I did it again, and no grits :( Boo.  




 Yup, for some people a simplified routine works and for others it doesn't. It's not really helpful to say that people overcomplicate their skincare. My brother has awful acne, has had awful acne since he hit puberty, and he has tried everything from seeing a derm and going on meds to doing absolute zero. 

For me, I never had huge issues with my skin other than mild acne. The products I use now have seriously improved my skin's texture and my face just feels so much better. If you look at my posts my skincare regime is quite long. 

Skincare is a mixed bag. It's frustrating when a simplified routine works for someone and not for others! It's definitely a very personal journey.  




 This was really helpful! I actually was stressing over the tiny bumps under my eyes and started thinking they were milia, and even had a dream about it lol. But, looking at that picture they're normal! So thank you :) 




 I haven't used either of the products, but I did look at them. So, the face wash has salicylic acid in it, but it won't be on your skin long enough to do anything for your breakouts. I suggest looking into the Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion, which has 2% salicylic acid if you like Neutrogena products. I have used this lotion and it's worked for me. 

So, the face wash is probably fine, but I would look into getting a spot treatment like the Acne Defense lotion, and then apply a moisturizer after. I hope that makes sense! 

Also, be sure to wear a sunscreen with SPF 30 (at least). If you have acne prone skin the sunscreen will help reduce the appearance of acne scars. 

OH, and I recommend only washing your face once per day. In the morning it's fine to just rinse your face and apply moisturizer, otherwise you risk drying out your skin too much.  




