 Well, my bachelors is physics, my masters would be engineering. I'm not sure if that changes things, but I've found a bachelors in physics from an unknown school is basically worthless. 




 Title says it all. Mediocre grades at best (2 C's and a D at a school where any more than 4 grades below B- gets you kicked out). Told my advisor at the lab I wanted to finish my masters and leave. I can't do PhD. I can't do the stress without it literally killing me (by my own hand or by accident). I was so angry at myself for my shitty performance last week I put my fist through my mirror.

So when my advisor told me he wanted wanted me to apply to the PhD program directly (and take some classes that would prolong the time until I could get my masters by a semester or two) for the sake of "additional funding", the day after contemplating this for two weeks culminating in me destroying my apartment, I said no.

Now I'm told I have exactly 0 chance of funding, and I'm 15 credits away from my masters.

On a scale of "That was a silly thing to do" to "seriously consider self immolation or sepuku", just how badly did I fuck up here? 




  Younger Americans will kindly remember his executive order declaring all student loan debtors bankrupt,

That would be awesome, since student loan debt can't be discharged via bankruptcy.

Me:  "I Burnphonegrad declare that I have no money to pay my debts, and heretofore declare bankruptcy"

Student loan lenders: "Oh, you got nothing? We'll need like 70k of that please" 




  Instead, I threw the damn thing in the trash. 

No offense but you sound like you would have been a joy to communicate with 




 I'm jealous. My stack isn't nearly as badass, just a 780 and a Marantz 2245. Of the two the Marantz is my favorite, both are recapped and restored (still need to do a little work finishing them both, need to source a power button for the Marantz and a new backplate, and need to fix the one VU meter on the pioneer. Maybe then I'll get a wooden case made for the Marantz to satisfy me until I can get my hands on a 2270 or sx-1280

Edit: I do always forget how late in the 70's that line was, since the internals are
More like the early 70's equipment than say, a late 70's Yamaha receiver 




