 Really the only thing he's useful for against Troll right now is that FG pierces BKB. But the downside is that Troll usually uses BKB at the very beginning of a fight when his team's disables are all up, so good luck getting the full channel off. 




 First off learn how to farm with strong carries. Troll, PA, AM are three good examples right now. If you learn how to play these heroes well, and can hit 5 cs/min on a consistent basis, your MMR will go up by a thousand. Under 3k, the carry that has the most farm wins. While your team is busy team fighting across the map after the 8 minute mark, you should focus on getting as much farm as possible with the space they are creating for you. Ignore them when they call gg at 15 minutes because you're not participating in fights. They're stupid, and that's why they're under 2k. 

Get your farm and only participate in fights if the fight is under YOUR tower, allowing you to tp in instantly and get a couple clean up kills if you are able. The biggest mistake people make in sub 3k is fighting before their hero A.) has enough farm or B.) hits their peak. It is a complete waste of time to go into a fight, die, and lose time you could be farming another big item. 




 Saw the other post about what heroes have never been in the meta, and it got me wondering what actually defines a hero as being "in the meta"? 




 Even if Eul's gets nerfed I doubt we'll see less Lina. It'll still be a setup for her stun and her ultimate is one of the strongest in the game, especially with Aghs. 




 Go into the draft with a game plan. "Counterpick the enemy heroes" is a terrible plan and you shouldn't do it. You might be left with a team that has no synergy, horrid lanes or that has varying different timings that could screw you over. However, counter picks should still be utilized. Did they first pick a Batrider and VS fits into your game plan? Get it. 

Your players need to have 3-4 heroes that they can comfortably play in case a hero gets banned or a counter has already been picked. If they don't, then they need to learn them or they're a liability to your team.

Watch pro commentaries on drafts. They'll explain why the teams drafted the way they did, and it can give you great insight. 


 




  They mostly play sniper troll jugg and sf

Then they need to expand their hero pool. That's their problem that they can only play the easiest (aside from SF) and currently strongest heroes in the game. Not yours. 




 I've actually experimented with Blink instead of Force. If you have the chance to Astral yourself, the cooldown on blink means you can blink out of a self-Astral. Also makes initiating with Astral far more reliable.

The downside is you lose a bit of early damage and the utility. 




 Support players would have instant games. 

Carry players would have 15 minute queues. 

Mids would be 30. 




 Knowing when to gank is huge. If you're 3.6k you're probably past the 8 minute "gg mid no gank" calls, but getting a Haste rune on someone like TA or Storm should be an easy 1 or 2 kills for your side lane and you should take advantage of that. 




 Never really got into the hero too much, but I know the basics. 

I know it's always a good idea to leave a Remnant behind you for an escape if you get ganked while farming. However, if I go to throw another on a hero to initiate a gank on them and use Activate, it goes to the one that's far away before the one I just threw.

Is it a mechanic that it will always go in the order that you send them or is there some way I could ignore the first I threw to only move to the second? 




 Part of getting better is learning how to win with stupid teammates and against equally stupid opponents. You'll figure it out. 




 Someone made a thread yesterday tracking the MMR between his calibration matches. The first 4-5 games bounced between a 500 or so MMR range. 




 PL just got a rework. He doesn't need another.

 I say we should nerf Radiance.

Radiance isn't core on PL any more.  




  Essentially

I thought I remembered seeing pro's in the area between 5 and 5.5k so that's why I did that. But really I don't think the difference between 5 and 6k is large enough to warrant making a separate bracket for 5-6k. Considering there are only ~600 people actually above 6k if I remember correctly. 




 0-1k = How did you even turn on your computer

1-2k = You're not good

2-3k = Average

3-4k = Getting better

4-5k = You're probably top 10%

5k+ = Essentially pro status 




 It doesn't already do that? Why not? 




  We can't mute you during the draft stage

That needs to be changed. 




 At least make sure your trolling reply is something that could be real.

0/10 




 That'd be cool. 




 I got queued last night with 5 solo on my team, 1 solo and 2 stacks of 2 on the enemy team. Hardly seems fair, but my team still won so I can't complain. 




 People will buy the arcanas and still play the heroes.

Duh? 




 Isn't the point of Hex to be an instant disable? Increasing the cast time would defeat the entire purpose. 




  I tried my best to carry

 but he let us down as bristle. 

I was Spectre.

5-14 sub-200 cs in a 46 minute game

K.

 




 Either shut him down so hard in the first 15 minutes that he isn't a threat (he really isn't that great if underleveled and underfarmed), kite the shit out of him in team fights with Force Staffs/Slows or get BKB-piercing disables (Fiend's Grip, Primal Roar, Black Hole) and focus him down immediately. 




 God I love this video. 




 Someone probably made fun of him at school and he took his anger and humiliation out on anonymous people on the internet. 




  The fourth game I also played sniper with even better performance and I got nice team too and I won the game.

So what happened to your MMR after the 4th game then 




 It's the same concept as rushing Linkens on Weaver. It's not exactly what you want to get first, but it's not the worst thing you could buy. 




 I dig Beastmaster, would be a cool buff. 

Also to anyone reading, Primal Roar shits on Troll Warlord. Hang back, wait for his BKB/Ult, Blink in and Roar him and sick your boar(s) on him. Works best when his BKB gets to a lower duration but you get the point. 




 So when I was rising from 2.6k-3.2k over the past month or so, I obviously didn't win every game. But there were times where I'd win 5,6,7 in a row. Fuckin awesome right? Ez 200 MMR. Well then I noticed something. Instead of being almost equivalent to the average MMR of the server (which most people are at 3k-ish), after a winning streak I was actually 50-100 MMR behind the average of the server. This happened after every streak of 4 or more wins (which there were a few of). So after a winning streak the system was actually putting me up against theoretically more difficult opponents (even though the difference between 3.0k and 3.1k is negligible) than what my supposed skill level was, because I was winning.

Just found it strange.



 




  PL is a better Troll Counter.

Absolutely. 

Would it actually be worth it to build a BF on Troll if you're counter picked by a PL? It would screw up his entire item progression and timings though. 




 If Sniper goes MoM before BKB, he's never going to get the chance to build Skadi or MKB. Have you seen a PA crit on a MoM'd Sniper? It's fun stuff. A naked Phase/MoM Sniper is ridiculously squishy. One crit from a Treads/Aquila/PMS PA that early on is over half of Sniper's health. And since there's no bkb, and also since the cast range on Phantom Strike is greater than Sniper's attack range, PA shouldn't have a huge problem getting in.

If Sniper goes BKB before MoM where's his damage coming from? He doesn't have the Skadi slow yet, nor the True Strike from MKB, nor the attack speed from MoM. He has protection, sure, but PA can easily kite out BKB charges since the Snipers doing next to no damage.

And when they are finally slotted, like in the average teamfight you mentioned, the PA wouldn't just try to run to or away from the Sniper. If Sniper BKBs before you get the jump, you Phantom Strike out to an ally or creep and wait out his BKB. If your team is initiating, you should really be initiating a first instance of lockdown ON the Sniper, since the Sniper is the highest value target, leaving room for PA then to BKB and jump in. If the Sniper isn't jumped, imo, it's not a good enough initiation to commit to. Wait out the 5-10 seconds, and if the opportunity is still there, the Sniper is dead.  




  might as well say "you can win by playing Troll"

Troll spamming is the easiest MMR I've ever gotten, yet it amazes me that people actually can't play him correctly. Honestly the hardest thing about Troll is having the game sense to know when to switch between Melee/Ranged axes depending on situations. PSA: If you're chasing someone down, switch to melee for extra move speed, switch to ranged to attack, switch back to melee to chase, switch to ranged to attack (hoping to proc a Maim or just get the Skadi slow on them), etc. until you catch them if your whirling axes aren't available. 

Trolls super easy. If you can't win with Troll, you don't deserve to go up in MMR. 




 How would you build the Sniper then?  




 I went from 1.8k to 3.2k in about a year. Over time you'll steadily get better. 




  their names

 some notable people

I love how specific you are. 




 I really want to see Oracle added to CM before TI5. 




 There are way too many variables and what ifs.

Essentially the answer is whoever gets the jump first. 




 Force Boots, Soul Ring, Euls would be every support's first 3 purchases. 




  could be

Not saying it is, but considering I have no idea what the average reddit MMR is, I wouldn't be surprised if it were high.

That's interesting though.  




 Congratulations, you picked two heroes out of the possible 108 others that have a spell immunity piercing disable. Magnus, Bane, Enigma, Beastmaster, LC are ones too.

But what if your team is Sniper, Skywrath, Phantom Lancer, Tidehunter, Witch Doctor? No BKB piercing disables there, unless PL builds Abyssal.

Also a good PA will wait until the Axe or Clock initiated elsewhere to jump the Sniper. 




  Why would you let him reach you to being with? stun him.

Then he buys a Blink Dagger or BKB.

 Unless he comes charging at you with bkb, then run.

His W gives a Slow debuff if it lands. Two core items on him are SnY (Maim chance is a Slow) and Skadi (built in Slow). You don't run from this hero. Kiting him requires teamwork and coordination or heroes with escape mechanisms. 




 He's the best 1v1 fighter there is due to ridiculous attack speed steroids, and a built in bash that pierces spell immunity. Capable of reaching near max move speed with Phase activated. He's also arguably the best pusher in the game right now due to his Ultimate giving attack speed to his entire team on only a 30 second cooldown. One of the best STR gains per level for Agi carries as well. Oh and he has a Slow and a Blind. Being able to switch between melee and ranged doesn't have any downsides. He can solo Roshan after level 11 and HotD (minute 12-15 depending on how your laning phase went) and he's strong at every stage of the game. 


 




 A PA and Sniper battle with equal farm should always be won by the PA. The Aghs upgrade does damage, yes, but Abyssal is core on PA to lock down the Sniper and the only way someone will stop you is with a BKB piercing disable. A team won't always have one of those. 




 I've played from 1.8k-3.2k in my time of Dota 2. While these elements are still prevalent in 3k, this describes 2k far more accurately at least for US East. 




 Spectre is a really weak laner in a meta that favors strong laners. Naga is the same way. Tusk is situational. Spectre and Naga don't pressure Sniper in the laning phase, which is when he needs to be shut down. 




  they will just blow you up as soon as you blink to sniper

Ever heard of a BKB? 
 




 You described 2k way more than 3k. 




 You could have too many different outcomes depending on item builds and RNG for an answer. 

If you had said SF has item, item, item and Storm has item, item, item it'd be a bit easier. 




 Out of almost 11 million unique players this last month, you honestly believe that there are 5.5 million players above 3k MMR? 

 Reddit

Yeah, slightly over 200,000 people (out of 11,000,000) that are known for being completely biased and forgetting that we're not even 2% of the community. 

The average Reddit MMR could be 3.5k, I'd agree with that.

 some notable people

Got a link?

A year and a half ago, the 90th percentile was 3k with 5 million players. 500,000 above 3k. So now you're saying that out of the 6 million new players since then (assuming the original 5 million are counted in the current 11 million), 5 million of them are above the skill level that would have put them essentially at pro status only a year and a half ago? 

K. 




  3.5k (the norm)

The average player is more like 2.2k. Considering the dotabuff cutoff for "High Skill" is 3.2k, it wouldn't make sense at all for the average player to be above that. 




 If you're the best player on the team, you need to play a hero that allows for the most solo kill potential. You absolutely cannot rely on your teammates at that MMR. You need to be able to do it all yourself, and the easiest way to do that is by playing a high impact carry. For example, I guarantee at that level people can't grasp the concept of not stacking stuns. At higher levels it happens on accident, but it's very common to see 2 or more stuns thrown on a hero within a seconds time span, instead of chaining them for longer duration. 

The easiest way to win is by getting more last hits than the enemy. If their carry has 10 cs at minute ten and you have 50, ignoring any kills, towers or runes you have 5x more networth than them. That's around a 2000 gold advantage. Keep farming until minute 20 at the same pace, you now have 100 cs at minute 20, where they might only have, hell probably 25. In that time span they went from 500cs gold to 1250. You went from 2500 to 5000. Couple that with some solo kills and making sure you don't die, and after minute 20 you should easily be strong enough that sub 2k coordination will not be enough to kill you. Easy win. 

TL;DR: Farming efficiency is what separates low skill players from high skill players. Learn how to farm, and you'll easily jump to 3k. 




 Congrats? 




 Prefacing this by saying I'm talking about pubs, not pro scene.

It's even more unpopular now that 5 core strats are arguably more viable than 1 carry 2 cores 2 supports. Supports do their best work in the first 15 minutes. Ganking mid, pulling the safe lane, early wards/courier, securing your cores' farm while also hindering the enemies', etc.

However in this patch, getting your team an early advantage is actually bad, because each kill the enemy team will inevitably get will give them more and more bonus gold due to the comeback mechanics. The fastest game I've ever won was as Troll a week or so ago. We got megas sub 20 minutes after I destroyed their mid and the enemy team gave up. Other than that, games are going at least 35. That's 35 minutes for a team's 5 carries to farm, defend high ground AND get EXTRA gold from kills due to your advantage. 

Also factor in that carries get to farm for the big flashy items, do the most damage and are more easily recognizable for "glory" per se, whereas in pubs supports are seen as ward bitches, you can see why they're the minority. 




 Mute whoever is being toxic. Engaging in a flame war will do nothing but take focus away from your play, hindering your ability to either stay in the lead or make a comeback. If they're retarded/Peruvian, there's nothing you can do about it.

Stick to pings and chat wheel. Only type if it's to discuss strategy, and even then keep it brief and to the point.  




 Lina is picked a ton. Not on Lion/Venge status, but she is also capable of filling two different roles. 




 Yeah no shit. Sniper has easy counters and first picking it allows them to pick any and all of them. 




 What game? 




 The problem in team fights though is that once the RP is dropped, those heroes are dead. Omni would be good but if you're playing against a good Magnus he'll either wait out the GA or make sure to get Omni in the RP. 

As far as countering it though, obviously you're not going to outfarm the Troll. Do you just split push around it really hard? Limiting the Mag's impact will work a little bit but he doesn't even need to max Skewer. 4-4-1-1 at level 10 and your Troll is golden. 




 Something I've been wondering recently. From what I've seen in the pro scene, Trolls almost always banned. But in the games he gets first picked, why isn't Magnus an immediate second pick from the same team? I know he doesn't NEED Magnus like CK essentially needs a wisp for example, but that combo seems way too strong to pass up.

To add to that, Trolls also almost always picked in pubs. If you're the Troll picker, try and convince someone to Magnus. Even if they suck at RP'ing, the Empower flash farm opportunity will skyrocket you. http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1403320471

Or, if Troll isn't your thing, learn Magnus. The hero doesn't need a ton of farm for this combo to work, just a Bottle, Blink and Mana Boots. Your main goal is just to steroid your carry. After your core items take it upon yourself to do the Ancient stacks, since relying on supports to do it is generally not going to happen. And if you're a good Magnus that can land 2-3 man RPs consistently, it doesn't matter if your Troll is bad (Manta and SnY on the same hero, way to go). Put Empower on him and it's a triple kill in 5 attacks. http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1400871942

I'm only a lowly 3k but the top game is a new record GPM for me. I'd wager to say this is currently actually stronger than Drow/Visage and far easier to execute. I don't think I've lost with this combo yet, playing either the Troll or Magnus. But eventually I'm going to play against it, I can already feel it. So, how do you counter it?  




 Have you tried turning it off and back on? 




 Disruptor, Batrider or Enigma in my opinion. 




 Just make sure to spend it before you die. I have two buttons on the side of my mouse, one is hotkeyed for mic and one is for quick buy. There's nothing worse than finally having enough gold for that last Ultimate Orb and getting ganked and not being able to complete your item for the next 2-4 minutes.

Assuming you won't need to buyback, anyway. 




 Only have it on Auto Cast when you're positive you won't get jumped (i.e. when he already jumped someone else.). 




  immediate after radiance

Yeah that's stupid.  




 Mid should gank given the correct opportunity. It's not their JOB to gank per se, but if there's a Haste rune and a side lane wave is pushed to your tower, that's an opportunity to gank and you should take advantage of it.

Also, everyone on reddit knows this. You're preaching to the choir.

 




 I love OD. One thing you may have forgotten to mention was that his Q adds Pure damage. This is extremely powerful against Agi carries (and Axe) because the damage isn't reduced by their armor. 

I experimented a bit with Blink instead of Force Staff. The synergy between your W and and cooldown on Blink means it's a far better personal escape mechanism than Force Staff. You do however lose the utility of Forcing teammates and a bit of damage. This also means that if you save W for personal defense, you can usually easily escape from the middle of a team fight to go to the back lines and keep pumping out damage. Also great for BlinkAstral to initiate on someone. 




 They are usually heroes that depend more on levels for effectiveness rather than farm. Usually initiators.  




 End the game before Spectre is farmed enough to be able to carry. 




  You didn't need BF because he should have been Empowering you.

 




 Scale it to 1/2/2/3 charges per level.  




 Your build sucks. Aghs BF Jug isn't good. Yeah the argument is there for the RP combo, but look at their heroes. Magnus is best against a heavy melee lineup, of which they only have 1 (not counting Timber and Tree because they shouldn't be right clicking you anyway.) You didn't need BF because he should have been Empowering you.

Your money would have been far better spent on MKB/Abyssal. 




 Yo mamas so fat that she only buys Tangos.  




 No. Her agi gain is half of Troll's and has half his base armor at level 16. Considering she needs PhaseAghsDaedalusForce/Blink before she's truly strong, that's zero armor items. She'll melt to any real carry if she's locked down. 

I've had no problems playing against WR as Troll. All you have to do is either buy MKB or kite through her evasion and then bash lock her.  




 Gyro is a terrible mid. His attack range is garbage, and if you're maxing Missile you're forgoing abilities that help you farm, of which he needs a lot of to be effective. 

He'll lose to any mid with good harass that runs a bottle. Kunkka, SF, Sniper, TA, QoP are 5 that come to mind instantly. 




  (i was playing meepo)

Against a hero whose biggest strength is single target physical damage. There's your first problem.

 (in my opinion she's equal to troll)

Troll provides an attack speed steroid to his entire team as well as a built in bash, aoe blind and aoe slow. WR provides skill shot lockdown, a magic nuke, evasion/maxMS/slow provided you run over them and an attack speed steroid to herself and only on a single target. Troll farms faster and is a much lower skill cap. 

Looking at the dotabuff, if you had jumped her you shouldn't have had a problem killing her. If she jumped you, you're dead. That's how the matchup works. Just because you lost to it doesn't mean it's overpowered. 




  It's "not a fun and friendly atmosphere" he said.

Welcome to online gaming. 




 Spectre, Clock, SB, Axe, Nyx, PA, LC, BH kinda. 

Basically anyone that can get in his face and hold him there while dealing out heavy damage. 




 If you're taking racks and you've won a team fight, it's usually best to back off if the enemy buys back. Unless you're massively ahead or still healthy enough to fight, it's super bad to get killed by heroes that bought back. 

 




 The only part of Dazzle that gets countered by Axe is Shallow Grave. Actually, if you look at his 3 other skills, Dazzle is more of a counter to Axe. Shadow Wave is great for a heal bomb if Axe calls teammates and creeps. Weave helps your team against his physical damage and can reduce his armor. Poison Touch is meh. But since his core items include Force, Euls, Medallion, maybe a Mek, he's not bad at all. 




 I'd make them confused, disarming them and making their hero move randomly for 2/3/4 seconds.  




 I've done this. It's great. 




 Just randomed Magnus, essentially commanded someone to get Troll. Other picks were Sniper, Omni and LC jungle. Proceeded to roflstomp them for 40 minutes.

lolthismeta 




 From what I've experienced, it's better to have lackluster supports rather than a lackluster carry. 




  easy counters

Oracle, Bane and Winter Wyvern are the first 3 that come to mind. 

Oracle is an extremely high skill cap hero. If you don't know how to play Oracle, you're probably going to do way more harm than good. Bane is in the same boat but less so. Misuse of Nightmare can easily lose you a teamfight, and without proper positioning and game sense your FG can be immediately interrupted. Winter Wyvern is okay but still takes a rather large amount of game sense.

It's way harder to play those heroes as counters to Troll or Jug than it is to play a Troll or Jug. Aghs Lina and QoP are good because of their Pure Damage Ultimates but otherwise aren't much.

And as for Sniper, he's nowhere near as overpowered as people like to claim. Shrapnel early on is insanely strong but he's still basically a glass cannon. Get in his face and he melts. 




 Magnus, Troll, Drow, Visage, VS.

You can sack Magnus in the offlane because his main contribution to this lineup is Empowering the Troll for flash farming ancient stacks and just the threat of an RP. 




 "GG MID ITS MINUTE 8 NO GANK PLZ REPORT"

 




 I calibrated in Oct '13 at 1.8k. Peaked over 3k once about a year later, but fell back down to 2.2k.

Recalibrated on another account in February at 2.6k, hovering between 3 and 3.2k currently. Just takes time. 




 Yes, in which case you should play supports that don't lack that potential. The best way to improve your MMR is to get good at high impact heroes. While some people can improve by playing support, it's generally easier to get really good at snowball mids or carries that farm quickly and have great kill potential. 

 




 What's sad is that 5 carry strats are arguably more viable than 1 hard carry, 2 cores and 2 supports. 

You lose the first 20 minutes super hard but turtle for another 20 because pushing high ground is stupidly difficult and reap the comeback mechanics to push down one lane and end the game. I'd like to see statistics for this patch, if possible, for how many teams actually lost the game even though they took all of the outer towers first (excluding games with a Troll because he can take 3 lanes of racks in 90 seconds).

It's stupid. 

 




 Ventrilo is the bomb.com

Yeah if DDOS is such a problem because of Skype, I don't see why people are still using Skype. Do tourny rules make you use Skype? 




 Is it worth still picking up a casual Yasha for farming speed or is that what the MoM is for? 




 I know it probably varies depending on the game, but what is the current best item progression for a Dusa? I usually take her mid, and I run RoAPhaseYashaSkadiMantaBfly. Not really sure where to go after that, I'm assuming MKB or Daedalus? 

Also, what should the skill build look like? I only keep 1 point in her ult after 6, and max Snake and Mana Shield first. Should I forgo Snake for stats? 

Ty. 




 Skadi is the fotm item for sure, next to MoM. It's a great pickup on almost every carry.

Rapier should only be bought as your last ditch effort to win. I had to buy one last night as Medusa because we were 2 racks down. Hid it from the enemy team, they tried to push for the 3rd racks, we team wiped them and marched down to win the game. I actually ended up losing it to their Mirana but we'd already taken megas and they couldn't push out. 




 Wait for the next patch.

In all seriousness nothing in the first 20 minutes of the game really matters. Even if you stomp all 3 lanes, if the enemy team has any semblance of high ground defense you're going to lose your entire advantage if they win a team fight while you try to take racks. 

The best thing to do in this patch is gear for late game no matter what. Unless you have someone like a Troll that can go from 3 racks to 0 in 2 minutes, you're going to have to play to win around the 40 minute mark.  




 I got a 729 gpm game on AM last night after I'd been drinking. Considering I'm 3-10 on the hero on this account, and my only wins have been while drunk, I think I know who to stick to after a few beers. 




 It's not a hard hero to play necessarily, but it's a lot harder to play well than Troll or Sniper. Misuse of Nightmare can royally fuck over a team fight. Knowing when to use Fiends Grip takes a lot of game sense too, because you either need to wait out all of the other team's disables or position yourself perfectly to avoid it being immediately interrupted. 

Not saying he's the highest skill cap or anything, but he takes a lot of game knowledge to play well. 




  theres a reason hes first pick pro material.

Uh, maybe a couple patches ago. I haven't seen a first pick Lycan in months.

inb4 THIS ONE TEAM DID IT THIS ONE TIME LIKE A WEEK AGO 




 Troll can easily outrun Razor with SnY/Phase. In late game he can also murder the Razor before too much damage is stolen. Really isn't that good of a counter. 




 Juggernaut. I don't know why, but for some reason I just can't win games if I play him. 




 The problem is that the counters to Jug, Troll and Sniper (all extremely easy heroes to play) are heroes that have pretty high skill caps. (Winter Wyvern, Orcale, Bane, for example).

Any retard can pick Troll and win a game in 30 minutes. But if you give that same person an Oracle they're going to royally fuck up. That is what sucks about this current meta. The strongest heroes are the easiest to play. 




 No. 




  I've played hundreds of games against Pudge and I still royally suck against him.

Dude all you have to do is watch where he moves and put creeps between yourself and the Pudge. If you don't see him, drop a shrapnel on the high ground. 

Pudge mid only beats bad Snipers. If you're a bad Sniper, your biggest issue is positioning. 




 Uh, SKs burrow has atrocious range, if you see WK running at you to stun you should just back up. If you're don't, you're bad.

Axe is one of the top 3 offlaners at the moment, but your range should be fine unless they tower dive you. 

Boots first and maxing Take Aim solves these problems, by the way. 




 If you're getting hit by stuns you're playing it wrong. If you're not mid, max Shrap and Take Aim before Headshot. There's no way the enemy should get to you. If they do, you're doing it wrong. 




  This is 2k so we're both going to misposition every once in a while.

That's not really an excuse. Sniper shits on Pudge mid. Use Shrapnel for vision on his high ground if you have to, but you should definitely be able to position yourself well enough to avoid hooks if you're a half decent player. 




 Tri lanes are great for people who know how to run tri lanes. It took me a long time of captaining CM in 2k to realize that at the time I, nor any of my teammates, actually knew how to properly run a tri lane. 

Sub 3k, if you lose the laning stage, just keep farming until you get the items you need to fight. It is absolutely wrong to enter teamfights before you're ready, as most of the time you'll die and further set back your progression. It takes a lot of practice, game sense and knowledge to know when to enter a fight. In sub 3k, people will be tower diving at 15 minutes. This provides great opportunities to TP in at the end of a team fight and potentially get a couple clean up kills, but you have to be careful about it. 




 That's no fun. 




 You shouldn't be playing her anyway, that's kind of what I'm saying. 




 Nyx's Mana Burn, Frost Nova, Purification, Multicast.

I win. 




 If anyone is having trouble actually killing this hero, the best tip is to save him for last and control him throughout the teamfight. Silence him, euls him, sheep him, kill everyone else around him and go for him last.  




  Does anyone build refresher abaddon?

I doubt it. It would be an extremely luxury item considering there are so many other items that he would want before that.

I mean I'm sure people HAVE but it's not really something I see as viable. 




 Troll and Bloodseeker. They're both so easy to play, it kind of just isn't fun. 




  tri-laning

 bottom of 2k

Terrible suggestion. 

1. I highly doubt people that low know what pulling is. 2. I even highly-er doubt that they know how to do it correctly. 3. You're going to end up pushing the wave under the enemy tower giving them free xp while your carry is zoned out of last hits and splitting xp three ways. 4. You're probably going to try to dive tower because omg 3v2 advantage and die. 5. Your offlaner is now in a 1v2 and will probably feed. 

I'd recommend building a Poor Man's Shield for agility carries. Stops a lot of early right click damage harass and boosts your damage a bit for trading and last hitting. If nothing else, definitely pick up a Stout. Practice last hitting under tower. Lower MMR people miss a ton of essentially free last hits because they don't know how to last hit under towers. Control the creep equilibrium by going for denies. Usually you want the creep wave closer to your tower. It's worse to die than to miss out on some cs. If you're way too pressured, just hang back and soak xp. There are some offlane combinations that will be absolute hell to deal with no matter what carry you pick, especially low 2k where you can see anything. Sometimes you can let them take the tower, and 1 or both will rotate away to pressure other lanes. That frees up the lane for you to freely catch up on cs. Just don't die, play safe, and secure as much cs as possible. 




 I was able to bait out a Dream Coil and a Warlock Golem with two separate illusion runes in the game I just played.

Felt so good. 




 The people at 6-7k aren't mentally handicapped.

There's your thread. 




 I cry every time I see someone midas rush her in the jungle in 3k. So useless. 




