 Reddit Detectives! Someone make this a thing. 




 I fear for the wedding cake (and guests) if I ever get married. Everyone else is sharing their sweet story of how they either did or did not smash cake in each other's faces. I would be telling the story of how SO put cake on my face and I subsequently started a food fight. 




 [Applicable?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DO1Q7F23DxM) 




 Really, only 9 months? I don't believe you.

edit: Just saw your correction. Don't mind me. 




 I'm too afraid to ask. 




 "Don't forget to drink your Ovaltine" 




 ITT: OP, get vaccinated ^seriously

Glad this cute little bat doesn't have a white nose :) 




 That escalated quickly. 




 Make a Twitter handle just for this and live tweet the whole thing. See how my followers you can get in such a short amount of time. 




 RemindMe! 24 hours "Follow up on note guy" 




 I second the idea of using a paintbrush as a knife in paintball. 




 The first time I had a reddit I treated it like Imgur and only looked at the funny pictures. So much valuable time lost... 




 Welcome, Brother Sharkbait! 




 I mean, if you're offering. 




 Seattle? 




 Guys, this one is a dead end. 




 I was on the mod team before the takeover. If you need any CSS help, or otherwise, let me know. 




 Agreed, and agreed. 




 Yes, that is mine. 




 Adventure Time! 




 If anyone was wondering, his resume is still downloadable (and three pages long). 




 Just spent 20 mins on that site, and downloaded the app. Not sure if I'm thankful or not. 




 Immediate sadness upon seeing the picture. 




 Immediate sadness upon seeing the picture. 




 Does it hurt? 




 I think this is my favorite non-serious response. 




 No, I got orangered from it. I think it only posts once per thread. 




 RemindMe! 12 hours "Check the button scavenger hunt." 




 First to find it! Keep going /u/unicode_suggestion!! 




 I think most Americans don't have the capacity to picture how much a ton actually is. Obviously we know how many pounds it's equal to, but we have nothing tangible to relate it to. When something is in pounds, it's easier to imagine how much weight that actually is. I.e. 2.4 mil lbs sounds a lot heavier than 1200 tons. Might just be me though. 




 Yey!! Do good work and find a cure! 




 Oh wow, it'll be almost like having pet bats! In the same way that having a bird feeder is like having pet birds. So not at all like having pet bats. I can pretend, dammit!! 




 The big question no one is asking: OP, is that you in the picture? 




 The wildlife people (whatever government agency does that) shut down many of the caves as far as allowing humans to enter. 




 My mom used to get mad at me because I'd use these to clean the walls and I'd end up taking half the paint off. 




 I would totally volunteer for that. 









 I just saw one of these roll down main street!! What is happening?? 




 Aayye June birthdays! I'm turning 26 next month. I too will be making a trip to the Lego store!! 




 Resurrecting this to see if you will post results soon. 




 Holding back tears at this news. His was the first concert I went to growing up, and I saw him live two times after that. Definitely one of my favorite artists, and men, of all time. 




 I'd also like to know where the admins stand on these types of subreddits. 




 My "TV" and "$2000 PC" and "other valuable items" that I don't actually own. Renters insurance covers break-ins, right? 




 Were the frogs still alive when you had to dissect them in biology? 




 Speaking from experience? 




 Dudebro is just like "yeah, cool, man. Whatever. Go away please" 




 Look, OP, while I appreciate the message, I don't come to reddit to feel good about my life. I come here to accept the fact that I am internet scum, surrounded by more internet scum. 




  Prove me wrong.

Easy. I'll just live forever. 




 RemindMe! 364 days "Check up on these guys: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/35l896/if_you_had_365_days_to_eat_a_standard_wooden_door/cr5ijxr" 




 Excuse me while I go vomit. 




 You, OP, have awful handwriting. Great LPT though! I always write out things I need to remember to take with me for the day. 




 This was three snares and a cymbal though. 




 My old boss would do that and it drove me crazy. He'd just hold ctrl and spam the C key. 




 And many of those types are really no big deal, show no symptoms, and go away on their own after a few months. 




 On reddit, avoiding talking to real people. 




 There are two kinds of people. 




 So glad I'm not the only one who noticed that. 




 I have to agree with this. She's always struck me as having not much going on in her head. Not discrediting her work by any means. 




 It's super awesome though when they only move about two inches and it's not enough and you're just standing there awkwardly shoving them. 




 I do this too, in crowds. I'm also very short and skinny, so moving through people is easy. I feel like most people don't even notice. 




 Just had the image of someone climbing the grocery shelves to get around slowpokes. Made me laugh. 




 You want me to believe that people visit Canada for vacation? 




 Somebody recruit the Headless Monks. 




 First of all, check your facts.

Second, the city going up in flames is an example of hive mind and has very little to do with the empathetic states of the individuals involved. 




 Not all of us are after money solely. There are many factors that drive an empathy-lacking individual to do certain things. If someone feels like they can take a particular life path because it will allow them control over other people in the way they desire, they're going to take that life path. 




 That's a good point I hadn't considered about the whole thing.

Them taking people specifically with lower IQs is the mark of a broken system. The people making decisions about a person's lawfulness should be intelligent. Otherwise they're all just sheep obeying a higher order they don't understand. 




 Doesn't that only work for words that are misspelled? 




 I'm wondering if we will see a trend of violent sociopaths becoming police as a cover. With the news covering nothing but the deaths at the hands of police, it seems like a logical move. I also wonder if maybe that trend has already started, which is why there are so many police acting this way. I find it hard to believe that a typical empath could end a person's life without just cause and be ok with it. This goes a little beyond just an abuse of power. Thoughts? 




 Are you one of those people who overcomplicates a^2 + b^2 = c^2 by adding "where a and b are two sides and c is the hypotenuse of a right triangle"? 




 I'm opposite. I could do calculus/diff eq problems all day long, but when it was applied to things in my physics class I couldn't understand it. I like the basic logic without the application. 




 That's a good point. In most other subjects there are a lot of answers that are up for interpretation, but in math it's mainly just right and wrong. I can see how this would make the class seem harder than the other subjects. 




 This is a great answer.

Through high school, I thought I was really bad at math because I was struggling to understand algebra, and I really didn't care about it. When I got to college and took calculus, I fell in love with it, and every advanced math class after. If they could make primary math as interesting as advanced math I think more people would be good at it. 




 I'm the same as you. I'm really good at math, but can't remember anything from history classes. All of our brains work differently. Some people get the math brain and some get the history brain (or whatever other brain). 




 Half Life 3 confirmed 




 It looks like gravy. 




 I wanna play. Test. 




 I own a non-profit that works with kids. We could really use some help. PM me for more info if you're interested, as I'm not inclined to put the personal details out there. 




