 It will probably be another full week before we get anything. 




 I personally think and hope it will arrive along with the first public beta. 




 I’m not having issues with the crashing of the control center tray, but on tray pull-up there is some lag and dropping of frames, which is annoying. So I suppose that I hope for the continued smoothing-out of interface elements as well as the continued improvement of battery life, wi-fi issues (for those who have them), and of course the addition of Apple Music. 




 They just seem to prefer releasing things on Tuesdays. 




 I never said I believe her every word, just that she does her homework and is a pretty swell analyzer. She seems intelligent and open-minded to me, so while I may not end up siding with her on everything, we still share a similar (and in my opinion healthy) distrust of government and mass media. Her striking analysis of Family Guy's "prediction" of Robin Williams' death is what really got to me. 




 Wow… that is extremely unsettling, not unlike looking over similar presentations regarding NSA data mining. Thank you. 




 Where is this? 




 Well, there are occurrences of what some have termed "predictive programming," which just a term for conditioning/priming the mass conscience using media laced with subconscious "clues" which are, as some believe, the Elite's way of "warning" the public of catastrophic events. A good example of such a phenomenon is Family Guy, a show perfect for subconscious brainwashing due to its off-the-wall, seemingly "random" nature, correctly "predicting" some major occurrences, such as the Boston Marathon bombings and Bruce Jenner's transition into Caitlyn. Saturday Night Live has also supposedly been used to push secret agendas (including that of the 9/11 attacks) before they had come to full fruition. If anyone else has more info/examples, I'd certainly appreciate it.

Source: Betsy McGee on YouTube. Please check out her channel; she's a bona fide, homework-doing badass. 




 Apologies for lacking any relevant or helpful information, but how are you 89,968 builds ahead of everyone else? 









 Over 300 under-the-hood fixes in addition to the new Hero wallpaper  lockscreen (which I personally dislike). 




