 You can't just use DICTIONARY definitions omg

 




 Back in my days, it was pretty embarassing to admit that you're doing something just because "it's cool". It was only cool if you had a better reasons for it than that.

Good ol' times of 2010
:/ 
 




 so...this implies there are people who think it isn't?

i...will have to think about that o.O  




 Maybe I'm embarassing myself now because it's obvious, but what the hell is a truscum? 




 I was not allowed to travel by long-distance trains by myself until I was 18 years old. Using trams in a big city, no problem, going to party with people they didn't even know, no problem, but no long-distance trains EVER. Not even when they I would get picked up at the station, not even with a reserved seat near to the staff, no, no fucking way.

I never fully understood that. Maybe it was just that they really didn't like my LDR boyfriend and it was a convenient way to make sure we would eventually break up, I don't know...  




 I don't really agree with that, it's a little harsh I Think...

However, the post made me think about something - I've read about a man who was claiming to be an alien and went to court over something (I think discrimination issues?) and the court rejected him because aliens have no right to sue on earth. Would that happen to otherkin too, if they claimed being discriminated?  




 Ok girl, listen up.

Not too long ago, I was basically in the same spot as you are. Even the same videogame. My boyfriend and I started playing together, and at the beginning, it was great. It was a fun game to play together, also with friends, and we both got into it quickly.

But he always had a little bit more time to play than I did. I had longer ways to school back when we were still in high school, my internet was often lagging out while his was good (we were LDR), so at some point, I had to face that he was not only a whole lot better at League than I was, but also that the amount of time he spendt on League was troubling. Insane, at some point. I remember, one time I visited him (remember, LDR, I traveled about ~ 400 km too see him for one weekend) he spent an entire day playing, without me. 

What I want to advice you is - speak to him. Speak but DON'T ACCUSE. If you say he neglegts you, he cheats on you, he is addicted, whatever comes to your mind - he will deny it, you will think you're right, and you'll end up nowhere. I did this a hundred million times, I feel. 

You need to tell him that you are worried about your relationship. Confront him about why he plays this game so much (honestly, wanting to become a pro player when having played for a few months is naive, at best. Most pros have been around since closed beta times) and where he thinks your relationship is going, how he thinks the relationship should continue; because I think he knows that a relationship will not continue forever when the couple isn't even meeting anymore.

I found it also helpful to find some new activities that you can do together. That might simply be a new videogame, or a sport, or watching a new show - anything, really. From what I've seen around my friends and boyfriend, people easily get attached to League and play a lot - but once a new fun activity comes around, they forget about it.

One last advice - I don't think you should expect him forever to act like in the beginning of the relationship. Of course, at the start, people hang around together all the time and care about nothing else, but League or not, this state is not forever. I agree that the amount you described is too much, but I don't think you can expect him to drop everything completly to go back to the relationship's start - that's not gonna happen. 



 




 Alright, I'll try that, thank you.
 




 I don't actually know. I used some of these online-calculators, but since I don't know my fathers exact income and taxes (and the documents with this are the missing ones), it doesn't really help me much. Furthermore, an advisor from the Studentenwerk my father talked to apparently said that online calculators are unreliable ... but well, that might as well have been a lie for convenience so i can't prove him wrong. 

I'll take a look at the loan thing though, thank you! 




 They only offer legal advice I think. When it comes to psychological or family problems, I don't think they have a service for that.  




 I can't wear toe socks. On my left foot, I have a very big toe instead of 2 smaller ones. 

Can't say that it affects my life too much though...
 




