 Music and reading. And a bit of writing from time to time. Writing helps me get things off my chest, music helps me explore the ways I'm feeling, and reading helps me articulate my thoughts. 




 Right off the bat, no matter how much a job pays, if it feels it isn't worth it, it isn't. The pay is not worth the damage it does to you. I'd like to tell you, so you can further understand that there are others who endure the same hell, day in and day out, 40 hours a week. For me, it's at minimum wage. I am currently seeking another job, but until then, I'm stuck at this one.

I work in customer service at a gas-station. Between two companies, I've been doing this for almost a decade. I have 40 hours scheduled, hours I'm given suck. Take this week I'm currently working -

Sat - 6a-2.5p
Sun - 9a-4.5p
Mon - 9a-4p
Tues - 10p-6am
Wed -10p-6am
Thurs/Fri off.

An hour shy of the 40, but because I've already been having trouble sleeping this last week, it's the two over-nights that I'm truly dreading. Because of the area I'm working in, those two nights will be spent split between my duties, and keeping tabs on the heroine addicts that hang out in the general vicinity of my station.

This is a job I hate. I've had a lot of interesting experiences throughout these years, and some very scary situations. Some examples of what I've gone through, just trying to do my job.

One night at my old station (company I worked for before this current one), I was getting ready to break down my register and go home. I was working the closing shift, so it was getting close to 2am. Doorbell chimes, and I look up - straight into the barrel of a gun. I was lucky - all he wanted was the money, so as soon as I handed it over, he was gone. That stayed with me for quite some time.

Several weeks ago, at the station I'm working at, we had a small car-fire out at one of our pumps. When I looked outside, all I could see was smoke. I freaked - but my immediate thought was 'No way I'm dying here, not for this company, not for this shitty pay'. So I hit the 'all-stop' button (turning off all the gas-pumps), grabbed the fire extinguisher, and did what I had to do. That was quite stressful.

Something that happens to me practically everyday at work stems from a policy my company has in place - everyone gets ID'ed for tobacco/alcohol, regardless of age or frequency of visits (we're a bit of a corner store for a lot of people, so we see some people multiple times a day). That was two years ago - and to this day, I still have people coming in and getting blatantly hostile with me over one simple question; "May I see your ID?". Because of that one damn question, I've been told to fuck off and die, I've been called a fascist asshole, I've been called a skinny little faggot, I've been told I'm going to be hunted down and murdered, and I've been told that people like me are soulless assholes.

And all I'm thinking here is, "I'm just trying to do my job". I hate it. I absolutely hate it. When I was at my worst, I'd get home and drink like a fish. I wasn't happy until I finished a 6-pack myself.

And I'm still stuck there. But I don't intend to be stuck there forever. Now, I mentioned I worked for two companies - I did manage to get out of that hostile environment, and into a -very- good paying government job. I ended up walking away from that job (for a lot of reasons), regardless of the fact that it paid well, and ended up back at a gas-station. Every day is SSDD; Same Shit, Different Day. Everyday. I lose track of what day it is, what week it is, much like you do! And it's hell. But I've finally reached a point where I'm done taking it.

I'd suggest you consider what I'm doing as an option for yourself - while you're working this job, when you do get home, do yourself a favor and start looking for another one. They're out there, all you have to do is look. There are websites dedicated to just that alone, for various lines of employment. Put together a resume, because that right there gives you a chance to put down your best attributes and personal strengths - right there, on paper, for you to actually visualize. Then go out there, get some job interviews lined up, and give it your all! Because you're worth more than the 40-hour-grindstone! We all are! I hope this helps, even if in some small way.  




 I'd still like to encourage you to speak to a doctor - and be up-front with them that you are -not- interested in medications. There are other ways to manage your depression without meds. Writing helped me for the longest time before I got lazy about it. Music helped me for the longest time before I lost interest in it. Drawing helped me in a lot of ways, but it's not something I do often because I honestly think I'm horrible at it - but my point is, there are other ways to help, without medications. But go and talk to a doctor and see what other options they may have to offer. Glad I could help in some small way. And whenever you feel like you're down in a dark place, come back here and post again. It may take hours, but I honestly believe that, if not me, someone else will notice and come to your aid. 




 That's just it - I didn't pick my strongest attribute. I'm good at interacting with people in person, regardless of what may be going on in my head. And I do not consider myself a people person. Interaction in person, for me, is draining. But because I'm good at interacting with people, I excel at customer service. And I -hate- working customer service - at least where I'm doing it now. 




 Do it! Do it, do it, do it! For the longest time, I kept the darkest of my thoughts and emotions to myself. This sub has changed that in a lot of ways. Not only have I been opening up to other people, but other people have opened up to me, and it's helped - not only them, but myself.

And for everyone else looking for friends - post! Post what you're going through, post your experiences, and see where it goes from there. A lot of people here are willing to help you through the storm to the safety of a calm port. And I'm glad Digital now counts himself among them!  




 Good - going to /PTSD is a step in a good direction, and I hope someone there can help you. And I truly hope that this storm passes for you. Good luck, and take care. 




 Don't ever feel like you're annoying anyone with how you feel and what you're thinking - especially when you bring it here. I'm with Seeing_Grey here, the anonymity does wonders. And I can relate to how you feel - I've had a few friends I've brought my darkest thoughts to, and they've done one of two things to me; they didn't care (or care as much as I thought they would) or even worse, they tried to turn it into a competition. It isn't. What you've learned from these friends who can't support you is that you can't trust them to have your best interests in mind. So I would like to encourage you to come to us, here in /r/depression, and open up. You're safe, you're not annoying anyone, and you can learn a lot from not only the responses you get to your situation, but by lurking the sub to see what other people have been through. You're not alone in this. None of us are. That's what drew, at least me, here. The feeling that I can open up with what I've been through, and that there are people who are at least willing to listen. Again - you're not alone. At the very least, when you feel isolated from your friends, you still have us. We may be as anonymous as you, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. 




 I'd like to add this - it's not your fault. It's not like you took your depression, baked it into a cake and fed it to your brother. You didn't do this to him. What your mother said is harsh - and /r/raisedbynarcissists may be a good sub to explore other peoples stories of what they went through, and bringing your thoughts and emotions here for when you're feeling down because of your depression. 




 Thirded. 




