 My parents told me I exist because my dad "sucks at knowing when to stop."

I guess they were referencing pulling out. 




 My boyfriend is 29 and still has it nearly every morning. Doesn't matter how often we have sex. 




 I was 22. Just over a year. 




 My boyfriend looks at Gonewild. I don't really care. 




 Every day. I love bathing/showering. 




 I call my cat a yellow bastard, an orange bastard, and a furry bastard. 




 I get that too. Dry humor. 




 That I'm quiet and don't smile. Yeah, years of depression will do that to you. 




 It turns out to be true, but isn't really relevant to today's unions.

Also, even then unions back in the day did far more good, even considering fucking up universal healthcare chances. 




 I'm pretty damn liberal, and even I admit this. 




 Sadly, I doubt that. 




 I'm poor, but hope to be middle class someday.

I'd happily pay the tax rates Scandinavian people pay for a society like theirs. 




  Unions are the main reason the U.S. didnt adopt universal healthcare like the rest of the developed world decades ago, because those fuckers thought it would take away from their "collective bargaining power."

Going to need a citation for that. 




 That's very much in debate by scientists. 




 Whether or not you understand pain has nothing to do with how well you can feel it and the suffering you go through. 




 Nope, that website doesn't exist either. 




 Her injury happened years ago and she isn't in pain now. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Are fish not animals? 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 The brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 I don't have any emotional attachment to you. Can I torture you? 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 The brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain. 




 I think the ban on gendered slurs is the stupidest fucking thing. 




 Don't really want to go into detail, as people from real life know my username. 




 Not really, since the majority of military roles aren't combat. 




 I don't give a shit because sports suck. 




 Did't they call their families to say goodbye and told them what they were going to do? 




 More gay people just started coming out. Before that they stayed closeted.  




 Same. It doesn't help that I have horrible depression and anxiety and tend to ruminate a lot. 




 Math. You'd be amazed how bad I am at it.

Whistle. 




 In the middle of the most traumatizing period of my life. Since October. Don't know if it'll ever end, even with therapy. 




 Since custody is more often awarded to mothers, that skews that numbers quite a bit. If custody was awarded to fathers most of the time despite the father's ability to care for the child being non-existent, we'd end up with dead kids then too.

The best thing to do would be to award joint custody in every possible situation unless one parent is clearly irresponsible. 




 Could Indian laws be different? 




 I personally believed Cosby did it, but as we never had any definite proof, I never called for his head.

I last heard Cosby's lawyers said the women willingly took them, not the victims. 




 https://sites.udel.edu/thereview/2014/10/12/dr-jill-mcdevitt-famed-sexologist-comes-to-campus-talks-virgins-and-sluts/

This is as close as I could get, and even that's almost nothing. 




 Funny, I don't remember too many people saying, "These women are lying." I remember them saying, "I wasn't there, so I don't know what happened."

For the record, I believed Cosby did it, but as we didn't have definite proof, I never called for his head. Now that he's admitted it, try him. 




 I was talking about the government flying the flag, not private citizens acting like idiots and committing crimes. 




 They're bombing clinics to cause fear and panic among the people who work and go there.

Using violence to cause panic and fear is the damn definition of terrorism. 




 We've actually been waiting since the 1960s.

The Confederate flag didn't go up until the south decided they wanted to protest the civil rights movement. 




 Reasons for risking life and limb varied, but they usually came down to four fundamentals: uphold state sovereignty, regional duty, group solidarity and protection of home and family.

Except their constitution made it illegal to ban slavery in any state, so there goes state sovereignty, regional duty, etc. Say one day Alabama decides they don't want slavery anymore. Too bad, they can't ban it. Where's state's rights now?

The notion that the average Confederate waged war to preserve slavery is a tenuous one at best. Only 6 percent of Southerners owned slaves, and 3 percent of those owned the majority. Recruits themselves referred to the war as "a rich man's war and a poor man's fight."

Data from the 1860 census shows us that 47% of the entire lower south, and 29% of the upper south consisted of slaves. That's a lot of people. One third of southern households owned at least one slave. Mississippi and South Carolina boasted bigger numbers. It was almost 1/2 of households there. 

I think the "rich man's war and poor man's fight" comes from the fact that it was the rich that made their living on slavery. Your average household just had a slave or two to do daily chores. Households would just have to do their own housework if slavery was lost, but rich plantations would lose their entire way of life. And of course, the rich could pay for someone to fight for him. A poor man could not. 




 Have you read the declaration of sucession by any of the states? They came right out and stated it was about slavery. Texas even talked about how the "negros" were inferior and being beneath the whites was their natural place.

The Confederate Constitution also banned any state from outlawing slavery, so there goes state's rights. 




 PG? Damn it. There's no reason why it shouldn't have been rated R. The books were for kids, but everyone who grew up with them are adults now. Make it really disturbing! 




 This sort of thing is why some students should be allowed on the school board. 

"You're teaching us BS, stop it." 




 It was probably from the 1860 consensus. It was very common for households to have a few slaves.

It was mostly the rich though that had owned the plantations and hundreds/thousands of slaves to make their fortune. That's where the rich/poor divide comes from.

The Confederate Constitution also made it illegal for states to outlaw slavery. So much for state sovereignty.  




 The Confederate Constitution made it illegal for any confederate state to outlaw slavery.

It was all about slavery. 




 True, but it isn't the Democrats who have tried the Southern Strategy since then. That's the Republicans. 




 Have you ever read any of the states' declaration of secession? 

They make it pretty clear it was slavery. Texas even goes as far as to say blacks are naturally inferior and belong under the power of white people. 




 This is how we get people who deny the war was about slavery. 




 Spacefm doesn't work for me. It gives me a blue page that's more or less blank. 




 People need to learn not to touch wildlife unless they're in danger. And even in that case notify your local department of natural resources if you can instead of touching them yourself. 




 I don't know why anyone would let themselves be put into the situation where they have more than one small child at a time. Except for twins or something, of course.

Having one sounds difficult enough. 




 I know there are sites aplenty for the different weeks, but I'm looking for something more detailed. Maybe showing half weeks or even day to day.

I myself am not pregnant, this is just for a project. Thanks! 




 When reasonable, yes. Reasonable restrictions on rights aren't trampling them. 




  say publicly that you'd like to see the president hung etc

I think you are allowed to say this. You just aren't allowed to say you're going to hang him or say someone else should hang him.

But since you think we should be allowed to say whatever we want, what should happen if someone knowingly accuses an innocent man of molesting a child, and an angry mob kills said man? Should the one who knowingly falsely accused him be punished? If so, that goes against your free speech ideals. That's slander. 




 Knives and chains would still kill less people. 




 You already compromised on the Bill of Rights.

You can't slander or libel. There's free speech and freedom of the press. You usually need a permit for protesting or assembling in public. There's freedom of assembly.

All of these are restrictions on the Bill of Rights. 




 So which of Bernie's proposed solutions would stop you from getting a gun for protection provided you can pass a background check? 




 Except gangs would get into a lot more trouble for having guns, which puts them in prison longer. 




 Was making slander illegal ripping up constitutional rights too? After all, free speech.

Reasonable limits on rights isn't ripping them up. 




  I guess I shouldn't be surprised that a weapon is more important to you people than free healthcare, education and higher minimum wage

This is America. We have a gun-shaped hole in our brains. 




 Are you allowed to slander someone? No. That's a restriction on the 1st amendment.

There's already balance in constitutional amendments like this. 




 And they can be arrested and thrown in jail when they're caught. 




 Are you allowed to slander someone? No. So there's already restrictions on the bill of rights. 




 This goes for men and women. If someone won't get off you, they're assaulting you. 




 My boyfriend has been doing this since we began dating (2.5 years) and it hasn't killed our sex life.

We still have sex that's enjoyable for me as well.  




 Usually let him do me really quick so I can roll over and go to sleep in peace.

My boyfriend is good at pestering me about it until I just decide to shut him up. 




 And they weren't considered the property of another person, for another thing.

Not sure what you think this has to do with the argument though. What does child labor in the north have to do with states admitting slavery is why they were seceding?  




 Children were paid for their work (however little) and you weren't allowed to kill them, for one. 




 No, they shouldn't. But they do. So now what? Shove them back in? 




 And yet you don't need to be well disciplined or trained to have a gun (which would be regulation), so we aren't even following that ruling. 




 Many states admitted it was about slavery when succeeding from the union. Texas even went as far as claiming black people were inferior and thus their natural position was under the foot of white people. 




 If someone is getting parental leave, the time for abortion has passed. 




 And the people who already have clearly just need to shove them back into the mother's cootch. 




 Most other countries are capitalistic as well. Having to provide benefits to the people who work for you to keep your company profitable and working isn't mutually exclusive with capitalism.  




 I was told not to drink soda or drink from a straw until 24 hours had passed after my surgery. But my boyfriend was told not to do these things for a week after his were done.

The procedure was Friday. Do you think I'd be okay to drink from a straw or drink soda yet? 




 You made a claim with nothing to back it up. How do you know "well regulated" doesn't actually mean regulated in a government document, but "well-maintained"?

In fact, the word "regulate" comes from the Latin *regulatus*, which means "to control by rule." 

It's been known to mean "to govern by restriction" since the early 1600s.
 




 The original documents of the Confederacy show they were going to war for slavery, not because they thought the federal government was over-reaching.

Our position is thoroughly identified with the institution of slavery — the greatest material interest of the world … a blow at slavery is a blow at commerce and civilization." -Mississippi

"In the State of New York even the right of transit for a slave has been denied by her tribunals..." South Carolina (talking about how owners weren't permitted to bring their slaves with them into New York)

"We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States, and of the confederacy itself, were established exclusively by the white race, for themselves and their posterity; that the African race had no agency in their establishment; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race, and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable." -Texas

 




 Explain. 




  It's actually pretty simple:
 Someone that causes there to be more guns: pro-gun.
 Someone that causes there to be less guns: anti-gun.

There's fewer varieties. Manufacturers are making as many individual guns as they ever have, and Sanders hasn't stood in the way of that. You're acting like there's guns missing because there weren't assault weapons. 




 His voting record on guns doesn't bear out that he's pretending on this issue. 




 When it comes to a war about a state's right to keep members of a certain race as property, yes, it is. Surprise, surprise.

People who insist the war was about states' rights never mention exactly what that right was, because they know what it was. 




 The Confederate flag was created for an army that was fighting solely to keep human beings as property. It didn't exist until they created it specifically for the purpose. 




 This would be like if regions of Germany still insisted on flying the Nazi flag and said, "Hate Jews? Nah, we're just celebrating our heritage." 




 I like how people insist it was about states' rights but their train of thought stops at exactly what right that was. 




 the people fought for states rights.

...states' rights to keep slaves. 




 No one is saying idiots can't fly the flag on their own personal property. 




  The issue was about liberty and self determination.

Unless you were someone's property.

IF it was solely about slavery, we would not have needed the civil rights movement, and or we would have shipped the former slaves over to africa to be with their people.

Explain? 




 Well, they're right.

An economy based in slavery. 




 and you don't like that, don't work for them.

So you'll be paying for everyone to survive while they pass up employers they don't want to work for? Because a lot of people have little choice in who they work for. 




 Most of those countries don't make the employers pay the full amount. It's a government program. 




 I wouldn't move here either. 




 Yes. Every single other country has leave. America is 1 of 2 that doesn't. 




 Parents get the time off so their child can get the attention they need. Babies that are very young need a lot of care.

The first issue is that people see children as someone's burden instead of an investment in the future. Having well cared for children is important for a society. 




 The first issue here is that we look at children as someone's burden instead of an investment in the future. 




 Obviously the answer is to shove the child back into the mother's cootch. 




 Many families would not be able to stay afloat with one parent quitting their job. 




 So all countries except the USA and Papua New Guinea are socialist republics? 




 I'm not sure you know what propaganda is. 




 When I was around 19, my wisdom teeth began coming in. They hurt, but that's normal. Except it became obvious after awhile they were impacted. I read online that if they're painful for more than 6 months, they're likely impacted and it's time to have them removed.

When I told my mom this, she rolled her eyes and said, "They'll come in. Believe me, your mouth is big enough." That's right. She thought the fact that I was mouthy had anything to do with whether or not there was room for my wisdom teeth.

Well, I knew they were impacted, but I was still in high school at this point and didn't work, so it wasn't like I could pay to have them taken out. Two years passed. I had various infections where my teeth were trying to come in and lots of swelling, but they always went away at some point and I was still having trouble finding a job, so I just left them there. I tried to tell my mom how much trouble they were causing me, but she kept saying wisdom teeth are painful and she wasn't paying to have them removed when "nothing was wrong."

Well, one day three of them got infected at once. The pain was so intense that I couldn't so much as move my tongue without pain radiating from my teeth to my ears to my throat. I drooled into a towel instead of swallowing my saliva. It's to this day the worst pain I've ever felt.

At this time my dad took me to the dentist, FINALLY. Mom was still insisting this was normal, BTW. The dentist was shocked to see how long we let the problem go without seeing anyone about it. The removal was painful as hell (they couldn't get the infection to go away before operating, so they had to do it while my gums were inflamed). 

The dentist said my last remaining wisdom tooth wasn't impacted and it would come in. He turned out to be wrong, but at least I had 3 of the 4 removed.

Who doesn't mind seeing their kid in extreme pain to save on dentist bills? That's my mother! 




 The entire winter is double blanket month for me even when the furnace is working. 




 I remember getting excited when I could smell the Spam was dad was frying! 




 My sister and I didn't go to the doctor nearly as much as we should have when we were little. Too expensive.

And seeing a dentist? Your tooth better be literally killing you. 




 Food stamps? 




 Isn't it $250K? 




 This is my boyfriend's foot. He's 29, 5'8, about 190 lbs.

Several hours ago he kicked his foot against the corner of a cabinet. This is how it looks now. He's going to see a doc tomorrow if it doesn't get better, but how does it look now?

http://i.imgur.com/WFWZetT.png

http://i.imgur.com/yRQnDLp.png

 




 I had no idea who Victoria was until 2 minutes ago. 




 Penpal! It's quite long but quite good. 




 She's been treated for depression since she was a kid. 




 They've been treating her for years, and she's done. 




 For fuck's sake.

That's all I can say about that. 




 Good rule of thumb: Take ma'am out of your vocabulary.  




 Miss is actually anyone who isn't married. Or used to be, anyway. 




 When I heard someone refer to me as "the woman at the desk" at work I was shocked. I still think of myself as a girl! 




 Miss. 




 He wasn't saying, "You imagined it," he was disagreeing that the event was rape. 




 Never understood the appeal of Mario. 




 Disagreeing that someone was raped years ago isn't intentionally trying to make someone doubt their perceptions or memory. 




 17 is past the age of consent in many places. 




 It isn't on request because it isn't given out to anyone who wants it. A team of doctors have to agree it's in their best interests.

And why can't you take someone seriously because they don't fear death? 




 It isn't on request. Patients who want to die this way are monitored and assessed before given the go ahead. 




