 Firstly, happy birthday!

My tip for these things is to try set up your day so that it is harder to not do these things than it is to do them. For example, don't aim to write, say, two pages per day in your journal, aim to write *something* in your journal, even if it is just a couple of lines capturing the essence of your day. Similarly, be happy if you can get yourself to meditate for five minutes, or do a bit of jump rope, rather than being unhappy because you didn't run for an hour or meditate all evening. Personally, and from what I have read of other peoples' experiences, you're probably less likely to stick to something when you have set yourself a huge amount to do each day, it's more likely that you'll just drop it all together, maybe picking it back up again a few weeks or months later when you feel enthusiastic, only to drop it again after a matter of days.

Starting with just *something* is a great way to build a maintainable habit :3 




 https://www.facebook.com/TheSimpsonsArt 
This guy, he makes our world just that little bit brighter :3

Edit: *danker 




 Really though, I wouldn't consider myself particularly large in the chest department yet there are a lot of looks that just don't 'hang' as well on a chesty frame as a smaller busted frame that I can't wear. It really is an actual annoyance that truly does limit your clothing options. Plus, boob size in and of itself isn't really something you can brag about, imo, I think boob, uh niceness(?) is often not directly related to boob size, but that might just be my tastes. 




 The dream. 




 I bought couple of this guy's posters and it was kinda awkward when they arrived at my parents' house and my Mum was all "what's in the poster tube, train_subject3902?"
Plus my bf doesn't want them up in our house so it's like, really hard being surrounded by basics, yaknow? 




 Fucking hell. 




 - I want so badly to get one of the PhD projects I have applied for, and then funding for said project. So far things have gone well (knock on wood) and I've worked hard on my applications, research proposals etc. 
- I also need to feel better about knowing that ultimately the decision is out of my hands, and to know that I'll be ok if I don't end up being able to start a PhD this September. Basically just be more chill in general with things that may or may not happen, not holding my breath and missing out on the present.

- Get back in to drawing, crafting etc., not worry about producing stuff that is 'good enough', just enjoying it for the reasons I did when I was a kid/teenager 




 Actually, the helmets have a patch of velcro inside for this very reason, which is oddly reassuring to know 




 Dear God there's a section where the discussion just breaks down into an awkward childfree flirting/pairing off *shudders*

Disclaimer: You know what, I may not have kids either, but I sure as hell don't consider that to be some massive achievement, nor do I feel the need to spend my 20s circlejerking on the internet about how much kids apparently ruin your life 




 Man how I wish my pigs were this chill about getting their nails clipped :p 




 Mine can't stand it, they are happy enough sitting on my lap, or being petted on their terms, but not being picked up. One of mine in particular will make such a loud squeaky protest and wriggle all over the place whenever I do so. So I generally avoid doing it unless I have to; usually I will just give them a quick pick up to give them a look over each day and leave it at that if I can. 

From what I can tell from my own pigs and what I've read of other peoples' experiences, they generally stay this way for the most part, regardless of how tame they eventually get. My pigs will happily run up to me when they are out for floor time or whatever, and will let me feed and pet them by hand, but the second I try to pick them up they scarper.

One piece of advice I can give is to try and pick them up by way of some sort of intermediate item between your hand and the pig. For example, try ushering them into a box or a piggie snug or whatever you have, and then carefully lift that with them inside. They tend to find that much less stressful.

TL:DR, don't worry about it, it's pretty normal for them to dislike being picked up :) 




 I wish 




 It's true, all other men are terrible yoloswagfags apart from you, I've been so blind!
Thank you kind sir, dumping my current bf right now

Edit: *tips lady fedora* 




 btw am a grill XDDD 




 "Iiiiiii'm Mamrie Hart" ...I hate myself and my terrible Youtube viewing habits 




 Totally would listen :) 




 Purple Smart,
Yellow Quiet,
Tree Kicker,
Song Smile,
Squiggly Tail,
Speedy Cloud 

:3 




 Came here to post this quote. My absolute favourite :3 




 Sadly, not many people in developing countries have the option to know what their child will be like before it is born. I think we take a lot of our medical care for granted, in many wealthy countries it is a given pretty much that you'll be able to have multiple scans and so on before bringing your baby to term. For all we know this girls'  parents had no idea what sort of condition their child would be born in... 




 God it's bad enough they have to work themselves and each other up into a paranoid bitter frenzy online, why they gotta hate on other people who are actually enjoying their own sex lives? 




 It's unfair that you got downvoted for that, good for you for deleting them, buddy :) 




 My boyfriend makes fun of me all the time because of my "pocket satsumas", and all the fruit I have stashed on my person. Perhaps there are many of us ^I ^hope ^so, ^^we ^^healthy ^^^as ^^^fuck 




 Why? 




 Aww she's so adorable. Grats on your new piggie, do you have any plans to get her a cagemate or two? Guinea pigs are happiest when they have at least one other buddy to live with.

As for the drinking thing, I'd just leave her with the option to have both water sources for now. What with moving to a new home and everything she's probably got enough changes to deal with for the time being. In the meantime just listen out for the sound of her drinking from the bottle (it tends to be noisy enough for me to hear from another room) or look out to see if she uses it, or just keep an eye on the water level. 

There's no real need for her to use a bottle over a bowl if she refuses to use the bottle, however, so I wouldn't worry too much. Best of luck :) 




 I'm going to need this as a motivational wallpaper 




 My God I hope I never have to squeeze out one that big... 




 Such a simple idea, love it. Best of luck :) 




 Seconded, coming out is stressful and to be having that kind of reaction, it must be pretty tough. I know it probably seems like empty reassurance to say things like "well if they treat you like this over something like that then screw them" because, well, it doesn't make things any less lonely for you. But you sit tight there and just know that you've done literally nothing wrong, k? :) 




 Again from me over here I've got nothing but sympathy, it feels horrible to be uncomfortable and insecure about your body, or part of it. And, just like society places horrible pressure on women to look attractive, I do think it's sad that small peenies are *sometimes* the butt of a few jokes here and there.

But I have to admit that, as someone who has dated guys with a range of penis sizes, I JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT PENIS SIZE. I'm also willing to bet that the majority of women don't either. Apart from the ones that are basically female versions of TRPers. Seriously, using your own bodily insecurities as fuel for a bitterness and AWALT rant, that is truly some next level self-improvement, nice job, guys /s

 




 In all serious if you're having feelings of harming yourself, please consider talking to someone you feel comfortable doing so with. If you don't feel like sharing those feelings with someone close to you then please contact a helpline or something.  




 Hear hear, all the guys in my friendship groups who subscribe to TRPer-esque beliefs are generally under confident, and it's a big shame. I too am finding it hard to jerk anymore. These guys are just sad, angry, and vulnerable, and need to know that the world is, for the most part, not a scary and exploitative place.

Edit: missed-out letter 




 Yes, I think I prefer this quote :) 




 Wasn't this in the extended version? I only have the extended dvds so I'm not sure what's in the regular versions and what isn't anymore 




 I think that must be part of what makes it so insidious for a lot of men who are unsure about themselves and their masculinity. If you have some group like TRP telling you what it means to be a man, and you feel insecure about your masculinity to begin with, of course you're going to want to conform to that. Then if you add on top of that the fact that anyone who expresses doubts is met with "you only feel doubts because that's what the nasty feeeemales and matriarchy have made you think" it must be so confusing. Kind of like in an overly religious community when you have doubts but have been told to ignore them because they were just put there by the devil. Or whatever. 




 All hail Chad. His inclusion wasn't necessary at all, why do they always have to illustrate their point with these ridiculous stories? Like, his entire post could basically just be: "sometimes I worry that a woman could make a false rape claim out of spite, perhaps even over something as trivial as the sex being bad". Sure it would be a fucking ridiculous worry to have, but I could maybe even sympathise with someone who'd read so much hate and bullshit online that this was their genuine fear. 




 When I first started reading TRP stuff it genuinely scared me but now it honestly doesn't bother me so much. These people can't mean these things that they say, it's just a platform for them to sound off when they're feeling moody, and the things they have been coming out with lately have just been getting more and more insane. No one in their right mind could type that out of pure sincerity and if they do (truly believe what they are saying), well, there are also people on the internet who believe we are being ruled by lizard men, and I'm not about to get upset over them either.

But no, for reals, I don't think these people inhabit the same social world that everyone else does...

 




 Love it! This really brightened my morning, keep up the great work; I can't wait to see you really get into the swing of things 




 This would actually be a decent Kickstarter idea for getting the band going, plus I would love one too :3 




  modern women have been brainwashed to believe that male extramarital sex is an indication of lack of commitment

 this makes sense since this is a real threat to her husband's commitment to her

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHICH ONE IS IT?! 




 These people are broken :( 




 This genuinely spooks me 




 Yes! Also I've seen plenty of comments about how, "ok, if you want to breastfeed in public at least don't do it in an ostentatious manner"

1) I have never seen a woman whip out her boobs in anything other than a "right let's get this job done" kind of way. Because that's what feeding a baby is, a repetitive job you need to do so many times a day. I'm pretty sure most breastfeeding mothers are, like all parents of young children, more concerned with just getting through a bunch of childcare and other tasks so they can get on with their day. There is, and never has been anything glamarous and "teehee, everyone look at my tits" about breastfeeding.

2) As an owner of a pair of female breasts, I don't *want* strangers to look at them in public, and I'm pretty sure that's not going to change if I ever start lactating. I don't understand this fear some people have that "oh no, she's going to get her boobs right out and force us all to look right at them!", don't these people realise that most women in that situation would rather be discrete? Even so, fucks sake, if you see a nipple out in public, big fucking deal, right?

So, yes, what you said, amen.

/rant 




 I'm not sure if you have a particular style in mind but I've found this website to be a great resource for learning Gregg shorthand

http://gregg.angelfishy.net/anunit01.shtml 




 Right. Except it's obvious here that's she's done far more than simply putting on a Speedo and dying her hair. A lot of effort goes into recreating costumes and I honestly don't see why this post is getting such passionate negative responses (though thankfully only from a couple of people) 




 I do this! Glad to hear someone else thinks it's good advice and not just paranoia :p 




 Oh wow, I didn't realise just how much trouble Frank Herbert had trying to get published (apologies for being such a dirty casual :p). That's pretty inspiring in a way, thank goodness he got published in the end... 




 I got my guinea pigs just at the start of summer when I was still living in Edinburgh. For those familiar with the city, basically every year there is a huge arts, comedy, literature, etc. festival that runs for many weeks in the summer. Almost every evening during this there are fireworks set off from the castle.

My piggies seemed to handle them ok, which was great considering that my flat was fairly central and so the fireworks were pretty loud for us. Maybe they'd be a bit startled by the first one each evening and scoot back into their hut, but they didn't seem anymore bothered than they would be say, if someone were to come into the room without warning. Keep an eye on them but so long as they have someplace to hide and feel safe should they need it, I'd say don't worry too much. :3 




 I'd say food colouring would probably be a safe bet. Otherwise anything 'child friendly' such as powder paint, that can be safely ingested 




 Aww. May I ask how the introduction went? My boyfriend is very set on the idea of getting a kitten some time in the new year but we're a little unsure about how the kitten/guinea pig relationship will play out. 




 Ahaha, I came straight to this sub to post this very video :p Great minds think alike and all that... 




 As someone who has spent the last year in Edinburgh constantly hearing it pronounced 'Edinboro' by American tourists, I can confirm this. 




 Oh shit guise all of RP is tru what have we done?! /s 




 Recently I've been getting into mindfulness and shit, and all that kind of 'self-improvement' stuff. Mostly I started it to try improve my concentration, and other very functional reasons like that.

If anything one of the unlooked-for effects has been that I feel much calmer and accepting of other people, more empathetic and trusting... 

Basically what I'm trying to say is that I've clearly fucked up here and am obviously not doing self-improvement right.
Can someone please tell me how to reverse this and start improving myself through hate?

Plz k thanx guys xxx 




  Reality

Lel. 




 I don't use Tumblr and am not very in the loop about what is and what isn't Tumblr-esque so yeah, maybe there are more of those sort of jokes there than on Reddit...? ^my ^^fucking ^^^bad ^^^^I ^^^^^guess...? 




 THIS HAPPENED! :D :D :D 




 Oh hey some of this research was done at my undergrad uni. I took a module by one of the main Face Lab researchers on facial attractiveness that was really interesting, not least of all because I do occasionally see TRPers misunderstanding a couple of his papers (see: "she is so going to cheat on you when she's ovulating" discussions). But yes, basically 'biotruths' are not something you want to live your life worrying about. The TL:DR of it is that individual humans may be born with certain shared tendencies to find certain features attractive, but primarily we are a species that develops mostly in terms of our own personal experiences, the family and people we grow up around, the type of environment in which we live... Basically we are an adaptive species, and like how we are not born knowing a specific language or culture, but rather with the ability to learn these things based on our formative experiences, so too it is with sexual attraction. Way more efficient and adaptable, right?

Anyway, I highly recommend you guys read "*In Your Face*" if you're interested in learning more about human attraction to faces, how we process faces, all that stuff. It's a very enjoyable and accessible book, as all good pop sci should be :3 




 In all seriousness this is something that has bothered me for a while. I would consider myself fairly traditionally, conventionally feminine looking, I guess, but many men and boys DO like women of all kinds. Hairyness, short hair, butch characteristics of one kind or another, whatever. Basically, you name it and someone out there is attracted to it, no matter how 'unconventional'.

However, TRP philosophy teaches men that it's not ok to like something that might not be considered 'conventional', or that it is shameful, or betrays their low alfafaness. If I ever have a son I want him to feel comfortable liking whatever aesthetics he likes in other people, not to be shamed into feeling like he can only be attracted to a very narrowly defined 'type' of woman or man. If he just so happens to find only conventionally feminine women attractive, well, good for him, but I'll be damned if a bunch of bitter creeps on the internet shame him into feeling bad about his tastes.

It's honestly as though TRPers are scared that women are one day going to think "aww man, without all these societal pressures on me to look good I better stop taking care of my body, stop shaving and then force men who don't find me attractive to have sex with me. They won't be able to say no or I'll just cry misogyny, MWAHAHAH!"  




 Bit rich coming from Reddit, the spiritual home of all "white girls/women/white women with this particular type of haircut/horsey girls/moms be like..." jokes... 




 Haha, oh wow yes that's it! Gosh it even has Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing in it...in fairness my knowledge of horror movies is crazy weak. Thanks :D

Edit: and yes, I am currently searching through it on youtube for the guinea pig part, although maybe I'm remembering that from something else, it was a very minor detail... 




 I have this dim memory of one time seeing an oldish film on tv when I was little, it's just been bothering me recently because I have no idea what exactly went on in it and what it was called. As an adult it'd be cool to finally know what the hell this half-remembered movie was. I have no idea if it's some really popular story I for some reason haven't heard of, or some obscure B movie that barely anyone ever saw, but hopefully someone will be able to help me out here.


I think it was set in the Victorian or Edwardian period, though I could be wrong. From what I recall, the main character is a scientist who somehow comes into possession of a corpse. For whatever reason, this corpse comes back to life when reanimated, maybe the scientist put some crazy life-giving elixir on it, no idea.

One detail I'm sure I remember is that the corpse somehow falls out of a window and into a water trough, thereby becoming completely soaked and, for some reason, murderously dangerous.
Not sure how exactly the film resolves itself. 

Bonus info: at one point I'm sure I remember the scientist being in his dark lab and having a cage of guinea pigs that he was exposing to a flashing light...?

Hopefully this film actually happened and isn't just the product of my messed up child's brain. Any ideas? 




 I like this approach and could definitely do with adopting it myself. 

I especially like it because it means that if I don't like a book, *it remains unread* and so there's still that chance that some time down the line I might think "hey maybe I'll give it a go again" and find that, coming at it at a different time or from a different perspective, I might still have a chance to 'click' with it in a way I wouldn't have on the first reading. Much better than battling through it joylessly and then forever thinking "yeah, I read that book, it was suck". 




 The top one has the face of a tiny kangaroo! :3 




 The thing is I literally cannot think of any other message this stock photo could be intended to convey than the one OP gave it in its caption, stock photographers are getting crazy specific... 




 This is Reddit, people here joke all day long about females and children getting raped, because "sheesh can't you take a bit of off-colour humour?!". Make one joke about men getting raped and you're public enemy number one.

Not passing any judgement on that, just saying that's pretty much how things normally go in the main subs. 




 That's cool about the interview, best of luck :)

I'm in the middle of a bunch of job applications and interviews myself, not exactly enjoying it :p but I need money and something to do for this year in between finishing my masters degree and hopefully starting a PhD next September. So much uncertainty.

Any chance we could see your photography website? I could do with a little break and something cool to look at :) 




