 I fell for the "It will never happen again" ...3 times 




 Because I was so down and deadbeat on myself for not being good enough, I didn't think anybody else in the world would want me 




 I hope not! 




 Yogscast and Utorak007 




 Tinder? 




 I like being slightly tipsy and just feeling mellowed out wathing TV. Also, I drink to fit in socially, It is Ireland, after all 




 Because I'm arrogant, depressed and not cool enough 




 Oh my god, that's incredible 




 Strangely, When I was told I was clinically depressed; I felt an incredible relief in that I now knew what was going on with my body. And I could accept this frustrating 'I have everything I need why am I not happy' thought 




 Not downvote this post 




 Your friend is 100% right  




 Whats your opinion on galway United being disbanded and Galway FC being created? 




 I am not a smart man 




 I grew up with 2 sisters, likewise, I loved Pretty Little Liars and the Lizzie McGuire show 




 Damn those are some warty toads 




 Why they didnt just ride the gryffins to Mount Doom in LOTR 




 Why the T-1000 in terminator 2 couldnt melt into the earth and then become everything in the world 




 Why Arnold and T-1000 used to brawl in Terminator 2 when they knew damn well they couldn't kill each other 




 "It's better to burn out than fade away" *last words of a suicide bomber* 




 /r/im14andthisisfunny 




 No it's strictly a commercial marketing plan to sell music when big rappers get pulled in to a song. $$$ 




 Is that Groot? 




 on mobile. disappoint. 




 *at least* 




 I just took a screenshot that's how I got it 









 Hunger Games MMO, Gameplay would be so much fun 




 Half Life 3 
*stares off into distance, "some day"* 




 Raw tomatoes, They taste awful to me. And Mushrooms, the texture makes me want to vomit 




 Pick a short film, That way you might see the ending early if we were to crash *winks* 




 Take a few screws out of your pocket and keep them in your closed fist. Look down to the ground as if you've spotted something unusual on the floor and pretend to pick it up. Re-emerge open your hand with a 'Huh, that's weird' and show him/her the various nuts and bolts in your hand. Works best in turbulence. 




 What if it's an African swallow! 




 Jessica Rabbit 




 .jpg gif? Teach me o internet wizard 




 Han shot second 




 Can someone shoot me the link?  




 Don't forget the posh wank 




 Its just a quick reference usually to do with the topic of the tweet. Hashtags can also be searched to find tweets containing it. For example if you wanted to find tweets about Gaza you could search '#Gaza' and every tweet containing the phrase #Gaza will come up. It's a quick way to find tweets related to a subject, and for someone to discover your tweets. Hope this helps. 




 r/funny 




 Happy yet Sad 




 When she did it the third time 




 Fuck you 




 Fuck off back to the Cloud District 









 /r/skyrimmildlyinteresting 




 Console brother, You are brave to post here 




 "FOOS DRAGONREND" *waits and lets follower attack* *repeat x450* 




 Did he have to go before a court or bring evidence before a court? 




 Hence the .jpg extension 




 Are they expensive in Japan? Irish M here, always wanted to go a gaming purchasing trip in Japan 




 Are you able to edit videos like the way you mentioned in the post? 




 ;) 




 The headache would be incredible 




 I think you know exactly what you're doing with this unoriginal content OP 




 Fuck this brought back some memories, I think its from a comic though 




 LAD 




 Towels 




 *came upon 




 Looks great, Im guessing you have a Wii, PokePark is another game you can get. Also just like to ask why have you purchased the Japanese versions as well? Great collection 




 I'm not sure about the neck here, but stunning art nonetheless 




 Great english and what sounds like a great gaming experience 




 Hang on, who turned themselves in? The driver or his boss? 




 I think most people here could afford $15 on ebay anyway, but for me, a new poker set 




 For science 




 That's incredible 




 I love that feeling when youre doing it in front of a woman. You fell so macho but its just a harmless little arachno-buddy 




 "Bruh turn off that camera, did I say you could record this? bruh come on" 




 My name is Aaron and much like your spiderbro, People sometimes called me A-A-Ron or Double A Ron because I always had to tell people how to spell my name correctly 




 The cuteness. The bravery. Maybe it's because I'm white, but right now: I can't even. 



















 I wish I get these here in Ireland 









 /r/spiders here, Looks more like a memeber of the Tegenaria family to me, Where is/was your (former) house?

 




 Was thinking the same, Looked very like a camel spider. I thought it was one for a while 




 Hi, Wicklow redditor/arachnoholic here. Never seen the like of that here before, great colours! 




 If ever you slip a small bit back into the darkness, you look at this post and remind yourself that it's the same person who wrote this, and things can get better! 




 Thats a really heartwarming story. The feeling of someone else physically expressing to you that they care for you is one of the best feelings in the world 




 It used to be called a post, but then in 2014 it was called a repost 




 And/whilst masturbating 




 They must have dropped Publisher from the squad 




 Another big question is who actually cares about the Commonwealth Games? 




 European here, what's wrong? 




 Yes In fact according to the inventory icon you actually only get the Pinna (outer, visible part of the ear). We can actually hear at 75% without our Pinnas using only our inner ear, as our pinna really acts as only a funnel for sound to come into your middle and inner ear, Where the main hearing process goes on.

[Source: 6 years studying Biology and Science at a high level] 




 I need to play more Elder Scrolls 




 Thank you for answering my question 




 Maybe it's because my ancestors are Scandinavian irl, Could be a gut instinct to go with the Nord side haha 




 I also get a bounty for attacking them, in Stormcloak territory. Oh well 




 Because the empire has no right to just march in and take land that has been Stormcloak for years! Skyrim is the Stormcloak's land, not the empire or the thalmor 




 Yeah, I might try a new save with the Empire just to see what it's like, just for fun 




 [STORMCLOAK OWNED SKYRIM] Unlocked a door in Understone Keep to find nord Kottir Red-Shoal in a secret meeting with two Thalmor. The thalmor only say 'Worshipping Talos is striclty forbidden' while Kottir says things like 'Talos guide you' and 'Keep your eyes open'. Theres a map of skyrim on the table. Can anyone shed some light on what's going on here? 




 They are racist and arrogant with their whole Aryan Nord race, But Skyrim was theirs before the empire came in 




 PC fag ;) 









 I chose Stormcloaks because they reminded me of Irish rebels and the Imperials reminded me of the British Empire. Being irish myself it was a no-brainer 




 Im Stormcloak So after the battle for Solitude Galmar and Ulfric walk out of the city, has anyone ever followed them to see where they go? Presumedly Windhelm 




 I love when people summon him 




 I would love if there was a streetart sub that seen 3D streetart from the completely wrong perspective, making the art look shitty and bad 




 At full fitness I can hold my breath underwater for 1:45 




 Oh my god. Sir, I am forever in your debt 









 I'm on mobile I'll try bring it up somehow 




