 Being judged for crying in public  




 1. Not saving more money
2. Investing time in people who truly did not matter
3. Not keeping a journal 




 I have realized that it becomes the after effects turn this into a cycle: men are taught to bury their emotions. I did this for years. Later in my life, I met a girl who wanted me to be more open with her so she could connect with me emotionally. The cycle becomes being too open with people who don't deserve it and too guarded with people who want to be there for you.  




 Partition by Beyonce  




 Luvox was good but Luvox made me really sleepy to the point where I was falling asleep in public 




 You're No One Til Someone Lets You Down by John Mayer 




 Thank you for clearing this up 




 And this is the theory that has shaped dating gender roles 




 This truly resonates with me 




 Numerous people have thought I am gay because of the fact I am a friendly guy.  




 If so, how did you overcome this? If you do not want to provide too much detail, I understand.  




 I think one thing to consider is the factor of emotional abuse that is occurring within this situation. 

There is a term called gaslighting in which the abuser tries to control the victim's memory by committing actions and convincing the victim that they never happened. Your brother seems to be doing this and your family seems to be assisting him in this. 

You are seeking validation. You want what happened to be acknowledged and validated; this is only fair. However, if they refuse to validate these things, you can only do two things: stay in the situation or remove yourself from it. The deciding factor will be if the lack of validation will be detrimental to your recovery.  
 




 I've been there, trust me I know how hard that is. What you are trying to do is to defend your actions by saying that you would never do what the little voice is saying that you would.  




 When women rub their thighs  




 One thing I have noticed is that certain triggers make my OCD harder to manage. 

For example, if I am feeling really depressed that day, I do not have the extra energy to devote to fighting my compulsions. 

Also, there are really bad days and there are really good days.  




 What makes you say schizophrenia?  




 I used to have similar experiences and I definitely believe this is a part of scrupulosity (religious OCD). One way to counter this is through Exposure Response Prevention therapy. Basically, you need to pray without responding to the intrusive thought. I know how difficult that is though.  




 I normally bring up the ways in which men are oppressed or women are oppressing men. The normal response I receive is how male problems are not as severe as female problems. 

It's hard to win an argument when the other party is so infatuated with their own opinion that they cannot see credibility in anything else.  




 When I fell in love for the first time and was with my long term ex girlfriend 




 Society expects men to be the pursuers  




 I really appreciated reading this. Thanks for sharing 




 I've definitely felt pressured into sexual activity because the girl felt unwanted if I did not. It was one of the shittiest guilt trips and truly placed a damper on my view of sex.  




 "It's not who you are underneath, it's what you do that defines you" 




 Normally three times a day 




 A couple at church got engaged and I asked the future wife "why didn't she want to marry Tiger Woods, instead?"  

I was 8. Oh the irony.  




 OP, the only way I can give you advice that will help is if I hear more about your particular circumstances  




 I want to be pursued and romanced in the way that society expects men to pursue and romance women  




 My grandfather passed away when my father was four, so my father had a rough time growing up. I try not to fault him for parenting mistakes. 

My relationship with my father is cordial at best. I basically try not to piss him off and he leaves me alone. We can hold a conversation though.  




 Sign language 




 The hardest part for me is how society invalidates the emotional abuse of men by refusing to acknowledge it as abuse. No one directly calls this type of behavior as abuse. People will say "oh, she is just crazy". Men will say "oh, my girlfriend freaks out on me". Men are not allowed to say "my girlfriend emotionally abuses me". However, if a man were to exhibit the same behavior, people would easily validate that the woman or SO is being abused. 

There are many reasons for this. Some people believe that men cannot be abused because of some ancient gender expectations. Also, there are some men that will have a difficult time validating the fact that they are being abused. 

I normally don't talk about the abusive relationships I have been involved in because no one will believe me. The hardest part about dealing with this type of pain is when someone invalidates a traumatic experience.  




 I don't mean to sound like a tragic story, but my parents and my family did not really hug me as a child. Consequently, I'm a hugger; especially with those who I am close too. However, I have noticed that many guys are less likely to reciprocate that.  




 Needless to say, my aunt almost walked in on me this morning ... 




 I tell my friends that I love them, constantly. You never know when your last opportunity will be. I truly don't understand why two men cannot express their love for each other without their being some sort of questioning of sexuality.  




 This really makes me question if there is a relationship between schizophrenia and OCD.  




 Obviously I'm no medical professional, but your paranoia about the FBI watching you sounds exactly like paranoid schizophrenia. I've also had paranoid fears and I still don't understand the difference between those and schizophrenia.

I know schizophrenia has to do with a loss of touch to reality. From your post, it seems as if there was no logical connection to you having those thoughts; that makes it seem like a loss of touch to reality. However, that's just my observation and I could definitely be wrong.  




 Thanks everyone for the help 




 [Bitch, You Guessed It!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT3OQwyvKmk) "I was right!" 




 I have already been diagnosed with OCD. As a child, I often dealt with paranoia. Even to this day, I will often wake up in a panic during the middle of the night. Last night, I basically stayed up the whole night because I was scared someone was waiting to murder me in my sleep. 

Anyone else have paranoia and OCD?  




 Petition to start a membership club for us 




 Little guy is probably the worst  




 Hi everyone, The Weeknd is one of my favorites artists. I know he is supposed to release an album this year, but I do not know when that is. Does anyone know?  




 In college, I was at a party talking to a friend. This girl that I barely knew walked behind me and started placing her hands down my underwear. I turned around to give her a very strong look of disapproval, to which she and her friends kicked me out of the party (it was their party). 

Fun times.  




 I'm not proud to say this, but I've been in two. Abuse manifests itself in patterns, therefore, there is always another reason why a person easily accepts abuse. 

I would often make excuses for her behavior (e.g. she is just having a bad day, I made her upset, she had a rough childhood). However, none of these things are acceptable excuses for abusive behavior. 

The sad part about this is that he has to realize the abuse in his own mind. Once he acknowledges the abusive behavior, then he will begin to do something. The enlightenment is the hardest part. 

 




 The Weeknd  




 When I was a teenager, it was socks. Now, I just use an old item of clothing 




 I'm too nice and I have a really hard time saying no.  




 I used to be fat and now that I have lost the weight, I have left over fat deposits in some areas. One of those areas is my chest. I would love to trim it, but you can only rarely spot reduce fat.  




 Still here, but I only have a few freckles around my nose 




 Six and a half years ago. My then girlfriend humiliated me in front of all of my friends. I could not understand why someone I trusted so much would do that to me 




 I'm curious, what Ed Sheeran song? I love his music but he just brings out so many feels in me 




 Let's go Red Birds! 




 I keep a journal and I must say that writing your feelings is really helpful. However, I tend to repress my emotions by burying them under the surface and trying to forget them. Sometimes, they show up subconsciously though.  




 How did you overcome this? 




 Attacked by? 




