 Good to hear some appreciation. Most of us owe a lot to our parents. But Most of do nothing but speak negatively about them. 




 I couldn't help myself either!
 




 Part of a parent's role is to protect their children from disease.  




 why would anyone want to see a cartoon child character naked?  




 Genius!  




 why thank you :)  




 Get a job, move out.  




 How old were they?
 




 I'm a Mum and if my kid was getting laid, as long as he's being responsible about then he'd get a thumbs up. His Dad would have a little 'lets make sure you're being careful talk. I'd be glad it happened under my roof and not in some alley way or behind the bike sheds!  




 My thoughts entirely.
 




 Why were you so angry? He's experimenting, it's completely natural. A parent's job is to guide and educate their children. A discussion about it may have been the better option.  Punishing like that can encourage them to try other sneaky ways and taking the ds away will only encourage him to find something else!  




 Well it seems you are better of without them. Being gay isn't something you choose, it's who you are. If they cannot accept their own son, then they have no right to call themselves your parents. I hope life is much better for you now, after a rocky start. Try not to hold a grudge. Think about the future and don't hold on to the past. Learn from it and move on.  :)  




 That's what I have. There's a water garden and night garden too. 




 I have it on my pc and it auto saves and picks up exactly where I left off next time I play. 




 I recently got the game and have to agree, it's addictive. But sex is more fun. Shame my boyfriend redditor is too busy playing Star craft .. . 




 This is my fella and I dressed up as dead Bonnie   Clyde. What do you think? 









 You probably deserved it.  




 Do you really think it's appropriate to reply to someone with such disgusting language if you consider them to be a minor? 




 Actually MOST lizard's tails do not grow back, in fact most of them die a few hours after losing their tail.  




 That's funny, due to the fact that in one of your previous comments within another post-you called yourself a bi-sexual. I guess that means YOU don't exist.  




 Because you're a dehydrated spunk bubble! 




 I've had a similar encounter with visplaneoverflow and cannot understand her need to be so malicious. In response, she is nothing but a dehydrated spunk bubble.  




 You are nothing but a DEHYDRATED SPUNK BUBBLE.  




 {school age me}  Work harder-you can do it} {17-18 year old me}LEAVE HIM, before it's too late. If you stay you'll lose your future daughter.  




 Being a bitch is not a very nice trait either.  




 Jealousy is not a very nice trait.  




 Are you male and are the tits you're talking about man boobs? 




 They like being massaged with oil or moisturiser 




 Somebody tell how to make the link smaller lol! 
 




 A weighted book mark, typically looks like this 

http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=weighted+bookmarks hl=en safe=off nord=1 biw=1138 bih=555 site=webhp prmd=imvns source=lnms tbm=isch ei=RQWOTv6eLNK28QPBsqA8 sa=X oi=mode_link ct=mode cd=2 ved=0CDUQ_AUoAQ 




 f off you miserable git
 




 I've had my fair share of threesomes with 1 guy and another {bisexual-obviously} girl-I think my boobs are partly to thank for that ;)  




 I've been doing 'that trick' for a while now. It only seems to impress guys and lesbians though . .  




 Pointing out someone's grammatical error in front of others only makes them look daft and you come across as a Grammar Nazi.  




 My fella reckons I'm half 'wild women out of control' and half 'Ms.Dream girl.' :)  




 Why are you down voting him reddit? 




 BEWARE GRAMMAR NAZI!  




 actually, I've found herbal sleep aids like Nytol work pretty well with me-better than pills prescribed via the doctor.  




 I think pretty much every teenager, whether male or female does the same, of course using there personally preferred sprays. I have a gay friend {23 yrs old} who insists on wearing celebrity perfumes by Brittany Spears etc, but not just one. He uses at least 5 at once. He smells like a brothel! Everyone tells him, but he never listens. Bleugh.  




 No problem.  :)
 




 Then get out there and make new girl friends. Widen your social circle and then you'll have friends to enjoy things with.

If you're THAT desperate to have a boyfriend, remember lads rarely get subtle hints. Be a little more  flirtatious in a verbal manner. Also . .buy the dude a drink. Men are sick n tired of having to buy us girlies drinks. He'll be pleasantly surprised. :)  




 You made me giggle. 'hung like a moose' 




 OUCH!  




 tut, you're so romantic!  




 My S.O now.

Sometimes I get scared. I don't know if I want this lifestyle yet. I'm only 24 with a mortgage/pets/3 year relationship/planning a baby./6 year old daughter.

But then you snuggle up to me and everything is okay. I hate it when you're angry. Not because you're aggressive or anything, I just like to see you happy. I do my best to make you happy, I don't always succeed though :(

Although I have my fears etc I know one thing is true. I LOVE YOU. 

I've never met a man with such an honest heart. You're loyal, affectionate, you stand by me through thick and thin. 

My daughter adores you and tells me more than she tells you lol. Although she thinks you should do more housework, hehe

My family think you're awesome and that makes me proud, as if I wasn't  already! 

One day I guess we'll tie the knot. Even though I'm scared for the future, I still look forward to being oldies walking down the street holding hands and talking about how ridiculous religion is or about quantum physics lol.  

I LOVE you more, I love you most, forever and always, your girl. xxx


p.s sorry guys-having a soppy moment, psst NO ONE TELL Redditor Mr Poletski about this! :P 
 




 To the ex {my first love}

You will never know the pain and suffering you have caused both our daughter and I. Why on earth a 23 year old man wanted custody of a little girl I had no idea. Now I do. Control. But what you don't seem to realise is, she sees it. She knows. Every time she's here she cries because she doesn't want to live with you or your rancid wife. She was nice when I first met her and I was happy that you had met someone who understood you and could show you the best way for our daughter.

But she changed and became snide like you. Her  brats do nothing but bully our little girl. How you live with yourself, I don't know. You even live on benefits because you're too lazy to work. Such a great role model for 5 children. 

One day either in court or when she's old enough to choose with her feet, our little girl will be where she belongs. With her Mum. She'll have a Father figure who she'll be proud of. Not some scum bag Steve with no job who is both physically and verbally aggressive. You may have 'control' now of me and her, BUT you WILL lose it and you'll lose her. Rot in hell.  




 Get to a doctor. NOW!
 




 you mean deodorant?  




 I concur!
 




 Thank you. :) 




 Wear high heels. On toes or even better-drag it down the front of their shin. Trust me it fucking hurts and teaches them a lesson-if a bouncer gets involved tell him calmly that it happened accidently as he rammed into you. :)  I used to do it when I worked in clubs. As soon as I left the bar some chav was grabbing my bum, so I just back stepped and put my heels to good use. I ended up getting well known for it-after a few weeks no one dared touch my behind!  




 21!!!  You have AGGGGEEEESSSS  until you need to start worrying about being 'forever alone'. 

'They' say that you shouldn't even be thinking of settling down until you're in your mid 30s. 

Spend time with the girls and just have a laugh. Maybe even a few 1 night stands {just use protection} Have fun and enjoy life. I'm 24 and have a 6 year old daughter. I love her to bits but strongly regret not waiting until I was older and wiser. 

I've missed out on so much like travelling/clubbing/working full time etc. Leave long term relationships for oldies and get out there and enjoy life :)  




 I grew up with a clinically depressed Father who suffers with panic attacks and loads of other stress related things. The situation that your daughter was put in, is something I experienced a lot. I also had to deal with my Mother venting about having to deal with it and how hard it is. 

It's good for kids to know their parents ARE only human. However, it puts a lot of stress on her because the person who she depends on most suddenly isn't strong and that's scary. 

I'm glad this is isolated and I hope for both yours and your daughter's sake, you make sure it doesn't happen again. 

Pick your self up for her. By her witnessing you NOT allowing it to control your life and determined to beat it-you'll be showing that when there's an issue, you CAN pick yourself up and start again. A valuable life lesson.

Good Luck, be strong. :) 




 I grew up with a clinically depressed Father who suffers with panic attacks and loads of other stress related things. The situation that your daughter was put in, is something I experienced a lot. I also had to deal with my Mother venting about having to deal with it and how hard it is. 

It's good for kids to know their parents ARE only human. However, it puts a lot of stress on her because the person who she depends on most suddenly isn't strong and that's scary. 

I'm glad this is isolated and I hope for both yours and your daughter's sake, you make sure it doesn't happen again. 

Pick your self up for her. By her witnessing you NOT allowing it to control your life and determined to beat it-you'll be showing that when there's an issue, you CAN pick yourself up and start again. A valuable life lesson.

Good Luck, be strong. :) 




 That must have been awful good luck. 




 Get to speak to solicitor about it, she maybe able to get compensation. It won't make it all better, but it'll help. 




 Awesome film.  




 She lived to a grand age, be proud! 




