 That was 5 years ago, and people can change and evolve so much in that time. She seems supportive of Caitlyn now--hopefully this tweet isn't indicative of current feelings toward trans people :/

Either way she should DEFINITELY delete that at the very least. 




 I came to say this, too. Everyone would hate us but who gives a fuck, we have awesome wine and cheese and don't need the haterz 




 All my guy friends had crushes on my older sister. She's just a lot cooler than me. I've learned to live with it...and I've also stopped inviting her to meet my friends because I am so fucking sick of hearing about how cool my sister is. 




 My mom worked for the government when she retired. The benefits are fucking insane. For a really long time most medications our family had were free or SUPER cheap. Co-pays are usually nonexistent. It's amazing. 




 I mean, just because you don't mind something doesn't mean every person in the world has to be comfortable with it, too. The question is asking about people's personal pet peeves, u/khelda1 is allowed to share their opinion. You may have a different experience, but that doesn't make hers any less valid. 




 Drooling just reading this. Thanks! 




 Pretty please, OP? Donuts are like the #1 thing I miss! 




 Former cashier here. This would happen *all* the time at my work. The transaction would be finished completely, I'd hand them their receipt, and they'd be like, "Oh, is it too late to use my coupon?"

Why would you pay for something and THEN ask about your coupon?? 




 My favorite is the one that links to a picture of just a wall with a bunch of light switches on it. I imagine he probably took the photo on accident, but how did he also tweet it on accident? Or did he do it all on purpose? The world may never know 




  oh god please don't try to talk to me, I am not prepared to talk to a human all I want is to find my favorite brand of yogurt and go home

For me, it's either this or a completely false sense of confidence, like, "Oh, he looked at me. He digs me. I'm a badass. I'm the sexiest lady in this budget grocery store. No one can touch me. I am immortal." 

Mostly it's just me trying to get my favorite yogurt with as little human contact as possible, though. 




 Love them and accept them for who they are 




 This is only sort of related, but it was more of a reaction to *my* reaction to a movie. When I was 13, one of the first PG-13 movies my friends and I went to see together was "Lady in the Water." We all thought it was a really scary movie (not sure if I would still find it scary now), so there were a few moments where we all jumped or screamed audibly.

After we screamed at one point, some grown man in the theater yelled at us to "shut the fuck up" and IMMEDIATELY another grown man yelled back in a really tough voice, "No, YOU shut the fuck up! If these little girls want to scream at the scary movie, let them scream at the scary movie!"

It was both horribly embarrassing and one of the funniest things that's ever happened to me in a movie theater. 




  Tobey McGuire's ugly cry face later became a meme.

This sounds like it could be the best "where are they now" line at the end of a movie, ever 




 They'll say, "Awwww, Topsy," at my auuuuuutopsy 




 On my ankle right next to my foot, so when I drop things and am too lazy to pick them up with my main hands, I can pick them up with my ankle hand instead of struggling to pick them up with my feet. 




 Oh, I worked there a few years ago. It probably changed since then, haha 




 I watched that episode with a friend who didn't even watch the show or understand the backstories of the characters, and he wept 




 Oh I'm SURE they do, Nosferatu. 




 I also used to work at Hollister, we would have an Asian couple come in every week or so (somehow they always knew when we got a new shipment) and buy out basically our entire stick to resell in foreign countries at a more expensive price. Which is ridiculous because a t-shirt there is already like $40. 




 I worked at a natural foods store also, and we had a salad bar/buffet type of thing. A lot of people would sample the foods without asking before they purchased, which is both unsanitary and also, because the price of our salad bar is by the pound, technically stealing. But our store really encourages giving samples to people, so we had signs up that said, "No Sampling, Please! If you'd like to try something, just ask!" to deter people from sampling every single item and making a free meal out of it. However, we had this old lady once a week or so who came in, got a huge cart, put one small item in the cart (usually a can of sardines) and then perused out salad bar and hot foods section, "sampling" literally everything we had. She would then go to our hot soups and "sample" all of those. And *then* she would go to the candy dispensers and "sample" all of *those*.

We had to ask her multiple times to stop, but she continued to do it. Her reasoning was that she was a paying customer (because of the one can of sardines she buys every week), so she should be able to sample our stuff. After a while we just had someone follow her around the store every time we saw her come in to stop her from "sampling" anymore on her own.

Moral of the story: Old ladies are the worst. 




 I think it's just a defense mechanism. I went to elementary school with a girl who always failed her spelling tests and would joke about it, but then after a few months of joking about it she broke down and cried about it. It was really sad, actually :/ 




 I had a waitress the other day whose name was Lybirtee. Like, "Liberty" on its own is kind of an uncommon name. Why did you have to go and spell it all crazy-like? 




 I mean it's better than sitting in the sun or in a tanning bed. At least they're being healthy about it? 

(Watch it turn out that tanning spray is a carcinogen or something) 




 He's talking about the grocery store, you sick fuck! 




