 Great as always, and ditto on "as a woman I shouldn't even try to fight off children". I mean like dafuq? It's not like they were YOUR children! 




 Another Zoidberg fan here! I really like Billy West's choice of voice for Zoidberg. Even very mundane lines can sound very funny. I remember laughing hysterically in that parallel universe episode when one of the Zoidbergs said "The box says no" when asked to give it to the other Zoidberg.

But as in cases with most fictional characters, I may find him to be incredibly annoying in real life. Also quite scary given his lobster-like apperance :p 




 And Family Guy was saying how Charlie Brown sold crack to Snoopy and he overdosed on it! ALL MAKES SENSE NOW 




 Ahhh I see. Thanks. Looks like I was overthinking it haha 




 I love the fact that fans are still cosplaying Futurama characters after the show ended. The legacy lives on! 




 Oh my god! Thanks for posting. I thought the whole thing was original. Family Guy also parodied this but I never knew where it'd come from until now! 




 I feel kind of dumb, but I never really understood the gag point of that dialogue. :( I always thought Frankie actually was a cafeteria worker and the robot (that was showing Fry around) was confused that he was one of the patients. 




 "Shut up baby, I know it."

"*Kif sighs*"

"YOU ALL HAVE ZOIDBERG" 




 Agreed. I love Zoidberg (as my flair connotes) and episodes like "Why must I be a crustacean in love" was pretty strong but that had huge help from Fry, Leela, and Bender as well. 




 I feel this way about life... I could use some Futurama right now :( 




 "And stop sighing so much!" 




 Your costume rocks!! I hope he spoke to you in Zapp Brannigan's voice. 




 It's difficult for others to understand what real clinical depression feels like because the term is used so casually by people who are having a bad day. But really, you can't go tell a cancer patient "change your attitude about things and your cancer will go away". Some have it better and find counseling to be the key to getting over depression for good but the rest of us... we bear it for the rest of our lives and hope nothing exacerbates it. 




 Happy birthday, gsp2! I wish I knew your first name to say that instead of your ID. I feel like I got to this thread a bit late, so I hope you had a better day today. 




 I can relate to you in some part. Especially telling people that I don't care but in fact I do care. The important thing is though that you're doing something. And anger, though unhealthy in large doses, can be evidence of better things. For instance you have a goal and motivation to achieve it so you are frustrated by slow progress. But hang in there, and try to keep it up. And don't beat yourself up too hard. Leave that to the strangers on the internet. 




 I can't physically stop you but won't you at least talk to us? 




 I understand it's difficult to have a job when you lack motivation, but would you care to try finding something that you can do without a lot of social interaction? Perhaps something you can do over the internet. Having something to do can provide distractions. 




 I used to be nihilistic. And then one day I thought to myself: there is no point in being nihilistic itself. All these thoughts, moments spent in deep introspection, it's all for naught. It's meaningless to think about how meaningless life is. So I began to do something else. Watch movies. Go shopping. Do homework (I was in univ at the time). Sleep. I occupied my mind with other stuff and I became less fixated on the meaninglessness of my life. 




 That would make a great name. 




 "I probably would've smoked, I don't know, RAISINS, if someone told me it got me high". And now it's CARROTS! 




 I don't know why you were downvoted so hard. I enjoyed the episode personally (I just liked seeing Amy and Leela go crazy) but everyone's entitled to their opinion... 




 Ahhh you're right. I think I was thinking of Osgiliath. Time to hit the books again! 




 I actually conducted [a poll](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/comments/351gpp/poll_the_empire_or_the_stormcloaks_did_you_kill/) and was surprised to find that more people (those who participated in the poll anyway) chose to side with the Empire. I thought the Stormcloaks would be more popular. 




 I'm more surprised by the amount of gold Belethor has! Did you buy that much from him or is it from the speechcraft perks? 




 I'm more into sword-fighting so I chose Red Guard. Red Guards have versatility when it comes to class so you can be a spellsword if you'd like to combine some magic into your battle. I don't like being too much of a glass canon... I'm too clumsy for that :p 




 That is so awesome. I watched a video clip of Jason Mamoa's appearance when the whole cast members were being interviewed at a comic-con during (or right after?) S1 and he had the full eye makeup done, memorized his Dothrakii lines from the show... He was amazing. I really appreciate when the actors respond to the fans' hype with equal amount of enthusiasm. 




 Agreed. I mean he still gets "hero" buffs and walks away from wounds that would cripple most men but that was certainly a nice touch, adding to the white walkers having supernatural powers. Not even the heroes are safe -- but then again no one is safe under GRRM's pen. 




 I was hoping the giant would use the dragon glass to fend off the white walkers... But guess he didn't need them after all; his feet were just as effective. 




 Edit: was thinking of Osgiliath but I'll just leave my comment as it was...

 I can definitely relate to the Minas Tirith scene. I love the Khazad Dum and Helms Deep scenes as well, but the battle at Minas Tirith had extra desperation to the atmosphere because Frodo was there. (I hope I'm remembering this correctly; been a while since I read the books / watched the movies.) Much more at stake, and we had Faramir who didn't entirely trust Frodo and Sam. So yeah, I can definitely see why it made you think of Minas Tirith. 




 I was really afraid that he'd die and the white walkers would have a giant on their side. Looks like he made it out of there though? I really hope so :( 




 People always joked about "and how far have whitewalkers come exactly? WHEN THE HELL IS WINTER COMING" and tonight we all got what we've been waiting for. Brilliant sequence. 




 One misdeed is enough to undo a hundred good ones.

Namely, you can kill evil dragons and save the entire world but that's not gonna give you a break when you accidentally pick up a jug at a general goods store. 




 I know it's just a series of quests but as someone who'd rather hack and slash with a sword than practice magic, I have no freakin idea why they chose me as the arch mage. Were they like, "fuck it I don't want this responsibility. let the Dragornborn do it. She's used to doing chores anyway." 




 Do regale us with tales of guests taken by surprise! 




 Let me guess... someone stole your sweetroll. 




 What was her name? Lift-up-her-tail? That looks like a product of so much effort. The head is really freaky... in a good way! Really captures the, uh, Argonian charm.  




 I like random fighters that I meet on the road. They taunt me while wearing expensive armour and stuff. Thanks bud, always appreciate donations.

Of course, I would kill Nazeem for that Cloud District crap but I like having NPCs around no matter how annoying they are... 




 And meanwhile that Dragonborn of mine is occupied with building a house. Vampire Lord at large? Fuck that, I gotta expand my main hall. 




 Done. Gotta say though, the other one about gamer psychology didn't seem like it was applicable to me since I don't play TES Online. Anyway I hope my participation helps. Best of luck to your study! 




 "Bloody good payment! Now go, and please your husband like never before!" 




 Nice! I got a cookbook by authors of the Inn at the Crossroad for GoT food. I'm still biding my time to get appropriate ingredients. I'm living in Asia right now and some of the herbs are hard to get here :( 




 I was expecting to see a Garfield mod haha 




 "From now on, you'll be called WIGGLES!"

Also you have an awesome sister. 




 Thank you so much for posting links to the recipes. Saved! 




 Isn't cultural appropriation stealing from other cultures and presenting them as though they're your own? In most cases I've seen accused of cultural appropriation OPs were just appreciating what they learned from other cultures. I'm all for cultural diversity and appropriate respect but people get so sensitive sometimes. And I'm a non-white person always subconsciously on the lookout for subtle racism!  




 What are petals made of? They look so perfect! 




 It's very hard to capture it but I LOVE when I see a cat smile like that in excitement! S/he's very pretty 3 




 Yeah the books had it worse for Robb... And you spend more time reading the books getting to know the character so I suppose it adds to the pain :( 




 It's funny how his death felt even more tragic than Robb's in some way... 




 Great story and awesome music. But I wish the game mechanics were a bit better... 




 I LOVE THE LOGIN THEME... 




 He's the type of person that's really sexy but there's something about him that neutralizes it a bit. I feel like I would actually enjoy hanging out with him. But I've also heard from a reliable source that he knows nothing so conversation-wise he might not be that fun. 




 That's a fitness regime I can actually follow! 




 While I find Kit gorgeous myself, I agree with you on Tormund. Hot damn. I KNOW YOU DIDN'T FOOK A BERR 




 I guess that's yours now. 




 My first choices are already up here so I'll add some of the lesser ones, probably corny.

"Become Vengeance, David. Become... wrath." Se7en

"They say evil prevails when good men fail to act. What they ought to say is, evil prevails." Lord of War

 




 I love how the hobbits are the first to follow. 

Similarly I love "you bow to no one". Makes me tear up. 




 I was surprised that some people found it cheesy. I loved that dialogue. people always say "hey nothing personal, no hard feelings right" It was personal to me you dick. 




 I love the fox photo that you linked but I love [this](https://www.etsy.com/listing/206395673/sand-dunes-photo-with-beach-grass-and?ref=shop_home_feat_1) so much... I can just see this in a haute living magazine! 




 I seriously need the Angry Dome from time to time... 




 Now you've given me an evil idea and my cat will hate you for it XD 




 Awesome in general, but "antivirus in the darkness" part got to me especially. Well done. 




 This photo makes me d'aww and sad at the same time. I wish I could be at ease around my dad like these cubs. 

He spent most of his time working when I was little and I had little time to get to know him. He was always the Patriarch, Mr. Big-shot at his office, that I respected and feared at the same time. Now that he's retired he gets really hissy when he wants to assert his dominance. His chauvinism annoys me but also makes me sad to see him desperately cling onto his faded glory.

Curious a photograph of a lion and his cubs should bring complicated emotions... 




 I love your interpretation of the photo. 




 Yup, I made sure I carried those after getting quite a scare once. As for shrines, I haven't come across a lot of shrines outside towns and "official" shrines. And thanks for the recipe! It's crazy but I don't think I've discovered that despite all the time I spent mixing stuff together :p I still have so many properties to learn about ingredients... 




 Jeff, uh, finds a way... 




 I adored this dress. But at the same time I worried about the train (is that what it's called? the part that trails behind her) getting dirty. 




 That is a very interesting take on the game play. I've read people favouring walking over fast-traveling to be immersed in the environment and atmosphere (with which I wholeheartedly agree) but I never thought about the prospect of vampirism and whatnot. I don't think I have the metaphorical balls for it yet but it sounds like something I should try out later on. 




 That is some find looking dude. Looks like a true Dragonborn in the sense that he is of the Reptilian descent! 




 Gaargghh now that I've seen your achievement I must CATCH THEM ALL :D I'm level 40-something but I waste time making potions that I probably don't use, catching butterflies... Serana is probably waiting for me day and night wondering where I am. I should really get behind getting all the dragon priest masks and claws... 




 Stones of Barenziah Quest Markers

http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/9385

It is also in the Steam workshop, one of the most most subscribed mods. 




 Oh yeah, I remember the Vegas part. Too bad he left... He tied everything together. 




 That is so pretty! Congratulations. I have quite a bit to go myself. The silver one reminds me of death masks from the first Resident Evil installment. 




 Agree completely. He's someone I'd find obnoxious and extremely rude in real life (like many fictional characters) but is hilarious on screen. I also don't like how they casually wrote him off saying he left the country with the girl who had a baby for another job or something. 




 You made me tear up a little at the bus stop. It's not the films or the company itself that makes Disney special. It's people like you. Thanks for making a dream come true for the girl and her family. 




 I've watched too many GoT episodes recently; I thought he was gonna say "stop trying to kill everyone". 




 Add me to the group of people waiting for photos of your rats! I would love to see them :D 




 I totally read the title as Cat and thought you named him (her?) ironically. This is when I realize I'm a total cat person XD You have an adorable little rat. Did the little guy finish it all in one seating? 




 Someone turn this into a webcomic... It would make a lovely series. 




 To me, Hiddleston is a guy that you bring to meet your parents. Kit is a guy that you would invite to a threesome with Tom. 




 3

Call me crazy but I see some resemblance between Kit Harrington and Markiplier. Makes me enjoy his LPs even more. 




 "Here lies Dragonborn, the Bane of Alduin, slain by a Mudcrab." 




 Shadowmere sure thinks they pose valid threat... That horse always runs off to fight them while I fight stronger enemies. TEAMWORK 




 I've stayed off modding Skyrim to enjoy the vanilla to the fullest first, so I can't tell if you're joking or if this is really a thing. If so then that's awesome! 




 She does! That's adorable. I thought you perhaps meant to make it sound like espoir. 




 Wow. I think it's good enough to be featured in her official cook book. Well done! 




 Why did I click this at lunch hour with no way to get sushi... I imagine my first attempt won't be nearly as neat as yours. Rice everywhere! 




 I envy you but at the same time worry that it might cause considerable shoulder pain... Maybe not that heavy a guy? :p 




 Aww that's too bad. But thanks for letting me know all the same. 




 Yeah, I really like the striking b/w. If you can scan it and photoshop colour it maybe? Anyways I hope to see more of your work in the future :) 




 I absolutely love the DB hoodie! Wonder they shIP internationally? 




 Agreed. It's more fun, I get to try out / practice champs I don't usually play, etc. I don't get emotionally invested in these games either. 




 I was like "please don't be League, please don't be League... SONNABABITCH" 

The funny thing is though, it wasn't like he was flaming people for allegedly costing him a game like usual trolls do. It's a freakin' friends request to a stranger he's never met... Goddamn. This kid has real issues. I'm even more embarrassed by the fact that he's from my province :( 




 I had to stare to make sure if it wasn't just optical illusion. He looks healthy otherwise! Get ready to be ruled over by this little cutie, OP! :D And do keep us posted! I would love to see his progress pics as he grows. 




 So unique! It looks great as it is, but do you plan to colour it by any chance? Missandei in particular looks like she'll look even more beautiful with some vibrant colours.

By the way when I read the title I was like "NOO Missandei wouldn't steal Dany's man!" XD 




 Welcome, neighbour! High five from Canada :D 




 Yup. I think the most important thing is a sense of drive and perseverance to follow that. /edit: typo 




 [Higher Resolution](http://i.imgur.com/Tenl0wD.jpg) for the extra goodness 




 It's inspiring to see people that make relationships work through patience and hard work. Kudos to both of them! 




 As someone living in Korea I can guaran-fucking-tee that she eventually did. 




 Never thought I would say this but that's adorable. Congratulations on having an awesome relationship! I really love how you two feel totally comfortable with each other to have this kind of thing.

And I don't think you guys are unfit to be parents if you ever change your mind about having kids. 




 [Just in case the joke is lost...](https://youtu.be/mv3ScKLD1Vc?list=PLLoWhJJEjzXl0jfiQjuVuJkVe0gGpYstU) 




 I can just feel how safe and comfortable she is around you. Thank you for providing her with a great home! I really love the picture of her with her big bro and sis. I wish my cat could have siblings... ;_; 




