 It's the 26th... It's much clearer in person. 




 Especially this one, mostly because of Joel and Ellie. Well, Joel. He's close to where I live (based on signs in the game). 




 Is it weird that I would actually be disappointed? 




 Okay, we have different interpretations. I'm done with this conversation. 




 At least it will be exciting! 









 This is what I did. I finished the first time and just thought about it, almost constantly, in the few days that followed. I just finished my second play through two days ago, and I cried more the second time than the first, which I didn't expect.

A very powerful, very emotional game. I didn't want it to end, either. 




 It's been 20 years, I think five minutes isn't going to hurt.

She can tell Joel was lying to her, yeah, but that doesn't mean she knows the truth. The way Ellie acts isn't what really tells me she doesn't know anything, though, it's the way Marlene acts.

We obviously have different interpretations of what happened, so we should just agree to disagree. 




 All I could think about was another time I saw someone fall off a horse and what happened to them. I just knew he was gonna die.

(the time i was referring to was in game of thrones, season 1) 




 That was a really beautiful house, outside and inside. Huge, too. The size of those hallways!! 




 She asks "What am I wearing?" and "What happened?" when she wakes up, there is nothing that implies that she was briefed. Also, Marlene says something about Ellie being willing to die for the cute, but the wording (which I can't remember) implies, to me, that she is assuming that Ellie would agree to it, not that Ellie definitely agreed to it. If she had talked to Ellie and Ellie agreed, why keep Joel from her? Why begin immediately? Why not wait until Joel wakes up and Ellie can tell him herself, "I'm willing to die for this"? 




 She does talk about, a few times, things they can do after it's over, or says things implying she expects to be alive after.

"I can't wait for these things to be wiped out" (after a clicker attacks her)

She also says she and Joel can go wherever he wants after it's done.

That's all I can remember specifically, but I know there are more. 




 I don't know if it's ever stated out right, but Ellie's actions, to me, imply that she doesn't know.  




 When Joel met Ellie, her bite was three weeks old, didn't they only figure out that she was immune after she was bitten and didn't turn?

I was going to add that Joel knew Ellie better because of everything they went through, but apparently I forgot to add that.

Maybe Marlene would have wanted to save her after knowing her as Joel knows her, but Joel also had lost his daughter. Marlene lost people, but never anything like that. She's young enough that most of her life has been post-breakout, and I think a lot of people live every day expecting to lose someone they care about, so while losing someone still sucks, they are more prepared for it. Joel didn't wake up that morning prepared for anyone to die, let alone his daughter, and I think he felt a much stronger sense of loss because of it. 

In any case, it doesn't excuse Marlene never telling Ellie about what they planned to do with her.

edit: fixed grammar 




 (I really hope I did the spoiler tag correctly)

I'm seeing a lot of merchandise like Firefly pendants with your name on them, or things with the Firefly emblem on them, and as much as I adore The Last of Us, I wouldn't buy any of those products, because I would never want to associate myself with the Fireflies after what they did to Ellie.

I'm not even talking about wanting to kill her for the cure. I understand, logically, that Ellie's death would not be in vain if it helped with a cure.

But they weren't even going to TALK TO HER ABOUT IT and that pisses me off. Marlene never told her, or Tess, or Joel, about what was going to happen to Ellie once the Fireflies got their paws on her.

I think Ellie is the type of person who would agree to die to save humanity, and that's why Joel didn't tell her the truth. Because HE didn't want her to die, he wasn't protecting Ellie's memory of Marlene or even protecting her feelings at all. He was protecting her life, but a life that, if given up, could mean the cure for humanity. He knows that if she knew the truth, she would be willing to sacrifice herself, and he couldn't deal with that.

Marlene has known Ellie from birth. That means she either doesn't know Ellie as well as she thinks she does, she didn't want to risk Ellie saying no and having to use force, or she was being a coward who didn't want to say anything to Ellie. I think no matter what, she was being a coward by not even saying anything to Ellie. Maybe she had convinced herself that she was doing Ellie a favor. I don't know.

I just know that Marlene makes me angry for not being willing to talk to Ellie, and either the other Fireflies were okay with that, or they were following a leader who was keeping them in the dark about things like that, and in either situation, I wouldn't want to be associated with them.

(I don't want to be associated with the hunters, either, though, so I suppose it's a good thing I don't do multiplayer) 




 I've been wondering about this, too. Wasn't it the cordyceps that infected her that were mutated? What caused the mutation? Could she infect other people? To my knowledge, she claims to have infected David, but he dies before he can turn, do we ever see his wound? 




 I noticed this in my current (second) playthrough. I don't know how I entirely missed the whole scene the first time, but then I noticed the writing on the floor, and then I saw the bodies covered by tarps... I wonder if he talked to them about it first. 

I love seeing all the things like this, bits and pieces of other people's lives that we'll never get to know more about.  




 It's very realistic and I like that a lot, but it's brutal to think about. 




 I know they are pretty rare, but they are basically just really fast Runners with more fungus growing on them. 




 I'm from Austin, Texas. My friend and I were freaking out about it, haha :) 




 Oh my god, I just understood what this could mean :( This game just keeps finding new ways to kick me in the gut  




 Damn.... I really wanted to do this, but I can't really draw that well. Would writing be acceptable? 




 I'm curious about what you wrote this on the back of. Is it significant or just neat looking? 




 I loved the ending, it felt complete enough and still left me wondering just a bit, which some people must hate, but it's probably my favorite sort of ending. 

Ellie knows Joel is lying, but she doesn't know why, or if any part of what he is saying is true. She never encountered the Fireflies herself, she was unconscious when they found her and she never woke up; she doesn't know they wanted to kill her.

She trusts Joel, though, and even if she isn't sure why he's lying and she's not sure what it means, she's willing to stick with him and "believe" his lie, because maybe she's not certain she wants to know the truth if Joel is willing to lie about it.

That's just my thought about it, anyway. 




 My friend and I joke about how Tess and/or Ellie keep finding knives that can't break and keeping them for themselves. 




 He died without showing any signs if I recall, but I don't know how much time passed between when she bit him and when he died. Tess' wound was pretty terrible within a couple of hours, though.  




 I was on a fucking rampage in that hospital trying to get to Ellie. As soon as Joel woke up and I saw Marlene, I said out loud, "I'm going to fucking shit rage if they try and keep Joel and Ellie apart." Then, of course, they did, and I murdered the fuck out of anyone who got in the way.

I would have chosen the "selfish" option in a heart beat, and I don't know if I would ever be able to pick the other one no matter how many times I played through it.

My only disappointment is that I didn't get to pull the trigger on Marlene, but I was not sorry to see her go. 




 I grew up with a brother, and the position of the toilet seat never bothered either of us. If the toilet seat is up when I go in there, I lower it. If it's down when he goes in there, he raises it. I don't understand why some people apparently make a huge deal over it. 




 Aaand, I just realized that's what OP said. I read the top comment thinking it was OP, I'm still getting used to the reddit app. 




 During winter, when Ellie was fighting David in the building. He fucking creeped me out from the start, and knowing the shit he wanted to do to her just made me sick. Everything that happened in winter was upsetting. 




 Oh I forgot to include the story with picture #5. There was a hole there ~~(it's gone now)~~ from a very long time ago, around the same time as the termites, and my dad patched it up. I included it to show that the wall was damaged by more than just termites. I can't remember how that hole got there, but it was also patched in multiple places along the top above the window, cracked from the weakened structure (similar to the damage in picture #2). 




 Thank you. I'm not sure when we'll be able to remove the drywall, but hopefully sometime this week. I'll post new pictures when we're done. 




 If I decided to hire someone instead, would we need to remove the drywall in order to get an estimate? I'm nervous about just tearing out part of the wall and then not being able to repair it until we can pay someone else. 




 We had termites in one room 10+ years ago. The termites have been gone for ages, but the damage is still there. It was in a room that no one used for anything other than storage, and it wasn't collapsing in on itself, so no one cared enough to do anything about it.

Now I'm trying to move in to that room. It needs tons of work, but the biggest, most intimidating thing is repairing the termite damage.

[Here are some pictures of the walls and visible damage.](http://imgur.com/a/7uEqs)

We aren't sure how much it's spread, obviously, but both walls face outside (? not sure of term), and I'm worried about that causing problems, same with the window. I know that the damage goes up over the window, too.

I've built walls before. I've built walls with windows before. But I have no idea what to do here. I have no idea where to start. Is it even a good idea to attempt to fix it without a professional and no prior experience with this specifically?  




