 Thank you so much. I was told by my counsellor to write everything I'm bothered about out. Sit on it for a day, if I feel te same express myself. If not write why I'm okay with it now. A strange diary of sorts, but I've realised I like writing. 

Oh :( parents are worse, they already have that air of 'I made you so I know better than you' you get depressed and you're a goner. My mum used to tell me to snap out it, then she would feel bad and baby me. She would actually feed me things like fairy cakes and happy meals. Like, they made me happy when I was a child, I'm still her child so they will still work. Okay mum, mum. 

 




 Please don't feel anxious! I welcome any help. If you'd rather PM me i would love to chat :)  




 Yeah the men in the school think we are ridiculous. Something sets one of us off and then the other shouts 'OMG DON'T' then we turn away from each other flapping at our eyes frantically. Working in a school you can imagine how many cute kids, and cute stories and bloody all sorts we have to put up with. She's a little different to me, she's 30, boyfriend is 24, he has a young daughter so doesn't want anymore children for a few years........she's like a cat in heat, ready to make babies like rabbits lol. 




 I find that i'm a lot more teary over almost everything. I met a puppy last week, i cried for five whole minutes. I've even gotten my boss to cry because i've cried over something cute. We set each other off. 




 Yeah it's exactly that! okay so i have this good job, i've got this nice house, i've even got a dog that's i've cared for 7 years, i pay my bills i cook healthy home made meals. I'm all ready!...................okay so where's my baby? i'm ready, i've done everything i'm meant to do. 

Then you see people like this, I have a 19 year old friend that slept around LOTS, got pregnant by accident and took 50 photos a day, described every detail of her pregnant, moaned about how hard it was and I had to remove her. I'd rather her think I was rude than put up with her ignorant shit anymore.  




 That's my problem, I used to be terrified of being alone. It would cripple me. Now i crave it, I crave being alone, I go shopping on my own, i dance around my house on my own, i do crafts on my own. Why? because it's easier to do things with a clearer head when there isn't someone trying to help with everything. Sometimes i feel like if they could help you breath easier because it would help with depression, they would sit and inflate and deflate your lungs for you. Why breath by yourself when i can do it for you?
They want to know everything, have you eaten? have you slept? why haven't you eaten? why are you eating bad food? why are you sad? why are you angry? what can i do? constant questions that you ask yourself over and over and over, beating yourself up about it. Then they ask, and they ask again and you want to scream I AM AN ADULT I WILL DO WHAT I WANT GO FUCK YOURSELF I HATE YOU. But you can't, that's frowned upon. 

You know the worst bit? they are literally only trying to help, but if they just took a step back and listened to you they may be able to understand and help better. They think they know what's best because they've read about it or they've heard about it, but every single person who suffers with depression suffers it in their own unique way. So yeah, do your research and learn about depression, fantastic! but most importantly, fucking listen to the person. If you don't, you end up isolating them more.  




 naughty naughty rimmel! 




 I know she's your cousin, but this made me angry to my core. She sounds like a child announcing she's having a child, which she is, which makes me more angry. Children can have children but I can't.  




 So, I finished work. Headed to the train station. Sit down on the train and sink into my chair. Oh good this shit day is over now I can go home and get into bed and not get out until tomorrow. 

The conductor asked me for my ticket. I go to get it and suddenly realise I've left my train ticket in work. Without even being able to control my next actions I burst into uncontrollable sobs. The conductor (a kind lady) was so shocked I got a hug and a 'don't worry if you've forgotten it, I'll let you off, don't worry I believe you' off she trots and 5 minutes later she appears with a little smile 'I was saving this for my break but I'd like you to have it' and she passed me a little chocolate bunny. I declined and she replied 'it's okay I should be on a diet, I'd prefer to make you happy than make myself fat' 
And because I'm an emotional wreck I got my train journey home and a delicious chocolate bunny.  




 That's why depression is still and will be for a very long time taboo, maybe there is more understanding, maybe it's okay to be depressed, medically there is a a reason, an understanding on what is wrong with me. To everyone else though it's something they can't possible understand and no matter what people who suffer with depression are always treated in some way differently. Whether it's with anger and misunderstanding or over'understanding and  being treated like a child, a child with learning difficulties. 

My counsellor told me i'm very self aware, and that most of the time i've figured out why i've done something or what's causing how i feel. She's told me that she doesn't think i even need counselling because i go there, tell her what i think and she just agrees or disagrees with me. But that's why i go, i don't go to talk or air everything out anymore. I go, so a professional can tell me if what i'm thinking and doing is right. So that i have some professional basic to battle against people who think they know better than i do, because they think i'm irrelevant now because i'm depressed and can't decide anything for myself. 

Thus i'm stuck in this limbo of improving and becoming more and more mentally healthy, but in doing so, realising how utterly fucked everyone else is. How they hide from emotions and refuse to acknowledge what their actions may have caused to peoples emotions. 

So pretty much, unless the whole world got counselling and more understanding of the brain and how it can and can't work. We are always going to be salmon Trying to swim up the river the wrong way. Because we're taught how to be mentally healthy. But mentally healthy, isn't healthy.

The end. 




 I'm also from the UK, if you PM me I'd he happy to chat :) and let you know how I deal with things etc it doesn't always work or help but it's definitely improved my life.  




 I think I'm a crazy chihuahua lady, she's my baby. Sometimes I just stare at her whilst smoothing her because I think she's so beautiful haha 




 We don't have a yard, but it's easier with such a tiny dog. I hope you get a pet really soon! X 




 So cute! I would love a car but we live in an apartment. My doggie is called Bailey and she's my whole world :) 




