 He got injured in training - a calf strain I think. Out for another 2-4 weeks apparently. 




 Is this just a random pic? Or is she a known model? If anyone can ID her I'd be very grateful, she's sexy as fuck! 




 The bit that really impressed me was the second pass from Fabregas. I could be wrong, but it looks to me like he wasn't expecting the return pass from the first player (don't know who it is), and even if he was, the pass looked like it was hit back at him way too hard, but he still managed to thread the ball straight to the feet of the guy on the edge of the box with the outside of his foot! 




 Malene Espensen. 




 So did Mercedes just have engineers who were better at dealing with the changes? 




 While I do follow F1, I've never been so into it that I know all the technicalities of it, and was wondering if someone could explain something to me. In the years that Vettel was winning the WDC, Red Bull were almost untouchable, but now that's what's happening for Mercedes, while Red Bull are competing with the likes of Williams etc.

What is it that allows one team to improve so much from one season to the next, as Mercedes have done, or as Red Bull did when they dominated? I don't understand where this massive disparity comes from.

Thanks! 




 Can anyone explain what's happening in that video? That's incredible, never seen anything like it! 




 Kind of, although it's not a jumping around celebration. He crosses the line and kisses the ball while standing, and as he turns around, presumably about to ground the ball, he gets absolutely walloped and drops it. 




 Nope, you have to be touching the ball while it's on the ground to count. 




 I wouldn't say it's entirely because of that. Georgia are undoubtedly shite, but since Strachan was appointed we've been playing some great stuff IMO. 




 I love what Strachan has done with this team. Absolutely love watching them play these days. 




 Did he even need the touch there?? No idea why he didn't just smash it first time! 




 And they're 3-0 up already! :( 




 YYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS!!! Wee bit jammy with the deflection, but we're good value for the lead! 

Hope we push on now, I get the feeling goal difference could be really important in this group, especially with the Rep. of Ireland score at the moment! 




 Amazing! Thank you! :) 




 [This is the trailer](https://www.blacked.com/beautiful-blonde-loves-massaging-bbc-) for the scene from the website, which is fucking hot as well.

Really want to see this full scene! 




 What she said echoes my own feelings on this. I went cage diving with great whites in South Australia, expecting it to be a terrifying adrenaline rush, but it was nothing of the sort. When you're in the water with them you do see that they are nothing like they're portrayed in the media. Graceful is the exact word I use to describe them to other people. The only reason people get pictures like this is because they pull the bait away from the shark as they get near it making them do the big CHOMP CHOMP thing.  




 Sutil crashed out at one of the corners, then Bianchi crashed into the same corner while it was being cleaned up. Bianchi's now been taken to the medical centre, and could be seriously injured. 




 With regards to Sutil, this has just come up on the BBC feed:

Sauber say when Adrian Sutil crashed they asked him if he was OK and he said "yes", according to BBC F1 pit-lane reporter Tom Clarkson. 




 The BBC feed was talking about Sutil, but mentioned nothing about Bianchi, but now saying that he's in the medical centre. Bizarre that they wouldn't even mention the fact that Bianchi also crashed. (Unless I just missed it.) 




 "Knocked over the corner flag today and said sorry to it. Then I realised it was a corner flag, so it can't hear me. It was really funny." 




 Fuck! Then my internet has decided to be shit again :( 




 Is streamsp stuttering really badly for anyone else? 




 Things like this are why it baffles me that there is no video replay usage at all in football. It was definitely a foul, so the match would have been stopped anyway. All it would have taken is a quick look on a replay to see it was outside the box. 




 Although her body is definitely bimbo material, I don't know if her brain is! Luisa was one of the contestants on the UK version of The Apprentice not long ago, so she certainly has brains as well as the body! 

[This is a nice video of her.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbAcrLnoAbY) 




 Ah right. I didn't actually see the freekick foul, was that a dive as well? 




 Freedom of Banbury and an honourary degree from the University of Dundee. Take it or leave it. 




 It wasn't the foul for the free kick he was talking about. Balotelli was going for a ball with Jagielka, Jagielka barely touched his face, if at all, and Balotelli just flopped to the floor holding his face. It was fucking pathetic. 




 "Ah, but do you have the freedom of any cities?".

It's all becoming clear now!! 




 Haha I have no idea either! I'm similarly bemused by honourary degrees. What is the point in those things? 




 http://streamsp.com/ 




 Yup! Glasgow was the first place in the World to give Nelson Mandela freedom of the city, which they did 9 years before he was released from prison. To send a message to the apartheid regime, they renamed St. George's Place to Nelson Mandela Place, and it became the location of the South African consulate.

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-22976781

Pretty interesting read. 




 [Nelson Mandela Place] (https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@55.8619324,-4.2535597,3a,75y,286.3h,94.32t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s3USsajJK3InKeO5ET4N8iA!2e0) in Glasgow is quite nice :) 




 It's Alia Janine - who I happen to think is the best tit fucker out there :)

[I think this is the source](http://www.youporn.com/watch/8491376/alia-janine-handjob-and-titfuck/). It's not great quality I'm afraid, sorry. 




 Poor shirt, didn't stand a chance.

This is Leanne Crow, incase anyone's wondering. Although I imagine she's pretty well known on this sub by now!! 




 I think this is the reason I don't feel primarily British. Because England is by far the biggest country in Britain, a lot of people say British, when they mean English (especially people who don't live here).

Despite sharing a border, I actually think Scotland and England are two very different places. So quite often when people talk about British culture, or British identity, when they actually mean English, I just don't relate to any of it, so I don't have that connection.

Another thing is that the mainstream British media is heavily anglo-centric, again due to the population etc. and it's hard to feel like you're part of Britain when the overwhelming majority of stories etc. are centred around England. 




 I don't know the rules myself, but personally speaking, it is a bit of a disappointment when you load a gif with a title of 'piledriver from the edge of the box', thinking it's going to be a stunning goal, and it turns out to be 'decent hit from well inside the box'.

Sensationalizing a title makes it look like you just want karma IMO.

Although I do appreciate the upload, don't get me wrong :) 




 This is the first I've seen it, and my jaw literally just dropped - not so much at the penalty decision (although I'm not suggesting it was one), but the fact that Vardy got away with what looked to me to be a blatant shove. Awful refereeing. 




 I read a really interesting comment about why the media still have this love-in for Liverpool, and it was saying that it's because a lot of the mainstream media is made up of people in their late 30s - 40s who remember Liverpool's glory days in the 80s, so still treat them with reverence, even though they've hardly been relevant in the title race since the Premier League began (with a few exceptions of course, like last year). 




 Is there any official stats anywhere to back that up? That's an incredible stat if true! 




 That's a great gif - do you know the context? Or was that from last night? 




 I have to say, I'm the complete opposite, and the results of this survey have actually been a bit of an eye opener for me.

If anyone ever asks me what nationality I am, I will always say Scottish. If they then ask if that makes me British, I'd answer yes. But I would never even think to answer British in the first instance, and I assumed that most people would be the same i.e. they would say English or Welsh before British, but seemingly not!

So while I certainly consider myself British, I'm definitely in the "Scottish first, British second" camp.

And yet, my username contains UK! I'm a walking hypocrite.

EDIT: changed some words. 




 Is it really quiet at Upton Park, or is it just the stream I'm watching making it seem that way? 




 Wow!! I salute your work, good sir! 




 Jesus christ. I don't think I can express in words just how happy I'd be if you could remember that name! 




 I fucking love how thick she is. What a ride that would be! 




 Are they real?? As in, no photoshoppery? If not, they are some of the finest tits I've ever fucking seen.

EDIT: Changed a word. 




 Thanks mate, much appreciated :) 




 Depends on the city. Edinburgh is pretty much a nailed on no and you would expect Glasgow to be yes but I'm not sure about the other cities.  




 Christ, I have such a weakness for redheads. Can anyone tell me the name of this stunner? 




 You'd probably be better off saying good result, rather than good performance. Liverpool were extremely poor, but they got the result they were after. 









 Not that I'm aware of :( 




 [Nadine Jensen](http://i.imgur.com/Wr1vIi8.jpg) (same set, but not the same pic, sorry. 




 No, no the one to Mata for the goal. Sorry, I edited it to put that bit in! 




 I realise this might be going against popular opinion on here, but I have to agree with the commentators - I think that was a scuffed shot rather than a pass from Di Maria for the 4th goal. 

But regardless, he's been absolutely out of this world today. Clear man of the match. 




 Couple more

http://i.imgur.com/4hvtjY5.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/gxj1kke.jpg 









 This was the semi final of the Champions League in 2007-2008. Chelsea and Liverpool had drawn the first leg 1-1, and the second leg had finished 1-1 after full time, so extra time was being played. The penalty put Chelsea ahead 2-1, and they went on to win that game overall, 3-2.

The added significance of the penalty is that Frank Lampard was taking it, and his mother had died in the week leading up to the game, so there was a huge emotional aspect to it as well. 




 A gorgeous, tall, naturally busty brunette who can deep throat a cock like that as if was the easiest thing in the world. Think I've found a new favourite! Thanks OP! :D 




 [With this picture,](http://i1265.photobucket.com/albums/jj503/anchorman78/sky-sports_t_gary-neville-retiring-sky-sports-11.jpg) rather than Torres. 




 [Nice wee vid of the Frank Lampard penalty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAfiVZH6Yio) 




 Here's hoping it's not a false dawn! :) 




 I'm thrilled that Villa are doing so well at the moment - I fucking love Paul Lambert after everything he did while playing for us. Really want to see him succeed at the highest level. 




 There was a really good piece by Pat Nevin last year about Liverpool and how they needed to learn to be more patient when they needed goals, and just keep passing the ball, rather than panic and hoof it up to Suarez in the hope he could conjure something up (which he often did of course).

He compared it to City's approach, where they were still passing the ball around in the last few minutes of the game against QPR that they needed to win the league the previous year, and of course, Aguero popped up and stuck it away. 




 I would imagine Diego Costa will get something similar. Although he seems to be taking it all in his stride, and more, so far! 




 Thanks. 




 How many fouls does a player have to commit to be booked for persistent fouling? Is there a set number, or is it at the ref's discretion? 




 Fuck, that first gif is amazing. My ex was a pretty big girl, and I absolutely loved it when we fucked like this. I just love feeling the weight of a woman on you while they absolutely fuck you silly!! Great times! 




 She's posted on here herself a few times if /u/missjennicalynn is genuine. 




 Indeed! I wish she'd managed to get more exposure, but things seem to have kind of died away for her :( 




  Germany weren't anywhere near their most incisive so I guess it wasn't a real test just yet

That's the scary part. It WAS a real test, despite Germany not being in top gear!

But if we play like we did in the second half for the rest of the qualifying campaign I'd certainly rate our chances against the other teams :) 




 Yeah, I was just being melodramatic, we SHOULD be alright against Gibraltar, but I'm taking nothing for granted!

But we really need our defence to start stepping up if we want to get through the group as a whole. 




 If only I could! 

Give the World champions a genuine scare on their own turf, then get pumped at home the very next week by a team ranked millions of places below us. Tis the Scottish way. :(  




 Brilliant, thanks :) 




 Stirling? Near Sterling, near Tillicoultry, near Stirling? 




 Ah, cheers for the info. That's shite for him :( 




 I'm not being a dick when I say this, I genuinely don't know - has he just come back from a long injury lay-off or something? 




 Manuel who???? 




 A tin of beans would be better than Mulgrew. 




 [You're cured!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnVjkE87FDY) 




 If we can get a freekick around the area, wee Shaun might do the business. 




  they'll probably tear down Dewar's statue and replace it with one of him.

.. and adorn it with the ultimate sign of Scottish respect - a traffic cone. 




 Losing to the current World Champions by only 1 goal (as it stands) on their home turf is certainly something to be proud about for a wee nation like ours. If we can consistently play like we have in this second half, we'll give ourselves a pretty good chance of qualifying I'd say. 




 Is this Craig Levein?? Didn't have you down as a redditor :P

I can see the temptation to batten down the hatches, but I say we fuckin go for it! :D 




 Hahaha love the subliminal work there!!! 




 YAAAAAAAS YA FUCKIN BEAUTYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! Come on Scotland!!! 




 I knew it was written by Germans, which wouldn't be a problem in my eyes, I'd still have it as our anthem :) 




 Yeah version 2 is quality. I'd also like that because, while I love FoS, if we got independence I think it would be great to have an anthem that is about us looking to the future and moving forward, rather than looking back. 




 Love Highland Cathedral, rousing as fuck. Does it have any lyrics to it at the moment, or would somebody have to write some? 




 Unfortunately, friendlies do count in the UFWC, so Argentina are the current holders. :(

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unofficial_Football_World_Championships 




 My five a side team has a stronger back line than Brazil.  




 It's so weird - seeing women in bikinis on their own doesn't really do much for me to be honest, but add a pair of heels, and it becomes one of the hottest looks I can think of!! Amazing pic :) 




 Ah, managed to dload Cheat Engine, but even with the tutorial, I haven't got a clue what I'm doing! :( 




 I've only just started playing Dark Souls for the first time, but I'm really not enjoying it at the moment, because the FOV is far too close to the main character for my eyes, and I'd like to make it further away.

I've read about something called the Cheat Engine which I can use, but I don't know where to get it, or what to do with it - all I could find was a forum about it, but couldn't see any downloads. If anyone could help me with this I'd be extremely grateful.

I did use the search function on here, but nothing came up, which is why I'm posting - apologies if this has come up before under a different title. 




  Personally I'm gutted that we had a chance to start fresh because we had loads of decent players coming through from the youth academy, and wasted it. But Ally didn't seem to trust any of them and they've scattered to the four winds of obscure no-mark teams because that's where they're guaranteed a game.

Exactly. Rangers had a chance to create a team from the ground up, with loads of youth players, but instead they signed much older players like Jon Daly etc.

They seemed to have an air of desperation to to get back into the SPL at the first time of asking (through the respective divisions), but obviously didn't have enough faith in their younger players to do that, so signed more experienced ones, but at huge cost.

Would an administration flush out Wallace etc.? Or does it have to be a liquidation for that to happen? 




  And seriously, very few in Sweden can name any players in Celtic. Because they're so mediocre.

If you're going to use the argument that Celtic are mediocre because very few people in your country could name any of our players, then I'm afraid the exact same has to be said of Malmo. How many people in Scotland do you think can name any of the Malmo first team without looking it up on Wikipedia?

I actually agree that the Swedish league is stronger than the Scottish league at the moment, but the fact of the matter is that, in European terms, we're both pretty mediocre, and don't exactly set Europe alight these days, so I doubt many people outside our own countries will know any of our teams players. 




  spending big on wages

It's the massive wage bill at Rangers that really struck me, when you consider they had to get through 3 divisions before getting back in the top league - were the board assuming that season ticket sales each year would have been enough to cover it till then? 




 And may we soon unearth the next Lubo, to be seated at his right hand. 




 I have a question about the shockwave, if anyone can answer it. I don't understand how it doesn't seem to affect the water, but hits the boat with such force. I would have expected some kind of ripple effect to be visible on the surface of the water as it gets agitated (even though it's already moving around), and then hear the sound as it reaches the boat. So, how did that happen, please? 

I know very little about sound/shock wave moment, so realise there may be an obvious answer to this and I'm just not aware of it! 




  It is a long journey but we need somebody to step up to the plate and join us by meeting our standard.

Who would be the most capable of that at the moment, do you think? Aberdeen probably? 




  Hey hey, you still have more titles.

That very much depends on who you ask about it!

(Although, please don't ask me about it, I really haven't got a clue about much of the Rangers situation). 




 Again, this is just my personal viewpoint, but I find being a Celtic fan so frustrating at the moment because of the fixation on European football. Don't get me wrong, I love being involved in the Champions League, but to me, it's not the be-all and end-all. Our team has clearly gotten worse over the past few years, but I'd happily sacrifice Champions League football, if it meant a more competitive league came of it. With Champions League football, we get a minimum of 3 cracking nights at Celtic Park, and very occasionally 4. If the gap in the league closes, as you've spoken about in your post, the league could be on it's way back to the days of the 80s, when teams like Aberdeen and Hearts regularly challenged for the title, something which I'd love to see. I don't mind if we win the league year on year, but only if we don't stroll to it, where's the excitement in that? 




 Well, I can't speak for all Celtic fans of course, but I'm not going to lie - I'm still enjoying it to be honest, for no other reason than they're our biggest rivals, and it's always fun to watch your rivals struggle (see the current Liverpool - Manchester United situation). I realise this is the antithesis of being 'classy' - something which doesn't go down too well in this sub it seems, but there you have it - I just see it as part of the rivalry. Rangers fans were giving us absolute pelters after we got shat on in 2 rounds of Champions League qualifying, and when we nearly went to the wall ourselves in 1994, and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's all just give and take IMO.

Yes, it's absolutely shite for their fans, who just want to go and support their team, but have a board full of fuckwits who only seem to be in it to make a quick buck, but like I said, I'm not going to pretend otherwise just because I'm on Reddit! 




 Is there any indication as to how much Ibrox could have possibly raised by selling the naming rights? Despite the name and reputation of Rangers, how much can a team from the Scottish Championship (or whatever division they were in when Ashley bought them) realistically get (or have gotten)?

I'm not being hypothetical here, I'm genuinely wondering if there's any indications.

(And yes, I do realise whatever amount they'd get would be better than a quid, I'm just asking out of curiosity's sake!) 




 "Wooooooof!"

*Archie MacPherson* 




  Subject to change when Rangers are back in the top league I'd wager.

The way things are going at the moment, there's no guarantee that's going to happen in the near future. This current Rangers side are still in deep financial trouble, which could potentially see them go into administration again, and perhaps even another liquidation. 




 I personally don't find it attractive at all when someone with big tits swings them so they're bouncing really hard from side to side. 

But suggestive little jiggles like this are so fucking hot! Love the recoil back to their original shape at the end as well. 




 Ah, I should have said, I also used marines! Siege tanks to stop the zerg waves, marines to stop Kerrigan. That was enough to complete it on hard, but didn't get the achievements. The most fun thing about that mission for me though, was the fact that I had the hive mind emulator and built loads of them. Any time a brutalisk came near (are they the really big ones, I can't even remember!) I controlled it, killed the smaller zerg with it, then sent it straight up the ramp to the artifact. By the time the end came, where the worms pop up right beside the artifact, I had ten of the bastards, fully healed, just waiting for them :D It was great!

Once I'd completed it, I did it again, with more measured numbers of marines, rather than just pumping them out, along with a small banshee force. That was enough to get rid of the worms outside the base, and I comfortably got the achievements :) 




 If you search on youtube there's quite a few - she's a singer these days. Albeit a shit one. 




 Haha yeah that's why I love them so much :D

I think she's naturally this big because she seems to have a naturally thicker shape - she's not pencil thin by any means. She's just got curves in all the right places obviously! :D 




 I don't think OP was questioning the call on the pitch, just the use of the word "offsides". The term used in football (in the UK at least) is just "offside", with no 's' on the end.
 




 I managed to win the last mission in the end, but no by building bunkers tbh, just massing siege tanks and blowing the ever living shit out the zerg that way! I'll definitely use the bunker tactic if I play through the campaign again though :) 




 [Longer clip here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOMdKnsJEio) 









 Thanks mate, was just a bit surprised to see this was Costa's first appearance in the TOTW. 




 Christ, I knew her tits were big, but I didn't realise they were THAT fucking big! 




 Why is there a number 2 beside a few of the players? Is that how many times they've made TOTW? 




 Hahah definitely over-thinking, but it gave me a chuckle! 




 Ah, thanks mate. Who else could you play on the wing? I just can't believe he doesn't play one of the best No.10s in the world, in the No.10 position! 




  The op has explained this too.

 OP - Big Oscars really, of course a lot of genre movies are still going to get nominations for VFX and sound design.

My reply to your 'Alien' comment came before the explanation. In fact, it was your reply that led me to ask for clarification in the thread, the reply to which you've now quoted.

Obviously we just assumed different things from the OP. When I saw the words Oscar worthy, I thought it meant all Oscars, hence my reply. 




 Thank you!!! I thought I was going fucking mad! Every time he speaks it's like he's fuckin munching on a sandwich at the same time. 




 Who's playing through the middle? And why not Ozil? 




 Bit harsh on giraffes. 




 Has he just beaten someone's record, or just added to his own, if you see what I mean? 




 Out of interest, behind which 4? 




 For me it's the way he says it as much as anything else. The pause before the gag, and the over pronunciation of BIB, as if no one would fucking get the joke otherwise. Which happened to be absolutely horrendous anyway. 




 Even with Suarez gone, I was confused why so many people had Liverpool to drop out of the top 4 before the season began, particularly at United's expense. I personally think Liverpool are going to finish 3rd, ahead of Arsenal, and behind City and Chelsea. 




 Well, I think the person who used the phrase is saying that Gerrard and Pirlo, like the quarterbacks of the NFL, are the ones who are considered the playmakers. But it's not a term that makes any sense in a footballing context. 




 From Twitter: *The problem with Gerrard in the quarterback role like Pirlo is, he can't actually pass a ball anywhere near as good as Pirlo.*

Quarterback role? Is this really creeping in to football (soccer) terminology?

 




 Nice wee line from the BBC:

*Mario Balotelli is going through his warm-up at White Hart Lane, he's managed to get his bib on so that's a start...*

Glad to see Mario starting, this could be a cracking game.

[Some context for those unclear](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYU-SeVofHs). Just a quick warning - you might want to watch this on mute, it's got Robbie Savage in it.

ETA: Added the clip. 




 I literally never watch Italian football, is Buffon still a solid starter for Juve and Italy? How many years do you think he's got left in him? 




 Ah, ok. To be honest, I probably shouldn't even be on this thread. When it comes to films, I don't pick up on the intricacies and technical things that are probably what wins Academy Awards. I just go by how much I enjoyed it! I've seen Inception so many times now, it must be in double figures, but I've only seen TKS once, and probably won't watch it again. 




 I only just saw The King's Speech recently and, personally speaking, I just can't see how it beat Inception to the award for Best Film. Inception shits all over it IMO. 




 Bill Murray for best actor in Ghostbusters, perhaps? 




 Best Film

Best Director

Best Actor

Best Actress

Best Supporting Actor

Best Supporting Actress

Are those considered the big ones? 




 OP, are you talking about just the big Oscars, like Best Film, Best Director etc.?

Or do you mean any Oscar at all? 




 Alien won the Oscar for Best Visual Effects. 




  You don't know heartache till you watch a little girl cry for her daddy to come home.

What an utterly ridiculous and offensive statement to make. 




 Yeah, I'm pretty sure that losing 6-3 to most teams would leave me raging, but this felt different. I think it's because, even though we lost, we still took the game to Chelsea, and managed to take 3 goals off them, which is no mean feat, especially when you consider how good their defence is, and the fact that they're the favourites for the title in many people's eyes.

Obviously our defense needs a lot of work, and Howard was dreadful today, but I don't know, this loss didn't leave me feeling that deflated. Chelsea are just an awesome side! 




 As an Everton fan, I honestly don't know how to feel after that game. It was just so bizarre. 




 This. Is. Mental. 




 No problems mate, just whenever you can. 




 Brilliant, thanks mate :) 




 True, but it would at least give the other teams a better, and fairer, chance to reach the deeper stages at least.

Although what you've said also touches on my second wish - to do away with the group stages altogether!!

I remember when the European Cup was knockout from the start, and I'd love those days to come back. I can understand people's viewpoints of wanting to see the likes of Real Madrid play, and if they were to be knocked out in the first round, there'd be a lot of unhappy people (not least the sponsors). But personally speaking, I'd love that. As I said, I think it's much more sporting to do it this way, but I know that will never happen, as money rules all these days. 




 Thanks for the reply mate.

In a more general way - if a club can't sell enough to pay off the creditors, is that when liquidation happens? Is that what happened to the likes of Portsmouth etc.? 









 From what I've read, if the share issue fails, Rangers could face administration. I know that this incurs a points deduction, but in terms of the future of the club itself, what are the implications of administration? It's not something I've ever fully understood, no matter who it's happened to. Does administration always lead to liquidation if a club can't get out of it? And if Rangers were to fold, would they be able to re-form again? 




 I didn't even think it had 4 eyes till I read the comments here. I thought the black bit in the middle was just the pupil, like [this](http://neurocapability.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/snake-wallpaper-green-anaconda-reptile-eyes-desktop-wallpapers-a-l-ibackgroundz-com.jpg). 




   increasing the likelihood that better and more entertaining teams are knocked out and worse teams slip into the knock-out stages

I really don't understand the objection to this from a sporting perspective. I've said before I'd love to see seedings done away with completely (not just in football) and just let the draw be completely random, but loads of people say to me things like "Yeah great, can you imagine Zenit vs Steaua Bucharest in the CL final?". 

But I don't see what's wrong with that. They're both professional football teams who've won their leagues, thereby earning themselves a place in the Champions League - if they both get lucky with the draws and end up playing in the final, then so be it. Just because they can't field the likes of Ronaldo or Messi, and might not play as attractively as the more famous teams, wouldn't make them any less worthy in my eyes.

I'd much rather an actual league champion from one of the less fashionable leagues won the CL than the team who finished 4th in the PL or La Liga etc. Personally, I'm getting fed up seeing the same teams constantly reaching the quarters etc.

(No offence to Zenit or Steaua fans btw, just the first two teams that popped into my head!).

EDIT: changed a few words. 




 /r/WatchItForThePlot  




 Haha, I get the feeling I'll be saying that for the next few years as well! 




 I'd very much appreciate a link later once you get on a computer if possible. I haven't heard anything remotely like that in the aftermath of it all, and I'd really want to see the source of a claim like that. 




 So that would imply you're under the impression that someone at Celtic knew before the game about Legia's illegible player, have I got that right? I don't see how they could to be honest - Legia's admin process is surely completely internal.

In saying all this, I can understand how angry Legia fans are, it's a dreadful way to be eliminated from any competition. 




 Good shout! I hadn't even considered Geography as a reason prefer to one draw over another. 




 Do you ever feel an easy group doesn't prepare you as well for the next round? 




 Ah, the best of both worlds :D Who do you support, out of interest? 




 EDIT: That title should read European competitions, not matches. Can't change it now :(

Just been having a wee nosy through some of the qualifying draw threads, and was just wondering - do you prefer your team to get drawn against the big guns? Or would you rather they got an easy group? I realise that sounds like a no-brainer, but I think it depends on the team you support.

As a Celtic fan, our chances of winning the Champions League (on the occassions we actually make it there!) have always been zero, so I love it when we get drawn against huge clubs like Barcelona, because the atmosphere on nights like that is always great.

I'm also an Everton fan, and I'm happy to see us get a pretty tough group in the Europa League, again because I think it'll make for some fantastic evenings at Goodison.

But I would imagine teams like Chelsea or Man City, who have aspirations of actually winning it, would much rather have an easier passage through the group stages, to conserve energy for the knockouts.

Just wondered what your views on it are? 




 To be honest, of all the replies from Legia fans trying to explain their dislike for Celtic, this is the only one that I've actually understood.

When you say you'd expect your representative to say something, do you mean you'd expect them to offer the place to Celtic? Because I have to say, I personally don't think there's any team on the planet who would offer that, not with what's at stake.

But at least I understand your stance on it now.

 




 Can any Legia fans (or anyone who speaks Polish for that matter), write what it is they're actually singing? 




 Then fuck me, I need to know who this is!! :( :( 




 Tommi Jo was in an episode of Dating in the Dark here in the UK. Sadly, it also featured a guy called Ben Clarke, a massively arrogant, narcissistic cunt stain who was on The Apprentice the year before.

[This is the episode in question](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVDILBzSnJA) 




 Forfeiting a match always makes it a 3:0 result to the team who aren't the subject of the forfeit. It doesn't get changed to make sure another team is disqualified.  




 Not strictly true. Legia forfeited the second leg by fielding a player they shouldn't have, which changed the result to a 3-0 win for Celtic. That changed the overall result to a 4-4 draw, putting Celtic through on away goals. 

If Legia had won the first leg 4-0, they would have gone through despite the second leg result being changed. They weren't disqualified outright. 

 




 Is it Meryln Sekova maybe? She's one of the few women I can think of that has tits this big but is also pretty slim.  




 Vieira v Keane was an epic matchup over the years. 




 Baggio for me as well - my favourite player of all time, and not even because of how good he was. I just thought he was the coolest looking fucker on the planet. 




 I was torn watching that game. I really wanted Arsenal to win, but being a Celtic fan, I was absolutely made up for Henrik, after he'd been so loyal to us - he could have easily played for one of Europe's top teams. 




 Yeah that's what I said - it's now more than likely that Arsenal will surpass Man United's record over the next couple of years. 




 Well I'm sure he was cursing when he left!  




 Given the way they've started under LVG, I'd say it's more the lack of Ferguson effect! 




 Ah, thanks for that mate. Very likely now that Arsenal will surpass Man United in this respect. 




 Ah right, so within the context of the English leagues it could be a record? 




 Oops! Haven't had my breakfast yet, my brain isn't working yet! :-/

Then yes, that would be a ridiculous group :D 




 Morning gooners! As a non-Arsenal fan, I was just wondering why so much is being made of reaching the CL for the 17th time in a row? I'm not at the wind-up here, it's obviously an important achievement, but is that the only reason why - or is this some kind of record? 

I only ask because surely other teams in Europe, like Bayern or Real Madrid have done something similar? (I'm happy to be proven wrong!). 




 I don't think that can happen, can it? I thought it was a rule that you can't have two teams from the same country in a group.

Either way, replace Roma with the likes of Monaco or Anderlecht and it would still be a massively tough group! 




 Indeed. That kind of fight is often enough to lift other players around him I would imagine, and it certainly brings the crowd to life. Reminds me a lot of Suarez when he was at Liverpool. 




 Their manager, Slaven Bilic. Got sent off in the previous leg, apparently. 




 I'm not surprised, he absolutely ran himself into the ground. And I didn't realise he was such a fighter on the pitch. Just what Arsenal need. 




 Thanks for the reply mate, much appreciated. Pretty disappointed that diplomacy appears to be a shit mechanic, I was really looking forward to it! Now I'll just concentrate on a research win :)

I've thought about turning pirates off before, but felt a bit cheap doing it really! But I don't know why, I almost always turn barbarians off in Civ. 




 I've just bought Rebellion within the last couple of days, and was trying to go for a diplomatic victory against the AI, but even though I could spend money to make them like me, my feelings towards them just stayed at hateful the whole time, despite having envoys at their planets. I know I can offer missions to improve relations, but the only mission I seemed to be able to choose was to ask them for credits or resources, which they would just refuse, even if it was the lowest amount asked for.

Can anyone help? I'm not sure what else to try, and I don't know how to open up more mission types to offer them, if that's possible. (I'm playing 1v1 if that makes a difference.) 




 To be honest mate, after the way that a lot of Legia fans conducted themselves on here when UEFA kicked you out, I wouldn't be at all surprised if they did get abuse. Legia being kicked out the CL had absolutely nothing to do with Celtic, but that didn't stop the endless whining and bitching about it on here from some Legia fans, a lot of which was directed at Celtic, as if we were somehow to blame. Of course, it's the prerogative of Legia fans to come on here and act like arseholes if they want, but don't dish it out and start bleating if someone decides to return the favour. 




 This referee has been terrible all game for both sides. 




