 What. 




 Yeah I don't really understand gender roles. No idea what the rules are. What I really don't understand is why it is so socially inappropriate for women to not shave their legs and armpits. Way too many people are ready to be vocal about the natural state of someone's body.      
Women shaving hasn't even been around that long. WWI is actually when it started. At that time the only women in France that were shaving were prostitutes. Yet now it is being called a 'trend' to not shave.        
It is just such a weird thing for people to have such strong opinions on. I don't even get it, aliens would be baffled.  




 Unfortunately my health no longer allows me to have fun. 




 I uh. I don't really pay taxes. Aside from sale taxes and such.  




 I have POTS which causes me to get dizzy when I stand up as well as some other things. I would just say I fainted and knocked it over or something.  




 Excessive alcohol consumption.  




 Playing music, performing/contortion, rescue dogs. They all sort of fell in my lap. They also got taken away too though. Now I do jigsaw puzzles and pretend it's fun. 




 Probably.  




 Yes. Usually when I have a technical question. If I am curious about how something works (which I often am) I will ask someone who should know. Like a locksmith. Normally if I just ask they will brush of the question because I am just a dumb woman. But if I act slightly flirty and be all cute at first I can get their attention enough to start using smart people words and then they will actually give me a real answer.        
Tits are useful.  




 I like a nice dark beer. Particularly porters. Also tequila, straight or with whatever.  I don't drink much anymore. But being drunk all the time was a blast.  




 "You can't be that sick, you're too young/look so healthy."        
No. Fuck you. You have no idea what it's like for me to get through the day.  




 I thought most people knew that.  




 I believe in a slurry of random shit from all kinds of cultures. So I would be really confused if all the random specific things I follow were checked out in the first place. 




 Juggling. Jugglers always get the ladies. 




 My friends house. I expected to be there but the situation was insane. I woke up with the taste of vodka still in my mouth wondering what time is was. When I went downstairs there was about seven people there and ALL of them were on mushrooms. One of the weirdest days of my life.         
Even the cat was high. Let me explain, where I am from fall is mushroom season. My whole friend group is very familiar with picking them so that's what happens. As soon as fall hits that cat always waits for my friend at the door when he leaves. Just waiting. Waiting for him to come in with a paper bag. As soon as that happens the kitty lurks around the kitchen waiting for someone to leave a cap or stem out somewhere. It never fails that he snatches one and eats it. For whatever reason that cat loves getting fucked up.       
So I am down there watching everyone trip when we realize a friend is missing. Apparently he couldn't keep up with the cat and had to go hide in the hall closet. I had to coax him out and pet his head until he felt better.         
It was a long night for me. But I got to see my best friend make an ass of herself which is a rarity.  




 "Everything that makes me uncomfortable should be illegal."        
It is really absurd that if someone wants to sell their body for a living they aren't allowed. If brothels were mainstream it would be a much more healthy profession. It would also create more jobs and help circulate money.        
But no, it's not allowed because a bunch of Jesus people would freak out.          
It would also put more power in the hands of women which is obviously  a threat. 




 Hearing them have sex.        
Hearing them have sex. 




 Vital? 




 Hold your breath.  




 I have had at least a half dozen doctors lie to me. Apparently I look stupid. And like a drug seeker.  




 His name was Blackberry. He stopped pooping and got really fat and died.  




 Let me get back to you on that. 




 These from back in the day. I did some modeling when I was a teen.         http://i.imgur.com/UQLvyHA.jpg              
http://i.imgur.com/6j5pxrB.jpg 




 The library. Sometimes I do donate books or money.  




 Barthalone cysts. 




 I am extremely flexible and worked as a contortionist for a while which I loved. All growing up I did dance and gymnastics and was really good at the bendy stuff.       
Yeah well it turns out my body is like that because I have a genetic collagen/connective tissue disorder. In the past year it has also caused me to be in crippling pain all the time. I'm 23 and can hardly get to the grocery store. Some days I can't even dress myself. Osteoarthritis is already starting to take my hands. Not sure how Iong I can manage to stay out of a wheelchair.         
At least I'm special? 




 I don't know but every boyfriend I have had has taken longer than me to get ready.        
When women take so long it has more to do with the standards women are supposed to meet to be accepted socially. We grew up with the notion that we will get further ahead if we are pretty (which is partially true). We also have to have all the right makeup and outfits and hair to be pretty because that's what the media says.        
But there are just people like my sister who are chronically late because they function on asian time or whatever.  




 Or saying bless you for that matter. Why did you just acknowledge another person's bodily function by bringing up your alleged supreme being? You're actually supposed to do that? Like every time? Even when you don't know the person? And everyone finds this completely normal?  




 Oh I definitely have POTS/dysautonomia symptoms. I get dizzy and lose my vision every time I stand up. I am also in and out of fevers all day.      
If I wasn't so ridiculously flexible I would probably assume I am classical.        
For some reason I also get lots of little broken blood vessels and petechia really easily. Which weirds me out.  




 Yeah I know several guys that wish they went circumcised and several that are glad they are not. I think it is unnecessary. I can't imagine putting my brand new child through an elective surgery.       
I asked my dad if I would have been circumcised had I been male and he said yes. I was actually kind of upset about not having my hypothetical foreskin. 




 I came here to find this. The god stuff is one thing but I really just think it is an absurd custom regardless of the origin. Yet no one seems to realize how little sense it makes. How is it rude to not acknowledge someone's bodily function? Please don't confront me about my sneeze. Why am I supposed to be thankful? As if it was so traumatic it makes me feel much better when someone brings up religion. Even complete strangers. No thanks.  




 God damn fucking little powder birds. 




 You should see one on good Friday. It's extra spooky.  




 My sister is like that. Now I am really self conscious about drinking water because she used to freak out at me when I was a kid. 




 I have been taking my mom to my appointments which is helping.        
I was seeing a couple doctors at a university pain clinic. At first they seemed great and I thought they would help. They always spent a lot of time with me and everything. Then they got me a referral for the university geneticist to check for HEDS (which I'm sure I have) but the geneticist had too many patients and turned me away.       
After that the doctors stopped trying. All anyone says is that I need to diet and exercise. I'm not even overweight. All of my horrible pain started because I was physically active. One of the doctors even said "Well why do you want a diagnosis so bad?" and "Sorry I don't have any magical powers that can fix you".              
I have tried pretty much everything besides opiates for my pain but nothing helps. They all think I am drug seeking. As if I want pills so bad I left my job/home/dogs/boyfriend and moved 2000 miles so I could get a fix. Several have told me I shouldn't have opiates because I will become addicted. Which is offensive considering less than 2% of people using narcotics properly become addicted. Somehow I must CLEARLY be part of that percentile because I am young and have tattoos.         
Sorry. I'm ranting.  




 People are shitty.  




 Patient here. Being lucky enough to have good insurance my main problems with the medical system is the doctors and how it has been corrupted by the war on drugs.       
I know there are great doctors out there, but I never seem to get them because I have seen at least ten just this year and none of them will take me seriously. The unwillingness to learn something new or how to treat me is heartbreaking every time. I know a lot of medical terms, I'm fairly articulate, and I end up crying every time I explain what's going on. I had a rheumatologist spend maybe three minutes in the room with me and then refuse to do anything about my current systems.         
Sorry to be whining at you here. I guess I just hope you might have some insight. I am positive about several conditions I have but can't seem to be taken seriously. It has been destroying my life for the past ten months. I am 23 and can hardly get out of bed due to how severe my musculoskeletal pain is and I can't understand why it is so hard to find a doctor that cares. 




 Yeah healthy eating habits are hard to come by. I mostly eat what my body wants/needs but I still stuff myself occasionally and I will never stop liking ice cream.      
Some people just don't get it though. I had to lecture my boyfriend on why it's not ok to eat an entire bag of doritos in one day. 




 It may slow down with age, but without *any* collagen you would die. I still have collagen but it doesn't work for certain parts of me. There are six different types of the disease I have and they all work a little differently because there are different factors in the deficiency. For me it mostly effects my tendons, ligaments, muscles, and small blood vessels. Sometimes people it's mostly their internal organs and for others it's their heart and vascular system which is life threatening.  




 Probably, but I have several health conditions that already cause those things so I wouldn't have noticed.       
She will just have to come to terms with herself and realize that starving herself won't solve her problem, no matter how tiny she gets she won't be satisfied. And if she can't try to help herself now she will be doing the same thing in five years when she looks like a holocaust victim.        
Anorexia usually stems from things other than just body image. She is probably horribly unsatisfied with other things about herself and not eating is a way to take control. Especially if she feels withdrawn from the people around her. All you can do is be supportive of her and her recovery. Remind her what is great about her and why she doesn't need to go to such extremes because she doesn't need to change. She just needs to figure out who she is and respect that person.  




 I'm sure it is healthy for some people. But for people like us it makes ot to easy to obsess over.  




 Well unfortunately there is nothing I can do about the flaw in my DNA that prevents me from producing collagen. So there is in fact *nothing* I can do but hope to stay out of a wheelchair for the next ten years.  




 I used to live across the street from the crazy ramtha lady and her mansion. There was a brick wall around the place with copper posts. It was weird.  




 Eating healthy is really important. There are foods that will make you less bloated and whatnot.      
But when you're struggling with an eating disorder the main thing that needs to change is your body image. Mental health is a difficult thing to work on and you usually you cant do it on your own. 




 Yeah I fucking hate doctors. That's so frustrating not knowing what's going on and your doctor won't take it seriously. Sometimes you have to put your foot down and get all stern with them. 




 Some people have a really bad time with it but I did fine with the pills. 




 Yep. I always have to turn down parties and stuff.       
But I know how you feel, what I have is a connective tissue disorder as well as osteoarthritis. That shit is no fun.  




 I see. It's cool when doctors actually check for things like that.  




 Yeah I have no other options than to keep trying.  




 Seriously. It is so frustrating already that I can't be active like everyone else and then I get shit for it. Being active is the reason I got this bad in the first place. I know for a fact that exercise is the opposite of what I should do.      
I don't care when most people are dumb but when doctors refuse to get me tests for the conditions I am certain I have without even finding out what the conditions do. They just tell me diet and exercise. I'm not even overweight.  




 Yeah I have seriously tried every ploy. The only thing that is beginning to help is bringing my mom into every appointment with me. 




 I'm not counting on it. Doctors won't treat me. I have been avidly trying tof almost a year now.  




 What test did you do?  




 I have a bunch of shit but a couple of them are joint hypermobility and osteoarthritis.  




 Have you heard of ehlers-danlos syndrome?  




 Maybe a tampon. Or something that makes even less sense like a hospital gown. 




 Yeah I will probably manage fine. A low pain day for me is a 6. So I am well versed in pain. It just sucks because I don't know how soon my joints will go and right now I'm only 23. 




 Yeah I have never gotten narcotics for a kidney infection. And I have had four. Last time the doctor bitched at me because I almost died. 




 I have a genetic condition that has me in constant pain. Doctors won't treat me because I'm young. I would trade it for cancer in a fucking second.        
So I feel you.  




 Yeah I went to a clinic that did that. I chose the medical option.  




 I am not looking forward to getting joints replaced. That seems awful. I already can't deal with how my hips feel sometimes.  




 Are you tall and skinny? Or pale and flexible?  




 Testicular torsion.  




 One of my best friends was in acting classes with John Cameron Mitchell.  




 How bad my health is, how it is ruining my life, and the fact that I will never get better.        
I am seriously not even cool to be around because all I can think about is how fucked I am and how I can get the medical attention I need.  




 Most obese people I know do eat until they are uncomfortably full. Which are the ones who need to know the difference.  




 That's a better answer.  




 Exactly.  




 Ick. Trazadone also made me not eat and gave me anxiety.  




 Lately, the misconception that someone who is young and looks healthy can't have serious medical conditions. Or if they do it must be their own fault. Even doctors do this shit, and not just sometimes. I mean the past dozen doctors I have seen won the do shit.      
I will tell someone I had to stop working because of my health and chronic pain. Usually I hear something like "But you look so healthy" or "It can't be that bad, what is your diet like?" and "Wait until you're older!".       
No fuck you. Just because I'm not fat doesn't mean I'm healthy. I have a genetic condition, my diet won't change my DNA, asshole. And I would rather not think about getting older because I will be lucky to stay out of a wheelchair for the next ten years.         
If it wasn't this bad I would still have a life. Yet somehow people think I am being dramatic. Why would I throw my entire life out the window for attention?       
I'm sort of just angry all the time. 




 I generally only drink water for the most part as well. Staying hydrated is difficult for me so I also eat extra salt. It really helps.        
But I am also not a healthy person. That is beyond my power though. 




 Some people don't know the difference between being hungry and not being uncomfortably full. 




 I used to do that when I was anorexic.  




 Good luck. The one I am on now (cymbalta) was the first one my doctor tried out on me and it is perfect.        
I have had several not work out as well. Recently I was put on amatryptaline for pain but it made me depressed. Prozac made my anxiety way worse, and when I was 11 or something welbutrin made me throw up. 




 You could have just answered nicely. I doubt you're irreplaceable.  




 Ramtha? 




 Yeah there is potential that I would foster a young kid and then eventually adopt them if I could. Regular adoption will never be in my budget. Even if I had a job rather than disability.  




 Absolutely.  




 It really is.  




 Those people are particularly easy to read. And when you are in a life or death interview you can probably think of some shit. 




 You can usually tell when someone is full of it though. Or they are a good liar in which case that might be a good skill to keep around.  




 They do. Which is why they are a good investment.  




 I have been on it for quite a while and I have been able to make rational decisions and mentally function like a real person. Antidepressants are all different and so are the people that take them. Just because you have a bias doesn't mean I should just have to live with psychotic depression.          
That's the same argument people use for pain medication but some people would rather have a professionally monitored chemical dependency than spend the rest of their life rolling around in bed being miserable.  




 I think the reason I bought it for a bit is because I used to be a contortionist.  




 For about ten minutes while I was waking up I still thought I could do it. Total bummer.  




 Eh. Women are assholes too. We also just have to be more concerned about avoiding getting raped.  




 That's how you fail. 




 I know. I am sure it would be different for guys anyway because it wouldn't necessarily be much of a threat. If a car starts to slow down next to me I have to make sure I can run if I have to or be ready to defend myself.       
Women making cat calls are not usually scary. When men do it I get stressed out.  




 GED-Musician.       
Yep. 




 I use cream eyeliner and have had the same tiny pot of it for at least five years. It tends to dry out so I add a drop of baby oil to it and it's good as new.        
Also I won't buy a fancy brush for it. I bought one of those awful liquid eyeliner pens, removed the felt tip, and washed all the makeup out. Those felt tips are perfect for cream eyeliner.  




 Yeah I am 23 and back to staying with my mom. It's weird. But I'm here for different reasons.  




 Put on old shoes, dumpy clothes, and a rain coat. Go jump in puddles with someone. When you get back home and change into comfy clothes, make hot chocolate, put a movie on, snuggle.        
Source: I'm from the Pacific Northwest.  




 My antidepressants. It's a great investment.  




 A while back I had a root canal and they offered me the gas for an extra $100 or something. I took it and it was well worth it. Particularly because I have a bad case of TMJ.         
Although I ended up having to get that tooth extracted a couple weeks later.  




 Yeah its not really cool when it happens all the time.  




 She is probably hypermobile. It's the most common type and generally causes the most joint problems. It is also the most painful.  




 I am plenty familiar with how it all works.  




 Exactly. I actually had someone doing that recently and when he ran out of argument he responded with "wah fucking wah" or something like that. Like that was supposed to upset me or something?         
The thing about reddit is that a lot of the people who spend a lot of time here do so because they don't have good social skills or don't know how to not be a dick so they don't have friends. All they have is reddit. Which is good because everyone deserves a place where they can be comfortable and attempt to socialize. Even the cunts are cuts for a reason. Usually. It just sucks for some of the rest of us. 




 Yeah the chick on the show had the vascular type. Fuck that. 




 Thanks. Me too. 




 I don't work now because of health issues but before I stopped working my boyfriend and I worked for the same place. It is a dog rescue where we had different positions but it was all grunt work. If I were healthy we would both do fine in each other's place. We were at different warehouses though so he would have had to deal with more bitchy people. My position also makes 2.50 an hour less than his. Which I'm sure he would hate. 




 NO FUCKING BIG SURPRISES.       
Also guys, before you stick anything in a vagina make sure there has been plenty foreplay and she is throughly wet. It is better to tease her until she REALLY wants it and is even getting impatient than to dive in too early and the vagina muscles haven't relaxed yet.        
Then continue to pay attention to the amount of moisture there is during sex. If there is even just one dry spot on the labia or wherever, it hurts. And sometimes we are shy. Not paying attention to the amount of moisture is how condoms break.  




 Apparently.  




 My brother went to the store to get my niece some nighttime cough medicine. While he was there he remembered he needed more lube and grabbed a bottle. Half way to the register he realized what he was about to buy and put the lube back.      
That would have been a really sketchy purchase.  




 I don't remember who said it but my sister and I have been through some shit together and we are pretty close. Not so much now as she has a heroin problem.         
"Sweet is the voice of a sister in the season of sorrow."        
I am the only person in the family she really ever talks to because I still treat her like the person she really is.  




 I know. Hitler was full of good ideas.  




 [Thought I'd share some OC.](http://i.imgur.com/oKYdhBi.jpg)  




 Not being able to function like a normal person my age due to my health. It ruins everything.  




 I don't care much about the downvotes. It's the ignorant argumentative comments. Sometimes I am just really confused as to why I get them on a relevant and neutral comment. 




 Your own health. Just avoid webmd and stupid articles by white women. 




 Around 12 when I was going into puberty my joint pain got worse. Then again around 16 or something. When I was 18 I began going grey.           
Now I am 23 and probably a quarter of the way grey. My health has also been rapidly declining in the past year to the point where I am unable to work or even leave the house much. Doctors don't like to treat young people for chronic pain so I just lay around and try not to further hurt myself.  




 I want them but I probably won't because I have a genetic condition that I don't want to pass down. I would also have to quit my meds while pregnant and breastfeeding which would be hell. 




