




 You need to do some more investigating, the hospital sounds like it has a very interesting history! 




 Bloody queues...don't miss that!
LOL I was trying to do the same thing!!!! AWESOME

I remember the day I got the Chef title...so much joy. 




 I was on Frostmourne, you? 
I used to raid weekly but what I was really super keen on......cooking achievements lol.
My main is an undead Mage :) 




 Hmm maybe have a think about buying something with a kitten print on it? Like I don't know - kitten mittens? Mug? T-Shirt? 




 As in the bed started rusting before your eyes? 




 I hope more people see this thread! Would be an interesting read. 




 Reinforced the need to seek approval 









 I'd say go for something that is relevant to something she's joked about or talked about - shows you've been listening and that you remembered. For example, I made a joke to a friend stating that nothing says Happy Valentines Day better than a bacon and egg pie...if I got this said pie then I'd think that person was pretty darn awesome.  




 We have some pretty sweet pink tabards too! If I do come back, I'll PM ya for your Real ID haha. 

I haven't read up about Lords of Draenor at all - what are the highlights? 




 Not anymore...although I do miss being Guildmaster for the Hello Kitty Adventures Guild....sigh.. 




 Sounds like a pretty cool movie plot 









 Batman. 




 Dates. For example, when there's a shot of a headstone I need to work out how old that person was when they died (if there's no mention of an age). 




 Medium - love Patricia Arquette. 




 WoW: The Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King, Cataclysm and Mists of Pandaria.  




 Survivor 




 Be prepared to genuinely work hard, sounds clichéd but that's the biggest tip I can give. 
I interview a lot of college/uni students that are so self-entitled it hurts. These candidates also like to think that they're too good for the role. 

There's nothing wrong with getting your foot in the door and then working your way up. 




 This dude was cool but when he got promoted he started getting really arrogant and cocky. 
He treated his team like shit but kissed ass and flirted with the boss. One night he tried to stick his hand up a colleague's skirt, the boss just moved him to another department to save his ass. 




 Titanic - Jack lives 




 Listening to Beyonce's music post marriage to Jay Z...sorry Bey fans!! 









 This. Meatspin. 




 Can confirm  




 Sizzling bacon 




 Complete transformation - physically, mentally and emotionally. 




 Anything from the Patricia Cornwell Kay Scarpetta series such as Body Farm 




 What an awesome idea!! 




 Must be contagious, you just made me smile too :) 









 If you're out in public, there's people around and you randomly pop a boner, what's a guy to do?  




 Not finishing my degree sooner, wasted a lot of time and money - maybe things would be better for me now if I had just started getting my shit together sooner.  




 PICC line scar in my inner arm, I learnt how fragile and unpredictable life is - you just have to roll with the punches. 




 When after seeing them i'd feel pissed off or insecure. 









 My fourth toes on either side are bent, its almost like the tips are disappearing so the mid joint is trying to break through the skin. Nasty.  




 Did you go through Seek too? 




 I didn't know that - with the comments below I'm not sure I should attempt to watch the reboot 




 Well i'll be heading over shortly so if you ever need someone to talk to, feel free to PM me :) 




 Overall, are you enjoying it so far? Are Melbournians generally friendly? 




 Alright, I'll give it a go - nothing to lose! Thanks. 




 Really? Not moving for another 4 months! 




 Sailormoon  




 /r/totallystraight  




 14 




 Yay for better public transport! I'm not sure how I'm going to survive the extreme temps! I've heard about 41 degree weather over there while I cringe when I'm barely surviving 24 degrees here! 




