 So how would the admissions committee look at a 24 year old Black Latina with a 3.65 gpa? 




 Get your girlfriend to feed you while you play. 




 I came in this thread expecting this to be the top comment lol 




 ON FLEEK TIL I DIE!!! 




 Frustrated because I can't find another queer black lady to fall in love with :( Living in the midwest isn't helping me at all. 




 I agree with you. Slightly different but as a black person I'll sometimes make my voice higher around certain non POC for the same reason. 




 Why weren't you allowed to be left handed? That's crazy to me! 




 My sister knows that pain. When she answers the phone people will ask "is your mom and dad home?" lol. 




 I like you:) Plus I find deeper voices to be quite sultry 




 Well I was going to pm the info. Wasn't sure where or how to link here.  




 I know, confirmation bias. Nice to see all the lefties represent though lol.  




 Ok.Twas just a joke. 




 I don't know, figured someone has to do the grocery shopping  




 Ambidextrous is the fancy name :) 




 Hot as fuck. No idea how they survive in places like Saudi Arabia in all that black. 




 Sexy is always good lol! 




 I used to joke with my Muslim friend that she had the advantage during the winter. Full on hijab seemed warm. 




 Seriously. The deadbeat dad joke goes round and round... 




 How many Raptors are left handed or think they have a deeper voice than straight women? My sorority sister (also gay) and I were discussing how our neuroscience book says lesbians are more likely to be lefthanded. We also think lesbians have deeper voices than the general straight female population. Just curious:)

Edit: So at the time I counted 37% were left handed compared, compared to about 10% of general population. 14% ambidextrous. About 41% of you felt you have a deeper voice. I am not a scientist, but I like stats like these :)  




 Fellow Iowan!

*Waves* 




 From the midwest? 




 Ear plugs bro. 




 This might sound stupid but Amazon Prime. They have practically everything and a couple clicks puts what I want on my doorstep in no time.  




 Psychological addiction is legit. I started vaping ridiculous amounts after my aunt died because I didn't know how to cope. It reduced my anxiety and sadness to more tolerable levels. 




 Same. I have no idea why I do this. 




 Pop is so addicting. I drank a Pibb because that's all they had at the time and craved it for days after. I didn't even think it tasted that great. 




 During the summer cutting grass is a good way to make money. Kid on my street makes $30 just for small yards. 

Last year I flipped stuff on Craigslist. Bought a mattress for $20 and sold it for $40.  




 Interesting, thanks!  




 I know nothing of Canada's pop culture. 




 True. I normally don't look up background info on an artist unless they're particularly interesting or good looking.  




 Damn you're right lol.

Edit: I just remembered Sam Smith as well. 




 Where do the maggots come from in rotting corpses? Are they already inside us? 




 Eating in general. 




 Me three! 




 Good to know! 




 Agreed, they're quick to write a script. I mentioned having a bad nights sleep (finals!) and she asked if I wanted Ambian or something similar immediately. I'll just lay off the caffeine thanks. 




 That likes Lady Gaga. 




 If you're in the middle, it makes it hard for people to walk around you in either direction. 




 I like to retighten my sheets in the morning. Feels better when I get in than loose crumpled sheets. 




 One inside the other. 




 Because it's an internet forum not the personal statement for grad school. 




 First original one I've read. 




 Found the not lesbian. 




 What should they call you in front of strangers? 




 It's like I get this weird tingly sensation right before the sweat erupts. 




 People in my school's parking lot are so anxious to get in, sometimes I don't have room to get the fuck out. Asian kid in the BMW, I'm looking at you. 




 Freeway Wind- produced by Skillrex 




 Time.

How does one overuse time? 




 Well, fuck you too. 




 Nonrenewable resource worries: fossil fuel, water, ketchup. 




 It's the only way I can tolerate Brussel sprouts. 




 As a college student with depression, I'd most likely be dead if it weren't for my antidepressants. Are you saying you think they're oversprescribed?  




 True. If the bus in my area came more often and went closer to grocery stores and restaurants, I'd definitely use public transportation more. 




 How many rolls do you estimate to go through a week. I admit I used to get irritated with my roommate because we went through 3-4 rolls a week for the two of us. After she moved, one roll would last me almost 2 weeks. 




 Definitely agree with electricity. I can't understand why my roommate needs to leave the bathroom and kitchen lights on when she's in her room with the door shut. 




 What's femalia? 




 Black people are from Hawaii now? 




 Actual black person here. I wash my hair twice a week or sometimes more if it's volleyball season. Any more and it gets super dry. My maintenance includes brushing or combing multiple times a day and cuts about every 8 weeks. Christ I hate misinformation. 




 Minus the big ass hospital bill. 




 I feel the same way. The dentist pulled 4 of my teeth for braces and a year later 4 more replaced them. So much pain. 




 Plus it makes your ass look great! 




 Marry me? I love to garden and make delicious cocktails. I also dabble in rugby from time to time. 




 Awhile ago I heard this interesting tidbit that in that past pink was a "boys color" and blue was for girls. The gender association switched at some point.

Also, I find guys who were pink button downs at my job to be very cute and doesn't subtract from their masculinity at all. 




 Haha I'm a woman and I love men's clothing. I don't have to worry about exposing cleavage and your pants have functional pockets! 




 That sucks and it's interesting bc, that's the reverse of my experience as a more masculine female. The older I get the less shit I get for not wearing skirts and drawing winged eyeliner. I like snapbacks and loose fitting shorts. 




 What's a normal gender identity? I feel like that is still an obscure concept. 




 Witch hazel works for me, after a gentle cleanser like Sebamed.  




 I was thinking they would have fit in as a member of the Volturi in Twilight.  




 I was thinking good place to put the onion dip 




 The knee's not the only thing that's gonna get jerked.  




 So if the patient who received the knee replacement gained a lot of weight, would the replacement fail?  




 Wascally wabbits! 




 Well then

*scuttles away* 




 Trainer or therapist? 




 Same here, underrated imo. I check to see if there's a possibility of a sequel, but I don't think that's ever gonna happen. 




 True, I can respect different experiences. A lot of different things come in to play here. I didn't grow up in a big city, but a mid-sized fairly diverse town in the midwest. My family's middle class as well. I have a ton of sympathy for people who are both minorities and poor. It's tough to break out of that mold. I wish your friend the best. 




 Your comment is so far off from my experience as a Black person. Everyone I know of is proud of me for going to graduate school and are supportive in numerous ways. My mother's church raised several thousand dollars to help me with tuition over the years, helped me move, and put my accomplishments (and the other students' as well) in the local newspaper. My dad was angry when I had a B in calculus in high school. How does this add up to black culture being anti education? I grew up with Black people, am actually Black. People tease me for being a freaking nerd and always reading, in a playful way. I'm not attacking you I just felt the need for a different perspective from the generalization you posted. 




 Weird I'm black and have tons of African friends. 




 As a minority, I really appreciate this post. I don't think some people realize how tough it is to be a rep for, or carry the weight of your race around day to day. I'm in college and I often check my speech or behavior, for two reasons. One, so people don't say of course a black person would get a bad grade in biochem, they're dumb and lazy. And two, so my impression doesn't make it difficult for the person of color after me. Even doing these things I've had to deal with professors making questionable comments.


Sometimes I'm jealous of white people's ability to be individuals, it's quite the luxury. People take your character into account before they notice your race.

Anyway, I applaud you for yourself analysis :) 




 Agreed 




 Are you a serial killer then? 




 Darkness! What did the five fangers say to the face??

*SLAP!!!* 




 *Nods in agreement*



[Another pic](http://36.media.tumblr.com/1f9d6e99e01400d203e7fdac480e1ec3/tumblr_nib11eDdBi1tzlxwlo1_1280.jpg) 




 the* 




 I'm a madam:) And thanks for your reply!  




 I read this in Sergeant Doakes' voice.  




 Again?!  




 I'm sitting at 10 weeks, with about an inch of new growth maybe. Right now I think I'll wait until July to cut it. The different textures are getting a little difficult to manage so I'm trying to be gentle with it.  




 You're beautiful! How long did you transition for? I'm in that period right now and getting antsy for the big cut. 




 /u/waffletoast are you me? These are exactly the two pets I want! I've been trying to find one at a shelter bc breeders are too dang expensive. 




 periodical 

Try daily.  




 How do you know they're less qualified unless you see their personal statement, letters of recommendation and resume? 




 No it's created by the society that might assume Chad is a better person than Alejandro or Demetrius, solely on the inference they're making from their name. 




 Whites don't have a Bible saying being black is a sin.

You might want to look up the the Curse of Ham.  




 Can I get a source on that? Especially that last bullet point. 




 I'm a black Humanist lesbian, but not wheelchair. Can anxiety count as my disability instead? 




 Latinos... 




 Obviously this time of year the library is overrun with people trying to cram for final exams,   do you have any recommendations for other places to get a nice study session in? 


Thanks!  




 Give them an education and get them to earn a degree

You kind of make it sound like a college in America is free or cheap. There millions of Americans who can't afford college or drowning in student loan debt. Who's going to pay to educate these immigrants? 




 Biodiverse? 




 I think the ones who wanna hit and run are over-represented. The settle down types are hard to find:( 




 Around this time last year. I met with a couple who sounded like a good match and settled everything with 3 other grad students in July. Took a little time to weed out sketchy people.  




 I found my roommates through Craigslist, good way to screen personality types to match yours. Otherwise there might be a Facebook page where you can make a post.  




 What's your upper body workout routine? Your biceps are inspiring! 




