 Shmells good 




 You are the best person, I can totally hear the tone of voice for this. 




 And my axe! 




 Oh man there's always someone that does this and I love them for it! I'll see you in another thread! 




 Uncomprehensible demoralization. those people, that movie, those kids....it's so beyond fucked up. They truly believe they're doing things to help others or to be of service, but it's so much more harmful than that.
Also, the shit she says about Harry potter is just stupid. 




 Spot on. I'm sorry about your history, and I hope your loved ones find help.  I'm glad you don't like drinking! I think life is more fun when you can remember what you're doing, haha. 




 Thanks kiddo, and yeah, I've heard of that monkey. Some people act out in their addictive personalities, like impulsive decisions or lying, low self esteem. 




 Happy birthday! You've got a whole thread of people who wish you well! I hope you have health, happiness, and good company this year!
Much love to you friend!! 




 Then it's an outside issue. Drinking and using is a symptom of something bigger. You can't just stop drinking or getting high and expect your problems to dissapear. YOU are the problem. 




 Been sober for 3, trying to get sober since I was 15.
I don't know if you're in AA/NA or anything like that, but it helped me, along with inpatient treatment. (6th times a charm.) surrounding myself with good people and staying active in recovery keeps me pretty happy. 
When I felt like you're feeling, I was dry as shit.
I know you didn't ask, but I just thought I'd put it out there.
Sponsor, steps, and you know the rest. 




 2 years sober, long story short I totally thought I knew where this was going. Now....well now I feel like I need to take a shower. Or 5 




 Okay. I've typed and deleted and typed and deleted because I have no idea what to say to this. no fucking words to describe how much this fucked me up.
Can't even enjoy my hot Cheetos and shit.  




 Oh my god you guys are the best people  




 I can't lie to him.
I just don't want to be here anymore. 




 I was in Brazil for two months visiting family. I wish I hadnt.
My boyfriend is a photographer and I saw on his page he took a few pictures of some girl.
She is our friends ex girlfriend, who's a heroin addict and put her through the wringer. 
My boyfriend decided to introduce her to my group of friends, as she doesn't have monday because she's from a different part of the state. She's been around while I've been gone.
I fought with my boyfriend when I saw those pictures, not knowing who she was. I found out, and I was over it.
I come home, excited to be back (it wasn't the easiest trip...family is tough) and the next two days she comes over. She works with him, and another mutual friend and my head took me to the darkest places. Do they have something? Have I been replaced?
In short, my mind won't stop, even though I KNOW none of this is true, and I feel like a psycho Fucking girlfriend and paranoid and sick and twisted and I want to relapse (2 years sober, alcoholic/addict) and I want to disappear. I hate admitting I have these insecurities, but I do. She's intimidated by me, and I talked to her, letting her know she's more than welcome here. To be honest, I wish she hadn't come into my life or anyone else's. I'm being selfish, I'm being horrible and I hate myself for being this person. I wish I had never existed. I hate myself and this is all so
Stupid and it sounds so
Stupid but it already hurts enough to write down my fears. It's been downplayed.
I don't think he would do anything to me. I know he didn't, but there is a voice in my head telling me that I'm alone, and everyone is hiding something from me. 

I'm in AA, I have resources, but I'd just rather hang myself in my closet and Dissapear.


EDIT: not monday, I meant she doesn't have many friends. 




 I'm not that creative! As long as my entire body is under the covers, I'm safe. Magic blankets? Who knows, only monsters under the bed will tell. 




 I'm on /r/nosleep every night while lying in bed and 99% of the time I end up under the covers. 




