 http://i.imgur.com/mFEd4rB.jpg 

This is no makeup, Id love any suggestions! But I'm definitely looking for a pretty wearable brown lip
 




 Absolutely love a few of their songs! 




 I'm being Mary Poppins! Any ideas? 




 Not that I recall, they're LE and I will admit I wasn't paying much attention, anyone know if they're the same price?  




 I absolutely love it! I'm not one who normally wears nudes or mlbb shades but I absolutely love this!  




 I hope they do, it is honestly much better, it's...less cheap looking? 




 I wish they would switch it! I like it a lot this way  




 I'm sorry my old packaging example is scratched up, but I picked up sweet cream last night and I was surprised that the packaging was different! It's blacker, and sleeker, I really like it! The cap to the lipstick hasn't changed at all, but overall im happy they changed it!  









 Heh, multiple orgasms 




 I'm pretty sure I have 10+ lipsticks just for putting my lip of the day in my purse and forgetting to take it out!' 




 Everyone's got a different type  




 Oh, I didn't understand why you were jugs saying "no"  




 I'm actually a little underweight, I have a very round face which could probably make someone think I'm chubby  




 Nope!  I just found this subreddit today! 




 To each their own! 




 Cutie pie 100000000000/10 I love you  




 Haha thanks! I was in a play,  




 Thank you! :) 




 Here are some more recent pictures I'm interested in what you have to say! 

http://imgur.com/Z1iiVZW
http://imgur.com/IDXji1P
http://imgur.com/8Me63hO
http://imgur.com/Qjj3gVl
 




 Why? 




 Here are some pictures, I tried to get a range of different styles or whatever 

http://imgur.com/4iHkhSJ
http://imgur.com/Z1iiVZW
http://imgur.com/IDXji1P
http://imgur.com/8Me63hO
http://imgur.com/Qjj3gVl
 




 I can't see the rules on mobile, I saw that there was a 16 year old on the front page so I assumed it wasn't just 18+. Just thought this would be a fun experience. Sorry that made you feel like you had to be sassy  









 Thanks! 




 Thanks for the advice! 




 Rant: all the Ulta stores within my immediate area (about a 3 city radius) are completely disgusting when it comes to their displays and testers. I recently went to try and look for a nice black lipstick (to no avail unfortunately) but was dumbfounded by the mess that was specifically the NYX and Benefit areas 

Rave: my new 24 Hour Color Tattoo in tough as taupe. I'm still trying to get a hold of creamy contour. But I absolutely love it so far!  




 I don't think I've ever heard that song and NOT cried  




 No they posted on their Instagram at it's July 31-August 2 




 Please let this be true  




 Already seen 2 people caught smoking pot and it was confiscated, and it's not even 4 on the first day! 




 I'm new to makeup! Id love to try all those products since I don't own any of them, and always have wanted to but I mean... A teen girl doesn't make enough money for all that   :((( I would love it if you picked me!  




 I live by central so I SHOULD be going there, but I go Glenn because of their theater program  




 Definitely, the homeless people seemed to spike in the past two or three years and now they're everywhere, the polish festival is going on right now and they're just wandering around it piss drunk. The city is getting more dangerous at night. But other than that the downtown area is super cute! 




 Hell yeah, I don't think I've been there yet and not seen a homeless man sleeping on it  




 An hour away from Ann Arbor here in Bay City! 




 She was the most obnoxious, loud mouthed, inconsiderate girl I had ever met,  we've been dating a year  




 Tri-city area in Michigan, maybe he reads reddit and just stole it, because I mean what are the odds that this thread is on the front page of r/askreddit AND the town radio host happens to share stories about bad break-ups that include getting a membership to the KKK  




 Dude I just heard my local radio guy that happened to him on air, this better be the same fucking guy  




 What does it mean? 




 I'd rather be a little slow and safe than aggressive and reckless when it comes to driving  









 That sucks! I wish it would have worked out better for you :( it's annoying know that no matter how many people tell you a foundation is great, every person's skin is different and we all need different things. I wish there was just one mega-foundation that worked for everything! 




 Thanks for the clarification!!  




 Could I be mistaken and thinking of photo ready instead if colorstay? 




 Are you sure you used the Whipped ? 




 I like to refer to myself as "cancer patient pale" if that give you any idea. The two lightest shades are very pale, one with yellow undertones and one with pink, I use the pink undertoned one which would be the "second lightest" but I think it is very pale, if you can I would try it on in stores but I don't think you'd be dissapointed! 




 Rave: Tarte Amazon Clay 12 hour Foundation. I have an unbelievably oily face and this is the only foundation I've discovered that's able to control it. It is my exact shade and doesn't make me break out, plus I can't even feel it when it's on my face. Truly the best item of makeup I own to date. 

Rant: Revlon colorstay whipped. It's got glitter in it??????? Who wants glittery foundation!?  




 Product List 

NYX Mosaic Blush 
Random Brown Eyeshadow  




