 Darwin was racist. 




 Potato lover 




 We had the same issue as OP a while ago, updating malisis doors was the solution 




 Lol ty jolli. Here's to many more years? :P 




 Its a bug with Malasis doors 




 Thanks, it worked now! TIL :) 




 Are those 7x7, 11x11 circles etc around the cauldron like around the golden glyph or not? 




 Or else?! :P 




 Oh wow, so simple! I'm gonna remember this! 




 We are very similar, except that I had 6 years of French in high school so I think I can speak, read and understand a lot of French already :) 




 It was very similar to the Dutch word pantoffels 




 I speak Dutch and I can see it's a legit word, but I have no idea what it means. It's some kind of duty/task and something to do with a compensation I think. 




 Slippers? 




 Bagpipes! 




 Beautiful :) 




 Ah, alright, thanks :) 




 Wow, great work as always! I have one question though, what are the items that Pakratt seems to be collecting? :P 




 I hope you can do this and finish it :) Good luck. 




 I'm 21, should be graduating in June but I'm not. Screwed up my internship because of some personal issues as well as a lack of motivation and broke up with my boyfriend all in one week. At the moment I'm struggling with the fresh breakup (first one) and all its joys while wondering what to do next with my life. 




 Bioinformatics, to be honest. Biology will always be here but as the amount of data available is increasing drastically, there's people needed who can process this, yet know what they're doing. 




  Initial panic once the season started

Honestly, the first episodes from season 5 were indeed hilarious. Genny showing everyone the difficulty was on hard, a lot of people yelling there's mobs around and of course we're starting the season with rain :) 




 I have no idea why you were downvoted. Each mindcracker has their own good series going on, it's just to find out which of these you like the most yourself. 




 It annoys me when I feel pretty good the next morning, yet morning people are slow and grumpy. Get out of the way man. Don't look at your phone while walking the stairs and put a smile on your face. 




 Yeah, I'm hoping both Generikb and BdoubleO will go to HermitCraft. 




 In case carpenter's blocks is in your modpack: carpenter's block, shift+right click one glowstone dust on it, then the block itself that should cover the carpenter's block. Bit more glowstone needed, but it makes the block glow and you don't have annoying nooks preventing you from placing down other blocks/machines. 




 Found through Generikb's Beecademy. 




 Can confirm, I've seen them live once and it was amazing :)  




 I had a Minecraft related question and ran into the subreddit. 




 Never ever put Within Temptation in a tent on a festival. Saw them at Lowlands in 2011, main stage. The echo under Sharon's voice was too big, couldn't really hear the music anymore. It's been the only time I've walked away from a band ever. I had seen them in Zwolle a couple years before that happened and that must have easily been one of their best shows. They are pretty good in open air. 




 Can confirm that this is a fun server to play on :) Been around since november and I probably won't leave for another 4-5 months. We're actually open for applications now too /u/Eaves12! 




 There's a big list of Thaumcraft add-ons, maybe have a look at some of those. Also Magical Crops? 




 Hermethcraft 




 Made me think of Arctic Monkeys? 




 Sometimes I google myself to see what a total stranger can find out about me. 




 Yay :D 




 Being hard on myself and being emotional (mother), being stubborn (father) I think. Also passion for music from my father. 




 Not much, actually. Lot of small simple things that are quite realistic like meeting friends who live across the border, see Editors live, make a roadtrip. 




 I just bought you a puppy. 




 Advil (liquid ibuprophen caps) + either hot shower or bed, whatever I feel like 




 Sushi and sauerkraut 




 "You still have to do this", man I would annoy so many people 




 You still need to do this again. :P 




 Skype is mainly used to chat, we never do voice calls on Skype and you can disable notifications in the group chat. It is very useful to have, as we don't post every single thing to the forums. It's not a requirement but I myself see it as a big part of this community. 




 At what time did we finish work last Saturday? I forgot. 




 Currently coding in Python, as requested here within the company. 




 Help people get their baby car + kids on the train, or bikes, or heavy suitcases. Once stepped out of a crowded bus so this guy in a wheelchair could get to his appointment in the hospital. 




 You should try a complete reinstall of your modpack or contact your admins. 




 Are the witchery villages even lit properly? 




 I don't understand abuse. 




 Here in the Netherlands we have something called Kapsalon, fries with doner meat, garlic sauce, chili sauce and a bit of lettuce etc. Grilled cheese on top. 1800kcal 




 See you tonight. 




 Mine is in a loop after just three words :( Ah well as a bit of the first time to be a bit of the first time to be a. And if I start my sentence with I: I am not the first time to be a bit of the first time to be a bit of the. :( same loop 




 Given it a chance. Its just not funny. :/ 




 Seinfeld 




 /r/asexuality :( still need to tell him 




 Be honest, be yourself. Admit it when you are maybe not good at something but tell them you want to work on it and see it as a challenge. 




 Put a few screws in my grandma's coffin to close it off, literally and figuratively speaking. I loved her and she had been suffering from cancer for years. 




 These are literally the first three animals I could think of. Either a loving, caring domestic dog, or to be as free as an eagle / dolphin. 




 I had a good week for once. Finally got something off my chest to my SO and I've felt relieved and free ever since. Had a lot of fun, got my internship back on track, had a good weekend of work. I feel much better than the past two months. 




 Something absolutely annoying, like mirror all text. 




 Why am I not surprised to see you in this thread? :P 




 Taking a plate of bread out of the oven, glass door closed against my elbow. Couldn't do anything because the bread would drop. Should've just dropped the bread. 




 Ah, yeah. Infusions are like giving yourself certain abilities/resistances right? I now have an owl familiar and I've been flying around looking for coven witches but no such luck yet. 




 Plenty options there. Online lessons/tutorials, buy one of these books that start at zero and have sheet music and a music disc so you can play along, or take lessons. 




 Ah sweet, you got one already? Have fun! :) 




 The last one is pretty sick. 




 I need to dance whenever Wannabe is on the radio. 




 Pick a music instrument. 




 I am not sure if this is 80s too (I'm on my phone) but Duran Duran - Wild Boys 




 A song that will always bring me to tears is Fix You by Coldplay 




 That's no good music then. Good music hits a snare and makes tears stream down your face. 




 I feel very bad, I didn't text this but I could, in the relationship I'm currently in. I just don't want to lie to him.. 




 Fix You by Coldplay 




 "Pull my finger"  




 I believe it's called TV Guide or something along those lines.. 




 Thanks, hope so too. 




 I'm still wide awake, 5AM by now. 




 Calming down, just finished playing a UHC in minecraft with a couple friends. We won after a crazy game. About to go to bed, it's 3AM now and in 9 hours I'm supposed to be at work. 




 There's plenty of apps that do this, where you just manually keep track of what you've been watching. 




 [Have a listen...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJWIJs27gyU) 




 De Staat, a band from Nijmegen. They're known within the Netherlands and maybe a few surrounding countries. They deserve so much more. I've seen them live a couple times and it's good every time. 




 Saved this for later use, thanks!  




 Makes you build up the discipline you will need later in college/university. Definitely worth it. First three years of college were easy enough for me. 




 I know there's no serious tag on this, but this might be *too soon* 




 It's scary how mad I can get at myself after doing something stupid. It builds up inside, eventually leading to a phase where I zone out and need pain to get back on my feet. 




 Sleep in, coffee, shower, coffee, food and games until I tip over from being too tired. I get these days every now and then in the weekends and life just can't get better. My main worry of the day is to make sure my coffee doesn't turn cold. 




 A friend in high school who committed suicide. 




 I've always overestimated driving a car. I still have to start my driver's lessons and I'm 21 now. 




 One of my roommates occasionally meows at us. Just looking for attention I think. 




 I'm on the train to work now, in a silence zone, so that would make for a lot of angry faces. 




 That is so organised. Satisfying to look at! 




 A new tire for my bike. Well that's fun. 




 Jeetje. 




 There are a few guys who always eat a cup of noodles as lunch. 




 Ah alright, good to know! Would be a shame to find out too late :p 




 Take care of yourself, do what feels best and remember things can only get better. 




 Sauerkraut, sushi 




 The pack is on the Technic Launcher, search for "Indeed Beta". You should be able to download it and play. 




 We run a custom modpack. Sorry, I should've maybe linked [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/feedthebeastservers/comments/304d8c/indeed_custom_1710_pack_hqm_vanilla_mini_games/) reddit post. There's a modlist in the comments. It's a pack designed for low-end computers, I can run it fine on my laptop. I can't access dynmap from where I am now, why isn't it useful? Server is probably empty at the moment, everyone's at work. I agree on the games tab though, haha. We mostly use the forums and Skype to communicate. Have a look at the reddit post, you can apply through the forums :) 




 Now that I think of it, I have seen Kim and Duncan from the yogscast do this in their Flux Buddies series. They used bear traps to contain them or shoved them into 1x1 holes, 2 blocks deep. I'll have a look, thanks again :) 




 Yeah I thought so. Witchery is such a big mod, it's got way more than I expected. There are so many things you can easily miss the first time you play it. I think I might do some lycantropy later, I first wanna get the witchcraft stuff going.

If you ever want to join a server, I can recommend you check out the Indeed community (www.indeedcommunity.com). Ever since I've joined, I've been having fun and made a lot of friends there. We have just opened for applications again. 




 Heh, wow. Amazing :) Thanks so much for the ideas, would be amazing to get them working! Really looking forward to try them! 




 Wow thanks for the large response! I'll have a look at the Brew of Flowing Spirit, sounds like it's very important. No idea what it does yet but it's probably around on the wiki's and/or in the in-game books.

Yeah it'll have to be a big maze, but I can just design it in creative I think. Should be fun to push a few test subjects.. uuh server members into it. It's a long-term project but I'm known for not finishing long-term projects. I'll see how things will go.

Good to know the others can just go kill stuff. :) Will have a talk with the group to see who's in for some fun hehe. 




