 This sounds lame but its actually awesome: How does magic work?

In the film industry, we have to know exactly how to make people swallow things they know aren't true. How does time travel work? The flux capacitor. Nobody asks how the flux capacitor works. But bring up "unobtainium" which is essentially the same story MacGuffin and everybody cries foul. 

It's super interesting to see what bullshit phlebotinum people will accept, and what people have so much trouble believing. For example, I'm working on a pilot about lawyers, and at great expense I had a civil tort attorney fact check the script. But audiences weren't buying...the truth. 




 Dude, I need this speech right now. 

I'm doctoring a script right now by a guy who knew nothing about APD. And I'm having a hard time because...I know next to nothing about APD. Is it true that some feel remorse or is this just more manipulation? The story centers around a kid. I know that the character can't be technically diagnosed with APD until he's eighteen, but he's hurting animals and other kids. How would a school therapist respond? How would the conversation with the parents go? Is there a protocol? 

Thanks in advance. Also, any personal stories that you can divulge without sacrificing someone's privacy would be extremely appreciated. Especially something related to an APD patient's parents. 




 I would give anything to give John Oliver a high five. 




 The slowest movie in the universe is called Jean de Florette. But it is so freaking worth it. If you can just make it through the literal five hours from the first movie until the last scene in the sequel, and I'm not sure you can without shooting yourself in the head, you will be happy you did. 




 That's an unfair comparison. I can turn my cell off or adjust the privacy settings. By design, if I subverted this theoretical GPS system I would be stealing. 




 Do you really want a company GPS tracking everywhere you go? 




 FADE IN on a dingy dive bar.

VO Guy: In a world where no famous person's slutty pictures are safe, one man will stand up against corruption. 




 




 LA. We once had a thriving public transport system. When the government put it up for auction, the car companies bought it up and tore it down. Now we all drive cars. 
Not exactly creepy. But still a dark, dirty secret. 




 Best of luck with your production. 




 The DMV uses the income from registration to offset the expenditures of building new roads. If you gave registration power to a company, the physical process might move quicker, but you are guaranteed less roads. In fact, what would be the incentive to pay for any roads at all unless you could charge people in real time for every drive on every road? Are some roads of social value that cannot be determined by the market? Does this not necessarily give monopoly power to one company every time you want to drive home from work?  




 The post office, but that's no big secret. We keep it open not because it's more efficient than FedEx and even though we lose lots of money on the program, but because certain communications are an absolute right like the ability to pay your taxes. In that context, "better handled" makes the question ambiguous. The problem gets even more complicated when you ask it like this: If a business were to "handle" a service for the reasons that a government would, would it still be a business at all? Can a business be a business if its fiduciary duty is secondary?  




 Depends.

Subtler time dilation techniques are more often used for this cheat. Take for example moving from an interior to an exterior. Diagetically, the story could progress from night to sunrise, but it would be especially helpful to production/operations if you could start the day at sunset and continue into the night. So you just shoot the first shot early at sunset and take a wee break until the sun goes down for the next shot.

But it sounds like you are trying to do something a little bolder. First, one of the dead giveaways to playing in reverse is actually sound, but I imagine you would be severely under cranking so you could get the "sunrise" in real time so that wouldn't really be a problem. (I'm assuming that by WS you meant you're pointing directly at the sun like some sort of intro into Africa lol.) But a sunrise means nothing unless you can see the horizon, and that means necessarily seeing part of your environment. That might not be a problem if you're shooting something static like a desert or something, but cities have cars. For example, a more subtle screw up would be not to watch out for trees. When the wind blows through them, there's a natural falling motion that follows the acceleration due to gravity that won't translate into reverse. 
One last thing, if your setting is more urban, watch out for lights. When the Sun goes down, lights come on. When the Sun is coming up, lights are already off.  




 As a cinematographer, we play on this illusion all the time. With the exception of direction (re: one is west, one is east) the two are indistinguishable, especially at the hour known as "golden time" where even directionality is obfuscated. 




 Long term. By most estimates short term is only about two minutes long. 

But the powers that be are studying people with certain disorders that make them unable to encode data from short term to long term and interestingly they start to forget things long before the two minute mark.  




 I like the rebel EOS series, but they haven't really had anything new since the T3i had the fold out monitor, so go back a few generations and buy for a discount. But the rule of thumb is that if you have any sort of budget at all for cameras, invest in the glass instead of the body. And pick a side. I like Canon, but there are lots of options.  




