 You're a fucking moron. 




 In a rational world, this would be an obvious answer. 

But these people are in as much fear for their child's current life as much as the next, and truly believe that the next world is a better place. 

Would you risk a million bucks a week forever if you ask for 5 to grab a sandwich now? That's how they think. 




 Shit happens. I agree that its fucked up, but you can't trample on someone's religion.  




 You can't force your religion/ values on someone else. 

Sometimes it sucks, but most of the time its the tits. (Legality of caffeine, alcohol, gaybuttstuff, burkas, and so on.) 




 Why can't we all just hate each other silently and alone?  




 I've been referring to myself as 'Snow Samoan' recently. 

Am Aleut. 




 :C  




 Says the field nigga. /s

I don't get checks. Would be sweet as fuck though. 




 Apparently since I haven't met a black woman I would consider dating versus having met and dated white women, I am racist.

FFS what kind of logic is that?   




 ITT: People too young to understand what aging is. 




 Its what I've found that I enjoy. Its cheaper than drinking, more interesting that walking etc, and I can go see new places, new things you wouldn't see normally. Its also the combination of driving and music that let's me slow down my thoughts enough to sort them out. 

There's always just a lot going on. 

And yes, I've tried other thinks like you've suggested.

Its about as rational as liking one soda or another. Just personal taste. 




 I love driving around at night to clear my head. Just music, miles and my thoughts. 

I would really miss being able to do that. 




 Yeah. It depends on how much she charges for her time though. A hundred dollar an hour hooker is pretty much just used to chat, bang, chat, goodbye. 




 Its actually really nice. Just hang out and talk about whatever. They don't mind, trust me.  




 Like just hang out and watch TV or something?  




 Cool ranch doesn't need any more dip.  




 Kerry was shit because he was stiff, too rich and couldn't connect well. Dean was a much MUCH better candidate but didn't get the nomination because of Democrat's infighting. It was a shitshow. 




 Do you like Doritos? 




 Kiddie porn is still kiddie porn. 




 /r/im19andimagrownassmanwhodontneednoageofconsentlaws 




 I'm saying that its flawed logic. 

Also, I'm calling you an ephibophile, not a pedophile. Though you do seem to have a fear of periods so maybe a pedo. 




 Said the man in his defense before being sentenced to 20 years. 




 Yeah, but it's still a bit weird considering the context of the sub is pretty much nsfw. 




 Don't forget usasexguide for reviews of providers. 




 4 times so far. 

Though to be fair there were like a couple of thousand years between the first two. And Kerry was a shit sandwich. 




 Ugh, I bet they hate Gandhi and Buddha because of some fucking cispatriacismbabiesonspikes.... SOMEONE MAKE THE FUCKING PAIN STOP. 

Just shoot me. The masochist has had enough pain. 




 Drive first, do whatever the fuck else, LATER. 




 /r/im14andihavenorealisticoutlookonlifeoranysenseofhumorbecauseihavesubbedtoredpillandtheronpaulorgyhour 




 DAT CREDIT SCORE. 




 I've had civs fight me to the death without ever offering peace. And Bluetooth is generally one of the guys who says 'fuckit, all or nothing' even though he has a shitty little new city on the edge of the map. 




 You're lucky. My mother won't talk to my brother, her own son. 

I never got baptized so its OK that I actively try and point out logical fallacies and hypocrisy in her religion, but my brother saying one thing when he was 12 and doing another thing 15-20 years later is just too much.

Not actual insanity but super fucking close. 




 The point is to get the platform airtime, and that's exactly what's going to happen. 

And the people who actually study politics knew that from the beginning.  




 Out of all the things you can do, all the ridiculous, insane, beautifully brain damaged things, a flying mod is what makes you want a PC. 




 Shyt nhgga, I hav 3 hole whyskies. 




 It may be because I've had a few whiskeys, but I chuckled. 




 Only narcs call other people narcs. 




 hehhehheHEHHEHheh. hehhehhehHEHHEHHEH. 

HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE. 




 Nah, I haven't seen age of Ultron yet. 




 We don't discriminate. 

But 6ft for a woman is pretty damn tall. 




 Do you think they will remove more, or less content? 




 Found the tattle tale. 




 How high? 




 Hey, its going to be alright. 

Breathe man, breathe. 




 It's from a song. 




 "No matter what a stripper says, there is NO sex in the Champagne room." 




 Fuck a Dominican Chick and you will no longer be boring. 




 See? You've got it.

If you can't win a fight on merit, confuse the fuck out of the other person/being/lackthereof. 




 Holy potato batman! 




 Some type of gray because black and white film. 




 I know jville is largest in land area... 




 STOP USING MY HEADMATES SPECIES AS A JOKE SHITLORD.

Can't/won't we/us all/some just stop/go making/destroying light/dark of iron/ferrite nouns/proper nouns/adjectives/verbs/non-linguists? 




 "I'm alright."

The test determined that was a lie.

*Shrugs shoulders.* 




 Y'all mothafuckers need switchbacks. 




 That ending felt so rushed in the last episode. 

It was like not being able to crap for an hour. You feel it and hold it and you sweat a little and hold it and you clench and waddle and then you get to the restroom and it feels like you can't hold it. You fumble with your belt, oh god is there toilet paper?! You clench waddle to the cabinet, pull down your pants and... Pft. 

That's it.  




 Anti-rape device. 

The one with the needless and shit. 




 Jet fuel is a lot like diesel/kerosene. Regardless, this was a giant office building. There was a bunch of shit in there that would have melted down and burned.  




 Whoever down voted you is a moron. 




 Ohshit. Thanks for reminding me to get one of those number stickers. 




 I'm pretty sure its a joke. 

Then again, the best conspiracies are the ones you think are jokes.  




 I had someone tell me that it was a hoax and their reasoning was that it would have been cheaper to mine the surface of the moon than to send one probe to mars. 

I almost started seizing because I couldn't figure out what he was saying. 




 You could say it would be inefficient. 

Which is just wholly Un-German. 




 Holy shit dude. That's fucked up. 




 Gotta work on your cuts/transitions. 

Made me giggle though. 




 But the stories they could tell...  




 You're paying $5 for the piece of paper, which is itself, useless. It is not like a birth certificate, it is a momento. 




 Take that you dirty little snooguzzler. 




 A spelling error.  




 Oh, I get it. I was just commenting on how few views it has for being a rather well known song. 




 Only 3500 views? 




 No one asked for your opinion, fuckboy. 




 I love crude humor and I would rather be around those who do too, but being alarmed that a lot of people don't share that humor is losing in the special Olympics levels of retarded. 




 I'm progressive and I believe that.  




 I am really disappointed that isn't just a place to go for compliments. 




 /r/im14andiveneverdealtwithadultwomeninanykindofromanticeituationexceptthatonetimeiwentonmyfreecamsandpaidhertosayshelovesme 




 Is that even legal yet? 




 I'd so put it in her pooper. 




 ITT; /u/blackblarneystone left their account logged on and their 12 year old brother found it. 




 Woah. I feel like I missed something. 




 Gunpowder in the twigs, heat the wire with friction, light gunpowder with hot wire. 




 That's like 90% of the way to 1st degree murder. 




 Remember, property is generally considered a good investment. 

Also booze. Lots and lots of booze. 




 The reason they are constantly campaigning is because of the money machine. 

I went to a fundraiser for a State Representative -elect. They hadn't even been in office yet but were fundraising because if they were going to be reelected they needed to start asap.

She was a good rep too. Still lost because of shit messaging from the state and national parties.  




 I am the 94% 




 You aren't wrong, but reddit loves its libertarian spam/bots. 




 You think election season ends? 

Shit's important yo. Would you base a relationship that lasts 4 years and has major impact on your life without trying to get to know the person? 

Plus there's only like 5 elections a decade. It isn't really that hard to stay informed. 




 I thought Benedryl Campervan called them peggins. 




 You aren't understanding what I'm saying, and I don't think I can explain what I mean in a way that will make sense to you. 




 Its a warp field created by bending spacetime. Think of it like the Concorde program. They would have to get out over sea to avoid the sonic boom from breaking windows. And I said given the speed of light. I didn't exclude going faster. 

I'm thinking logistics wise, not unbridled idealism. 




 Given the speed of light it would take a couple of minutes. 

Plus you'd probably not want to bend spacetime anywhere near other people because you have no idea what effect that can have. 




 Clearly I haven't stuck my dick into you. 




 What if the dick being sticked is crazier? 




 Yeah that's how I understood it. Still bull though, you lose most heat through uncovered skin, while that may end up being your face, it doesn't dissipate heat any more rapidly than the rest of you. 




 So are we just going to ignore the white fedora..?  




 So many fingerprints. 




 I don't play lol. 




 And here I was thinking it was more like "It belongs in a museum" brand of scientific pure-ism.  









 Why not eleven/eleven/eleven-eleven? 




 And the people who eat Mounds are crazy. 




 What's more helpful to the general populous? 

Here's a thought. 

EDUCATE THEM. If the general population is so scientifically illiterate it is literally killing them, perhaps we should focus on educating our children instead of teaching them even shittier non-science. 




  you don't necessarily realize the amount of sodium, sweeteners, etc.... that go into it. 

Stick to the serving size and you should be fine. Of course you shouldn't eat 2000 calories of beef jerky because that's like 10x the amount of sodium you should have. 

Processed food is fine as long as you don't eat too much. I.E. More than 2000 calories a day. 




 In general, typically...? I would hold their weight the same. 

People think refined foods are worse because it is easier to over indulge. Refined sugar is no more dangerous *in the appropriate amount* than say pure cane or beet sugar. Adding stabilizers and preservatives does not decrease the healthy-ness of food. Sure it can make the quality crap. It'll taste different, but it is not one the whole more or less healthy than, say, organic alternatives. 




 And then there is anti-science bullshit. 

If someone wants to say that you shouldn't things that you can't pronounce, I'm going to poke the hole in that seriously flawed logic. Saying things are bad because you don't understand them is pretty much the same thing as xenophobia. 




 It ain't easy being cheesy. 




 The retardation is strong with this one. 




 Its copy-pasta. 




 So you're the asshole who shows up to Chuckie Cheese and calls the kids 'filthy casuals.' 




