 This definitely resonated with me. Beautifully written. 




 I am having trouble finding the right foundation for my skin. I thought Classic Ivory, Ivory, or Nude would be the right fit for me  (even I had talked to people who worked at Ulta Beauty Shop and they believed it's the right color for me) but because now that it's summer, my skin's a bit tan now and I look a bit ashy with Ivory.  As for the color "Nude" - it depends because I have NYX Stay Matte but Not Flat Liquid Foundation and I think it's the right color for me, it has the yellow undertones to it I think. But when I tried the NYX HD Liquid Foundation with the same name, "Nude" - it's a bit lighter than the matte one and I still look ashy with it.

My skin is normal to oily.  This is the [picture](http://imgur.com/UvcJdxn) I took two weeks ago.  I have no foundation on, no makeup on.  I just hope this help you guys to get a better idea of which would be the better foundation for me...  Please help. It would be tremendous if I could find the right color for my skin.

Let me know if you need more information - I'll reply to your comments. Thanks. 




 Thanks for the tips! 




 I can't wait to get mine. I just ordered a couple of days ago!! 




 I've been watching a couple of different YouTube videos with different YouTube makeup gurus (such as Desi, Jaclyn, Pixiwoo) on brow tutorial.  Of course everyone does it differently but I have noticed that after filling in the eyebrows, they highlight to shape and clean up the brows... I have seen some used powder(?) and some used concealer(?)... correct me if I'm wrong... but which would be recommended to use after filling in the brows? 




 Thanks, I'll try that. 




 I try to when I can.  I just have this anxiety about being in the gym, full of people. Always thinking about what other people are thinking.  It's just very unsettling at times. 




 Can depression change your sanity?

I'm just so tired of being depressed. I'm just done. It's driving me crazy. I'm tired of being tired. I'm tired of being numb. I'm tired of watching time goes by, knowing if I don't do something different... then it'll be all I will ever know... I'm just SO tired. 




 I don't recognize the person I was 3 years ago, even though I was dealing with depression (only at the time, I thought I was getting better). I saw myself smiling often and laughing in pictures. I wondered if I was faking it or if it was a genuine person, just enjoying life.  I just don't recognize that myself...

I just don't remember that feeling anymore. I just don't recognize happiness.  Why does depression hurt? Why does it have to be agony? 




 I think that the best way to evaluate yourself before taking on medications would be talking to a therapist and ask for his/her opinion.  You can always get a second opinion by a different therapist and if you want to see a psychiatrist, you can discuss that with the therapist and they can refer you to see a psychiatrist and have them properly diagnose you and would help you get the right medication for you. I have done that and truly, overtime you learn about yourself better and you decide what's right for you.  Good luck, we're all here for you. 




