 Marni(e) by itself is a common jewish name, pretty sure its just marnie! 




 oh my god shaant is actually the worst. had to unfollow him on IG/snapchat/twitter etc.  




 me too. im pretty sure beckett's tweet was like "this is a farewell show" and it didnt sound very promising :/// 




 CentreMarriage.com is the website for Centre Marriage  Relational Therapy with Shane Landherr (MMFT). My friend worked with him and he was great. He is also starting a non profit called Your Marriage Matters.  




 Bless. 




 I moved back to Jersey after I graduated a few weeks ago -____-. But I'll be back.  




 seeing you guys @ the archway might be my favorite past time...just sayin'  









 Happy fucking birthday. Do something nice for yourself  




 Central PA here some came to us! 




 Abso fucking lutely me. No advice here, just know you're not alone in this. It drives me nuts I can't even enjoy when I feel good because I'm waiting for it to not last  




 I've had shitty psychiatrists who told me to go on weight watchers and to stop taking medications other doctors prescribed. Sorry for your luck :( you don't deserve that! 




 the trick is to make it like a casual conversation, being uptight wont help them connect with you.  




 http://www.buzzfeed.com/crystalro/brilliantly-cheesy-ways-couples-say-i-love-you#.bwaMdlrnK 

#6 is a link to my tumblr, it was my project gift to my boyfriend they posted (omg why is this so big i cant reddit)  




 Buzzfeed got one of their numbers for a list off my tumblr and linked it I felt pretty cool for a hot minute  




 Even if they're a shitty company, you're still going to help the people you're going to help. I feel like every place has its bad politics in some way or another. My vote is yes--you'll still be doing all you can to help your clients  




 Scientology  




 I needed to hear this today. Thank you. 




 The fraternity.  It was a coed trip and I just applied to every one i was eligible for and they put me on it 




 ...agreed.
.....very agreed.. 




 the face he makes when he's sleeping  




 mine too! 




 OH yeah go in the direction of the crowd....dont fight that shit youll die  




 Get right in the middle of the crowd no matter how uncomfortable it is  




 Run the day, don't let the day run you  




 Went winter break 2013-2014 on an AEPi trip (I'm a girl). Left out of Newark, NJ. Let me know if I can answer anything  









 Jesus. Interesting timing because I am a mercer county native just graduating from college and currently working in a jail, so I was looking at opportunities back in jersey. They said the male officer was monitoring the female alone?? Which isn't a thing at the facility I work at. Even if a male counselor wants to meet with a female there needs to be someone else in the counseling wing  




 Yeah this! went to a school bc I fell in love with the campus and energy but turns out the Greek life is massive and it makes the school shitty  




 hi i love ths 




