 27, married, have a 6 month old son and 2 cats.  Starting a new job ($15k more and advancement prospects) on Monday.  Love my husband, love my life for the most part.  The biggest thing I'm dealing with right now is my weight.  I'm fat, always had problems with food (like a borderline addiction).  Trying to get healthy for my son and husband but the apathy is overwhelming, on top of being a mother and working full time. 




 Rhys grabs my chin or lip when he's trying to fall asleep in my arms.  He'll wave his arm around until he's found something to grab on to.  Only when I'm holding him.   




 That's a great suggestion! I'll probably get her that gift card and then a cute outfit or some small gift to go with it.  




 Ok so I was the first one out of all my friends who had a baby so I hadn't been to a registry before. Now I am going to one and the mom to be has registries, but none of them have a rock n play. From experience and talking to other moms, the rock n play has been a godsend. They have a bouncer seat and swing on the registries...

I personally didn't mind when people went off registry and got things we didn't register for.  But I wanted to hear others' opinions before doing this. 

EDIT: Thanks!  I'll be getting her a gift card and telling her about the rock n play but let her decide on her own instead.  I'll also probably get a cute outfit or book to go with the gift card. 




 Omg but hi chew is fucking delicious.  




 Oddly enough peekaboo doesn't work until they start to develop permanence. Before they do its just out of sight, out of mind.  




 Go check out /r/rupaulsdragrace sometime.  Huge rpdr community here. 




 You're both correct.  Drag has sometimes been a gateway for transgendered females (see [Carmen Carerra](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmen_Carrera) and [Sonique](http://logosrupaulsdragrace.wikia.com/wiki/Sonique)).  However the majority of the time drag performers identify as male. 




 I think the faster pooper should go first if the urge is equal. My husband takes like 20 minutes to poop but I can be in and out in 90 seconds.  




 I am fat and have a horrible relationship with food. When I am eating healthy all I can think about is junk food. It's like an addiction, all I can think about is where I'll get my next fix. I've also done my share of bingeing and purging, in small amounts and very occasionally, but it's there. No amount of therapy or medication has seemed to help at all. I am desperate to change for my 6 month old son but I have no motivation to put in the work and get healthy for him or myself. 

Tied in with this comes a healthy dose of depression, anxiety, and self loathing. I am in therapy and on medication and constantly trying, but the apathy is overwhelming.  




 I'm well aware that my belief is irrational and illogical, but maybe I have a psychological need for faith in a higher power.  It makes me feel more at ease, and I don't get panic attacks worrying about death.   




 Werewolf bar mitzvah 




 Just because I believe it doesn't mean I absolutely know 100% beyond a shadow of a doubt that God exists 




 I believe in God but I have no proof he exists and am not absolutely certain of his existence. Therefore... Agnostic theist.  




 I always do because of the common confusion, though I don't go around talking about my personal beliefs that often. 




 You just have to wait until they grow in again.  It'll take about 2 months.  




 You're mostly right.  I technically associate myself with Christianity, but I feel like Christianity also has some things incorrect, because we just can't comprehend an all-powerful being fully as temporal mortals. 




 I'd like to actually get a queen back who wasn't immediately eliminated.  Having a queen come back and get to the top 3 would be a nice twist. 




 I'm an agnostic theist and *mostly* feel the same way, only I do believe in a god. 




 Anecdotal:  I need advancement opportunities.  The first 3 jobs I had out of college have been stagnant.  The job I'm currently at pays well enough, but I have nowhere to go in this company.  I will be starting at a job in 2 weeks as a Jr. associate (to keep it vague), so there are multiple levels for me to advance to and then more opportunity from there.  It's less about the money and more about seeing progress in my career.  I'm aware I'll probably get to a point in my career where I'm comfortable at my level, but I need to see some advancement at some point. 




 Cory and Topanga. 




 So exciting!  He loves eating solids, and I can't stop finding recipes for baby food.  So many new things to make! 




 [Eating avocado for the first time](http://i.imgur.com/DYTu80x.jpg)

[Easter!](http://i.imgur.com/RuYqF0X.jpg)

[Hulk baby](http://i.imgur.com/t2A6oMd.jpg)

[Independence!](http://i.imgur.com/Se0qnql.jpg)

[First time in the grocery cart seat](http://i.imgur.com/f59NkFT.jpg) 




 Looks like lemon or chocolate cream, meringue wouldn't stick like that. 




 I'm "reading" (listening to) Lolita.  For my book club. 




 I have a pixie and will only go to one guy at the salon in one of the malls in my city.  He knows my hair, I've gone to him for years.

When I had really long hair, it didn't matter much to me. 




 That's the one I was raised on (Southern Baptist).  At my first Lutheran Easter I was singing "Christ the Lord" and got some funny looks before I realized my mistake. 




 http://i.imgur.com/ZjhFJ6t.jpg

Human puppy! 




 I'd be willing to bet RC servers have half your section with double the turnover time. 




 Your station may have more tables or higher turnover than RC.  RC may be more expensive, but you sit at the table for longer.  Most steakhouses have small sections, too, so the customers get the best service possible. 




 Our other cat is Evelyn 




 Our cat got into my husband's stash a couple years ago at night. We had put the bag on the highest shelf under stuff but the smell must have attracted Walter. Woke up to a lot of cat puke. He ended up being ok but I felt so bad for him after that night. We also got a mason jar for the stash after that.  




 Yeah the only time I have ever talked to anyone about my son's penis is when he had a slight infection on it, and even then it was only to my mom and MIL.  




 Yeah but that means central AC everywhere! 




 I saw an Intervention with a bulimic girl who would eat 24,000 calories per day.   




 Yeah there are a ton of precautions you can take, most of which ensure the baby doesn't suffocate. If it were really SIDS there wouldn't be any precautions you could take and it would be 100% unavoidable.  




 OK Now I'm intrigued.  You need to get this recipe and share it!   




 I don't know if I'd consider infertility an insecurity, but I do see what you're saying.   




 Don't push when you poop! That's the secret. 




 There are certain things that come out OK in the microwave.  You can cook a whole potato in a microwave, things like mug cakes/cookies come out OK.  But I've seen cookbooks from the 60's where they talk about cooking a whole turkey in a microwave and it just grosses me out to think about. 




 Legitimate pregnancy isn't a joke or a prank.  Maybe I'm different than most people in that if I know a joke (or think of a prank) that would potentially hurt someone else's feelings, I wouldn't tell that joke or pull that prank.

And as a response to your edit: again, your analogies aren't jokes or pranks.  




 When they were singing Happy Birthday to LRH a year after he died I was laughing at how absolutely ridiculous it was.  Then my husband goes "We celebrate Jesus's birthday every year, too."

 




 2013 Prius C here.  It's great for gas mileage and such, but for first time buyers I would absolutely recommend a Toyota Corolla or Camry.  They're inexpensive and with regular maintenance will last for 10 years at least, no problem. 




 I want them all! 




 I think if you post it on FB as an april fools joke it can hurt people unintentionally.  Like, for example, the women who struggle with infertility, or the women who have suffered many miscarriages or lost a child. 




 Same happened to me after coming back from my maternity leave.  Starting a new job in 3 weeks! 




 I'd second the Rudy's recommendation.  A lot of people will put it down because it's a chain, but I have yet to have a bad meal from there. 




 All the time.  I'm not a super sexual person, and I'm fine with vanilla PIV alone.  I'm big, very self conscious about my body, and very inflexible in my hip joints.  It's really painful for me to be on top, and I'm pretty sure I just lay there like a dead fish.  I know my husband finds our sex life really boring, but with how I am and then taking into account the fact that I take Celexa, I'm just not a sexually interesting person.  I'm working on it for his sake, because I don't want him to be unhappy with any facet of our relationship.   




 I'm pretty sure they've already put one up on Louetta near 249.  If you're driving by HEB there's this big lamp looking thing, but it doesn't look like any of the lighting around it.  Pretty sure it's a stingray. 




 I wish I could do that, but I'm so empathetic and I know if I were to quit on the spot then a lot of my coworkers would be screwed because they'd have to pick up my duties, which are highly detailed and would take them days to learn to do efficiently.
 




 We have more donuts. 




 I'm currently waiting on a job offer call, I plan on participating in my own version of this relatively soon.  Only I'm such a pansy I'll just turn in my 1.5 weeks notice (and i'll be thinking "yeah, that's right, 10 days.  Not the standard two weeks because you don't deserve it").   




 Or they bring Trixie back.^let^me^dream^okay?
 




 Y....yeah.  He did.  




 Jesus even said if you won't give joyfully, don't give at all.  




 I agree. I actually really don't like Archer and Lana being together, I think it takes away from a lot of possibly situations.  




 I think in general females have poorer spatial awareness than males. I know I sure as hell do. Google seems to say males are one standard deviation higher than females.  




 Probably around 2.5 million people know where 1960 is. 




 Everywhere I've looked for any kind of actuarial position requires the first two tests to be passed. My GPA was also less than stellar which makes people automatically reject me. I would love to be an analyst of some sort but never get calls back, probably due to the fact I have no experience as an analyst.  




 How about someone with a math degree? 




 Check out technical writing! 




 Yeah, but a BS in Math won't get you far unless you have a relevant minor to go along with it (CS, Finance, etc...).  That's what I have and, while I have a job, I'm not doing anything related to mathematics.  I tried finding analyst positions, they all want business degrees.  I sure as hell don't want to teach.   




 Finally just past my ears, but it's still weird.  I basically just let it do its thing unless I have a special occasion. 




 Held hands. 




 Well if I win don't expect a response for 7 hours. Goodnight and good luck! 




 Oh you poor thing!! I refuse to go to anyone but the one guy who hasn't remotely fucked up my hair. It may cost $70 but I've been where you are and never again.  Just play with it and try to find something that works! 




 Yes! I eat lean cuisine for lunch every day because it's easy calorie counting. I do chicken, veggies, and brown rice for dinner usually, oatmeal or cottage cheese for breakfast (with lots of coffee).  




 That's how I'm viewing my weight loss.  I've tried keto, paleo, and other things that are pretty exclusionary and I find that I can hold off for maybe a month (usually a week), but then I'll fall off the wagon, binge, and it's even harder to get myself up and going again. I need to have the possibility of having an oreo or a cupcake or something or else it's all I think about until I eat 5 of them. 




 This is helping me out so much.  I'm in those first two weeks right now and all I can think about is junk food.  I'm really working on portion control and eating decently healthy stuff, because I now have a 5 month old son and refuse to die young because of my own lack of self control.  But fuck, I've got to have some kind of disordered eating or something because I would punch someone in the face for a cupcake right now.

Just gotta make it through, drink a shit ton of water, and distract myself. 




 I'm in the middle of growing mine out.  Finally past the Ringo Starr look... 




 I was completely bored by their video. Didn't really seem that clever.  




 RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers 




  I have done LCHF/keto/Atkins and the 70% fat intake didn't suppress my appetite.

 




 There are plenty of times I don't eat when I'm hungry, but the constant fixation on food is what is really getting to me.   




 CBT, Vitamin D, Celexa, and taking walks outside. 




 I have hypothyroidism, just had my levels checked and everything is perfect. Medicine is on point.  




 Yeah I have mfp and a Fitbit.  Right now my husband and son are the only motivators I have. My husband has been doing extremely well and I want to do well with him (not at the same pace of course) so that in the end my son can have two healthy parents. I fluctuate between 1400 and 1700 calories daily (mfp says 1700 calories to lose 1 lb per week) but I'm just miserable a little bit  maybe my depression is rearing its ugly head.  




 I found a really addicting low calorie dressing and basically just eat huge bowls of romaine with a little of that dressing (measured) onto it. Does it get better or am I destined to be so hungry the rest of my life? 




 I have done LCHF/keto/Atkins and the 70% fat intake didn't suppress my appetite. I've tried fiber, water, gum, protein, everything suggested on here that didn't require a trip to my doctor. I'm pretty sure I have some form of disordered eating. 

Literally the only thing that has ever made me not want to eat is Adderall, which I would rather not resort to.

I think about food all the time. I need to mention this to my psychiatrist next time I'm in the office. Until then, is there anything else I can do to help this fixation on food??  




 Don't ever stop antidepressants without a doctors supervision. If Zoloft doesn't work and makes you feel awful, ask for something else. Lots of people hate Zoloft. I did, but celexa works wonders for me, as did Prozac.  




 Is that why I have extremely painful intestinal cramps when I have the runs sometimes? Happened today and I almost had my husband rush me to the ER because the pain was excruciating. Then the poop came.  




 Anyone have a recommendation for a good (inexpensive) one? 




 If it sounds right to pronounce both s's, pronounce both.  




 That's how I scratch my nipples.  




 If they have food or anything in their teeth, you tell her.  I have friends who just ignore it and I'm like "dude, Hannah, you have a big hunk of spinach in your front tooth.  Here's a mirror."  I always get thanked. 




 http://www.storebrandformula.com

That was recommended to me by a friend, whose pediatrician recommended it.  It's so much cheaper than name brand but just as good.  Honestly, from my experience the formula is so regulated by the FDA that there's not much difference between.  I use Similac Alimentum because my baby has a milk allergy and store brand doesn't carry a similar one. 




 My husband and I had a similar fight recently. I basically said "your priorities are your marriage and your child, and by not helping me out you are neglecting both." 




 Texas too.  The 99 cent only stores in Houston have produce 




 And Matt's mom! 




 Lots of women may disagree with me, but here goes:

Giving birth. 

My water broke and I opted for an epidural about 30 minutes after the pitocin induced contractions set in. I'll be fair, I lucked out. Some women go drug free or have contractions for days before being admitted to the hospital. But my gallbladder attacks I had before my gallbladder removal were worse than contractions.  




 I was one of those people who was constantly coming in for the next bag of legal weed.  It was a horrible existence and expensive.  At least $30/day and as a waitressing college student I barely squeaked by. 




 So do you have a phD in your field?  How does one become a scientist? 




 I personally hate that companies are going open office.  If I were in an open office environment my productivity would go way downhill because I'd be distracted by everyone.  Keep me in a cube please. 




 Mind if I ask how much you make (roughly) per day/week/year?  I've always wondered how much my guy makes, I figured maybe $150/day in tips? 




 Document Control, looking to get back into IT.

Document Control is a glorified electronic librarian.  Any time our company has to send any document to anyone, I have to fill out a form and get it signed acknowledging they received it.  I also make sure we follow our procedures correctly so we don't get burned when we get audited. 




 PINOOOOOTTTT NOOO-OIIRRR 




 I don't get it 




 I thought thunder and as the sound that resulted when two or more clouds collided.  




 Sasha, that beached whale stage look is not great. 




 Aryan airlines!  




 Violet reminds me of that one friend that's pretty but so vain and overly loud that nobody really likes her 




 I agree with you.  My family grew up saying things like "Satan is on the attack."  Satan is not omnipresent, he is a singular being. Satan is not behind my anxiety disorder, a chemical imbalance in my brain is.   




 Your original post affected me so much. I'm so happy your baby man is doing so much better at this new center. Crying tears of joy for you right now! 




 Coco Montrese falls in love with a lead singer and breaks up the band.  Yoko Montrese! 




 I sorta feel this way about directions at work.  My supervisor comes to me, trying to be personable and telling me what needs to be done.  I would MUCH rather an impersonal email so I have a record of what was asked of me.  Too many times I've been put in the position of 

Upper Management: "why did you do this?" 

Me:"well, X asked me to"  

UM: "when, and what did he say?" 

Me: "I don't have the specifics stored away in my memory, let me dig through my planner to see when i wrote it down" 




 I'm at the Ringo Starr stage.  It's awful. 




 She wrapped a purple napkin around her neck. Not impressed.  




 It's refreshing to have a Puerto Rican reyna who doesn't need subtitles. Sorry not sorry 




 Jasmine, put that six pack away 




 When I was pregnant my reproductive endorcinologist and OB said I could do low carb (75-100g of carbs per day), not keto, for my pregnancy.  Honestly, even if I tried to do keto I wouldn't have been able to.  I had awful aversions to anything high in fat or high in protein.  Honestly, she needs to ask her doctor's opinion and follow it.  While keto is great for regulating hormones for PCOS and losing weight, she has more important things to worry about.  Her doctors will be monitoring her hormones and supplementing as needed.   




 I have a 4 month old and pregnancy was horrible for me too. So horrible that we plan on adopting if we decide to have another.  




 I've finally decided what to do with my life (at 27, with a 4 month old baby and being the breadwinner).  I will be doing an online master's degree in math or stats (TBD) hopefully starting in the fall.  That definitely opens up many more opportunities than just a Bachelor's in math. 




 Whataburger  Five Guys  In-n-Out 




 Being able to sleep in on the weekends, HANDS DOWN.   




 I have a real problem with Kripke.  NOBODY MENTIONS HIS SPEECH IMPEDIMENT.   




 It's crazy, but I've seen crazier. Example: League City to Jersey Village. Why they do that to themselves every day I have no idea.  




 [Rhys's first laugh!!!!!!!!!](https://instagram.com/p/zd-gk8Rh_4/?modal=true) 




