 All Occasion Video is pretty great 




 That made me smile :) 




 Thanks :) 




 They're Hershey's kisses, peppermint kind, with mms on top.  




 They're just square Hanover (Snyder's) pretzels, mint Hershey's kisses and m  ms. Place the pretzels on a cookie tray, put in oven at 400 f for about 2:00. You have to watch them really carefully, or they'll melt too much. Take them out as soon as you can partially push an mm onto the top, and then push mms onto all of them. Put in the refrigerator and they're good to go. I'm just proud because it's so hard for me to get out of bed, let alone make something. 




 Haha, that's good 









 Going to try to make it! 




 Awesome 




 I use this image all the time. Thanks 




 Doesn't sound like a terrible idea 









 Underwater procreation to try and spawn aquaman 




 You guys are really nice :) thanks for making reddit such a good community 




 NFL 2k5... Best team in the game.  




 No way, I did a dinosaur roar and got punched in the face for being racist 




 Happy birthday! 




 N... Nickelback.  









 Ebola. 




 A receding hare-line. 









 I'd love to have the ten if you still have it. Either way, cool of you to do this! 




 I want to go back to middle school and lip sync this song for the talent show :( 




 Un-pac... I wonder if there was a relation to 2-pac. 




 Buried 




 The red car, mine, was there first, he then pulled in like that. I don't even know how he got out. 




 What is the answer to God's question? 




 Damn, I've got to drive through there later :/ 




 Check your corners bro 




 I was just south tonight, at Phelps grove park. Heard the game loud and clear! 




 I liked it.  




 muffin', he wasn't a very talkative guy 









 Could someone please explain it? 




 Maybe he just did it for fun.  




 Thanks :) 




 It's my birthday 




 Currently at 53, still going strong. Haven't done the companions or the thieves guild yet so hopefully I can say yes in a bit! 




 Hey, I'm at work so I just got to see your title, but I promise I will read it when I get home. I know what it's like to feel alone, and I want you to know that there are always people here to help. You should cross post to r/depression so more people can see this and read your story. We're here, and we're always ready to help 




 I find origins to be fun because it is so large and open. Mob tends to annoy me with all the lighting after a bit
  




