 Thanks(: 




 Hey everyone. As one of the few females here, I would just like to remind anyone who reads this that there are ladies out there. I have been called brother, man, and had inquisitions about my penis. I am not a man, nor do I have a penis. It is sweet to call someone your brother, but I am not your brother. Maybe we can somehow include this in the flair? I would really appreciate it...

Anyway, have a good day! 




 But I love this community... I don't want to leave just because I'm a woman. Maybe we can just have a reminder that we are not all men? 




 Well, I'm a woman, if that helps paint the picture... 




 That's true... Kind of like an alcoholic having a beer, I guess: didn't get wasted, just had some to calm the nerves... Thanks. 




 You're welcome! Feel free to friend me or whatever if you have questions / need support(: 




 That's a really good point... I probably will and just be glad that I didn't binge or anything... I just feel stupid for doing it and being so far (which is totally normal). Thank you. 




 Oh, haha. I thought you meant like a regular old glove. I suppose I could try that. 




 Absolutely! 15/f here! Just prepare yourself for being called brother, man, etc. This is a wonderful community; I'm so glad you're checking it out!! 




 Really? Why do you think I shouldn't? 




 I'm not a guy. 




 I guess this is a stupid question, but I haven't in the past. I feel really stupid because when I was doing it, I thought it didn't count. If I thought it as counting, I wouldn't have done it. I guess I just need to hear what you guys think... Thanks.

UPDATE:  I'm resetting... I'm not being true to my mission if I cheat myself. This sucks, but I'm doing it. It's not hard mode if I allow myself to take the easy way out.

UPDATE 2: Now I'm undecided... I didn't finish, so why should I, right? Because I still purposely engaged my sexual organs... I don't know, this is a tough decision for me. I think I'm gonna sleep on it. 




 I must have these. 




 A lot of nights, I have vivid dreams of masturbating. When I wake up, I sometimes find myself touching myself. Should I be concerned or discouraged? I'm doing this while I'm unconscious, but I'm not sure how I should feel about this. 




 Lol, I am, but that won't be for another 281 days. 




 Oh, okay. Good to know(: 




 Cyan...? The stars are definitely light green. I do agree that the numbers are barely legible, though.

EDIT: Oh wait, no I see that there are green, blue, and purple stars. My mistake. 




 I don't like this... I used to have a gold star that felt like a medal. Now it's just a simple green sticker in which you can barely read the "2"... This may sound a little over the top, but this is a bit of the slap in the face. Makes my time spent feel a little lesser in importance... 




 Woot woot! We got this!!(: 




 I'm such a better person now. I'm more outgoing and have a lot less problems with my depression. I feel proud of myself and I love myself for that. 




 There's actually a $2.84 near me. 




 I like the rocket, but I cherish my star. 




 Hey everyone!

I just wanted to share with you guys that although this has been a tough week, I'm only a week away from 90 days!!

Keep pushing yourself, guys. It is so worth it! 




 No... Alaska's ground is earth, not ice. The glaciers in Alaska do not constitute as part of Alaska. That's like saying Michigan is mostly Lake Michigan and Lake Huron. 




 This was amazing. Thanks so much for sharing. 




 Look at all that hair... 




 Please send this in. It's amazing. 




 Lights will guide you home 




 My dog LOVES playing with hair ties!!(: 




 This is a *really* good look on you! 




 Yeah, she definitely did. Maybe that is how she meant it, but I think she just worded it more harshly. 




 I think what she's trying to say is that if a friend hates someone because they wronged them in some awful way, then you shouldn't be friends. Like if some girl called me a stupid whore and gossipped about me a lot, I wouldn't want my friends to be friends with her. 




 I enjoy it when I have time to sit down and doll myself up. When I'm rushing to look acceptable and run to class, it's pretty crappy. 




 Also, I think it's worth noting that if you genuinely thought your hair didn't look good, say something like "Oh you think so? Thanks so much! I was feeling insecure about it." Be nice and let them know that they were being nice to you. No one needs to know that you have deep rooted self image problems. 




 Not so far. It's been fairly smooth, but obviously I'm not too far into my 70-90. 




 I would assume it was because she was a teenager. 




 Of course(: 




 Quick post to remind you guys that **it does get easier**. I remember a time where I just didn't care and gave in thinking I could never do it, and here I am on day seventy and it's never been so easy. It eventually just becomes instilled in you to be clean. Are there temptations? Hell yes, but the difference is you determination in saying no.

Be strong, it is so worth it. Feel free to ask for advice or tips, if you like. 




 NFP doesn't follow the Rhythm Method anymore. 




 This isn't the right place for it, though. There's /r/depression and other subreddits like it. 




 Glad I could help(: 




 TO THE FLAG 




 This is awesome! Best one on the sub so far(: 




 THIS JUST MAKES ME WANT TO SAY THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE! 




 Oh yeah, totally. I was way too run down to think outside of the box like that, lol. Thanks(: 




 Ah, got it. Thanks. 




 I don't know; I just think acro is so distracting. The audience doesn't pay attention to the emotion and the song, we just hope that he won't drop her... I didn't get any real emotion from it other than fear for the girl. 




 Are you kidding? You're gorge. 




 I face away from the water. I like to breathe ^and ^sing. 




 That makes sense. Thanks(: 




 Hi there, boy. What do you look for in a girl? Appearance, personality, the whole package. 




 Kind of an awkward question, but is it intimidating to you guys that I'm fifteen (a sophomore), but (I've been told that) I look like I'm 23? I have almost no guy friends (or "romantic interests") because guys never even approach me. Thnx xo 




 I'm so glad to know I'm not alone on that... I was wondering if I should go a few grades or if they just had extremely high expectations. 




 Same here. Sophomores and juniors took the PSAT today; all of us had form W. 




 I've had it stuck in my head ever since.. 




 How the hell did you get b and c? 




 What happens to him? 




 Well, I warm up for ~30 mins. You should be able to tell because your vocal chords should feel almost stretched or relaxed (if that makes any sense). Doing scales and things should come at ease with your voice. 




 Have you been doing sufficient warm ups? 




 *It's

I'm sorry... 




 Same here. It's the only way! 




 This is a really sexy look! Sorry about the breakup, *hugs*. 




 Yes, girls. Good luck to you! 




 I always thought they were things that might come up in normal conversation, so it never really struck me. I was just glad that they didn't change them to obnoxiously avoid being sued like "Pottery Farm" or something like that. 




 That's exactly what I meant; I've been too tired lately to put it into words like this. Thanks for explaining! 




 That's a really good idea. Thank you. 




 That's a really good point. Thanks(: 




 I don't think I could up and choose to believe something other than what I believe. I think something convinces you, and you can't think otherwise. You may have your mind changed, but I don't think it's a *choice*, if that makes sense.

Thanks for the advice! 




 I want to do this. 




 Okay, thank you. 




 That's a good idea. Thanks for the advice! 




 That makes a lot of sense. Thanks(: 




 No, I didn't actually get to natural planning. I just said that I'm starting to become "super Catholic," and she took it from there. 




 Hi there,

Today I was talking to my sister (I'm fifteen, she's sixteen), and I brought up my faith hoping to talk about my plan to do natural planning when I get married. She immediately decided to remind me again of why she is agnostic-atheist for a good long while as I sat and listened. I don't think beliefs are a choice, so I didn't want to intervene. She said nothing bad or discriminative, but just talked about being agnostic-atheist. As I sat there I thought, "Is this okay for me to listen to? Should I say something?" I don't really think I should; I think she should practice whatever religion, or lack thereof, she chooses.

What do you think? Thanks. I love you. 




 I know how this sounds, but I want a boyfriend. I just want someone to talk to, listen to, and make me feel excited around them. I have my friends, but I really just want someone to hold me when I'm down and someone to tell me they love me and/or they're there for me. I want to tell my friends about the cute things he does that make me feel like the only girl in the world. I want to hold his hand when he's having a tough time and make him happy.

Again, I know it sounds petty, but I'm just tired of not having someone in my life that motivates me to keep going. I don't like doing this alone. 




 *hugs* 




 YES! Oh my God, this is the worst... 




 No, no, no. Jeans vs. sweatpants. It was an analogy comparing jeans to thongs and sweatpants to briefs. 




 You're actually supposed to close the lid before you flush so that all the germs in your urine and stool don't fly out into the air, in your sink, on your toothbrush, etc. 




 A thong? Not at all. 




 Oh, lol. Idk, you just get used to it. 




 I don't know what you mean... 




 I actually sing/rap/whatever this quietly to myself in the halls. 




 Well, I'm a dancer, so I'm always wearing really tight pants. If I don't wear a thong, you can see the line, and it's pretty embarrassing. Also, after I wore them for awhile, they just made me feel prettier and more presentable. It's kinda like wearing jeans over sweatpants. 




 Daamn baby, you look fiine. 




 I have a teacher that does this. It went *okay*. I sometimes put in equal effort into two different assignments, get a 60 on one and a 100 on the other. 




 :') 




 Are you serious? Wow... 




 I think that'd be so cute! But instead, I would say something like, "Hey, check out this picture of my dog/cat/pet rock." I think that'd be a little more subtle. But I understand if it'd be weird to tap phones just to show someone a pic... Either way, good luck(: 




 They always do this. It drives me crazy. 




