 Voice leading can be the reason for almost anything 




 I get something like this when I smoke inside then go outside. Everything outdoors will appear more interesting, and I'll almost have a twilight kind of vision,  where the daylight is slightly dulled and the nightlight is more colorful 




 True for my location. When I worked overnights at Walmart, everyone was on something at some point in the night, and they gave you an hour lunch break. For me, this became a routine: smoke a bowl, eat lunch, smoke another bowl, smoke a cig, febreeze clothes (I don't like smelling like weed in public, even if it is Walmart) and return to my monotonous job 




 Mr. Sanders,

Thank you for taking the time out of your day to read over and answer some of our questions. I would almost consider this AMA a more modernized, albeit, less face to face, version of a town hall meeting. 
    
With that in mind, I am wondering what other communication styles you had planned, what with trying to get a forward thinking campaign moving under a third party banner. Do you feel that there are extra obstacles to be cleared because of your status as a third party candidate, and how do you plan on handling said obstacles? 




 I know what that's like. Except with too powerful of stimulants, I get on edge and quick to anger, which isn't helpful on a big frame and a short temper.  




 /r/tautology 




 Well; I mean, I still do 




 Panem et circenses 




 Raining Blood in my ass 




 I'm not gonna lie to her about it. But obviously enough, I'm not going to be fucked up around her  




 I got her to watch The Culture High a couple months back, so I might have started to get her to think a bit about it, but I'm not going to say for sure 




 Honesty is one of my big things. I don't care what you do (to an extent) just don't lie to me about it 




 Honesty was basically my entire selling point. I'm not the best looking or always the nicest, sweetest, or most eloquent, but at least I won't lie to her 




 She doesn't seem like the type to do so. And I have other habits that are frowned upon moreso than smoking weed.  




 As the title goes, I thought I found a girl who I would have been dating, but I found her apparent deal-breaker: she thinks it's the worst thing ever to smoke pot, yet she tried to claim that she supports medical marijuana.     

I then explained the differences in weed in illegal states, adding that we can't have dispensaries around, so it is difficult to find low THC, high CBD strains in decent quantity or frequency.     

She then sent me a message telling me her last boyfriend apparently lied to her about smoking. My thought is that if I'm honest with it, it won't be an issue.   

 Edit: I've seen all of the honesty related comments. I don't lie to people I care about.

The issue might be (if you look into my post history) I like drug use. So I might just be marking another girl off the already short "girls who are interested in me" list. Yes this is whiny. No, I don't really care right now.

I wanted to hear the subs thoughts.

Bonus: I forgot I asked her to watch The Culture High a couple months back, which she followed through on. So, I guess I made a little progress.. 




 The recommendation seems skewed a little high. I roll hard off of 300mg. The recommended dose for my weight (240) as 540mg. That's over half a gram!

Edit: recommended dose is actually 245mg, which is close to my normal range. I had my weight in kg instead of lb 




 /r/drugs read this comment. 




 4chan 




 You shouldn't call a black man a nigger, not when there are other options that are less used. I want to call that coon a jigaboo some days, and I might call that jungle bunny a porch monkey on others.  




 Hahaha the first time I got caught was the first time I saw a phone go through a TV. She ordered a new one and apologized the next day for her reaction. I was on Christmas break and decided to smoke some with a couple friends. My mom thought it was because of the people I was hanging out with. It was quite the opposite: I liked to smoke and I had the money, so I bought the weed and was repaid in gas, munchies, and ways to pass the time. I also sold to another group in very small amounts (my biggest sale in high school was a quad) and was making my own decisions and such.

Today, my parents know that I smoke; but I haven't tried to show them the reasoning. They refuse to talk about it. Remember, a phone went through a TV. They don't call me out on it or cause trouble because I look and act like a functioning young adult, unlike my brother.  I work, I go to school, and I have ambition. 

My dad has told me several times about how he has been around people who smoked but never smoked with them. He said he isn't a fan of the smell, but I once saw his face light up in happiness over my mom picking up lunchmeat. His eyes were bright red and he had "the grin" so I'm convinced he has smoked before, and still might on the down low. I've smoked with a few of his close friends, so I know they're not too worried about it.

My mom is the opposite. She has never done a drug in her life recreationally (she keeps her Vyvanse locked in her cabinet and takes only the prescribed amount) except for cigarettes and caffeine, if you want to get anal about it. She is an ER nurse, and with that,  I understand why she is against drug use in general. She sees the worst outlooks on a daily basis: ODs, kids (15-19) losing out on a long life, just the generally crippling effects of being lost to an uncontrollable addiction. 




 You will not take Sammy Davis Jr. from me!!! 




 That thumbnail has too uncomfortable of a resemblance to Joe Biden for my tastes  




 Well I saw the three faces looking at the moon as I gazed on. One demonic, the other two unlike it. As if I were forced to decide which one to trust  




 /r/bestof 




 /r/bestof 




 Because I don't fully understand what constitutes it. Yes, it is supposed to be a transcendental/profound experience, but I always understood that as a religious context. Also I could tell myself that I am in the middle of a trip still  




 Part 1.   

So at about 9 pm last night, I took a tab of acid, and let it do its work. The visuals weren't too intense but the feel goods and body vibes were beautiful. This lasted from roughly 10-1. I decided to have a smoke sesh, which created part 2 of the trip.    

Part 2.   

After this; I went into full trip mode, and laid in my backyard for 2 hours. It was dark, but the full moon made it look like it was daylight. Everything looked like it was a twilight time of day, and there was so much depth to the horizon. I could see designs and figures in the clouds. Weird enough, I saw 3 demonic faces staring into the moon, and I stared into it all. Once I could move, I entered one of the most intense and euphoric meditative trances in my life. I sat and I contemplated as much as I could, but I can only recall pieces at this time. I wound up falling asleep at sometime when my mind finally decided to give up from overload.

Rating.  

Part 1: ++ (I could still hold a full conversation with my mother)   

Part 2: +++ (I will not assign one of my own experiences as a ++++, but this is the closest I feel I have ever been to it) 














 I love how hip hop oriented this list is. I just got into Schoolboy Q and haven't had any complaints at this point. I started hearing songs from Habits and Contradictions at parties I'd go to; and it just stuck from there  




 At least I can do a good Dr. House walk now 




 Good word 




 I wish I had some. But none of my people deliver. At least I'll have a script for something by torrow evening 




 Hasn't helped at all in the past 24 hours 




 Never had it before 




 The first three have not helped so far. I'm heading to the er tomorrow to see what my options are. I already have prior back issues on record (scoliosis and nerve pain)  




 I totaled my car last night. I lost control coming home from a party, and struck an electric pole. I was sober that evening (blew a .00 and passed all assessments) I now have no vehicle to drive, and my mother refuses to take me to the ER. I'm going to get my brother to take me after work. Is there anything I can do to help deal with this pain? If not, that's fine. I'll put down an ice pack and take some Ambien. I just needed to vent. I already have a messed up back, and this did not help. 




 I'm going to ask the important question: how is it so far? 




 I cannot disagree with that statement. As I Lay Dying was huge when I was in high school 




 Rae Sremmurd- No Type.   

Any of my super angsty/metal core music.   

I'll remember more later 




 This is a pleasant surprise 




 And Lambesis is also in jail for murder. There is no point to this comment 




 My dial up days are hazy but one I remember happened about 10 years ago. I Google searched the words pornography and pornstar trying to watch port on my mom's computer. That was the day I learned about clearing Internet history 




 Victor Von Doom won't have any of your insolence! 




 She brought it on herself you know 




 Is this the Reddit account of Stephen A. Smith? 




 So you loved Norma Jeane, yes? 




 Smith? 




 I want to know how he is doing  




 Is there anything about Kevin? 




 Fruition?  




 You know it's a British source whenever they claim something to be rubbish. Also the .UK domain helps 




 The scene explicitly shows him kicking the midget. Like, moving his legs without assistance to do so

Edit: Is dwarf or little person a more APPROPRIATE term 









 Another user linked images of the City Museum in St. Louis. That is what you are looking for 




 I now miss growing up around STL.  




 Scorecard should read 2-1, favor Seals. Double tap policy 




 1st is now at 2712. 2nd just broke 2000. And I'm in 3rd at 1600 




 1300 as of now. Jaqlin and Pixie came quick 









 Mine had the opposite effect. I was at stage 840, and had just unlocked Mohacas when the app shut down. When I restarted the app, I was kicked back about 50 stages, but my highest stage shown was the previous 840 




 Mankind is made of the same building blocks as everything else we have discovered in our short history. Just a few basic molecules make up over 90% of the universe, yet there is so much diversity and beauty in our world. Life has found a place to flourish, amongst the rubble left from The Big Bang, and the results of the collisions of parts of said rubble. We are one planet, one pint sized, yet massive, grouping of molecular structures that has come together to create a collective life force…a drive, perhaps, to “advance” and “evolve” as numerous and diverse of species possible. It seems reasonable that there would be at least one other place in the universe that has this same capacity, and it utilizing it far better than any species on Earth would be able to compromise. We live in a universe that we have mapped a very small percentage of, said universe is constantly expanding, and we have already found at least one other collection of debris that has the possibility of being able to house some form of life. Scientists discovered that Mars used to have oceans, and that these oceans were found frozen under the surface of Mars itself. By extension, would it be fair to reason that Mars could have possibly housed lives before we as a species ever gained the collective power to be able to observe events that are beyond our planetary scale?
    
This understanding has helped me figure out some of the Nirvana and oneness that I felt during my last acid trip. I didn’t think of it the way I had typed it there during my trip, though. During, I felt myself sink into the ground, and fall into the Earth. When I had laid back down on my blanket, I felt myself floating up into the stars, and becoming the Hubble Space Telescope, in that every image I saw was clear, beautiful, mystifying, and vivid, yet I could process this through a computer so powerful and perplexingly fast that nothing man has done thus far has even come close to the processing speed and mind blowing capabilities of said computer. I’m talking about the human brain, of course.
    
To close this, I leave you all with a fitting quote from a man much more educated than I. “We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.” -Neil DeGrasse Tyson 




 Mankind is made of the same building blocks as everything else we have discovered in our short history. Just a few basic molecules make up over 90% of the universe, yet there is so much diversity and beauty in our world. Life has found a place to flourish, amongst the rubble left from The Big Bang, and the results of the collisions of parts of said rubble. We are one planet, one pint sized, yet massive, grouping of molecular structures that has come together to create a collective life force…a drive, perhaps, to “advance” and “evolve” as numerous and diverse of species possible. It seems reasonable that there would be at least one other place in the universe that has this same capacity, and it utilizing it far better than any species on Earth would be able to compromise. We live in a universe that we have mapped a very small percentage of, said universe is constantly expanding, and we have already found at least one other collection of debris that has the possibility of being able to house some form of life. Scientists discovered that Mars used to have oceans, and that these oceans were found frozen under the surface of Mars itself. By extension, would it be fair to reason that Mars could have possibly housed lives before we as a species ever gained the collective power to be able to observe events that are beyond our planetary scale?
     
This understanding has helped me figure out some of the Nirvana and oneness that I felt during my last acid trip. I didn’t think of it the way I had typed it there during my trip, though. During, I felt myself sink into the ground, and fall into the Earth. When I had laid back down on my blanket, I felt myself floating up into the stars, and becoming the Hubble Space Telescope, in that every image I saw was clear, beautiful, mystifying, and vivid, yet I could process this through a computer so powerful and perplexingly fast that nothing man has done thus far has even come close to the processing speed and mind blowing capabilities of said computer. I’m talking about the human brain, of course.
    
To close this, I leave you all with a fitting quote from a man much more educated than I.
 “We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.” -Neil DeGrasse Tyson 




 Mankind is made of the same building blocks as everything else we have discovered in our short history. Just a few basic molecules make up over 90% of the universe, yet there is so much diversity and beauty in our world. Life has found a place to flourish, amongst the rubble left from The Big Bang, and the results of the collisions of parts of said rubble. We are one planet, one pint sized, yet massive, grouping of molecular structures that has come together to create a collective life force…a drive, perhaps, to “advance” and “evolve” as numerous and diverse of species possible. It seems reasonable that there would be at least one other place in the universe that has this same capacity, and it utilizing it far better than any species on Earth would be able to compromise. We live in a universe that we have mapped a very small percentage of, said universe is constantly expanding, and we have already found at least one other collection of debris that has the possibility of being able  to house some form of life. Scientists discovered that Mars used to have oceans, and that these oceans were found frozen under the surface of Mars itself. By extension, would it be fair to reason that Mars could have possibly housed lives before we as a species ever gained the collective power to be able to observe events that are beyond our planetary scale?

This understanding has helped me figure out some of the Nirvana and oneness that I felt during my last acid trip. I didn’t think of it the way I had typed it there during my trip, though. During, I felt myself sink into the ground, and fall into the Earth. When I had laid back down on my blanket, I felt myself floating up into the stars, and becoming the Hubble Space Telescope, in that every image I saw was clear, beautiful, mystifying, and vivid, yet I could process this through a computer so powerful and perplexingly fast that nothing man has done thus far has even come close to the processing speed and mind blowing capabilities of said computer. I’m talking about the human brain, of course.

To close this,  I leave you all with a fitting quote from a man much more educated than I.
“We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.” -Neil DeGrasse Tyson 









 At a [7] and this made me start bawling uncontrollably  









 I've noticed lately that I've become the source of drug related information for my friends (effects, dosage, and such) I figured it was because I try to explain things to the best of my abilities, going beyond "it'll get you fucked up." 

Does anyone else have a similar experience, and if so, tell me you use your position of knowledge responsibly? 




 The cumulative hangover will kill me 




 General smoking etiquette for me: 
Don't be a cunt.   
Don't be a dick.  
DO hold your hit for a couple seconds (if possible)   
Always enjoy yourself.   
Oh and don't forget: smoke some, but only if you're not going somewhere where you're expected to be perfectly sober. 




 Replace but with and on all of those 




 A friend of mine and I decided to make a tray of brownies and started cooking our weed. Everything was going great until we both left the kitchen, and wouldn't you know it, goddamn grease fire. I haven't seen the damage to the place yet, but he is currently in the ER with burns and such. 

If you're going to use vegetable oil or anything of the sort, be very observant and never leave it unattended.

Update: He has 3rd degree burns along his right wrist and right foot. Also; he is dealing with the pain like a champ. 




 Bleezy 




 For those curious [Poison](http://i.imgur.com/HbKOBpr.jpg), [Dhalsim](http://i.imgur.com/C102N0s.webm).     
[And Poison's Trans Status](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poison_\(Final_Fight\)#Censorship) 




  Me and my buddy have been playing Ultimate Street Fighter IV with random characters. He gets Poison and I get Dhalsim. After the match we realize that this is factual. On an LCD tv, we just played a trans woman beat up a Indian dude on Liquid Crystals. 









 Gandhi 




 I'm on mobile so I can't easily link the thread but I saw one where the question was posed if Batman's Alfred was Sterling Archer's butler, and how things might have changed.

So now I'm curious, how would Batman's progression as both a person and superhero be altered if he were raised by Woodhouse instead of Alfred? 









 I already have trouble socializing sober, and it's even more difficult when tripping. Don't know how much used I'd be. 




 Brother is a Stims guy who love to fuck with paranoid people and can possible turn violent if he's tweaking and freaks out.

I am a psychs guy who gets easily freaked out in simple social situations and fall into my thoughts when I'm tripping.

Weird enough, we combine well when we've smoked enough and then do our drugs of choice. 




 Superman would be bribed away 10/10 for one simple thing.

Bulma's panties 




 It was hand grinder too. Does that mean it's not as good to snort  














 Okay so I binged. I had 3/4 of an ounce of weed, a 750ml of Captain Morgan, 10 xanax, and some morphine. I smoked a few bong bowls, then took 4 MG of Xanax.

I now have an entire weekend at Muncie Gras that I have no memory of, all my xanax is gone, there's some kief in my bag, morphine is also gone and so is my memory for the last 2 days. Wow.

And I had to get my car out of impound. 

Edit: wound up being about 12 or 15 bars missing. What the fuck?
 




 Chirp chirpp 




 I have a bong. And I've been dropping xanax bars like nothing. 8 mg in. Just wanted to let everyone known that time to yourself is wonderful. Also can I add morphine? 









 There was even a documentary about it a couple years back 




 Wrong state. Franklin County, MO is awful as well, bet it's mostly meth  




 Franklin County (assuming I'm thinking of the right one) brings back some memories. I lived in the county next to it, and trust me, I could see this stuff happening more and more as I was growing up: people falling into the wrong circles, getting hooked on substances, chasing highs. All in all, it's not worth it, but you can't really forget where you're from 




 You mean DXM lol. DMX just makes me want to smoke crack 




 It has boiled down to me having a lot of weed, a handful or two of xanax, and some morphine.  




 Made an edit 




 I have an undisclosed amount of money that was recently added to my bank account and about 3 days of down time before my new job starts. 

So, spending money is present, and time to recover is also present?

What should I binge on this weekend?

Edit: I have all my weed already purchased. I have about $400 I can spend. For the feeling, I want something where I can be social, and hyped up. Like I'm on top of the world without too much comedown. I don't need to feel lovey. 

Things I can get for sure: Xanax, various opiates (not touching H, personal preference) more weed, MDMA, shrooms, LSD, 25X series, Cocaine, Meth.

Anything else I should ask about? 




 This is how you would legalize weed in the South. Jesus did it, so should you, because that's what Jesus wants  




 Bonus: Majuub 




 That's one way to make it to the top 




 Then your dealer is in a car as well... 




 White people do as they please in this country. It's just a way of life 




 That is trippy and beautiful  




 And I have discovered something wondrous about me. Might just be the MDMA helping repressed thoughts 




 I discovered an entirely new thing I liked to do  









 On my current one right now, Candyflipping!! Just coming up on the Molly, wishing I had some weed though 




