 He's from space Dicks so it all makes sense now  




 And most of the rock and music today sucks allot  




 Green day sucks dean would defiantly not approve and yes it is whiny  




 To clarify I think dean would hate this shit I was just jokeing with the title any ways deans more classic rock (actual good music that's far better than any crap today) type of guy. 




 Someone got that it was a joke dean would never listen to that shit classic rock forever! 




 I wasn't being serious I just couldn't think of a title lol but true deans more of a classic rock type of guy the good stuff  









 It says spoilers in the title  




 So was the blade slowly taking deans soul away and then dying kind of completed the process ? Cause Cain said there is a price with the mark  (a soul?) can someone clarify . 




 He didn't call it, he lived it. 









 Looks like dean has a [dark passenger](http://i.imgur.com/JZ0uQsz.jpg) 




 It's from being away from the blade  




 No surprise new Gods a dick . 




 I think he will become some sort of angel  




 True very true 




 I think for the finally deans going to kill himself while taking Metatron with him because he realizes the mark of Cain is too strong and this season kind of emphasized on how dean only saves sam so he's not alone and not just for Sam's well being so I think he will use the last blade to kill Metatron of course then stab himself so he can hurt anyone else in his blind rage and the way he comes back in season 10 is he becomes an angel or Crowley will save him(since he has human emotion now) if only the boys promise not to gank his ass. 


Just a though not saying it's going to happen.


Also share what you think I'm interested to hear about it! 














 But that's only happened like 2 in spn  




 Touché  




 What do you like most about your job? 




 I'll have to try and find them haha 




 Thank you for sharing and I'm really excited now haha!! 




 Hahaha sorry? 




 We love you though :)  




 Has anyone ever been to a con was it costly?
 Was it worth it?
Was it what you expected?
 I was thinking about going to the con in Minnesota but just getting photo op tickets with Jared and Jensen and then a 1 day pass.   




 Why would it matter if you are heterosexual or not? 




 Got it from an Instagram account  




 I was going to go with that as my title haha 









 Oh ok 




 Dude! Asia . 




 "Come on bobby, lets go hunting" 









 I think bloodlines has some potential. 




 I want this to happen 














 That video was during shooting an episode so most likely  









 That too 




 This songs a bit over used but when ever I hear it I think supernatural maybe it's because the original is in season 6 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l2S4GTD-AAw 




 No 




 I happy to hear that haha  









 Really?!?! I thought there has been 23 so far either way it's gonna suck when the season ends 




 I don't think I'll be able to contain myself when carry on my wayward son starts on Tuesday I'm not ready for this finale and its suppose to be a cliff hanger like a certain season that involved 'pac men' as dean called them . Anyone else not ready? 




 It was the heat of the moment ! 




 Thanks for sharing I love it!! 




 Wasn't trying to appeal to anyone just thought it would be a cool ending 




 Yeah the second one would be depressing  




 Why not? Haha 




 There was a whole episode about it lol 




 Was just thinking of ways the show could  end, would love to hear others ideas too.
 

Ok so dean and sam are in motel after ganking the last evil s.o.b main antagonist of whatever season it is
 
They both go to bed 
 
(Shot of just sams face as he's asleep ) *radio turns on* "it was heat of the moment" Sams eyes open , "RISE AND SHINE SAMMY!" *Goes to black*.
………………………….…………………
Version 2
dean and sam are in motel after ganking the last evil s.o.b main antagonist of whatever season it is
 
They both go to bed 
 
(Shot of just sams face as he's asleep ) *radio turns on* "it was heat of the moment" Sams eyes open , "RISE AND SHINE SAMMY!" Sam gets up and turns to see lucifer on the other bed as the motel slowly starts to turn into the cage 
*Sam starts to scream* goes to black.
 




 I liked it  









 None taken haha 




 I didn't make it lol 




 Dean would probably say it's not the same or that's just wrong haha 














 My advice for you is to downvote and move on like I said before you can attract the positive end of a magnet  and there is no need to be a mega-douche I'm expressing how I felt about the new spin off and what I though about it so sorry for being a human being and p.s. Have a nice day :)! 




 Thanks and my bestfriends name is sam he's a little behind on spn but  every Tuesday I call him and say that  




 There haha 




 And dean and sam are always surprised by new characteristics from monsters all the time. 




 I meant supernatural as in the unexplained, magic and monsters  




 You could have said anything! 




