 What is the point of posting this? Seems like kind of a dick thing to do. "Hey look at my dad, he's crazy." I find the posting of the video sadder than the actual video.  




 Can you just post the comment? I'm pretty sure the comment I see at the top isn't the one you're referring to  




 I felt the same way about my Canon equipment until I started trying to lug it everywhere:)  




 I got an X100 for this purpose (now have an XT-1 plus 27mm pancake lens). I carry it everywhere in my purse.

I shoot documentary, lifestyle, street, "every day" life type of stuff so I don't find it hard to fit it into my life at all. I also love road trips and I'm all over the place in the summer, so of course I take my camera with me.  




 Have you tried a casting call via model mayhem? 




 I feel that way about the 27 - perfect for me as far as not having to move when I put the camera up to my face. I wish it was at least a 1.4, 1.8 or even 2 though.

They are coming out with a 35 f/2, maybe they will one day do the same for the 23... 




 I have the XT-1, 18-55, 35 and 27 and am thinking about picking up the 23. I shoot at 23 a lot on the zoom, and the 27 is close enough and a great lens, but it's not a 1.4. I'm just wondering if I'll even use my 35 if I get the 23... it's such an awesome lens, but not as versatile. I find it a tad too tight in some situations. I could pop the 27 on there but I shoot at night a lot and 2.8 won't cut it.

I do use an adapted Sigma 24mm but it's a 2.8 and flares/loses contrast like crazy in strong light. 

I wonder sometimes if I should just skip the 23 1.4 and get the new 16mm 1.4 that's coming out... seems like a better complement to the 35, but I don't really shoot that wide. 




 They might want to check the photographer's contract. It's very common these days for a pro to have a clause that they are the ONLY person taking photos at the wedding. 




 Totally agree.

I love dogs. I fucking HATE dog owners. And yeah, Richmond is definitely the worst in my experience. I live near Bryan Park and can't take my dog there because of all the assholes with off-leash dogs. My dog has been attacked in the past and does NOT react well to off-leash dogs. Through no fault of ours now we can't go to any parks because I don't know how she is going to react. Granted, I won't be liable if she flips shit on an off-leash dog, but I hate dog fights and I don't want to deal with that, or her getting hurt. 

I hate dog owners. 




 Or other people could just control their dogs and put them on a leash, so leash aggression doesn't become an issue with off-leash dogs.

My dog is leash aggressive. It actually is very normal. Leashes really screw up normal dog-greeting behaviors. Not to mention they are leashed and can't get away. Imagine if you had a collar around your neck and a leash and a fellow human rushed up to you suddenly, out of nowhere, someone you didn't know. More than likely you are going to instantly be on the defensive. Hell WITHOUT a collar/leash, someone does that shit to me, they are probably getting punched. 




 You should be able to change that in the options and stretch it to 21 days. 




 Last year I started a self-portrait project. The whole point of it was to focus on my "imperfections" that I once hated and accept now that I'm in my 30's. Pointing out my flaws that make me unique - as opposed to the millions of selfies that are posted everyday where people only show their best side. 

I've recently decided I want to learn how to use my flash off-camera finally, so I invested in some basic equipment. I live alone, no kids, so for the time being, my only test subject is me. So I'm coming up with more self-portrait ideas to figure out this whole lighting business. 

I post these on my Flickr, Tumblr, and Facebook just like any other work I do. But I start to wonder if I'm just perpetuating the whole culture of narcissism that I hate. I'm a decent looking woman, not a model by any stretch but I can take a good photo of myself. I would hate to think that people might assume I'm just taking "selfies" because I'm obsessed with my looks... like I assume about most #selfies on Instagram or wherever.

I envy Vivian Maier...  




 I absolutely love this Kroger. The people watching is the best in town 




 It's a tough spot but at least you're trying to rehome her in a responsible way 




 Can't help (my dog is the same way unfortunately, though I'd love for her to have a buddy) but just wanted to say, you might want to look at getting a male dog as a companion for your other dog. Females can be, well, bitches to other females in the same house. 




 laughed out loud... 




 Exactly. You could say parents are selfish for wanting to bring their own children into the world when there are so many orphans out there.  




 I would rather be "selfish" and childless than selfish and have children. I see plenty of the latter and I grew up with it too. No thanks. 




 Absolutely no advice but I am having the same problem. I'm working on getting my skills up with self-portraits first. 

" half the time I feel like a slimy creep, who's goal is just to ogle attractive women through the lens."

I'm confused by this comment. Are you saying that you think people think this about YOU, or that YOU think this about yourself? 

There are a LOT of perverted guys out there who use cameras as an excuse to look at hot women naked. Just check out the Model Mayhem site. Assuming you are actually not one of these people, just act in a professional manner. 




 Link isn't working for me (could just be my work proxy).

Amazing photos coming out of this mess though. CNN has some good ones today too. 




 Pregnant much?

Two of my pregnant friends have mentioned mad cravings for pickles lately. Just going out on a limb here 




 I would hope so but it doesn't make much sense to me if it was sarcastic. Why go to the trouble of writing the note? Unless there is some back story here that's not being said.  




 That note seems extremely petty and stupid. I've had issues with neighbor kids but it was them screaming at the top of their lungs bloody murder. This doesn't seem extreme enough to warrant being an issue... 




 As I sit here trying to choose the $800-$1000 camera lens I'm going to buy next, once I max out my IRA for the year. 









   If you are just in it to share with the world, and don't really pay attention to feedback or restlessly track your vote counts, maybe you are getting what you need already.

Good point, thanks.  




 Would argue this should be classified as kids being jerks, not the animals. They were banging on the glass.  









 Of course you got downvoted, as I will with my other comment. 

People need to mind their own damn business. If this lady had been seriously injured or killed when some sh*t went down in this SWAT situation, everyone would be up in arms trying to sue over that too. Mind your bizzness and get the hell out of the way of the police, especially during a SWAT situation 




