 Yeah, and I kicked it in. 




 Actually, I don't know what I did to make that photo so bright. Maybe it's just my settings cause I always have 100% brightness cause I have terrible dark-seeing abilities irl. 




 As the original poster of that picture, I must agree. There needs to be a mod for that hahah! 



















 I hate to admit it, but I am going to cheat to get to see the other moons and planets. I can't land properly cause I hardly understand how so this helped a bit. Thank you! 




 Well as it stands, I am very low tech'd right now but you are more than welcome to try and explain it to me. I understand the most of what everyone is saying its just a matter of I don't know if I can actually do it. 




 English please. Hence, noobie lol. I understand the super basics up to the Mun orbit training pt. 1 




 I definitely have 3 spaceships of my own that can get me to orbit for sure, and if done right, the Mun. I am happy with them thats why I had asked for other ships. It's fun to see what else I could do to take off! 




 infinite fuel?
 




 How do you use mechjeb? I have heard about it and just downloaded it but how do I use it?
 




 Probably should've included that it is just the command pod. Tried burning what was left retrograde in hopes of intercepting with anything but it didn't work. 




 So, I got the game the other day (this is about my third post today alone) and I finally got a spaceship into orbit around Kerbin. I was so excited that I forgot to stop burning prograde. My orbit is now wonky like [so](http://i.imgur.com/jmzZkO6.png). Is there anyway for me to save this pod cause it has about 130 science points to it right now. Any help would be appreciated! 




 Since i just got the game, are there any good .craft ships you would suggest I download? 




 I did it with the first and second set no problem. 




 x-posting to r/ODST if that is okay? 




 I hadn't even though about dual monitor wallpapers lol! Thats really cool!
 




 If I get any money soon it will be donated to the cause! 




 I am fairly familiar. When I was on demo I achieved full orbit on a ship with less than 20 pieces.  How do I build a space station for starters though?
 




 Mere minutes before the 40% sale wore off on Steam, I bought the game. I am now a proud Kerbalnaut! Even though I spent somewhere around 14 hours on the demo!

So what are some of the challenges you guys would give me? Make them simple though!:) 




 I would say that you could use a printer/scanner to scan one of the pages in the back that is blank, front and back, and just get a remake of the covers and get a lot of copies of those spare pages. 









 I will host /r/ODST stuff!(Considering I am a moderator on the sub.) We try holding a gameday at least once, if not twice, a month! 




 Okay so here is my theory, picking up what people have said about the Institute, Black Row, The REV ALPHA code, and everything else I have picked up. Just my speculation and theory btw.

EHEHEMM...
Vault 119, one of the few Vaults built in the Northeast, is inhabited by people who haven't seen the surface in almost 225 years. Generations have been born and generations have died, all the while the inhabitants keep living on, ignorant of the outside world. They go about they're daily business their Vault, just south of Boston, waiting for the door that has kept them safe for so many years to open. Their Vault, made by Vault-Tec before the Great War, wasn't meant to open until 300 years after it closed. Unless something goes terribly wrong.
             It's a normal Monday morning, and the Survivor is wading through his daily routine of classes, then workout, eat, sleep, repeat. He walks past the tunnel leading to the door and hears some heavy thudding. Of course very curious, he walks towards the door. As he gets closer, he can also hear a voice on the other side. Someone was calling help, and from the sounds of it, they weren't strong. As The Survivor turned to run from the door to get help, he hear a louder thud, then what sounded like laughter. He ran off, too scared to mention what happened. A week passes and this time as he is waking up, all the alarms in the Vault start going off. The Overseer starts sounding off a message through the intercom.
      Something wasn't right. All the statuses were checked green that day. No critical systems were failing, no reactor was blowing up. Something bad was about to happen. Just then there is a loud explosion and a fury of gunshots as a large band of raiders charge into the Vault. They kill everyone. Save the Survivor. They hide under the body of a raider they killed until the rest calmed down. Then he escaped. S/He is amazed both by how beautiful, and horrific, the landscape is. He finds the body of the man that was banging on the door the previous week, and disposes of the corpse, keeping the 10mm pistol and Leather Armor however.
From there, it's storyline. 









 I did this with FNV on my Xbox. I was perusing around on my laptop and forgot I had the game on my PC so I started playing it again. And with a few mods, it totally sparked back up.
 









 Hey guys! Come join me on Halo: ODST to play firefight, campaign, and everything else this wonderful game has to offer!:)

GT: Troop4921 




 Hey guys! Come join me on Halo: ODST to play firefight, campaign, and everything else this wonderful game has to offer!:)

GT: Troop4921 




 I might join that after a while!:) 




 I agree on the point of Halo 2   3 being better than (almost) any CoD game. Halo 2, even being almost 10 years old, still has a humongous fanbase still playing. Even I am included in that fanbase:) Halo 3 was one of the biggest multiplayer games when it came out. Although it's population dwindled at times, when it became free, It's population reached the same numbers it would have had in the first month. I truly love the series and I see alot of opposition writing it but I believe that Halo, overall, is the better game.
 




 Hey guys! train_subject896 here! I posted on /r/ODST about the game day but I figured I should include the whole community as well! Well, tomorrow, Saturday 11/16 I will host an ODST gameday!

What do we do: Well, aside from the obvious playing ODST, we do alot of firefight, achievement hunting, and the occasional legendary run on campaign!:)

Who can join: Anyone with ODST! Even if your on a friends console with them, your welcome to join! We love having tons of ODST's teaming up against the covenant onslaught! :D

How do I join?: Message Troop4921 on XBL or myself, train_subject896, on reddit and I will invite you! Also, you can leave your GT in the comments and we will try fitting you in if we can!

Have fun and as always, see you on the battlefield!:) 




 Hey guys! train_subject896 here! So, I recently jumped back into wanting to play Minecraft but the problem is, since I updated my launcher (last I had was like before the horse update) I haven't been able to play, let alone even log in. Does anyone else have this problem? Does anyone know how to solve it? 




 Hey guys, train_subject896 here! So, like many of the other active duty Spartan's on here, I am back into the grind of school and have been since August. I currently am enrolled in a public speaking class. My final is a persuasive speech that has to last 5 minutes. Being the diehard fan I am, I chose to beg the question, "Why Halo is better than Call of Duty" as my topic.
Now, here is where I need your help /r/Halo.

**Why is Halo better than Call of Duty to YOU?**

Now, before you all get fussy, I am a fan of all games, including the occasional game against bots on COD. I respect it as a game, considering the titan it is, and expect you to have some form of etiquette rather than answers like "cuz cod iz 4 fagts 420 sweg". Please be level headed and source your info!

Thanks all! See you on the battlefield!:) 




 My biggest wish for it: SOMEHOW LINK IT TO FNV OR F3!!! I love intertwining storylines. Maybe the character is a sort of descendant of the Courier or Lone Wanderer. I really agree with alot of points. I love the factions of FNV and would like to see that again. But take out the Enclave. After Broken Steel, I feel like they learned. Alot. 




 That was freakin deep
 




 Hey guys! Sorry about the past couple play days falling on their faces and not doing to well! I've been very busy irl working on the musical I'm in at my school and other works! Hopefully you all can forgive because this time I'm attempting to give a week's notice so if you want to join, please write your Gamertag in the comments and I (GT: Troop4921) will message you next friday to let you know your in and we're still doing this!

See you all on the battlefield! Mickey over and out! 




 Sadly, I'm not with my xbox this weekend. My high school's musical that I'm in is having dress rehearsal's this weekend and next weekend. It's a possibility next weekend. Sorry! I'll try as much as I can to get it going but in the meanwhile, we have this week to spread the news! 




 Anybody wanting to play at all?
 




 Hey guys whats up! Since the release of Halo 3 for free the population has boomed! And I decided to play a little bit but now I really have that urge to play ODST so if you want to play, message me Troop4921 on XBL and we can play! I should be on all day so have fun! See you on the battlefield! 




 Hey guys! ac here! I recently made this whole 16 episode series of vanilla (it's on Xbox so it has to be!) Dragonborn DLC! A few things to note, sometimes the audio is off from the video which sucks and bugs me and I tried fixing it but by the time I noticed I couldn't do much. Hope you guys enjoy! If you have comments, leave them here or on the video!  









 Sheogorath for the Daedra cause who doesn't want to lose their mind for fun?!
And with the Aedra, probably Akatosh. 




 I might x-post this onto /r/ODST if you don't mind. A few other redditors and myself went and did this a few months back and it was a blast. 




 Are these for sale anywhere? Cause if so, I know whats going on my christmas list. My heart ached a bit when I saw that thing.
 




 I have my dragonborn playlist if you don't mind low-quality audio. I'm still figuring out the kinks of my Roxio Game Cap so everything is a little weird. But if you want, here is a [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOjD4z3v6B0 list=PLI8faRdJSX0lIWrKNU1UZPdYvYCXEjTL2 feature=mh_lolz) to my Let's Play 




 I would definitely say play Oblivion, along with the Shivering Isles Expansion. The game itself was very captivating and I put in around 300+ hours on it. Add the DLC into the mix and it explains alot about some of the Daedric Prince's and what they do. 









 I will watch yours if you'll watch mine. My actual Skyrim is crap cause it was recorded on a potato camera, but my Dragonborn series is on my Roxio game cap. I always love seeing how other people do things differently then the way I do them. My channel is [here](https://www.youtube.com/user/Troop4921) if you want to watch the actual videos, the playlist is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYj0I0TRD2I list=PLI8faRdJSX0l85MmoMUXZovxmckSrr_GW feature=mh_lolz) 




 Hey guys! So I would normally have made this a Saturday night event but I will be attending a concert (Five Finger Death Punch specifically) that night. So instead, to make up for the failed game nights of the past, I will be having a game day tomorrow!:) Feel free to join me playing ODST and Halo 3 all day Friday, Oct. 18th! 




 This was shortly before I had bought my Roxio Capture card so yeah, my recordings(video) have gotten alot better quality since then. Thanks for the advice!:) 




 So I was hanging out at a friends house just a little bit ago and he mentioned hearing a rumor or seeing something about Skyrim 2 that will be multiplayer and slightly boosted graphics, on the next gen physics engine and game engine.(I shot it down, thinking it was just ESO but I'm still curious.)

Anyone else heard anything about this? 




 Oh it won't fade any time soon if I have anything to do with it! ODST was my favorite game because of lore and gameplay. 









 Well, this was a flop! Sorry guys! We'll try again soon!
 




 Sorry all! Running way behind! Got held after at work! Be on ASAP
 




