 I'm pretty sure it's usually accompanied by a psychotic disorder (schizophrenia, bipolar, etc) but apparently some symptoms that separate it from just good ol' fashioned depression are delusions, anxiety, agitation, cognitive impairment, constipation, and I saw the term "hypersexuality" in a few articles that I can't recall the names of at the moment.
 




 I feel like it's really rare to come across other people with this, but if there is anyone out there, did you ever experience *hypersexuality* at one point or another? 




 Long and emotional teenage love story short, him and I have been bestfriends since were were young chldren, and have been together for a year. He and I both struggle with depression, and on Feb 27, he tried to kill himself. He stayed in a hospital for a few weeks, and when he came back, said we needed to go on a break for a bit, but he "still loves me" and I'm "still his first kiss" and all that. For the first few days, he was very distant from me, but lately, he has been acting the way he used to- calling me pretty, hugging me without me asking, saying he loves me, etc. Him and I are still best friends and do everything together, so, this behavior is slightly confusing. Everybody keeps saying how they can see him start to "glow up" around me again, and that the way he talks about me is amazing, and how there is a very high chance we'll get back on track, but... He might be gay. He has always been bisexual and definitely had no problem being with me, a girl, in *that way*, but I could see how that might be possible. I'll love him no matter what he is or what he does, and he will always be my best friend, but, how can I cope if this does in fact happen? Our relationship was quite serious and we still are very in love with each other. 




 Okay, so, I'm 13. Basically, I have psychotic depression along with an anxiety disorder. When I started freshman year last September, I started to sink more into my depression. I also began to go out with my best friend (not together at the moment; he might be gay) who also has depression issues- she decided to blame him and my other friends for my "sudden change". I'm pretty antisocial in general, and I absolutely fucking detest my mother. Sue me. She is a 29 year old woman who pretends her life is fine when really she is an unhappy person. She decided the best way to make me change would be t punish me. I got my phone and laptop taken away for a month. It didn't work and just made matters worse. She threatened to pull me out of school, I didn't give her a reaction. Could not give her that satisfaction of letting her think it was going to get to me, and honestly, it didn't, because she never followed through. She sees this as a contest, almost a "let's see which one of us breaks first". What she doesn't realize is I'm pretty damn persistent, so if she wants to turn this into a contest, I'm going to win. 

Honestly, her antics don't even bother me that much anymore. What bothers me is that she turns every conversation into an argument by bringing up "change" and ragging on my closest friends. She then gets mad because I don;t give her the reaction she is looking for. My mom wants me to be a happy-go-lucky, straight A (already am, btw), "family comes first" kind of girl when that's just not who I am. I don't place value in family because they're the people we end up with randomly, and she didn't even raise me. My friends are my family, and to be honest, I think she envies the fact that I care more for them than her.

How do I deal with this? Do I cave first? Help! 




 You know, the days where nothing is necessarily amazing, and nothing incrdbily extravagant happens, you just have a normal day. Maybe you get an extra hug from someone special, get a good grade on a test, make a new friend,  or you laugh a lot, it just feels amazing to be "normal". 




 What motivates me is knowing what loneliness truly is, and how bad it feels for myself sometimes. Also, sometimes it's nice to distract myself from my own problems by listening to and/or helping with others'. 




