 Its really weird, a year ago I couldn't even have imagined ever being this happy again. Even if I thought things were better, I still felt really bad and just assumed this is what "normal" is like. It feels really strange sometimes now. 
























 I wish you all the best - keep trying and don't be afraid to change things in your life if you feel you need too. 
























 Something I do which has really helped me was to write down three things I was happy with every day - at first it was only small things, that I took a shower or that I made a proper meal ... Then, when I felt really horible, couldn't sleep I looked at the list and tried to think about the stuff I had written down and not the misstakes I made. 
























 It was the only thing I managed to eat at the time :-D I bought huge ammounts of it when I found the energy to go shopping and survived off of it the rest of the time. It was winter/christmas time I think 3 years ago. 
























 I tried pretty much every SSRI and tricyclical antidepressant in existence over the last years. Its hard to give you a full list because I know only the local names and frankly a lot I have already forgotten again. Unfortunately for me I never really had any major success with it. I am not knocking meds I know a lot of people where they really helped. Its hard to say how it would have been without the meds at the time of course, maybe it would have gotten even worse.

I never had any major side effects, I was on Venlafaxine a long time which killed my ability to get it up, which was annoying but not a big deal because I was never in a relationship anyways :) Other than that I never had any side effecets on any of the meds I tried. 
























 I honestly don't really know ... I tried so many times, telling myself "starting tomrrow you will get up in the morning, shower every day, whatever", it never worked for longer than a couple days. This time it was just much easier, I put a lot of effort into cleaning myself up, my rooms, and so on. I tried to obsess less about what I am supposed to do with my life and how I have messed everything up and focus more on the little things that I managed to improve and how I really wanted my life to be ...

I think for a long time I already knew what I had to do, what really held me back and what my issues where, I was just somehow to scared and aprehensive to really make significant changes. 
























 Wednesday it was a holiday here and I went sports climbing. When I came home I was so tired, I sat on my little balcony and the sun was shining in my face, this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTX1HJI6n0A was playing in the background and I was suddenly thinking "You know, this feels pretty good. I think I am really happy." Almost made me cry :-D 
























 I honestly can't point to a specific trigger for why I got depressed. I always had days where I was really sad/down my entire life. Those days somehow slowly turned into multiple consecutive days, then weeks, then a full on depression. I also had miserable coping skills with conflicts/problems which didn't really help. I worried about everything really, my lack of any successful relationship, being a virgin, fucking up my college degree, the people I had dissappointed, the oportunities I had missed, what I could have done different ... pointless worrying really about stuff I should have just accepted. 

I tried therapy twice, once during my 2nd hospital stay, which was helpful for getting a bit more insight into the underlying problems, and then again during the last year, which was absolutely pointless - a lot of talking about my problems and what I could do about them ... I found it rather useless, I always knew what to do and what my issues where, I just didn't manage to actually do what needed to be done.

I told my parents pretty early, but avoided telling them about a lot of the gory details and how bad it really was. My parents were fantastic the whole time ... I told some close friends too, but only very superficial information.

 
























