 what the ever loving fuck 




 in light of recent events, thank you for this. i had almost given up on the human spirit 
























 I have been thinking about communicating thoughts and emotions through feeling with other people, and I realized something.
We may never truly communicate and empathize, so long as we depend on 26 letters to hurl our thoughts into open space. 




 but what was on the back? 
























 TIL snipes are real 





























 it's my first, he's a champ 





























 Thank you so much, I'll remember that. 




 ah yes the american savannah beasts 
























 Thank you, my mother is an extremely negative person and although she doesn't mean to, she makes me feel very hopeless. I was nervous to post about this because I didn't know if anyone would care but the response (and the responses I see here every day) give me so much hope. 




 I cried when reading this but I think it was happy tears. Thank you, this was an immense help 
























 I'm going to remember that, I mean everyone recites the whole 'it's medicine hakuna matata' monologue but for a while I felt like I wasn't myself because they were making me into a different person, happy or not. I guess it.doesn't affect my personality, just my mood. It's an assist but not life support.  




 I wouldn't make this judgement for others, but even though I'm not ashamed of being medicated, I still strongly want to avoid becoming dependent or relying on them to feel good. Everything that happened today brought that fear more into light, and although I have an illness I guess I just wish I could be okay on my own. 
























 That feels like such a revelation, all the comments here are so completely inspiring and all I can think is- wow, this never occurred to me but you all are right. Thank you seriously this improved my outlook a lot. I'm still getting used to the shiny new issues that have been assigned to me, and every bit of support helps me get a little farther along in the journey (cliche party \m/ ) I'm sure this is how everyone in this subreddit feels and I hope I can help people too 




 I have, the amount of support for total strangers here is staggering. This is my first post here and I want to become more involved 
























