 A lot of the time I have trouble communicating why I feel so unhappy because there is no one core reason. I hate it when people say "You're not making any sense." after they ask me repeatedly to explain how I feel even after I tell them "I don't know" ... 
























 I try to count back from 10 but it's still really hard... what do you do to calm down? I get really angry like a spike of emotion, then I get angry and sad at myself for being so petty 
























 I barely stop myself, but whenever something annoys me I think of the most hurtful comment that I could possibly say to them, and for that split second I feel that I am completely justified to say that. But even when someone is saying nothing I feel like they are silently judging me somehow. I know it's crazy but nothing helps me from thinking that the world is against me or something (not meant to sound as melodramatic but I can't think of a better way to explain) 
























 I'm really glad I'm not alone, I even get self-conscious around the person I've been dating for a year and a bit. I get really nervous that my depression will drive them away 
























 Let's hope that never happens. But sometimes I can't help but think that they will be so much better off without me, and they know that they would be happier without me. I don't want them to leave but, sometimes I wonder if they want to leave but they are just too nice to. 
























 I usually never cry in front of other people, but these past few weeks I've had random crying phases that pop up several times a day, and they have been really confusing and frustrating. However, recently (and I think it's due to the meds I'm on) I had a really bad breakdown right in front of my boyfriend. I know I didn't make sense but I couldn't stop crying. At that moment in time I really wanted the whole world to just end. But what hurt me the most is that he started yelling at me too, and kept on saying "I don't understand you" and "What do you want from me" and "I give up". I was on the floor and he was all the way across the room. At that moment I wanted him to just be close to me and maybe let me know I wasn't completely alone. I realize now that this is just me wanting something and not considering what the other person is feeling, but now I don't know how to face him. One, because I am completely mortified by how much I cried and babbled. Two, because I can't help but feel hurt by how he got angry at me, even though on multiple occasions I have tried to tell him what is wrong with me, and what happens to me recently. He always avoids conversation about my depression, saying "don't think about it, if you think about it, it won't go away". I know it's probably annoying to hear someone talk about being depressed, but I thought he would at least try for me (we have been going out for some time). I don't know what to do, please help me out. 
























 Hi, I just want you to know that you're not alone, I have panic attacks too and I have no way of controlling them. Especially recently. You can't stop crying, you can't stand, you can't breathe. It's terrifying, but you are definitely not alone, hopefully we can find ways of coping 
























  It's kind of strange, you said most of what has been going on in my head, and a lot of our situations are similar. It's really frustrating and you want it to all go away, but it won't. I don't know how to cope with my problems yet, so I can't give any advice, but one of the main problems I have is that I feel completely alone. So just to let you know, you are not alone, because there are other people who feel the same way 
























