
































































 I was just wondering what people thought about the idea of a bimbo sub dedicated to hardcore material? I absolutely love the pics that get posted here, but I'd love even more to see some gifs or videos of bimbos getting nailed or sucking cock, which is where half of the attraction comes from for me.

I realise the sub is NSFW by default, but that doesn't seem to extend to HC, and I think it's better that way - I always feel HC stuff should have its own sub.

Does anyone else think it's an idea that could work? Unfortunately I wouldn't be in a position to start it, I haven't been on this account for 30 days yet, and to be honest, I go back to work on Monday, so I'd be too busy to be a mod as well. If anyone did start one I'd definitely post on it and try to keep it going.

Anyway, just wanted to float the idea, and see what people thought :) 
























 I realise FC3 is quite an old game now, but I only recently bought and played it, and have to say, the cutscenes in it are absolutely brilliant, and I can think of few better.

The animations as they talk to you are brilliantly done, with all the subtle hand gestures, and body movements, and the voice acting is of a really high standard as well I think.

It's been a while since cutscenes genuinely got me more immersed in the game! It's also been a while since cutscenes genuinely made me laugh, but with Dr Earnhart, Hurk etc. I was chortling with gusto! 















































































 I recently just finished FC3 as a stealth player, but now I want to go back and become the embodiment of John Rambo. The thing is, I'm not sure how best to use C4 and mines in the game. In the experience I had in my stealth game, when enemies are fighting you, they often stay behind cover, and if they don't it's hard to predict where they'll go. Can anyone give me some tips on this? I'd be very grateful. 






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I've reached a point in the game where I'm finding dragon battles far too easy, and want to make them tougher. I know there is the mod Deadly Dragons, but I've tried and tried and can't get it to work. I also looked at Enhanced Mighty dragons but that seems to have been removed.

Are there any other active mods that could help me? Thanks 





















































































































































 I swear I've never played a game where I've put off completing as much as I have with Skyrim. I'm now at level 43, but just keep telling myself "I'll do this, then go back to the main quest.....I'll do THIS then go back to the main quest".

I still have the Dawnguard DLC to get through, and I'm thinking of getting Dragonborn, downloading the Fight the Thalmor stuff, and THEN I'll finish the main quest (I'm more or less at the end of that).

Honestly, no game has ever had this effect on me - desperately trying to extend the game because I don't want it to be over! :( (Then I start again with my stealth character :P) 


































 I was just wondering what you guys prefer your legs to be like? Do you prefer them thin, like those on a supermodel? Or do you prefer yours a bit thicker?

Personally, thin legs do nothing for me, I like mine with a bit more meat on them (up to a point!). I love to imagine them wrapped around my waist :D  




 For some reason, Belethor died in my game, probably at the hands of vampires. I realised this happened when his shop was closed for days on end. I used the console command to respawn him, and he went into his shop, but my problem hasn't been solved. Even during the day, it still makes me pick the lock to get in the shop and he just tells me to get out. Is there any way to cure this? Whiterun is my go to place to sell things and without Belethor there, it's a massive pain :( 
























 I absolutely love this game, and the quests are great, but I do wish they had more quests where not everything is handed to you on a plate, and you need to figure things out yourself from clues you're given.

One of my favourite quests was Lost to the Ages (from the Dawnguard DLC), where you receive a journal and have to use the map drawn in it with the notes to figure out where you have to go, and it's only when you arrive there that the marker appears. I feel that it just adds so much to the fun and immersion of the game. Also, I now have the Destruction Ritual Spell quest to do, and I'm busy trying to figure out where the clues lead with that book.

Are there other examples of quests like that in the game?

 




 I was wondering if there's a mod out there that adds numerical values to the stat bars on the hud? I'm playing as a mage, and would really like to know exactly how much magic I have so that I know exactly when I can cast a spell, rather than my usual "Fireba....oh no hang on. Right, fireb.....what??? still not enough?? OK NOW! FIREB.....oh I'm dead" 

It doesn't really help with the immersion :( Thanks for any help you can give 





























 Hi guys,

My favourite kind of picture or video when it comes to huge boobs is when a guy has his face mashed right into them, and I've seen enough material around to think that a subreddit on the subject could work, but was wondering if one like that exists already? I've tried searching but nothing has come up.

Thanks for any help! 




















































































 Definitely one of the best pictures I've seen on this sub. 
























 I'm afraid it's just a gif I found - no idea what the source is :( 













































































































 [Source](http://www.playvid.com/watch?v=44L7FogJoZp) 
































































 Big smile. Great rack. 



















 Yup! Just how I like them, nice and thick :D 




 Ok, thank you both :) 




 I was just wondering if it's possible to change the titles of posts in a sub that I mod?

Thanks 



















 Thank you :) 




 I'm really not sure mate but I do hope so! 









 I agree, not sure why a separate sub is needed for them, I'm sure they'd be welcome here! 




 Gifs are welcome at bimboxxx, but they must be of a hardcore nature, which is the purpose of the sub :) 




 Hi guys,

Over the last few weeks I've added quite a few shortcuts to my toolbar at the top of the table, and I was just wondering if there's an option to make the shortcut toolbar thicker, so that all my shortcuts fit on it, rather than having to scroll left and right to find them?

Thanks for any info 




 Ah ok, I'll post in there, thanks :)

The source code would be double dutch to me :D

Thanks for the help :) 




 Thanks mate, is there a manual or faq somewhere that I can find out how to do it from?? I've gone through all the preferences and can't find it! 




 As far as I'm concerned, Alia Janine is the best tit fucker out there, and so I wanted to share my favourite scene of hers with you all. I honestly had so much trouble deciding which section to make the gif from, but in the end I chose the part where her tits are all wet and slippery. I realise the gif is quite large, but I didn't want to cut it down anymore!

[Here](http://spankbang.com/1jrr/video/cumblastcity+mrs+janine+big+boobs+blasted) is the full, incredible video. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I do :D 









 Hi guys,

I'm currently using the RES, although I don't know if that has anything to do with my question! Basically, I've now gotten to the point where I'm subbed to quite a number of different places, and was wondering if I can make the grey shortcut bar at the top thicker, so that all the shortcuts are there on the same line, rather than having to click left and right to find them.

Thanks peeps 




 Cracking figure, and she's gorgeous as well! Nice post :) 




 "Hope is a good thing. maybe the best of good things. and no good thing ever dies." 




 Sorry it's just a gif I found on the net :( 















































































 What I love is that she has huge tits, but also a slim waist. Great proportions! 




















































































 The dress on its own would be amazing, but those thigh high socks elevate it to new levels!! Fantastic picture :) 




 Rosanna Davison I've been told. 



















 Fucking love it. I'd kill to have my face buried in those monsters! 



















 Yeah I love that girl's figure. 



































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Holy fuck, anyone know this woman's name? 




 /r/HighHeels  




 No bother at all :) 




 Found out on another sub, it's Cora Skinner :) 




 Dammit, I was trying to find some links to go with the names, but my internet is being shit, so I'll just give you the names.

Charlotte Poole

Nicola McLean

Gemma Hiles

Cara Brett

Chanelle Hayes

Sophie Reade


 




 To each his own I suppose, but as far as bimbos go I certainly don't rate her the hottest in the UK, and not even on the radar when it comes to the whole world! 




 Ah yeah, that was it, cheers :) I'll keep it here then, I'll let the mods decide whether or not to remove it :) 









 Ah, thank you so much. Was the picture in this sub do you know? Or is it ok to leave it here? 














 This picture is sure to get some love in /r/tightdresses :) 




 This picture was posted either on this sub or on /r/legs, I'm not sure which. The reason I'm posting it here (and there) is because someone ID'ed her last time, and I've forgotten her name and really want to get more pics of her! If anyone can link me to the re-post (I couldn't find it), then I'll take this down. If it's not a re-post, I'll keep it here. 









 This picture was posted either on this sub or on /r/HighHeels, I'm not sure which. The reason I'm posting it here (and there) is because someone ID'ed her last time, and I've forgotten her name and really want to get more pics of her! If anyone can link me to the re-post (I couldn't find it), then I'll take this down. If it's not a re-post, I'll keep it here. 









 So would I! I'm afraid I don't know who she is, it was a random gif I found :( 




 I'm afraid I don't, it was a random gif I found :( 




 I'm afraid I don't know, it was a random gif I found :( 




 Stunning figure and gorgeous as well! 







































 Thank you :) 




 I'm about to play The Witcher 2 for the first time, and have the enhanced edition. I was under the impression that the Full Combat Rebalance mod was created by one of the developers, is that right?. Does that mean it was included in the enhanced edition, or do I still need to download and install it if I want to use it?

Thanks! 




 Lucy Pinder 




 Ah right, it makes more sense now. I wonder why they're less common in certain places. 
























 How can you tell? I'm rubbish at spotting photoshopped stuff :( 




 I absolutely love me a bit of Jordan Carver, but if this isn't a sweater, then I don't see how it's appropriate here. I'm not trying to be a dick, I know this sub doesn't get a lot of posts, but I do think we should stick to what the sub is about, otherwise what's the point of it? 



















 From my experiences of cycling, there does seem to be a nice camaraderie between those of us who travel that way, particularly in cities. Often, when I stop at the lights and another cyclist pulls up, I'll start chatting to them, making the whole journey that bit more pleasant. That doesn't seem to exist with those who drive, but I realise that's because you're both in a box on wheels, and winding down the window to shout across to the other driver does seem a bit crazy. They'd probably be terrified more than anything!

But anyway, yes, this guy was being an arsehole.

ETA: I know these guys aren't on bicycles, but I would imagine there's a similar unspoken bond. 




 I've never been one to comment on what I think is a poor post, I just downvote and move on, but I have to break my silence for this. The joke here appears to be that OP has found something shaped like a Capri Sun carton, but it actually contains soup, is that right? The only way I can see how that would be even remotely funny, nevermind get almost 2000 upvotes, is if these cartons were a novelty or a new item where the OP was from, is that the case? I've seen a few comments here which make me think it could be.

In the UK, at least, these pouches have been on the shelves for years for all sorts of things. [Dolmio](http://uk-pic2.ciao.com/uk/140079923.jpg), [Uncle Ben's](https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTdQVkmw3Z3gtnGB_G45TRFKvUeu6zh-aKu80CraxZdRZzWjFsivg), [Maltesers](http://www.americansweets.co.uk/ekmps/shops/statesidecandy/images/british-maltesers-chocolates-case-of-11x-135g-bags-6135-p.jpg), [Soup that isn't Campbell's](http://www.britishsupermarketworldwide.com/acatalog/loyd_grossman_tomato_basil_pouch_soup_420g.jpg). They're so commonplace that it wouldn't even enter my mind that it's like a Capri Sun bag. 

Ah well, to each his own I suppose! I'm off to buy aforementioned products and reap sweet karma!
 




 I'd love it if someone recognised him and he was prosecuted. There's precedent for it apparently, according to one of the links in the comments.

[Link](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/19/ryan-waterman-florida-man_n_2716846.html) 




 It reminds me of the picture that was on here recently of the guy planking a tiger in one of those sanctuaries. Harassing an animal for no other reason than an attempt to get a few laughs is pretty pathetic. 




 I'd say rock more than metal, but either way it's brilliant :D 




 [I managed to find this](http://pornsharing.com/super-sexy-patient-katie-kox-with-big-breasts_v24402?utm_source=AlexZutm_medium=tgputm_campaign=AlexZ#.UuNw4xA1iUk). It's not the full thing, but has the titfucking part in it. It's from a clip called Patients Without Borders on the Brazzers website. 




 To be fair to him, when an interviewer once asked him 'What would you be if you weren't a footballer?", he said "Probably a virgin" :D 




 Thanks mate :) 




 I have no idea! I just post things individually in different subs! 




 She's like Miranda Kerr with massive tits. Awesome gif. 


































 We're always looking for fresh posts on /r/bimboxxx, this would be perfect.

:) 



















 Definitely blue for me. 














 Ah! My apologies, I misunderstood. 




 Christ, how long are her legs?? And that mane of red hair is awesome :) 




 I'm genuinely curious as to what it is you find so bad about this picture. I realise you said the majority of the pics, which doesn't necessarily include this one, but that's the implication, seeing as you posted here.

She's wearing a tight dress, what else are you looking for? 




 How do you guys do this? I keep posting smaller pictures because I don't know how to make them high res like that. 




 Thank you :) 




 Ah thanks mate :-) I think I've always just called light blue turquoise so I'll be more careful in the future.  




 I think I need to get my eyes checked. I can see a light turquoise tinge in that dress but it appears I'm the only one! 




 I added a couple already :-) I've subbed to it, I love bandage dresses I'll post more pics when I see them :-) 

















































 Thanks mate :-) 




 I'll dig around for it when I get back from work.  
























 Can't believe I didn't recgonise her, she's one of my favourite bimbos! 




 Ah, sorry, didn't know the name so went by the heading on the picture which said Nichole Roedder for some reason.

Thanks for the correction. 




 Ah, sorry, didn't know the name so went by the heading on the picture which said Nichole Roedder for some reason.

Thanks for the correction. 



















 Wow! The girl on the left is incredible. Looks nice and tall, just how I like them :D 














 [Complete set of pictures here](http://www.nuts.co.uk/48e4ee63da099/sophie-howard-sexy-secretary) 









 [More pics from the same set here](http://www.nuts.co.uk/48e4ee63da099/sophie-howard-sexy-secretary#1) 









 Ok will do :-)

Edit: never mind its there already. 














 These comics are great. How long does it take you to do one? 




 Incredible cheekbones. 














 This is the incredible Aneta Buena. 









 This is Maggie Green. She is awesome. 





































































 I don't know and it's bugging the hell out of me!! I recognise the face but can't for the life of me remember her name :( :( 




 Love that figure. 




 I love these pictures of women who have really slim waists but still have a nice big ass! 





























 Is this Angie Varona? 









 In case anyone is wondering, her full name is [Leigh Darby](http://www.boobpedia.com/boobs/Leigh_Darby) and she's a British porn star. 












































 [It's even better in slow motion](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xtVJOKNTRI) 
































































 Why do models do this sometimes? i.e. have a bout a million different names they go by. 
































































 I don't mean speculation at the time when Ferguson was leaving and there was still a vacancy to be filled. I mean this utterly pointless speculation about what might be if Mourinho had become Man United manager. Like I said, there are a ton of 'what if's' you could come up with that would affect the league. It's absolute drivel, and it's made worse so when you consider his position on the site. Is this really the best that the BBC's top sports writer can come up with? 




 I don't, sorry :( 




 Yeah it's the speculative nature of the post I'm alluding to. This guy is the chief sports writer for the BBC and he just comes out with the most inane stuff. 

Speculation is for the tabloids as far as I'm concerned. You could literally speculate all day on football matters! What if Rooney had gone to Chelsea? What if Wenger had spent more money? etc. etc. It's such poor quality. 




 As far as I'm aware they went straight for Moyes on Ferguson's advice. But even if they had, the headline would have to read 'What if Mourinho had chosen Man United?'.

It's just so shoddy! 




 I would love nothing more than to say I took this picture myself, but sadly this is not the case.

I'm afraid I don't have a source, sorry :( 




 Yeah, it was the calves that got me!

No name I'm afraid, sorry :( 




 This guy has to be one of the biggest hacks around. When it comes to the Premier League I'm entirely neutral, but even I can see that he writes an inordinate amount of articles related to Man United, and this is his latest cutting-edge offering:

http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/25758108

The chief sports writer, penning an article based on a 'what if?'. It's ludicrous. And to name the article 'What if Man Utd had chosen Mourinho?' is idiotic in itself - Mourinho was never offered the United job!

I wish they'd sack him and use the money they save to bring back 606!! 






















































 Very well - I had absolutely no idea! 




 Absolutely love that colour. 





























 Yeah I'll be honest, I didn't know whether or not I was stretching the definition of the term by posting it, but I decided to post it and let the mods decide her fate!  






















































 Haha I noticed that - is it a guy with one of those rage comic trololo faces?? 




 That's exactly where my frustration comes from. I try hard to post fresh content here, checking to make sure it's not in the top 50, or been posted in the last 15 days, and to come on and see that someone has actually taken the time to post such a nitpicking comment does my head in. I could understand if I'd posted a picture of a purple dress and said 'Green dress!', but red and orange are hardly a million miles away from each other. Surely people's enjoyment of these pictures aren't actually affected by any minor discrepancy between the title and what the picture actually shows? 









 I tried to find pictures that showed the heels more, but I couldn't :( This pic will have to do I'm afraid! 
























 [Fill your boots, good sir.](http://imgur.com/a/c6mJA) 




 Ah, really? :( 




 Indeed. Amy Childs isn't exactly what one would call a lady :D 



















 Eva Notty was my absolute favourite porn star until her most recent breast expansion. I think they just look awful now, whereas they used to look fantastic :( 




 Wow! Can anyone ID? 
























 That would be a bit *too* niche surely? :) 




 I am genuinely mystified as to why people post comments like this. So you came here to point out my mistake, saw that someone else had already done so, yet rather than just upvote them and move on, you upvoted (presumably) and then added this completely pointless comment. Are you really that desperate for everyone reading to know that you also spotted the mistake? That's the kind of thing I see in primary schools when a pupil blurts out 'I knew that!' when someone else gets the chance to answer, because they can't bear the thought of the teacher not acknowledging them for it. 




 No, my eyes don't need checking. The reason I thought it was orange is because my room is dimly lit in the evenings, and I also run a program called F.lux. Blue light is thought to upset the circadian rhythm, which is why using a computer before bed can have negative effects on sleep. F.lux is a program that blocks that some of the blue light that emanates from my computer screen, which gives it an orange hue.

Obviously I can now see it's red, but do you really think snide remarks about people needing to have their eyesight checked is going to encourage people to post here? I'd love to think you were genuinely concerned for me, but I seriously doubt that.

You'll notice that over 200 people upvoted the picture, and no doubt a lot of them saw my mistake, but the vast majority didn't feel the need to publicly point it out. 




 Henleymeat! 




 Is it? I searched her name before I posted and didn't see it. 




 I want to fall asleep IN them 




 Afraid not, sorry :( 




 Same here, I think she's fucking gorgeous. 




 I think this is Jodie Marsh 


















































































































 This picture is in the top 10 of /r/legs, for obvious reasons :) 



















 Haha this completely confused the shit out of me! I was sitting thinking 'eh?? I didn't post it here". I was thinking of it, but I didn't think it quite fit the criteria. Enjoy your ill-begotten karma!! :D 




 God, that area of a woman's body around the neck, collarbone and just above the breasts is so fucking hot on slim women. 




 Just wanted to return and say a huge thank you to /u/Rath1on for not letting me give up. I turned the difficulty down to Easy just to get through the dreadful prologue, and now I'm really having fun :) I do still find the combat a bit clunky and unresponsive, but on the other hand, it can be really exhilarating with the improved power of the signs etc.

Thanks! 




 I do exactly the same thing and for the exact same reasons. I love watching the NFL but I always find myself wondering how people watching it on TV put up with these constant adverts,  they drive me absolutely mad. It was the same when I watched Aussie rules football in Australia. Certain channels literally had an ad break every time the game was stopped for whatever reason. It was awful!
 




 That thumbnail makes them look like conjoined twins. 




 Thanks for the ID :) 





























 Before the rest of my comment, I would like to make it clear that I absolutely agree that banning a child for 4 days for bringing in a small packet of mini cheddars is absolute lunacy.

However, having now worked in schools for a number of years, I would like to comment on some of the points raised here. A lot of comments focus on the fact that foods shouldn't be taught as good or bad, and that things like crisps etc. should be ok, as long as they form part of a good overall diet which is true. But while it's clear that everyone on this thread is well educated in what a child's diet should look like, the reality is that a lot of parents are either uneducated, or simply don't care, judging from some of the packed lunches I've seen pupils bring in, packed with crisps, fizzy drinks, sweets etc. If the parents are unwilling or unable to become educated about healthy eating, then it falls to us to instill that in pupils. The lack of education on subjects such as this among some parents is one of the main reasons we need to do PSHE (Personal, Social and Health Education) lessons in schools. Everything contained in these lessons, including those about a balanced diet, are things that pupils should be taught by their parents but, for whatever reason, they aren't.

People might also say that it's none of the school's business what a parent wants to feed their child, but I personally disagree with this. Of all the schools I've worked in, only one has not had a healthy eating policy, which meant pupils could bring in whatever they want, and the behaviour in that school was definitely the worst I've ever encountered. I realise that in itself can't be considered evidence, as there are other factors involved, but there are plenty of studies to indicate that healthy eating does improve children's behaviour on the whole. Trying to get 30 16-year-olds settled and focused when they're up to their eyeballs in sugar and caffeine wastes a ridiculous amount of time, that could, and should, be spent teaching.

Like I said, I agree that the situation contained in the link is overkill of the highest order, but to the people who are outraged that the school is trying to dictate what the pupils eat - it's done for the right reasons, but implementation of it is often troublesome. 




 Hmm, I just checked and that happened on my mobile, but not with my PC. No idea what's going on, sorry :( 




 Actually yeah, this is my favourite one now. I love how he's got Tim Lovejoy's mannerisms down to a tee with his 'I may be older but I'm still one of the lads waheeeeeeeey' routine. 




 Pictures here are nsfw by default. 



















 Haha I loved the line about escape velocity. 












































 Yeah, quite apart from the dress showing off her great figure, she's absolutely gorgeous. 
























 Her name is Blondey McLeggyleg

Disclaimer: I may have made that up in order to allow the picture to stay. 
























 Christ on a fucking bike.

Thanks mate! 




 [Source](http://www.playvid.com/watch?v=jfdeYl5Try0) 









 What the fuck! Anyone know who this is?? 




 Not that I'm aware of :( 




 I've sent a message to the mods to ask if this picture is suitable for this sub. Obviously it's tight around the upper body, but not the lower half. Would be interested in the general consensus. 



















 One of my favourite models, her body is absolutely insane. 
























 I'm afraid I don't know but I think this looks like an advert for glasses or something so she might be a pro model.  




 I can't decide what impresses me more, your candour or your vigour! :-) 









 While I'm not colour blind, I'm notoriously bad at getting colours right in pictures. This being yet another example! 


































 Yeah I think I'll drop the difficulty for this awful prologue certainly, then perhaps put the difficulty to normal and see how I fare once I start getting some skills. 




 Do you parry absolutely everything if not doing attacks?

The reason I say the quen slows things down is that I can be fighting, then realise I need to quen, so have to physically stop moving, then cast the quen, and then keep fighting. The stop start nature of it seems so clunky to me, unlike the games I loved the combat in like Arkham Asylum or God Of War 














 Well, I've tried the FCR and I'm afraid you're going to be losing more sleep! It's certainly an improvement, but not enough for me to try playing the whole game. I know what the main thing is now that I don't like about it, and it's the problems with the parry/riposte system. In the vanilla game, your animations are too slow, and you can't cancel them so you get killed so easily by other guys unless you constantly roll all over the place, and in the FCR, it doesn't seem to have any kind of parry system that you control, it seems totally random. And then, having to stop every now and then to cast Quen just slows everything down again. I'm afraid I just find it far too unwieldy to be enjoyable, but thank you for the help :) 














 Yeah I'd be starting afresh anyway :) Thanks 




 What are the re-post rules on this sub, if any?

I only ask because a number of picture subs I'm part of have a no re-post rule for the top 50 or 100 pictures, and this picture is number 7 in the top 100 here. Just wondering what the case is here. 
























 I already tried FCR2, but couldn't really get to grips with it, but will go back and try it again. 




 This is why I asked whether or not the dodge spam is just in the prologue, or whether it carries on throughout the game. Part of the reason I'm struggling is definitely because I have so little in the way of traps, bombs etc. I just don't like the idea of, even with having lots of resources to hand, constantly having to roll all over the place. I'll reinstall FCR2 and give it another go :) 




 Definitely not misquoting. The number might be slightly off, but it was definitely about a picture of an erect penis versus a picture of a vagina. 




 Thank you, my liege! 

I go forth with a fire in my heart, and will strive to yet further the cause of this beautiful subreddit. FOR TIGHTDRESSES!!!

Seriously though, thank you very much :) 









 I can't remember exactly where I read this, but I think it was Men's Health. They had a little fact page and one of the facts was that, according to a survey they did, about 65% of men, when given a choice, would rather look at a picture of an erect penis than a vagina. To be honest, I'm also a heterosexual male, and I'd choose a picture of an erect penis every time. 


































 Thanks a lot for the detailed response. Unfortunately, I don't think the game is going to be for me by the sounds of it, which is such a shame, I absolutely loved the first one! 

But the 3rd one should be out in the not too distant future, so hopefully I'll be able to enjoy that one :) 














 I've just recently started playing the Witcher 2, and unfortunately I'm just not enjoying it at all due to the combat. I've read loads of things online about it, and the general consensus seems to be in order to be successful you use signs, attack, roll away, and repeat this over and over. Is that the case the whole way through the game?

Before people start having a go at me, I'm not saying the combat is bad, I'm just saying I personally don't find it enjoyable and won't do if dodge spam is a large part of what I need to do the entire game.

Would appreciate any replies.

Thanks!  









 Cold, and yet, so hot. 









 Christ, those legs! 




 Bang tidy! This is Rhian Sugden, by the by.  




 Yeah, sorry about that, couldn't find one without it :( 




 I cannot get enough of this woman. 









 [Not a bother](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Coolidge_after_signing_indian_treaty.jpg) 




 Her name is Miss Meena if you're interested. 














 thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou 







































  it took a lot of guys for her to say that

This is quite the typo, given the context :D 




 I don't find it unbelievable that he's enlightened or completely accepting of his friend, and I'm glad that he is. What I find hard to believe is what you claim he actually said. As if his enlightenment is such that he wouldn't understand that the 'problem' his friend wanted to discuss was that he was coming out. It sounds like something from some cheesy teenage drama. 




 [Source](http://www.xvideos.com/video1517509/alexis_texas_analm28) 









 Look, I'm really glad that your son doesn't see homosexuality as an issue, I genuinely am. But please, don't try and feed us the absolute absurdity that he's *so* enlightened and blase about it, that when his friend came out to him, he didn't even register that it was the 'problem' his friend wanted to talk about. Next time, maybe try something like:

My son's response was "Ok. Is this what you meant when you said you had a problem you wanted to talk about? Don't worry mate, we're best friends, I don't care about stuff like that."

Much more believable, and less likely to get people linking you to /r/thatHappened  




 I recommend Jedi 




 Issit? Thanks :) 




 The one in the middle is gorgeous, does anyone know who she is? 




 Perfect, thank you :) 


































 Can anyone make this bigger? 



















 Just goes to show how different people can be. I personally love it when you can see a bit of VPL, while g-strings do absolutely nothing for me whatsoever. 




 Jesus fucking christ, she's 15?? Right that's it in only posting pictures of pensioners now just to be on the safe side! Thanks mate 



















 I would motorboat those until my dying days, if only I was given the chance. 














 Ah shit, thanks for the heads up 




 Ah, ok! Perfect :) 




 Quite often I end up saving the picture to my desktop then uploading to imgur, would that still work? I would imagine it wouldn't because the actual link name would change. 




 What a body.
 









 Just goes to show how different people's tastes are - number 1 is definitely my favourite! 









 Ah cheers, I didn't realise there were programs designed to help the prevention of re-posting, I'll be getting my hands on them :) 



















 This woman apparently used to be a London escort, but her name escapes me unfortunately :( 




 WOW!!! One of the most beautiful women I've ever seen posted on this sub. Bit of a long shot, seeing as it looks like a random selfie, but does anyone have an ID for her?  




 girl in pink has incredible thighs 




 Her ass is huge! I love it :-D 


































 Never have I been so glad to live in London :P 




 Amazing tits as well. 




 How more black could this dress be?

And the answer is, none.......none more black. 




 Get thee to /r/bentatthewaist, for they will derive much enjoyment from this picture!

I love this one, thanks OP! 



















 Dayum-i Padron I think would be a more appropriate moniker! 









 She looks like one of those inflatable sex dolls in that last picture. 




 Love that ass! 




 Haha I put it there hours ago :-D 




 Fuckin...NICE! 




 Great figure! 




 I love fabric like that, where you can really feel the body underneath the dress, is that silk? 




 This may be a picture for the heels, but I cannot stop staring at that arse. 




 Sorry, I made that sound as if anyone who likes it is 'wrong', which wasn't my intention. What I mean is that I'm convinced that there are lots of people who'll go along with anything that sounds remotely profound such as some of the quotes that go with these pictures, just because they think they should, or because it makes them look really deep, not because they actually believe it or understand it. 






















































 [This is the complete picture](http://i.imgur.com/Y8JbgFv.jpg) 

:) 




 I'm with you, I really don't get the love for this kind of thing. Personally, I think there's an air of The Emperor's New Clothes about it all. No one wants to be the person to stand up and say 'Actually, I think this is ridiculous', for fear of the reaction they'd get. 




 It could just be the old cynic in me, but please tell me I'm not the only one who enjoys these pictures from a photographic viewpoint, but finds the quotes that follow just absolute pretentious nonsense. Is this what these people are actually meant to have said at the time? Or were they allowed to go away and think about something and send it in? I only ask because I have never met anyone who speaks even remotely like almost all of these people, and reading them makes me grateful that that's the case!

EDIT: Changed wording 




 I think you could be right! :) Even if you aren't, that woman's fucking gorgeous as well :D 




 I love how the dark lines compartmentalise her body parts perfectly :) 




 Yes I do post a lot and I'll continue to do so. All I'm doing is trying to contribute fresh content to the subs that I'm part of, I don't see how it matters who the posts are made by. But as I said, I will take more time in describing the pictures accurately, I can understand the frustrations it causes. 




 Perfect fit :) 




 Fuck she's beautiful, who is she? 




 Yeah they've gone a bit OTT with it, especially in the face :/ 




 Yeah this is Jasmine James, apparently. I didn't know but someone IDed for her me :) 




 Brilliant picture!  




 She's done a couple of videos with Leeanne Crow on ddf. She is so fucking sexy 




 Thanks :-) 




 Holy shit thanks for the ID and album link she's incredible!  




 Thank you good sir, you've just cleared up a massive amount of confusion for me and my friends! We were on our way to Kensington, and the District line was packed with people in costumes and we couldn't for the life of us figure out why! 




















































































 As do I! My pins would look dynamite in it! 




 I really wish you could edit titles here :( 




 Thank you for the consultation, kind internet stranger. While you're here, do you think you could have a look at my balls? I seem to have developed a rather nasty rash. I've sent you a picture as a PM. I await your diagnosis with a hopeful heart! 




 Agreed. I was too hasty in posting and only glanced at them. But thank you for not being a dick when correcting me, that happens very rarely on here. 




 Love that skirt - very sexy. 




 Wow! Thank you for that :) 




 I did not receive the luxury of such an education, raised as I was by wolves in a forest untouched by human hands and unseen by human eyes. 









 There's a picture from the same set on another sub, and her face looks awful in that one as well. She's got such a beautiful face, naturally, she doesn't need layers of make up! :( 









 Yeah she's very much like Denise Milani in that respect. 






















































 I absolutely love how dresses like this make women's arses look so fucking big and juicy! I want a bite! :D 




 Is there a video of this?  




 I gladly volunteer to test this theory out! 




 I love that she's doing more and more hardcore stuff now. 




 I'm getting a forbidden access screen. 









 As soon as I saw my mistake I was thinking 'Shiiiiiiiiiiit people are going to think she posts here now!!'.

My apologies :( 
































































 This picture seems to get posted in a constant cycle between here, /r/legs, and /r/highheels :)

This is not a complaint - it's a great picture :) 




 I wish I knew, she's absolutely stunning! 




 Hmmm, not sure why. Just checked it myself and it's working for me. 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 Does this count as a sweater? If not, please remove mods, but dammit I had to let people see this gif. 







































 Apologies for the dreadful picture quality :( 



















 I can't stop imagining her slowly unzipping that dress, unleashing the cannons that lay beneath! Mercy! 




 Thanks for the ID :) 




 Georgia Salpa I think 




 Source unknown sorry. Random pic! 




 /r/seethru would probably enjoy this, if you haven't posted it there already.  




 Insta-boner 




 I can't believe a film called Mr Grumpypants has a line like that in it! Disney are getting pretty heavy these days. 




 HEID! PANTS! NOW! 





























 This is a great picture of her rack, but I can't believe what her make up artist has done to her naturally pretty face!
 







































 But the stat says that 632 players played for Arsenal **before** Wenger, and that 188 players played under Wenger. So you have to add those numbers up before you work out the percentage, making it 22.9%, which is still a hell of a lot! :) 




 [The Daily Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsene-wenger-infographic-stats-17-3625829) version doesn't quite match up to the standard of the OP. 




 Isn't her name Faith Nelson?

http://www.boobpedia.com/boobs/Faith_Nelson 




 You're really confusing me now, so I'll try again from the top!

You asked why they would even try and fix a match, when the authorities were going to be scrutinising it. When you said 'they', I assumed you meant the Nigerian players.

In my reply I said they may still try and fix the match regardless, as these things often involve lots of money and they might feel it was worth the risk. In this particular case I did mean the Nigerian players, but I also mean generally. For example, the Pakistani cricket players who were caught match-fixing must have known the dangers of being caught, but went along with it anyway.

So, in summary, any players from any sport who get involved in match-fixing are likely to know that they're being watched or that the consequences of being caught would be dire, but the money to be made can be enough of a temptation to try it. 




 No matter how many times I see it, I'll never be convinced this was anything but deliberate. A few people have said that he must have been putting pressure on both sides of the ball when he caught it, and when his right hand "slipped", the force of his left hand pushed the ball into the net. But the ball was coming straight at him more or less when he caught it, so most of the force from his hands would be behind the ball. I just don't believe for a second there would be enough force to push the ball in at that speed when his right hand did move without him actually chucking it in. 

I showed this to a friend of mine who abhors football and he burst out laughing when he saw it! 




 I'm talking in general about any player who is involved in match fixing. 




 Please God, don't let this happen!! :( 




 I would imagine they're happy to fix a match, even under close scrutiny, because they could stand to make a massive amount of money from it, and as has been demonstrated perfectly, it's almost impossible to prove whether or not someone has done something deliberately, despite how obvious it looks to those watching. 




 I'm with you mate, I can't see how anyone would see this as anything other than blatantly intentional. Yes a player jumps into him, but the ball was coming straight at him at the time of him catching it. I just refuse to believe there was enough contact, or the keeper was exerting enough pressure on the ball from one side, to cause that to happen! He's lobbed it! 




 The match isn't being fixed for the benefit of the Nigerian team, it's being fixed for the benefit of all the people who are in on it, and stand to make lots of money from bets. 




 Out of interest, are landlords allowed to specify at all when it comes to tenants? I only ask because I'm looking for a place in a house share at the moment in London, and one of the sites called Move Flat often has adverts that state "for female". I don't know if there's a "for male" option, but I've never seen an advert with that on it, although I would imagine the option is there.  




 She looks like a well-endowed Chloe Moretz. 




 Love this bit about Messi :D

 With a favourable draw, an impressive squad supporting him, and without Diego Maradona being behaviourally barmy and tactically unhinged in the dugout, the stage is set for one of the greatest footballers of all time to retake the lead in his personal World Cup goalscoring head-to-head against Brighton's Matthew Upson, which currently stands tantalisingly poised at 1-1. 




 Is there the possibility of Rangers going to the wall again over all this? I genuinely find it hard to keep up with goings on, especially as I don't live in Scotland anymore. 




 Ray-zon det-ruh

I think! 




 Sammy Braddy. 




 If you could provide a source for this I'd be very grateful :) 




 What's a brew? 




 Yeah winning against control is satisfying, mainly because my decks tend to get ripped apart by them! 




 I was just wondering if there's any decks you play against that give you that bit more satisfaction winning against than other decks.

I have a Sanguine Bond + Crypt Incursion deck which I've used to pretty good effect, but the deck I love to beat more than others with it is the U/B mill deck. I just played someone who was playing Jace, as well as Phenax, and in two turns he managed to mill me to about 12 cards left, and the whole time I was just sitting grinning as he fed my win condition. (I play online, so I don't need to play with a poker face!)

Casting the crypt incursion right at the death was highly satisfying :D

What are yours? 




 Hahahah! That gave me a proper belly laugh, wasn't expecting that at all :D 




 Yeah I've had bodies disappear and was always worried the rats had munched them, but it seems to just happen sometimes and doesn't register as a death, 




 Especially not when you're bouta go on! 




 Fucking hell - the very thought of being ridden cowgirl by Leanne Crow is instantly boner inducing, never mind a picture that shows you just what the view would be like!! 




 Wahey! Got it :) Thanks for the tips, it was definitely the drowning that did it before, I always made sure of the other ones you guys talked about. 




 Exactly! I've been doing that every mission, but didn't know about the drowning :( 




 When I do it this time, everyone is getting thrown on top of a fucking cupboard :D 




 I'm pretty sure that must have been what caused mine. I'll try again and make sure I keep them out the puddles this time! 




 They can drown??? Fucking hell. So if I sleep dart someone I need to make sure they aren't left in a big puddle of water? 




 I know there's been a recent thread about someone who took hours to complete a mission, only to have "hostiles killed:1" at the end, and I'm having a similar problem in The Surge level of the Knife of Dunwall DLC.

My question is - what kind of things can cause hostiles to be killed after you've knocked them out?

I know rats can eat them, so I always stash bodies off the floor.
I also know that falling from a height can kill them, so I always try to do a choke and carry.

What other ways can it happen? I got yet another single hostile killed in that level, even though I made sure no-one fell, and the bodies were out of the reach of rats (which I killed as well just to be sure!). 




 Thanks everyone. I didn't realise Chrome had such trouble with Silverlight. I've downloaded it again and I'm using it on IE and it's working fine :) 




 Chrome - do I need IE for HTML 5? 




 Hi everyone,

I've been having massive problems with Silverlight recently, getting that 2103 error code and not being able to fix it no matter what steps I take.  I noticed in the playback settings there's a choice for HTML5 over Silverlight, which I've ticked, but when I try to watch something it tells me I need to download Silverlight first!

Is HTML5 playback only available on Windows 8, or am I missing something somewhere?

Would really appreciate any help, it's very frustrating :( 




 Has anyone been to the temple of Abu Simbel? I'm dying to go, but feel like I should temper my expectations a little. It's only recently I've discovered they moved it, so it's not in the mountainside anymore like Petra is. Would appreciate any thoughts on it :) 




 100% agree. I couldn't beleive how small the Sphinx was, I was so disappointed :(

And I think the biggest disappointment about the pyramids is how close they are to the city. All the postcards etc. make it look like they're in the middle of the desert, but you can literally see them from a Pizza Hut not far away!

It has taught me one thing - do more research in future! 




 I think one of the biggest obstacles Liverpool could face next year is that Man City would have to be dreadfully unlucky to have Toure, Kompany, Aguero and Silva all injured for the same amount of time they did this year. Wasn't there some stat that they'd only played 216 minutes together? If City can keep them fit next year, and they'll more than likely add a couple more players, things will be very tough for Liverpool, especially with them in Europe again, which requires the squad to be used to its fullest. They'll still be challenging though, regardless. 




 That was started by Chelsea fans I think, and has been adopted since by anyone playing Liverpool! 




 It certainly would - Carroll plays for West Ham! 




 [This](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/snooker/27048713) page from the BBC site is interesting. In the last decade, John Higgins is the only player to have won the championship (twice, in fact) having been involved in more frames than his opponent during the tournament. 




 I want Ronnie to win because, like you, I want him to finish his career as the undisputed best of all time - most world titles, most centuries etc.

I think if he was to play Selby his chances would be much higher. I agree that Robertson seems to have that toughness, and wouldn't be intimidated by his opponent or the occasion. 




 Thanks everyone, I managed comfortably in the end, the use of Halftracks was definitely my saviour :D

Unfortunately, I now find myself on the utterly horrendous Mortain counterattack and I don't know if I can be bothered with this style of level!  




 I do use my own tanks and AT guns, but this map is so wide, I find it hard to stop them finding a hole in my defences somewhere and getting behind me :( 




 Holy cow, I didn't know that! Thanks, that's going to make things much easier :) Although what I struggle with now is tanks rampaging through my lines, but I never use tank traps, so I need to start building them I think. 




 Thanks a lot for the reply :)

I do advance and build hard cover, but I was finding even that wasn't sufficient, but I've started to be more patient in my attacks, and sending back one unit at a time to reinforce while my other troops stay there and it seems to be working better. :) 




 Hi guys, I just started playing CoH a week or so ago, and I'm on the Hill 92 level and really struggling. The problem I'm having is that I send my troops etc. to attack, but each of my units loses a couple of guys or more, and I don't have the forward bases to replenish them, and I get overrun. Is there a tactic I should be employing that I don't know of? The only forward bases I can think of in this level are the ones on the left and right of the map. Is that what I should be using? 




 http://i.imgur.com/stFJnm0.gif 




 I love comics like this, where the women are bigger than the men (or boys in this case!) and take control, thanks for the post! 




 Oh my God, my stomach is in so much pain from laughing at this, and it's for the exact same reason as the one with the cat fail - the way the legs just splay out helplessly absolutely cracks me up every single time. XD XD

EDIT: And I think it's also the fact that neither of them even come close to making it. XD 




 [Craig Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjXIsAACBuE) made a similar save a few seasons ago. 




 It's from her own website.

[This page](http://www.leannecrow.com/boobs/2803/Big-Boobs-On-Glass-GoPro-2.html?nats=) has a preview of it. Not sure if the section from the gif is in the preview though. 




 Love this! I haven't had the chance to get to Highgate West yet, but this is the piece I'm looking forward to the most when I do get there :) 




 I have been playing this game for a few days now, and I could not for the life of me get past 128. I follow this, and I get to 256 in seconds. Unbelievable.

Thank you both :) 




 Ah ok, thank you for the swift reply. Is it a 7 minute silence at the games, or something else? 




 I just checked the BBC Sport website for kick off times this weekend, and noticed these rather unusual times. I realise that a difference of 3pm and 3.07pm isn't huge, but I was just wondering if there's something on this weekend that has completely passed me by and is affecting kick off times. 









 Fear not Red_Vancha, there are those of us who took the post in the manner it was intended and got a chuckle out of it :-) unfortunately, dry humour doesn't always seem to translate well when it's just written :-( 




 Can anyone upload a gif of Lukaku and Martinez celebrating? Sounds like something worth seeing :D 




 I don't think this is fake. This is Maritza Mendez from the sexmex website, and she does have insane proportions.

[This ](http://www.primecurves.com/maritza-mendez-land-lady/)is the prime curves site with other pics from the set.

And [this ](http://www.sexmex.xxx/preview/models/maritza.html#girls)is her page from the sexmex site. 




 Sophie Reade 




 [This](http://i.minus.com/iXATejJ4TvHp.gif) is a zoomed-in version.

Also NSFL, obviously. 




 Allow me to furnish you with a pointless fact. I recently discovered that Stewart Lee lives in the same street as me. As you were. 




 This is the single biggest reason I've never seen The Hobbit films, and don't intend to. The Hobbit films are far too heavily based on (often not very good) CGI for my liking, while the orcs etc. in LOTR looked incredible. 




 Thanks guys, and thanks for the wikipedia snippet, it was the outside interference part I was wondering about the most. 




 Incredible clip, I've never seen that before! (We only get NFL coverage in the UK, not college).

Out of interest, what would have happened if the last guy had been obstructed by a band member too slow to get off the field and then been tackled? Other than the band member being beaten to a pulp by the team of course! 




 Your second point is the reason these titles rile me so much. Don't try and sway my opinion before I've even read something with some manipulative crap. I'll form my own opinion as to whether or not I'm 'blown away' etc., which, nine times out of ten, I'm not!

 




 An artist wanted to take photographs of a small US town. How he did it will leave you speechless... 




 A man decided to make some model cars. What he did next will blow you away... 




 Perhaps, but it was more the length I was referring to. I thought the original was too short, and this one fixed that. 




 Perfect! Thanks mate, this should get upvoted to be top comment, it's better than the OP! 




 Ah, I was looking at the 'as it stands' table on the BBC site, and you're right, after this game we still have a game in hand over them. 

Disappointing would be an understatement I think if we didn't manage it :( 




 Thanks guys :) 




 I didn't realise before this game that we had a game in hand over Tottenham! Brilliant! 

Is 6th place enough for Europa league as things stand, or is that dependent on Man City winning the league? 




 Thanks for these mate.

Is Mignolet slightly at fault for the first goal? (as well as the defence obviously) I can't believe he's left such a big gap to his right.

Liverpool's goal was a cracker, gorgeous pass to Johnson. 




 Apologies if it's been posted already, but it reminds me of [this lovely video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Apsz1lVyXSY). 




 That housewife one is fucking brilliant, thanks for that. 




 Her name is Stacey Poole, not Lucy :) 




 Thanks mate :) 




 Hi everyone, Tomb Raider is on sale in Steam at the moment and I'm definitely going to snap it up, but was wondering what the different versions include (well just surviuval and GOTY because vanilla is obvious!).

The reason I ask is because I bought Dead Space 2 GOTY and wish I hadn't because I hate the way that some of the DLC gives you better equipment earlier than you would normally get it, and I want to avoid that if I can with TR.

Does survival just add extra multiplayer maps, or does it include some equipment as well?

Would be very grateful for any info! 




 Christ, those things are natural. 




 The dinner of champions. 



















 It was decent of Steve Bruce to stick up for Pardew, but his comment of "It's not like Alan, he's an established Premier League manager" seems a bit odd. Didn't Pardew push an assistant ref earlier in the season? 




 I love how Merson reacts like a kid opening a christmas present! He's loving it! :D 









 Who is that on the right? 









 Stupendous body! 




 Personally speaking, I actually prefer these types of pictures to the ones where the girl in question is flashing her bits to all and sundry. 




 I would be of absolutely no use I'm afraid. I'm a guy - I just post pictures I find elsewhere on the net! 
























 I love pictures like this. I always imagine myself lying on top and burying my face in them!! Great fun. 




 I really want to be excited for this film, but after seeing this trailer I just can't be. I think it looks like it's just going to be yet another in a long line of bad-average movies that lean far too heavily on the CGI aspect, at the expense of everything else (King Kong, Transformers, Avatar etc.). I really hope they prove me wrong! But the cgi at 0.45, and 1.09 just makes me cringe :( 









 Holy fucking shit, those legs, and that ass!!!! 




 I swear someone in the English FA has incriminating pictures of Michel Platini somewhere. Can't believe their luck, again! Meanwhile we're stuck with one of the teams favourite to win the World Cup! Again!

Ah well, at least we'll have some fun away days :D 




 Alexa Attias I think 




 Yes they do, but they expect us to use it responsibly and constructively, as I imagine most places do. Sadly, sitting looking at pictures of women doesn't really count as either. 




 Love it! Dresses that are off one shoulder drive me crazy! Such a sexy look. 




 This woman's thighs are absolutely incredible! 




 I don't know where you work, but if I was caught looking at pictures of women on the internet in my workplace, whether they were clothed or not, I'd be in a disciplinary meeting before you could say 'phwoooooooar'.

This sub is NSFW by default :) 




 Apologies for the poor quality 









 Apologies for the poor quality. 









 Apologies for the poor quality. 





























 Cora Skinner 




 I was sat there staring at the screen for ages thinking I was going made because I couldn't see a CS anywhere! This clears up the mystery, thanks! 




 I had the ending similarly ruined, but by that utterly unfunny cow Daisy Donovan. I'm glad she's disappeared into the ether. 




 Thanks for the sub! :) 




 Do you just use words in your search, or is there a program similar to karmadecay that looks for similar images? 




 Olesya Malinskaya 




 We do indeed :) 




 One of my favourite ever replies on Reddit :) 




 This is one of the top pics in /r/legs, for obvious reasons :D 




 How do you do that without affecting the resolution? 




 Thanks :) 




 I went to Uni in Hull, stayed on Auckland Ave :) Great memories! 



















 Hi guys, I checked this with the mods first and they're ok with me posting this. I've noticed a couple of hardcore pics of bimbos here recently, and just wanted to make everyone aware that myself and /u/timetopull set up a sub for that very reason called /r/bimboxxx 

To be honest, I feel like I'm ploughing a bit of a lone furrow there at the moment, so it would be great to see people over there and posting some stuff :)

Cheers! 




 Just saying a picture is photoshopped and leaving it at that isn't very helpful. I'll gladly take this down if you can provide an unedited version, or if you can point out the telltale signs. 



















 /r/bimboxxx

:) 














 Is anyone else's PC telling them that these posts were made 18 hours ago??? 




 I don't think so unfortunately. She's one of these girls who posts loads of instagram type pics, but never do the nips see the light of day :( 




 http://i.imgur.com/oXtNbN5.jpg 




 Thanks! Would you be keen for me to find more pictures of this ilk? It seems to me this sub definitely favours the slimmer woman wearing the tight dresses, but I love tight dresses on curvier women as well :) 




 I can only imagine the number and content of the PMs you must receive. Although I'm a guy, I sometimes post pictures with the word 'selfie' in them, and on more than one occasion I've had guys think it was me in the picture and send me a plea to show them more of my heavenly body. I have to admit, I've been tempted to send them a quick snap of my dazzlingly pale, non-female form, just to see their reaction, but I've resisted so far! 



















 One for those of use who enjoy the more voluptuous figure :) 







































 I realise I'm going against the grain here by saying this, but this is such a shitty thing to do someone if it's genuine and I can't believe it's getting upvoted. 




 Yeah, if this is what trannies look like, sign me up!  




 Fucking hell, I've never seen that before, and it is genuinely one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Laughed for a solid ten minutes there, thank you!! XD XD XD 




 Similar face, but there's no way that's actually her. I have no idea who it is though, sadly :( 




 Early shot of Miriam Gonzalez 
























 Not sure if this counts! If not, please remove, mods :) 














 Fucking incredible body. 




 Wish I knew :( 




 Quite. Imagine those wrapped around you! 




 WOW!!! Anyone got an ID? She's fucking stunning. 




 :) Thanks for taking this in the manner it was intended! I was a bit concerned I'd crossed the line! 














   i cut the upper part to not show her face etc, i guess you'll understand why

Is she massively ugly?

Only kidding, mate!!! Absolutely amazing pins :) 














 I'm not great with bra sizes, but I'm fairly certain they're fucking enormous. :) 




 Thanks for the video, mate. When I watched the gif it made me wonder why she made that shot in the first place. I couldn't understand how she'd managed to judge the flight of the ball so badly that she had to hit the ball behind her own back! But that clip clears it all up :) (For anyone who can't see the clip for whatever reason, the ball hits the net on the way through, significantly changing the trajectory of the ball) 




 I don't remember the quote exactly that's my favourite, but it's when Kelly and Bud are both going to bed.

Al: Kids, have I ever told you how much I love you?

Both: No Daddy.

Al:....why don't you go think about that. 









 I have such a weakness for redheads. Especially ones with faces and bodies like this!! Awesome post OP, thanks! 




 You could just say you were living up to your username ;) 




 This is one of these things I'd need to get done to me to believe it actually works (please note, this is not me saying it doesn't work). Surely to goodness you'd recognise that the person you were talking to literally seconds before has completely changed? 

One of the things that makes me think this particular clip is staged is because when the girl bends down and gets the phone, she starts turning her head while the other guy is still there. Surely she'd see him in her peripheral vision from there? 
























 Good sustained pressure since half time, really hope we turn this into a goal and relieve some of the pressure. 




 Has he been, though? I don't get the chance to watch most games, so I've no idea what he's been like. It just seems odd that our top scorer last year, and POTY, doesn't play in two of our most important games! 




 Why isn't Commons playing again? Is he carrying a knock or something? 




  Charlie Mulgrew, comic relief if you're not a Celtic fan.

My reaction to this was "WHIT??!?!?......oh"

Well played sir! 




 Is anyone doing a thread for the game? 




 [This goal](http://youtu.be/iS-EmtSLCms?t=1m30s) from Chris Sutton against Rangers. As much as anything else, it was the circumstances of the goal that made it so good. We'd played Rangers 5 times that year and won 5 of them. This game was headed for a goalless draw, then Sutton scored this beauty in stoppage time to give us 6 wins out of 6! :) 




 A BOBFOC, if ever I saw one (Body Off Baywatch, Face Off Crimewatch). 




 It'll be interesting to see how Liverpool cope with the injuries to their players, if they're out for any length of time. From what I remember from last year, they didn't have many players out for long stretches of time, with the exception of the Suarez ban at the beginning. 




 I really hope Aguero stays fit for the entire season, he's a delight to watch. 




 And that one ended up making all the difference! 




 Christ almighty. This would go down very well in /r/legs if you haven't posted there already.  




 I'll definitely take that. Playing at Celtic Park rather than Murrayfield in the next leg will be huge. 




 Maybe he wanted a more defensive-minded midfield. 




 I'm shiting myself. :( 




 Cracking save! 




 Why wasn't Commons on from the start? 




 [Looks it!](http://i2.dailyrecord.co.uk/incoming/article3685574.ece/alternates/s615/John-Collins.png) 




 I'm just being a dick. It's just because of what happened last time he played for us in Europe! 




 Like Davie Provan was saying, it's a thankless task he's got tonight. 




 Fuck sake, Ambrose is coming on. We need to score 3 goals, and quick. 




 What's happened to Izaguirre, he was POTY in 2011. 




 Out of curiosity, I just had a look at their website, and it's a strange experience. Sitting there looking at carpets, then all of a sudden "We have all the time in the World" by Louis Armstrong starts playing. Seems an odd choice. 




 I wish Craig Gordon would stop hoofin it up the fuckin pitch. Teams at this level just eat that up. 




 [Try this one, mate.](http://hdfoots.com/watch/skysports-5-live-streaming.html) 




 Johansen with a cracking goal-line cleara.......oh. 




 Perfect start! Just like last time! Let's not collapse like a flan in a cupboard this time. (Credit to Eddie Izzard for that one) 




 Coupled with the lure of playing alongside the mercurial A.Trialist, it must be a difficult offer to turn down. 




 Is the discussion just about managers handling troublesome players? Or does it extend to good man-management in general? i.e. getting the most out of players who could otherwise be quite ordinary?

I ask because I don't remember Celtic having too many troublesome players over the years, but I always felt Martin O'Neill was a brilliant man manager who always got the very best out of his players. 




 Would hugely appreciate the name, if anyone knows it! 




 Would this be classed as breaching? They just look like they're feeding to me, using their bubble netting technique. I thought breaching was when they completely launch themselves out of the water. 




 Fuck me, he's like a real-life [Hot Shot Hamish.](http://www.alternatecover.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/hotshothamish.jpg)

[For the unitiated.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hot_Shot_Hamish_and_Mighty_Mouse) 




 Thanks mate, I think that's what I'm going to be doing. Because so many of the units use vespene gas, I often find I have a huge surplus of minerals, so at those points I'm going to start spamming the cannons. I tried zealots but they just get eaten up. I can position my cannons behind my gateway blocks. Cheers! 




 Yeah I just started using Dark Templars and it's ridiculous how much easier they make it! I failed that time because I didn't make enough phoenix ships to counter the overseers, but I won't be making that mistake this time :) 




 Thanks mate, don't want to use a walkthrough just yet, I've nearly cracked it I think. Just wasn't sure if Immortals were worth the resources or if cannons were better, but I'm leaning towards cannons definitely. 




 I'm on the mission In Utter Darkness, and was just wondering how useful photon cannons are? I notice that they hit for 20 damage to land and air units, but they draw lots of aggro, and seem to die quite easily, whereas Immortals are much hardier, but only attack ground units. Am I wasting time building photon cannons or are they ok?

Please don't give me any other tips regarding the level, I'm slowly but surely working my towards getting it :)

Thanks! 




 I wasn't really thinking of any particular map, just looking for general tips. Thanks for the heads up about Team Liquid I'll have a look at their stuff. 




 [Paul Ince, tactical genius.](http://i6.photobucket.com/albums/y234/oofuss/vlcsnap-43555.png) 




 Yeah, it's odd that when someone like Redknapp says almost the exact same thing, it gets very few upvotes, but when Rodgers says it, it suddenly becomes a stunning piece of insight.

Although from comments I read in other places where the Redknapp story was printed, it seemed like people were suggesting that Redknapp himself is guilty of offering huge wages to players, although not necessarily youngsters. 




 Thanks a lot for the reply mate :) I don't really have any map in particular in mind, I'm just trying to improve my overall game to complete the campaign more effectively. I'll give the bunkers a go definitely. I've also been using actual buildings like Barracks etc. to form the funnel, but then they don't attack at the same time! I was just thinking bunkers might be a bit weak, but if I have an SCV repairing, and a wall of units behind that would help.

Thanks :) 




 Hi everyone,

I'm currently playing through the Terran campaign on Hard, and one of the things I'm trying to implement in my games is the formation of choke points leading to my base so that it funnels the enemy into a smaller point, the zerglings especially. I'm particularly looking for tips on how to create one when there's no ramp.

I was just wondering though, what's the best way to do it? My thinking was to have supply depots running into my base, forming a v-shape, and having perdition turrets, bunkers and siege tanks just behind them.

My main question is, will the enemy always run into the smallest point of the funnel, or will they just start attacking the furthest away supply depots, which would kind of defeat the whole purpose of the choke point.

Any tips on this would be greatly appreciated. 




 I would imagine it's going to be over a few cities. The article mentions Barca, Real, Chelsea and Man City competing, but that the MCG is only hosting 3 games, so they must be having some elsewhere. I'd be hugely surprised if none of them were played in Sydney.

EDIT: Just noticed it says potentially involving those teams, so obviously nothing is set in stone. But if they do get 4 teams, they'll need more than one stadium. 




 You're not alone. I literally couldn't get beyond 30 seconds, his voice was irritating me that much. 




 /r/sex_comics sometimes has this kind of thing in it. 




 /r/sex_comics is your best bet. I've seen these in there before. 




 [This is the whole story](http://g.e-hentai.org/g/596077/dfee606f0b/) 




 More colourful, certainly :D

I would have been following this but didn't see it. I was sitting on /r/ScottishFootball looking for a thread! 




 I've been keeping up to date on this match on the bet365 website, which updates the game minute by minute including stats. According to them, Rangers have had no shots on target the entire game. Is that a mistake?? 









 Just dloaded Swiftkey and it's perfect, thanks :) 




 Thanks mate, I'll look that up :) 




 Despite having had my Galaxy for ages now, I've only just started using the voice input to dictate messages, and I'm really liking it. But is there a faster way to choose voice input? At the moment, I open the message, then drag the notification bar down and select 'change input method', then select voice. Is there a single button I can press while in my message to change back and forth from voice to typing? 




 Ma is included in the link :) Bottom image. 




 Thanks so much for these links :) 




 Ah right, didn't realise, sorry. Thanks for the info :) 




 I have the upgrade for my SCVs to work together to build things faster, but I'm having a problem and was wondering if there's a way to solve it? If I select, say, 5 SCVs, then order them to build a barracks, they all scoot off to the footprint, but then only one starts building, and the other 4 just look on, so I then need to select them and get them to work on it. Is there a way to get them all working as soon as they arrive so that I can send them off and forget about them till the building is finished? I'm trying to perfect my technique of sealing off my base, and this would really help. (I don't know if this makes a difference, but I don't play multiplayer, just the campaign.)

Thanks.

EDIT: APOLOGIES!! I should have put this in the starcraft strategy sub, I completely forgot about that :( 




 Never heard that one either! Where is that used? 




 Never heard of that one before - is that found anywhere else, or is it specific to that region? I think Maw is pretty widespread. 




 Totally agree. As a Celtic fan, I'm obviously pleased we're in the next round now, but going through like this leaves a really bad taste in the mouth. We got absolutely hammered and don't deserve to be anywhere near the Champions League based on those performances, and I can't imagine what the Legia fans are feeling. 




 There is also 'Maw' in Scottish dialects. For example, if you were to exclaim to your friend that you felt his mother was somewhat promiscuous, you might say, "Here Davey, your Maw's a right wee dirty." 




 Sorry, on my mobile so can't see flair! What I meant was, what would United's midfield look like? 




 Thanks for the reply mate. If you were to get him, what would your midfield look like? 




 Despite his obvious reputation, I don't really know much about this guy. What kind of player is he, and where would he fit in at United? 




 The whole 'classy' aspect of this sub really grates on me. Half the fun of football is winding up your rivals when they fuck something up. As long as you can take as good as you give, I don't see the problem. 




 But I can get to a guy without anyone raising the alarm, but I still can't get the stealth kill :( Ah well, sounds like it's not meant to be, from what you've said. Guns blazing it is :D 




 I'm on chapter 15, and I've just come to a kind of graveyard section, and I want to try some stealth kills. But every time I go up to the first guy and try to do it, he just kind of pushes me off him, then unloads his handgun into me, as do all of his friends! Are there some enemies immune to stealth kills, or am I doing something wrong? I'm walking up behind him and pressing square. 




 Yes...yes....yes,YES.........YEEEEEEES!!! That......was a goal! 




 I can see why you added it. Andy Gray, or whoever it was that said the 'cold, Wednesday night in Stoke', obviously added the Wednesday for effect, being a rather mundane week day. The complete opposite of which would be a lovely, warm Saturday evening :)

EDIT: Spelling 




 Thanks for the reply, multijoy. Always good to see both sides of the argument. (It wasn't me that downvoted you!) 




 What you've written actually illustrates my biggest fear about routinely armed police officers - the potential for an arms race between police and criminals. If police officers are dealing with a situation where someone has a knife, they have tasers they can use to incapacitate them. If police start pulling guns on people with knives, I'm worried that the criminals will start arming themselves as well. 




 What's the current situation with season books? Are a lot of fans still holding back until they get reassurances over Ibrox and Murray Park? 




 It's already happened! Apologies for the dreadful quality.

[Luke Shaw](http://soccer.indonewyork.com/watch-luke-shaws-thats-fucking-ball-ref/) 




 Even though these goals don't look like they're stuck in the ground, as they usually are in football games, if anyone struck the post with enough force to actually move the entire frame of the goal, death would soon follow. 




 I think this is a very important thing to remember - that most of the European armies at the time, including the Germans, were made up of conscripts who had no choice but to go to war. The thought of being forced to go to war is something I can't even comprehend, nor do I ever want to! 




 Thanks for the replies everyone. I actually restarted the game before reaching the end, as I found normal difficulty far too easy, and I'll definitely be doing the missions now that I'm playing on hard - I need that research! :D

I'm enjoying it more than I did when I posted originally, I think I must have been really tired or something!

Thanks for all your replies :) 




 Love this line from a page on Great Danes: Young Great Danes can be boisterous and unless supervised, can dismay you with the magnitude of their destructiveness. 




 I've tried to watch that film a few times now, and I can never get through it. Vastly overrated IMO. 




  a weird cut away.

This is one of the main reasons I dislike cutscenes or actual gameplay that's from a sort of dreamlike point of view - I always feel like it's a cut away, no matter how it's presented, and I just never enjoy them. I have no idea what makes me feel that way, but it does!

I'll definitely play through them on my second playthrough, but for now I'll pass on them. I've already gotten 100% Zerg research which is nice :) 




 Thanks :)

I'm going to give them a miss on this run through, but I'll do them when I go through it again on hard :) 




 So I can safely skip them and not miss out on any of the main plot? 




 Please don't read this if you don't want any spoilers. I've tried 3 times to include the spoiler formatting but without success!

I was just wondering, are the prophecy missions in SC2 vital to the plot? This is the first time I've played through and I love the game, but I can't stand dream sequence type missions (in any game) so I really don't want to do them, but don't want to have gaping holes in the plot either. I know I'll miss out on some research but I'm ok with that.

Any info would be very welcome. Thanks! 




 I'm a primary school teacher, and an introvert, which is why most lunch times I'll just sit in my room and eat alone. I can't face being surrounded by loads of adults jabbering away, having just spent all morning being surrounded by loads of kids! I absolutely need that alone time. 




 I don't think there's any doubt that United will be better this year than last, but I'm dubious as to whether it's going to be enough to break back into the top 4 this year is all I'm saying. Chelsea, City and Arsenal have all strengthened as well, and will all now have had at least one season under their current managers.

And while a lot of people seem to be of the opinion that it will be between United and Liverpool for 4th, I can see Liverpool being a real force again next year. Yes, they've lost Suarez, but they seem to play with such belief, and Rodgers is slowly but surely improving the depth of the squad. 




 I'm going to say Man United. I just think they've got too much ground to make up at the moment, even though they'll have a much better manager and will continue to spend in the Summer. 




 Twitter?? You don't even need to leave the comfort of Reddit to wallow in the problems we Brits have in day to day life :D

/r/britishproblems  




 Thanks, I'd never thought about it that way. But what is it about the physiology of those muscles that allows them to continually work, while others tire? 




 :D 




 I know that not all fish need to keep moving in order to prevent suffocation, but that some fish do. For the ones who do - how are they able to swim their entire lives? I realise that fish are perfectly adapted for life in the water, and that they probably use very little energy by swimming, but surely even then their muscles must get fatigued eventually? If I was to leave my house now and walk an infinite distance, I'd get far, but at some point I'd have to stop and rest my muscles. Don't fish have this problem? 




 Sorry! I just noticed that he'd edited his original post to make it correct, thought we might as well go the whole hog! 




 Fuck it right in the face! 

While we're on the subject, wouldn't it be Henry the Eighth's? 




  It had the Anne Bol-inn.

The Anne Boleyn Alley.

[Original clip](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grL89zgUb3U)

 




 [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plhcTycP9QE) is a great youtube video about that great night :) Still gives me goosebumps :) 




 I thought the A in SAS just stood for And. 




 I went to the Arsenal vs Everton FA Cup match last year and was struck by how quiet they were. You're spot on with your assessment (for that game at least) - the fans were pretty quiet, until they went 3-1 up - then the singing began in earnest. 




 I can definitely see Liverpool winning a cup, and pushing for the league again. Germany showed in the World Cup that you don't necessarily need one player who is head and shoulders above the rest to compete. 




 Not a Liverpool fan, but for me, the fact that Liverpool will be playing a lot more games this year than they did last year is a bigger factor than losing Suarez. Didn't Man City end up playing something like 14 games more then Liverpool by the end?

Obviously this is why Rodgers is buying the way he is, for that much-needed depth. If the new signings (including those still to come) click and adapt to the PL, I don't see why Liverpool wouldn't be contenders again.

 




   He was a bad diver in his day but the media only focused on Drogba and Ronaldo.

There are many reasons why I can't stand Steven Gerrard, but the diving issue is number one for me. It's not so much that he dives per se, as unfortunately a lot of players do now. It's the fact that he had the absolute brass neck to spout all this hypocritical, sanctimonious bollocks in his autobiography and newspaper interviews about how diving was ruining the game, and that if he caught his team mates diving he'd 'have a word' etc. Fucking holier than thou arsehole.

I wouldn't actually mind if Liverpool won the league in the near future, they have a lot of likeable players, like Sturridge and Sterling. But I'm desperate for it not to happen while Gerrard is still around. I want him to retire before he gets his hands anywhere near that Premiership trophy. 




 Ok cheers, don't think it's the game for me then. I prefer longer gameplay with fewer cut scenes. I just feel it ruins the flow 




 God, really? :( I'll play for another hour or so, but if it keeps up like this I'm throwing in the towel - I just can't enjoy it no matter how much I try! 




 That's what I was hoping - that the cutscenes are mainly at the start of the game, to set the scene etc. 




 I've just got my hands on FF XIII, but at the moment I just can't enjoy it, and it's down to one thing only - the ridiculously frequent cutscenes. Is the whole game like this???

I know the whole game is basically a corridor thing, which I don't mind, and I'm enjoying the new battle system. But having a cutscene after literally every 2 fights or something is really breaking up the rhythm of the game, and completely ruining my enjoyment of it (I'm about an hour into the game so far).

Should I just cut my losses on this? If it's going to stay this way all game, I'm chucking it on Ebay tomorrow! Or do the cutscenes get less frequent the longer you play? 




 I was at a zoo once that had a bird of prey show, and they had a magpie as part of it. One of the things they taught the magpie to do was to pick up a piece of rubbish and put it in the bin. The handler said it only took them twenty minutes to train the magpie to do it! 




 So is an assist a key pass that's resulted in a goal then? 




 Genuine question - what's the difference between an assist and a key pass? 




 Andy Townsend must be loving this transfer. For once he gets to see just how well a new signing plays on a cold Wednesday night in Stoke. 




 FFS :( :(

Thanks for the info mate :) 




 I'm a wee bit confused. I remember reading Deila's comments about qualifying, and I thought he mentioned playing 3 rounds, but if we go through tonight, then beat whoever we get next, isn't that us in the group stages? Or is there another round after the next?? 




 The best bit was that the burglar then tried to [press charges](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/2748887.stm) of assault on Ferguson for kicking the shit out of him. Thankfully, this was thrown away by the police/courts. 




 Nice! Which team did you do it with? And what's the pentagon? Do you mean 5 trophies in one year? 




 It only took you 4 years to win the Champions League with a Danish team?? That's incredible, well done :) You also happened to win the Champions League with my favourite English team, so thanks for that :D 




 I'm absolutely terrible at FM, and I'm always amazed when people take teams from the lower leagues to the top league in that country, then on to Champions League glory. But I was just wondering if anyone has won the Champions League with a team from one of the more unfashionable leagues (no offence intended).

The reason I ask is that, if you get a team from the lower leagues into the upper tier in a country like England, Germany or Spain, you then reap the riches from those leagues. But if you're constantly playing in the Finnish league for example, holding on to your best players is infinitely more difficult I would have thought.

Would love to hear about your successes (screenshots would be great too :) ) 




 Do you say the blame is with HMRC because their tax demand meant people didn't want to buy Rangers? And did Murray sell the club just because he wanted to, or was there another reason? 

I really appreciate the in-depth answers guys. 




 Thanks for taking the time to write that mate, very much appreciated :)

So is the blame for administration laid squarely at the feet of Whyte? I've seen some people having a go at David Murray, but again, I don't know why! 




  Look how stacked Chelsea looked last year? and they did fuck all. They easily should have fought for the league against man city.

And they did. They were contenders right up until the last week, and only missed out by 4 points. Their style of play might not have been too easy on the eye, but the challenge was there regardless. 




 Yeah, I think that's what made me think he was still a bit of a liability - those moments where he made a really bad decision. But I suppose that's the kind of thing that gets in the papers, not the normal stuff of actually being a good keeper! Reminds me of when De Gea started for United and was getting ripped apart by the press for his shaky start, but now you never hear about him. 




 Wow, didn't realise Szczesny was so highly rated these days. I don't follow United, but I'm well aware of De Gea's quality! 




 Good good :)

The ridiculous thing is that I only worry about their defence because, to me, they don't have what I would consider household name defenders (with the exception of Mertesacker probably). But I suppose that means nothing if they're doing the business! 




 While not an Arsenal fan, I do want them to do well in the league, and I'm well aware of their quality when it comes to attacking, but how would Arsenal fans rate their defenders and keeper (assuming they get Debuchy). How well do they compare with the other top teams in the league? Would you be happy starting the season with what you have, or would you like to see some signings in those areas? 




 So I shouldn't miss out on any of the challenges as I play the game? 




 If I play through the game and don't skip any of the missions given to me by the various characters, will that open up all the challenge missions, so that I can get my Legend of the West coat? I know I could check wiki to see how to open the challenges but I'd rather find out organically if possible. 




 Did Rangers go into administration then liquidation for matters that had nothing to do with the EBTs, or was there some link between them?

I've been trying to follow this whole saga, but over time I have become completely and utterly confused about what happened then (and what's happening now!) :-/ 




 Managers can definitely be sent off, but I'm not sure whether they are actually shown any kind of card, or just told to go to the stands. 




 I know this is going to be completely unhelpful, but I remember a montage of Lennox Lewis years ago that made my hairs stand up, and it was also my introduction to Hans Zimmer's work (which was what made the montage so good). It's been one of my favourite pieces ever since.

The music they played over that one was [Journey To The Line](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnooGOhLIdM) from the film The Thin Red Line. 




 I think he means you'd have to replace the goalkeeper with an outfield player if the goalkeeper was sent off. 




 Will I be able to watch this on IPlayer in London? 




 Thanks for that :) 




 After watching last night's penalty shootout, I started to wonder if it's possible for someone to get sent off during it, and what would happen if they did. especially if it was the goalkeeper?

I don't mean the stuff last night was worthy of a red card, but what if the player lost their head and punched the keeper? Would you lose that penalty, or would someone else take it?

And what if the keeper somehow managed to get sent off? Would they let the other keeper go in goals, or would they have to use one of the players, just as they would during the game (if they'd used all their subs).

I realise the chances of this happening are slim to none, but it's been going round my head so wondered if anyone knew for definite. 




 Ah, it's some post processing magic. Thanks :) 




 What makes it so stable? When you're in a plane, even on a smooth ride, you can feel the little bumps etc. but this is completely smooth the whole time. 




 That's a very good point as well, hadn't thought about it like that. I'd imagine that the likes of Sturridge rely much more on service from other players than the likes of Suarez, Ronaldo etc. 




 A team with Sterling and Sturridge are unlikely to be completely toothless, but it will be interesting to see how well they get on next year. 




 You'd rate Baros? I know he won the Champions League with you, but wasn't he a bit of a dud overall? 




 Exactly. Just seeing his name in the team, like Messi or Ronaldo, is probably enough to unsettle some players, whereas the likes of Sturridge or Sterling, while still great players, just don't have that.

Conversely, seeing his name on the teamsheet must have been such a lift for the Liverpool players as well. I wonder if him leaving will have any kind of impact there.

Mind you, they did alright without him at the start of last season if I remember rightly. 




 Being patriotic and having pride isn't what got you downvoted, its the fact that you're being so precious about something that's nothing more than a bit of light-hearted banter. I honestly can't understand how anyone would read that banner and think it was meant to be taken seriously. 




 I'm not a Liverpool fan, but I think one of the things Liverpool will miss most when Suarez moves on is the fear factor he carries with him, like Torres did in his day. When Suarez is playing, you just know he's going to cause absolute havoc more or less the entire game, and more often than not pops up with at least one goal. 

With him gone, I'd be much less fearful of Liverpool. Don't get me wrong, they're still a fantastic team with brilliant players, and I would expect them to be up there challenging again, but I just think they're going to lose a bit of their aura this year without Suarez, and they wouldn't really have anyone to truly fear anymore. 




 And more importantly, surely the EU wouldn't allow it? Something like that would restrict his right to work in England, which would be illegal under EU law. 




 ["I'm gonna get your maaaaask! I'm gonna get your maaaaaaaask! Haha, don't worry buddy, I'm just fuckin with ya" *pats on head*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgfmvXFWsTs) 




 I don't know if this is just a Glaswegian thing or not, but almost everyone I know (including myself) say Edin-bruh. 

I'm not suggesting that's the correct way of saying it obviously, just pointing out a wee difference in dialect :) 




 Reminds me of this brilliant clip, featuring the legendary [Jimmy Bullard](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_2wTLtHlRE) :D 




 Haha I sometimes emphasise the t's for even more power :D 




 Manky is a great wee word. Although I think 'grotty' is even better. That rolled r at the start gives it so much power! :D 




 Aaaah, the English Riviera! So many great childhood holiday memories :) 




 This is the main reason I used to get so worked up when I did my first meditations. Thoughts were literally popping into my head every 5 seconds or so, and I was getting frustrated that I couldn't 'think about nothing'. 

But then I read a really good book about it all, that said thinking about nothing isn't what you're aiming for, because that's almost impossible to do, seeing as it's one of your brain's main functions. All you're doing is recognising thoughts for what they are as they pass into your mind, and just letting them go. It was definitely a big step in improving my meditations. 




 I'm not sure how you time your meditations, but I found that timing myself from zero and going upwards helped me immensely. It sounds daft, but if I was to set myself a target of 20 minutes I'd often lose motivation to do it, thinking I'd never get there.

So instead, I started the stopwatch at zero, and just told myself to meditate for however long I felt comfortable - no targets. Within a week I found I was reaching 15 - 20 minutes easily, so it could be worth a try. 




 That's Kelly Brook, and sadly, also a [morph](http://www.bapwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/jeans-white-top.jpg) :( 




 Games can end in a draw in the group stages, but we're now in the knockout stages, so there can be no draws from this point onwards. If the game is a draw after 90 minutes, they play 30 minutes more to see if anyone can score, and if not, they go to a penalty shootout, which is best of 5. If there's no winner after 5 penalties, they keep taking them until there's a winner. 




 The BBC commentator has just said that USA have travelled over 10,000 miles so far in this World Cup, whereas Belgium have travelled roughly 2,000 miles. Speaking as a UK resident, both those numbers absolutely boggle my mind.

EDIT: Grammar 




 Or a pokemon. 




 Thank you :) 




 I'm not on Twitter - is there a tweet before or after this where he actually apologises? This seems to be an admission of guilt, but that's about it. 




 I'm pretty sure the comment of 'I believe we will get the ball at some stage' was also said by commentator 1 (Guy Mowbray). So it went like this:

Commentator 1 (Mowbray): USA fans chanting 'I believe that we will win', it has become their battlecry.

Commentator 2 (Mark Lawrenson): Must have been up all night thinking of that one.

Commentator 1 (Mowbray): Should probably change it to 'I believe we will get the ball at some stage'.

Either way, it's a quality bit of dry humour :) 




 I just started a thread about that very subject! Come join the fun :)

http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/2901gz/should_some_actions_on_the_field_court_etc_be/ 




 God, that's brutal :-/ 




 Yeah sorry, I got a bit muddled in my posting. I was going to just talk about football, but realised that you get incidents like this in other sports, so added that for clarification. 

But then I only posted it in r/soccer. :-/ 




 That's what I mentioned in my original post, it's hard to tell sometimes when a tackle is just badly timed, or if it's truly malicious, so I can understand those being let go.

What I don't understand is players getting away with off-the-ball incidents that aren't part of the play, but that would constitute a criminal offence outside the match. 




 Yeah it's definitely a tricky one to answer. I just find it odd that things like head-butting, biting, punching, kicking etc. are overlooked by the police, when they all constitute assault. Just because it happens on a pitch shouldn't make them exempt from the law. Another example I can think of is when Alan Shearer [kicked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPp0teYYi70feature=kp) Neil Lennon full in the face during a game, and nothing happened. 




 I made reference to that in my post :) 




 Thanks for that link mate, wasn't aware of this incident. 




 I was just wondering what people's thoughts are on this. I've often wondered in the past why people who play sports seem to get away with doing things on the field (or whatever they play on), that would get them arrested if they were to do it in the street. I know that the players often receive fines and bans from their respective ruling organistaions, but is it always enough?

In some cases it's obviously difficult to tell whether there was malicious intent - for example, a really badly timed tackle. But there are other times where it's much more clear cut that someone has overstepped the mark to the point where it could be considered a criminal offence i.e. punching, kicking, biting etc.  An incident I remember well was when Duncan Ferguson was jailed for 3 months for [this] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOk8mZhX0Jk) head butt, after the police on duty at the match charged him for it.

Do you think it's something that should happen? Or should incidents like that be dealt with by the respective organisations, and left at that?

Obviously, I've started this thread in light of the Suarez incident today, but I don't mean this as a witch hunt against him, I do mean this in a general way.

 




 It's why I stopped going. 




 The post office I used to go to in Leeds had a ticketed number system. 




 I think it just goes to show that a lot of what someone finds creepy is at least partly to do with the unknown. I personally don't find this picture even slightly creepy, but it might be because there are lots of little villages where I live (England) that have churches very similar to this, so it's not that unusual to see. 

In fact, my friend got married in one that looks almost identical. 




 I was thinking of starting a cinema meetup, but my organisational skills are awful, so I'm glad someone else has started one :D

Definitely keen :) 




 Thanks, I found a similar one on Amazon.co.uk. Still unsure as to whether or not it'll work for a PS3. Some of the comments suggest it does, others suggest it doesn't. But it's only a fiver, might as well give it a go! 




 Nope, none. I think it can be done, it's just a very expensive process. Having a cable isn't enough, you need an actual converter to turn the digital HDMI/DVI signal into an analog VGA signal (I think!). I'm just struggling to find the required component! 




 Hi guys,

I recently bought a PS3, and my plan is to use it through my PC monitor, as I have no television. I know nothing about all the different ports etc. that you get, but after doing some digging, I've found out that my monitor only has a VGA connection, and the HDMI cable I have for the PS3 is a HDMI-DVI one.

From the further reading I did, it seems that I need an actual converter that will turn my DVI signal into a VGA one. But I'm having trouble finding the required converter. I know they aren't cheap, but if someone could point me in the right direction of one, I'd be very grateful. Then I can make the decision on whether or not to get one.

I am going to upgrade my monitor at some point, but I want a 27 inch screen, so I need to save up a bit more. This would tide me over till then.

(The reason I mentioned that I'm in the UK is incase people were going to link to products).

Thanks so much. 




 I had a right old chortle at this tweet shown on the BBC website:

*With Fred and Bernard on the pitch, Brazil are now just a Pat, Don and Len away from recreating the famous 1954 Cleckheaton cloth cap pigeon fanciers, West Yorkshire 5-a-side champions.* 




 Exactly. Their silence is speaking volumes in this case. 




 I don't like that he's said that after the result of the ruling the 'matter will be closed'. Surely if the voting is found to be corrupt, the matter should be anything BUT closed, and the whole vote should be carried out again.

Sounds like he's already made his mind up as to the outcome of this. Unless I'm reading too much into what he said. 




 [The full clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTG-HP9eT4w)

Not great quality though, sorry 




 This would be a great signing. Would certainly help to quell my fears about big Fraser leaving, if that were to happen. 




 Celtic released Shay Given after spending 3 years in the youth team. 




 Absolutely. Watching gifs/vids where the guy's cock is essentially just going in and out of a woman's mouth does nothing for me. But as soon as the woman starts to do this and actually suck on it, especially on the tip, that all changes! :) 




 Reminds me of [Ben Folds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-l-c3rTlnE) doing a kind of lounge version of Bitches Ain't Shit :) 




 I can't tell if this is serious or not! But just in case it is, there's no 'probably killed' in this instance. Estimates are that about 1,000 workers have already died building the stadiums, and that number could rise to 4,000 by the time the WC rolls around. 




 Christ, his through balls are weighted fucking perfectly. 









 [Here is Wikipedia's take on the rumours](http://i.imgur.com/exdmi46.jpg)
 




 Apologies if this has been posted already but did a search and couldnt find it. A friend sent me this link of a funny wee song about England's flight to Brazil :) 1m 18s is the highlight for me :D 









 Good idea :)

[This](http://i.imgur.com/lHXjimx.jpg) is a map showing a 100 mile radius from (top to bottom) Newcastle, Manchester, Norwich, London and Southampton. If you include Swansea, it looks like [this](http://i.imgur.com/9jjbC4D.jpg).

So it does appear that the only region that isn't within 100 miles of an English team playing in the Premier League is the SW. Although this is of course as the crow flies. Travelling from the SW of England to Swansea would require you drive around, making it a much bigger distance. Unless there are any ferries that travel across to Wales from the SW, I have no idea! 




 Whether or not you think this sanctimonious ballsack of a man is actually visually impaired depends on whether or not you believe his reasoning for wearing sunglasses all the time, which he explained in a Rolling Stone interview.

*[I have] very sensitive eyes to light. If somebody takes my photograph, I will see the flash for the rest of the day. My right eye swells up. I've a blockage there, so that my eyes go red a lot. So it's part vanity, it's part privacy and part sensitivity* 




 Almost, but not quite! I used [this](http://www.freemaptools.com/radius-around-point.htm) tool online, and put a 100 mile radius around some of the major cities where premier league clubs play around the country (Newcastle, Manchester, Birmingham, Norwich, London, Southampton) and it did more or less cover the whole country, with the exception of the South West. Putting a 100 mile radius around Swansea does cover a lot of that region, but obviously Swansea is in Wales, not England.

I tried to save the completed map and post it here but it wouldn't let me :( 




 Shit! Did you see that?! 
























 He got injured in training - a calf strain I think. Out for another 2-4 weeks apparently. 




 Is this just a random pic? Or is she a known model? If anyone can ID her I'd be very grateful, she's sexy as fuck! 




 The bit that really impressed me was the second pass from Fabregas. I could be wrong, but it looks to me like he wasn't expecting the return pass from the first player (don't know who it is), and even if he was, the pass looked like it was hit back at him way too hard, but he still managed to thread the ball straight to the feet of the guy on the edge of the box with the outside of his foot! 




 Malene Espensen. 




 So did Mercedes just have engineers who were better at dealing with the changes? 




 While I do follow F1, I've never been so into it that I know all the technicalities of it, and was wondering if someone could explain something to me. In the years that Vettel was winning the WDC, Red Bull were almost untouchable, but now that's what's happening for Mercedes, while Red Bull are competing with the likes of Williams etc.

What is it that allows one team to improve so much from one season to the next, as Mercedes have done, or as Red Bull did when they dominated? I don't understand where this massive disparity comes from.

Thanks! 




 Can anyone explain what's happening in that video? That's incredible, never seen anything like it! 




 Kind of, although it's not a jumping around celebration. He crosses the line and kisses the ball while standing, and as he turns around, presumably about to ground the ball, he gets absolutely walloped and drops it. 




 Nope, you have to be touching the ball while it's on the ground to count. 




 I wouldn't say it's entirely because of that. Georgia are undoubtedly shite, but since Strachan was appointed we've been playing some great stuff IMO. 




 I love what Strachan has done with this team. Absolutely love watching them play these days. 




 Did he even need the touch there?? No idea why he didn't just smash it first time! 




 And they're 3-0 up already! :( 




 YYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS!!! Wee bit jammy with the deflection, but we're good value for the lead! 

Hope we push on now, I get the feeling goal difference could be really important in this group, especially with the Rep. of Ireland score at the moment! 




 Amazing! Thank you! :) 




 [This is the trailer](https://www.blacked.com/beautiful-blonde-loves-massaging-bbc-) for the scene from the website, which is fucking hot as well.

Really want to see this full scene! 




 What she said echoes my own feelings on this. I went cage diving with great whites in South Australia, expecting it to be a terrifying adrenaline rush, but it was nothing of the sort. When you're in the water with them you do see that they are nothing like they're portrayed in the media. Graceful is the exact word I use to describe them to other people. The only reason people get pictures like this is because they pull the bait away from the shark as they get near it making them do the big CHOMP CHOMP thing.  




 Sutil crashed out at one of the corners, then Bianchi crashed into the same corner while it was being cleaned up. Bianchi's now been taken to the medical centre, and could be seriously injured. 




 With regards to Sutil, this has just come up on the BBC feed:

Sauber say when Adrian Sutil crashed they asked him if he was OK and he said "yes", according to BBC F1 pit-lane reporter Tom Clarkson. 




 The BBC feed was talking about Sutil, but mentioned nothing about Bianchi, but now saying that he's in the medical centre. Bizarre that they wouldn't even mention the fact that Bianchi also crashed. (Unless I just missed it.) 




 "Knocked over the corner flag today and said sorry to it. Then I realised it was a corner flag, so it can't hear me. It was really funny." 




 Fuck! Then my internet has decided to be shit again :( 




 Is streamsp stuttering really badly for anyone else? 




 Things like this are why it baffles me that there is no video replay usage at all in football. It was definitely a foul, so the match would have been stopped anyway. All it would have taken is a quick look on a replay to see it was outside the box. 




 Although her body is definitely bimbo material, I don't know if her brain is! Luisa was one of the contestants on the UK version of The Apprentice not long ago, so she certainly has brains as well as the body! 

[This is a nice video of her.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbAcrLnoAbY) 




 Ah right. I didn't actually see the freekick foul, was that a dive as well? 




 Freedom of Banbury and an honourary degree from the University of Dundee. Take it or leave it. 




 It wasn't the foul for the free kick he was talking about. Balotelli was going for a ball with Jagielka, Jagielka barely touched his face, if at all, and Balotelli just flopped to the floor holding his face. It was fucking pathetic. 




 "Ah, but do you have the freedom of any cities?".

It's all becoming clear now!! 




 Haha I have no idea either! I'm similarly bemused by honourary degrees. What is the point in those things? 




 http://streamsp.com/ 




 Yup! Glasgow was the first place in the World to give Nelson Mandela freedom of the city, which they did 9 years before he was released from prison. To send a message to the apartheid regime, they renamed St. George's Place to Nelson Mandela Place, and it became the location of the South African consulate.

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-22976781

Pretty interesting read. 




 [Nelson Mandela Place] (https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@55.8619324,-4.2535597,3a,75y,286.3h,94.32t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s3USsajJK3InKeO5ET4N8iA!2e0) in Glasgow is quite nice :) 




 It's Alia Janine - who I happen to think is the best tit fucker out there :)

[I think this is the source](http://www.youporn.com/watch/8491376/alia-janine-handjob-and-titfuck/). It's not great quality I'm afraid, sorry. 




 Poor shirt, didn't stand a chance.

This is Leanne Crow, incase anyone's wondering. Although I imagine she's pretty well known on this sub by now!! 




 I think this is the reason I don't feel primarily British. Because England is by far the biggest country in Britain, a lot of people say British, when they mean English (especially people who don't live here).

Despite sharing a border, I actually think Scotland and England are two very different places. So quite often when people talk about British culture, or British identity, when they actually mean English, I just don't relate to any of it, so I don't have that connection.

Another thing is that the mainstream British media is heavily anglo-centric, again due to the population etc. and it's hard to feel like you're part of Britain when the overwhelming majority of stories etc. are centred around England. 




 I don't know the rules myself, but personally speaking, it is a bit of a disappointment when you load a gif with a title of 'piledriver from the edge of the box', thinking it's going to be a stunning goal, and it turns out to be 'decent hit from well inside the box'.

Sensationalizing a title makes it look like you just want karma IMO.

Although I do appreciate the upload, don't get me wrong :) 




 This is the first I've seen it, and my jaw literally just dropped - not so much at the penalty decision (although I'm not suggesting it was one), but the fact that Vardy got away with what looked to me to be a blatant shove. Awful refereeing. 




 I read a really interesting comment about why the media still have this love-in for Liverpool, and it was saying that it's because a lot of the mainstream media is made up of people in their late 30s - 40s who remember Liverpool's glory days in the 80s, so still treat them with reverence, even though they've hardly been relevant in the title race since the Premier League began (with a few exceptions of course, like last year). 




 Is there any official stats anywhere to back that up? That's an incredible stat if true! 




 That's a great gif - do you know the context? Or was that from last night? 




 I have to say, I'm the complete opposite, and the results of this survey have actually been a bit of an eye opener for me.

If anyone ever asks me what nationality I am, I will always say Scottish. If they then ask if that makes me British, I'd answer yes. But I would never even think to answer British in the first instance, and I assumed that most people would be the same i.e. they would say English or Welsh before British, but seemingly not!

So while I certainly consider myself British, I'm definitely in the "Scottish first, British second" camp.

And yet, my username contains UK! I'm a walking hypocrite.

EDIT: changed some words. 




 Is it really quiet at Upton Park, or is it just the stream I'm watching making it seem that way? 




 Wow!! I salute your work, good sir! 




 Jesus christ. I don't think I can express in words just how happy I'd be if you could remember that name! 




 I fucking love how thick she is. What a ride that would be! 




 Are they real?? As in, no photoshoppery? If not, they are some of the finest tits I've ever fucking seen.

EDIT: Changed a word. 




 Thanks mate, much appreciated :) 




 Depends on the city. Edinburgh is pretty much a nailed on no and you would expect Glasgow to be yes but I'm not sure about the other cities.  




 Christ, I have such a weakness for redheads. Can anyone tell me the name of this stunner? 




 You'd probably be better off saying good result, rather than good performance. Liverpool were extremely poor, but they got the result they were after. 









 Not that I'm aware of :( 




 [Nadine Jensen](http://i.imgur.com/Wr1vIi8.jpg) (same set, but not the same pic, sorry. 




 No, no the one to Mata for the goal. Sorry, I edited it to put that bit in! 




 I realise this might be going against popular opinion on here, but I have to agree with the commentators - I think that was a scuffed shot rather than a pass from Di Maria for the 4th goal. 

But regardless, he's been absolutely out of this world today. Clear man of the match. 




 Couple more

http://i.imgur.com/4hvtjY5.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/gxj1kke.jpg 









 This was the semi final of the Champions League in 2007-2008. Chelsea and Liverpool had drawn the first leg 1-1, and the second leg had finished 1-1 after full time, so extra time was being played. The penalty put Chelsea ahead 2-1, and they went on to win that game overall, 3-2.

The added significance of the penalty is that Frank Lampard was taking it, and his mother had died in the week leading up to the game, so there was a huge emotional aspect to it as well. 




 A gorgeous, tall, naturally busty brunette who can deep throat a cock like that as if was the easiest thing in the world. Think I've found a new favourite! Thanks OP! :D 




 [With this picture,](http://i1265.photobucket.com/albums/jj503/anchorman78/sky-sports_t_gary-neville-retiring-sky-sports-11.jpg) rather than Torres. 




 [Nice wee vid of the Frank Lampard penalty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAfiVZH6Yio) 




 Here's hoping it's not a false dawn! :) 




 I'm thrilled that Villa are doing so well at the moment - I fucking love Paul Lambert after everything he did while playing for us. Really want to see him succeed at the highest level. 




 There was a really good piece by Pat Nevin last year about Liverpool and how they needed to learn to be more patient when they needed goals, and just keep passing the ball, rather than panic and hoof it up to Suarez in the hope he could conjure something up (which he often did of course).

He compared it to City's approach, where they were still passing the ball around in the last few minutes of the game against QPR that they needed to win the league the previous year, and of course, Aguero popped up and stuck it away. 




 I would imagine Diego Costa will get something similar. Although he seems to be taking it all in his stride, and more, so far! 




 Thanks. 




 How many fouls does a player have to commit to be booked for persistent fouling? Is there a set number, or is it at the ref's discretion? 




 Fuck, that first gif is amazing. My ex was a pretty big girl, and I absolutely loved it when we fucked like this. I just love feeling the weight of a woman on you while they absolutely fuck you silly!! Great times! 




 She's posted on here herself a few times if /u/missjennicalynn is genuine. 




 Indeed! I wish she'd managed to get more exposure, but things seem to have kind of died away for her :( 




  Germany weren't anywhere near their most incisive so I guess it wasn't a real test just yet

That's the scary part. It WAS a real test, despite Germany not being in top gear!

But if we play like we did in the second half for the rest of the qualifying campaign I'd certainly rate our chances against the other teams :) 




 Yeah, I was just being melodramatic, we SHOULD be alright against Gibraltar, but I'm taking nothing for granted!

But we really need our defence to start stepping up if we want to get through the group as a whole. 




 If only I could! 

Give the World champions a genuine scare on their own turf, then get pumped at home the very next week by a team ranked millions of places below us. Tis the Scottish way. :(  




 Brilliant, thanks :) 




 Stirling? Near Sterling, near Tillicoultry, near Stirling? 




 Ah, cheers for the info. That's shite for him :( 




 I'm not being a dick when I say this, I genuinely don't know - has he just come back from a long injury lay-off or something? 




 Manuel who???? 




 A tin of beans would be better than Mulgrew. 




 [You're cured!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnVjkE87FDY) 




 If we can get a freekick around the area, wee Shaun might do the business. 




  they'll probably tear down Dewar's statue and replace it with one of him.

.. and adorn it with the ultimate sign of Scottish respect - a traffic cone. 




 Losing to the current World Champions by only 1 goal (as it stands) on their home turf is certainly something to be proud about for a wee nation like ours. If we can consistently play like we have in this second half, we'll give ourselves a pretty good chance of qualifying I'd say. 




 Is this Craig Levein?? Didn't have you down as a redditor :P

I can see the temptation to batten down the hatches, but I say we fuckin go for it! :D 




 Hahaha love the subliminal work there!!! 




 YAAAAAAAS YA FUCKIN BEAUTYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! Come on Scotland!!! 




 I knew it was written by Germans, which wouldn't be a problem in my eyes, I'd still have it as our anthem :) 




 Yeah version 2 is quality. I'd also like that because, while I love FoS, if we got independence I think it would be great to have an anthem that is about us looking to the future and moving forward, rather than looking back. 




 Love Highland Cathedral, rousing as fuck. Does it have any lyrics to it at the moment, or would somebody have to write some? 




 Unfortunately, friendlies do count in the UFWC, so Argentina are the current holders. :(

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unofficial_Football_World_Championships 




 My five a side team has a stronger back line than Brazil.  




 It's so weird - seeing women in bikinis on their own doesn't really do much for me to be honest, but add a pair of heels, and it becomes one of the hottest looks I can think of!! Amazing pic :) 




 Ah, managed to dload Cheat Engine, but even with the tutorial, I haven't got a clue what I'm doing! :( 




 I've only just started playing Dark Souls for the first time, but I'm really not enjoying it at the moment, because the FOV is far too close to the main character for my eyes, and I'd like to make it further away.

I've read about something called the Cheat Engine which I can use, but I don't know where to get it, or what to do with it - all I could find was a forum about it, but couldn't see any downloads. If anyone could help me with this I'd be extremely grateful.

I did use the search function on here, but nothing came up, which is why I'm posting - apologies if this has come up before under a different title. 




  Personally I'm gutted that we had a chance to start fresh because we had loads of decent players coming through from the youth academy, and wasted it. But Ally didn't seem to trust any of them and they've scattered to the four winds of obscure no-mark teams because that's where they're guaranteed a game.

Exactly. Rangers had a chance to create a team from the ground up, with loads of youth players, but instead they signed much older players like Jon Daly etc.

They seemed to have an air of desperation to to get back into the SPL at the first time of asking (through the respective divisions), but obviously didn't have enough faith in their younger players to do that, so signed more experienced ones, but at huge cost.

Would an administration flush out Wallace etc.? Or does it have to be a liquidation for that to happen? 




  And seriously, very few in Sweden can name any players in Celtic. Because they're so mediocre.

If you're going to use the argument that Celtic are mediocre because very few people in your country could name any of our players, then I'm afraid the exact same has to be said of Malmo. How many people in Scotland do you think can name any of the Malmo first team without looking it up on Wikipedia?

I actually agree that the Swedish league is stronger than the Scottish league at the moment, but the fact of the matter is that, in European terms, we're both pretty mediocre, and don't exactly set Europe alight these days, so I doubt many people outside our own countries will know any of our teams players. 




  spending big on wages

It's the massive wage bill at Rangers that really struck me, when you consider they had to get through 3 divisions before getting back in the top league - were the board assuming that season ticket sales each year would have been enough to cover it till then? 




 And may we soon unearth the next Lubo, to be seated at his right hand. 




 I have a question about the shockwave, if anyone can answer it. I don't understand how it doesn't seem to affect the water, but hits the boat with such force. I would have expected some kind of ripple effect to be visible on the surface of the water as it gets agitated (even though it's already moving around), and then hear the sound as it reaches the boat. So, how did that happen, please? 

I know very little about sound/shock wave moment, so realise there may be an obvious answer to this and I'm just not aware of it! 




  It is a long journey but we need somebody to step up to the plate and join us by meeting our standard.

Who would be the most capable of that at the moment, do you think? Aberdeen probably? 




  Hey hey, you still have more titles.

That very much depends on who you ask about it!

(Although, please don't ask me about it, I really haven't got a clue about much of the Rangers situation). 




 Again, this is just my personal viewpoint, but I find being a Celtic fan so frustrating at the moment because of the fixation on European football. Don't get me wrong, I love being involved in the Champions League, but to me, it's not the be-all and end-all. Our team has clearly gotten worse over the past few years, but I'd happily sacrifice Champions League football, if it meant a more competitive league came of it. With Champions League football, we get a minimum of 3 cracking nights at Celtic Park, and very occasionally 4. If the gap in the league closes, as you've spoken about in your post, the league could be on it's way back to the days of the 80s, when teams like Aberdeen and Hearts regularly challenged for the title, something which I'd love to see. I don't mind if we win the league year on year, but only if we don't stroll to it, where's the excitement in that? 




 Well, I can't speak for all Celtic fans of course, but I'm not going to lie - I'm still enjoying it to be honest, for no other reason than they're our biggest rivals, and it's always fun to watch your rivals struggle (see the current Liverpool - Manchester United situation). I realise this is the antithesis of being 'classy' - something which doesn't go down too well in this sub it seems, but there you have it - I just see it as part of the rivalry. Rangers fans were giving us absolute pelters after we got shat on in 2 rounds of Champions League qualifying, and when we nearly went to the wall ourselves in 1994, and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's all just give and take IMO.

Yes, it's absolutely shite for their fans, who just want to go and support their team, but have a board full of fuckwits who only seem to be in it to make a quick buck, but like I said, I'm not going to pretend otherwise just because I'm on Reddit! 




 Is there any indication as to how much Ibrox could have possibly raised by selling the naming rights? Despite the name and reputation of Rangers, how much can a team from the Scottish Championship (or whatever division they were in when Ashley bought them) realistically get (or have gotten)?

I'm not being hypothetical here, I'm genuinely wondering if there's any indications.

(And yes, I do realise whatever amount they'd get would be better than a quid, I'm just asking out of curiosity's sake!) 




 "Wooooooof!"

*Archie MacPherson* 




  Subject to change when Rangers are back in the top league I'd wager.

The way things are going at the moment, there's no guarantee that's going to happen in the near future. This current Rangers side are still in deep financial trouble, which could potentially see them go into administration again, and perhaps even another liquidation. 




 I personally don't find it attractive at all when someone with big tits swings them so they're bouncing really hard from side to side. 

But suggestive little jiggles like this are so fucking hot! Love the recoil back to their original shape at the end as well. 




 Ah, I should have said, I also used marines! Siege tanks to stop the zerg waves, marines to stop Kerrigan. That was enough to complete it on hard, but didn't get the achievements. The most fun thing about that mission for me though, was the fact that I had the hive mind emulator and built loads of them. Any time a brutalisk came near (are they the really big ones, I can't even remember!) I controlled it, killed the smaller zerg with it, then sent it straight up the ramp to the artifact. By the time the end came, where the worms pop up right beside the artifact, I had ten of the bastards, fully healed, just waiting for them :D It was great!

Once I'd completed it, I did it again, with more measured numbers of marines, rather than just pumping them out, along with a small banshee force. That was enough to get rid of the worms outside the base, and I comfortably got the achievements :) 




 If you search on youtube there's quite a few - she's a singer these days. Albeit a shit one. 




 Haha yeah that's why I love them so much :D

I think she's naturally this big because she seems to have a naturally thicker shape - she's not pencil thin by any means. She's just got curves in all the right places obviously! :D 




 I don't think OP was questioning the call on the pitch, just the use of the word "offsides". The term used in football (in the UK at least) is just "offside", with no 's' on the end.
 




 I managed to win the last mission in the end, but no by building bunkers tbh, just massing siege tanks and blowing the ever living shit out the zerg that way! I'll definitely use the bunker tactic if I play through the campaign again though :) 




 [Longer clip here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOMdKnsJEio) 









 Thanks mate, was just a bit surprised to see this was Costa's first appearance in the TOTW. 




 Christ, I knew her tits were big, but I didn't realise they were THAT fucking big! 




 Why is there a number 2 beside a few of the players? Is that how many times they've made TOTW? 




 Hahah definitely over-thinking, but it gave me a chuckle! 




 Ah, thanks mate. Who else could you play on the wing? I just can't believe he doesn't play one of the best No.10s in the world, in the No.10 position! 




  The op has explained this too.

 OP - Big Oscars really, of course a lot of genre movies are still going to get nominations for VFX and sound design.

My reply to your 'Alien' comment came before the explanation. In fact, it was your reply that led me to ask for clarification in the thread, the reply to which you've now quoted.

Obviously we just assumed different things from the OP. When I saw the words Oscar worthy, I thought it meant all Oscars, hence my reply. 




 Thank you!!! I thought I was going fucking mad! Every time he speaks it's like he's fuckin munching on a sandwich at the same time. 




 Who's playing through the middle? And why not Ozil? 




 Bit harsh on giraffes. 




 Has he just beaten someone's record, or just added to his own, if you see what I mean? 




 Out of interest, behind which 4? 




 For me it's the way he says it as much as anything else. The pause before the gag, and the over pronunciation of BIB, as if no one would fucking get the joke otherwise. Which happened to be absolutely horrendous anyway. 




 Even with Suarez gone, I was confused why so many people had Liverpool to drop out of the top 4 before the season began, particularly at United's expense. I personally think Liverpool are going to finish 3rd, ahead of Arsenal, and behind City and Chelsea. 




 Well, I think the person who used the phrase is saying that Gerrard and Pirlo, like the quarterbacks of the NFL, are the ones who are considered the playmakers. But it's not a term that makes any sense in a footballing context. 




 From Twitter: *The problem with Gerrard in the quarterback role like Pirlo is, he can't actually pass a ball anywhere near as good as Pirlo.*

Quarterback role? Is this really creeping in to football (soccer) terminology?

 




 Nice wee line from the BBC:

*Mario Balotelli is going through his warm-up at White Hart Lane, he's managed to get his bib on so that's a start...*

Glad to see Mario starting, this could be a cracking game.

[Some context for those unclear](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYU-SeVofHs). Just a quick warning - you might want to watch this on mute, it's got Robbie Savage in it.

ETA: Added the clip. 




 I literally never watch Italian football, is Buffon still a solid starter for Juve and Italy? How many years do you think he's got left in him? 




 Ah, ok. To be honest, I probably shouldn't even be on this thread. When it comes to films, I don't pick up on the intricacies and technical things that are probably what wins Academy Awards. I just go by how much I enjoyed it! I've seen Inception so many times now, it must be in double figures, but I've only seen TKS once, and probably won't watch it again. 




 I only just saw The King's Speech recently and, personally speaking, I just can't see how it beat Inception to the award for Best Film. Inception shits all over it IMO. 




 Bill Murray for best actor in Ghostbusters, perhaps? 




 Best Film

Best Director

Best Actor

Best Actress

Best Supporting Actor

Best Supporting Actress

Are those considered the big ones? 




 OP, are you talking about just the big Oscars, like Best Film, Best Director etc.?

Or do you mean any Oscar at all? 




 Alien won the Oscar for Best Visual Effects. 




  You don't know heartache till you watch a little girl cry for her daddy to come home.

What an utterly ridiculous and offensive statement to make. 




 Yeah, I'm pretty sure that losing 6-3 to most teams would leave me raging, but this felt different. I think it's because, even though we lost, we still took the game to Chelsea, and managed to take 3 goals off them, which is no mean feat, especially when you consider how good their defence is, and the fact that they're the favourites for the title in many people's eyes.

Obviously our defense needs a lot of work, and Howard was dreadful today, but I don't know, this loss didn't leave me feeling that deflated. Chelsea are just an awesome side! 




 As an Everton fan, I honestly don't know how to feel after that game. It was just so bizarre. 




 This. Is. Mental. 




 No problems mate, just whenever you can. 




 Brilliant, thanks mate :) 




 True, but it would at least give the other teams a better, and fairer, chance to reach the deeper stages at least.

Although what you've said also touches on my second wish - to do away with the group stages altogether!!

I remember when the European Cup was knockout from the start, and I'd love those days to come back. I can understand people's viewpoints of wanting to see the likes of Real Madrid play, and if they were to be knocked out in the first round, there'd be a lot of unhappy people (not least the sponsors). But personally speaking, I'd love that. As I said, I think it's much more sporting to do it this way, but I know that will never happen, as money rules all these days. 




 Thanks for the reply mate.

In a more general way - if a club can't sell enough to pay off the creditors, is that when liquidation happens? Is that what happened to the likes of Portsmouth etc.? 









 From what I've read, if the share issue fails, Rangers could face administration. I know that this incurs a points deduction, but in terms of the future of the club itself, what are the implications of administration? It's not something I've ever fully understood, no matter who it's happened to. Does administration always lead to liquidation if a club can't get out of it? And if Rangers were to fold, would they be able to re-form again? 




 I didn't even think it had 4 eyes till I read the comments here. I thought the black bit in the middle was just the pupil, like [this](http://neurocapability.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/snake-wallpaper-green-anaconda-reptile-eyes-desktop-wallpapers-a-l-ibackgroundz-com.jpg). 




   increasing the likelihood that better and more entertaining teams are knocked out and worse teams slip into the knock-out stages

I really don't understand the objection to this from a sporting perspective. I've said before I'd love to see seedings done away with completely (not just in football) and just let the draw be completely random, but loads of people say to me things like "Yeah great, can you imagine Zenit vs Steaua Bucharest in the CL final?". 

But I don't see what's wrong with that. They're both professional football teams who've won their leagues, thereby earning themselves a place in the Champions League - if they both get lucky with the draws and end up playing in the final, then so be it. Just because they can't field the likes of Ronaldo or Messi, and might not play as attractively as the more famous teams, wouldn't make them any less worthy in my eyes.

I'd much rather an actual league champion from one of the less fashionable leagues won the CL than the team who finished 4th in the PL or La Liga etc. Personally, I'm getting fed up seeing the same teams constantly reaching the quarters etc.

(No offence to Zenit or Steaua fans btw, just the first two teams that popped into my head!).

EDIT: changed a few words. 




 /r/WatchItForThePlot  




 Haha, I get the feeling I'll be saying that for the next few years as well! 




 I'd very much appreciate a link later once you get on a computer if possible. I haven't heard anything remotely like that in the aftermath of it all, and I'd really want to see the source of a claim like that. 




 So that would imply you're under the impression that someone at Celtic knew before the game about Legia's illegible player, have I got that right? I don't see how they could to be honest - Legia's admin process is surely completely internal.

In saying all this, I can understand how angry Legia fans are, it's a dreadful way to be eliminated from any competition. 




 Good shout! I hadn't even considered Geography as a reason prefer to one draw over another. 




 Do you ever feel an easy group doesn't prepare you as well for the next round? 




 Ah, the best of both worlds :D Who do you support, out of interest? 




 EDIT: That title should read European competitions, not matches. Can't change it now :(

Just been having a wee nosy through some of the qualifying draw threads, and was just wondering - do you prefer your team to get drawn against the big guns? Or would you rather they got an easy group? I realise that sounds like a no-brainer, but I think it depends on the team you support.

As a Celtic fan, our chances of winning the Champions League (on the occassions we actually make it there!) have always been zero, so I love it when we get drawn against huge clubs like Barcelona, because the atmosphere on nights like that is always great.

I'm also an Everton fan, and I'm happy to see us get a pretty tough group in the Europa League, again because I think it'll make for some fantastic evenings at Goodison.

But I would imagine teams like Chelsea or Man City, who have aspirations of actually winning it, would much rather have an easier passage through the group stages, to conserve energy for the knockouts.

Just wondered what your views on it are? 




 To be honest, of all the replies from Legia fans trying to explain their dislike for Celtic, this is the only one that I've actually understood.

When you say you'd expect your representative to say something, do you mean you'd expect them to offer the place to Celtic? Because I have to say, I personally don't think there's any team on the planet who would offer that, not with what's at stake.

But at least I understand your stance on it now.

 




 Can any Legia fans (or anyone who speaks Polish for that matter), write what it is they're actually singing? 




 Then fuck me, I need to know who this is!! :( :( 




 Tommi Jo was in an episode of Dating in the Dark here in the UK. Sadly, it also featured a guy called Ben Clarke, a massively arrogant, narcissistic cunt stain who was on The Apprentice the year before.

[This is the episode in question](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVDILBzSnJA) 




 Forfeiting a match always makes it a 3:0 result to the team who aren't the subject of the forfeit. It doesn't get changed to make sure another team is disqualified.  




 Not strictly true. Legia forfeited the second leg by fielding a player they shouldn't have, which changed the result to a 3-0 win for Celtic. That changed the overall result to a 4-4 draw, putting Celtic through on away goals. 

If Legia had won the first leg 4-0, they would have gone through despite the second leg result being changed. They weren't disqualified outright. 

 




 Is it Meryln Sekova maybe? She's one of the few women I can think of that has tits this big but is also pretty slim.  




 Vieira v Keane was an epic matchup over the years. 




 Baggio for me as well - my favourite player of all time, and not even because of how good he was. I just thought he was the coolest looking fucker on the planet. 




 I was torn watching that game. I really wanted Arsenal to win, but being a Celtic fan, I was absolutely made up for Henrik, after he'd been so loyal to us - he could have easily played for one of Europe's top teams. 




 Yeah that's what I said - it's now more than likely that Arsenal will surpass Man United's record over the next couple of years. 




 Well I'm sure he was cursing when he left!  




 Given the way they've started under LVG, I'd say it's more the lack of Ferguson effect! 




 Ah, thanks for that mate. Very likely now that Arsenal will surpass Man United in this respect. 




 Ah right, so within the context of the English leagues it could be a record? 




 Oops! Haven't had my breakfast yet, my brain isn't working yet! :-/

Then yes, that would be a ridiculous group :D 




 Morning gooners! As a non-Arsenal fan, I was just wondering why so much is being made of reaching the CL for the 17th time in a row? I'm not at the wind-up here, it's obviously an important achievement, but is that the only reason why - or is this some kind of record? 

I only ask because surely other teams in Europe, like Bayern or Real Madrid have done something similar? (I'm happy to be proven wrong!). 




 I don't think that can happen, can it? I thought it was a rule that you can't have two teams from the same country in a group.

Either way, replace Roma with the likes of Monaco or Anderlecht and it would still be a massively tough group! 




 Indeed. That kind of fight is often enough to lift other players around him I would imagine, and it certainly brings the crowd to life. Reminds me a lot of Suarez when he was at Liverpool. 




 Their manager, Slaven Bilic. Got sent off in the previous leg, apparently. 




 I'm not surprised, he absolutely ran himself into the ground. And I didn't realise he was such a fighter on the pitch. Just what Arsenal need. 




 Thanks for the reply mate, much appreciated. Pretty disappointed that diplomacy appears to be a shit mechanic, I was really looking forward to it! Now I'll just concentrate on a research win :)

I've thought about turning pirates off before, but felt a bit cheap doing it really! But I don't know why, I almost always turn barbarians off in Civ. 




 I've just bought Rebellion within the last couple of days, and was trying to go for a diplomatic victory against the AI, but even though I could spend money to make them like me, my feelings towards them just stayed at hateful the whole time, despite having envoys at their planets. I know I can offer missions to improve relations, but the only mission I seemed to be able to choose was to ask them for credits or resources, which they would just refuse, even if it was the lowest amount asked for.

Can anyone help? I'm not sure what else to try, and I don't know how to open up more mission types to offer them, if that's possible. (I'm playing 1v1 if that makes a difference.) 




 To be honest mate, after the way that a lot of Legia fans conducted themselves on here when UEFA kicked you out, I wouldn't be at all surprised if they did get abuse. Legia being kicked out the CL had absolutely nothing to do with Celtic, but that didn't stop the endless whining and bitching about it on here from some Legia fans, a lot of which was directed at Celtic, as if we were somehow to blame. Of course, it's the prerogative of Legia fans to come on here and act like arseholes if they want, but don't dish it out and start bleating if someone decides to return the favour. 




 This referee has been terrible all game for both sides. 
























