 Its a little low on activity though.  :( 




 my credit is shot due to the holidays

Wait... what?!? How does that happen? 




 yes!! 




 It seems like this should exist already but basically what I'm looking for is a place for people who are already employed to discuss their daily work lives.

I guess watercooler talk, if that makes sense. 




 Exactly.  I'd waste even more time if I was trying to socialize.  Plus music helps me stay motivated. 




 These are good points and I'd add that since the OP has been a homeowner he should already have a good grasp on what to look for in a property.

Trust your experience.  Worst case you can leave in a year. 




 Holy crap white people are crazy! 




 Well, I'm trying to revamp my wardrobe piece by piece but my mind goes blank when I get to the store.  I'm thinking I'd rather go into the store with a plan because I mostly buy clothes when I need them or when I see a really good sale.  What happens is I buy something but it doesn't really fit what I already own.  I want to gradually upgrade my wardrobe. 




 Dangit...  Photoshop seems like too much work.  




 My biggest weakness is putting it all together.  I'll buy a fine piece here or there but not know what I need to layer it with.  I'm starting to just look at the models on clothing websites and try to piece together a matching outfit.

I'm wondering if there is something out there that would allow me to place virtual clothing on an avatar or mannequin for every piece of clothing along with a bevy of options.  Something like what you see in the create a player mode in video games but focused on clothing only.


TL;DR:  I want to be able to piece together entire outfits in a virtual setting. 




 I disagree.  It's a major pain to cancel XM radio.  They lure you with that sweet deal hoping you forget.  Then when the deal runs out they try to do it again and again.

There's no way to cancel online and you HAVE to go through their phone system and reps to cancel.  It's like trying to dump someone who hasn't faced reality.

I know XM was more than happy to offer me the discounted rate three times until I finally stood firm.   




 Looks fine to me.  Especially in the setting you described. 




 Sounds like a mob threat. 




 I'm a guy and I have it. It was a nickel sized patch in the back of my head when young.  I tried creams and injections and eventually just settled on a style that kept it low and faded in the back.

Now I'm 29 and it looks like its coming back at my right temple so it looks like I'm balding on one side.  It sucks because the dermatologists are no help.  I think its stress related. I wish there was a cure.  




 On another board I frequent someone asked "what's the point of no fap challenges?"



And someone retorted with this:


an occasional fap session is fine...  but i agree...daily? thats way too much... cats here go from one extreme to the next....  theres no middle ground... either you guys fap 10 times a day or you have to go 90 days fap-free....  moderation is the key to life...learn it.


Thoughts?  I thought he made a good point 




 Cure for male pattern baldness 




 Burp. I literally can't.  :-(  




 Pardon my ignorance, but what's an REO? 




 Yeah after looking at all the math and seeing how I might be staying here awhile I can't justify renting.

Even if it turned out to be $800 a month that's still considerably less than $1050 which I'm sure will go up when its time to renew. 




 Works for me!  this is great 




 Can I just be nice and pay you to do your job?  I'm not into bringing gifts, baked goods, and all that other stuff. 




 Based off of what you wrote, I'd cut him off.  As a man that dated a chick for 7 years and didn't really appreciate her until she left... Believe me when I say you have to move on.  It's tough and initially it will be painful but he seems a lot like I was.  Don't let your fantasy of a "great love story followed by a happy ending" cloud the truth that is right in front of you. 




 Wow.  You've given me much to think about.  I don't think i'll have to deal with that worst case scenario situation but I can't predict the future either.


I still want a townhouse but I will now expand my search to houses as well.  Since buying a snowblower and paying someone to do my lawn will be cheaper in the long run anyway.  Thanks. 




 HOA is $120 a month.  $435 not including taxes. 




 Location: Des Moines, IA.
HOA fees are around $120 a month.
I'm a senior engineer for a Fortune 100 company based in the midwest.  My job is as stable as it gets.

Anything else?  I'm more than willing to answer questions so I can make an informed decision.

Why do you guys hate townhouses?  I used to as well until I saw my coworker's setup and the low costs he was paying.  It makes sense for a young professional. 




 Here's my story.  I bought my first home about 3 years ago in GA with the First Time Homeowner's credit.  I had to move two years later and lost $20k on that home.  (Luckily I didn't have to pay the govt their $8K back)

Fast forward to now.  I've been renting a townhouse in my Iowa for about a year and a half.  My rent is $1050.  I can get similar and newer townhouse for $100K and a mortgage of $435.  The area seems stable and is actually being built up.

My questions... 

1.  Is there anything I'm not considering?  I don't want to get burnt again.
2.  Will the market ever pick up again?  I foolishly bought 3 years ago thinking rates couldnt get any lower.

I want a townhouse because I don't want to deal with the maintenance of a yard in this climate.  My thought process is worst case scenario I could always rent it and my company buys the house for market value if the ask me to move. 




 You need to look at all the other costs as well.  Is there an HOA?  what will your property taxes be?  Maintenance? upkeep?  etc.

The difference is only $75.  That's not that drastic. 




 This is honestly where I'm trying to get.  I want to be able to interchance work and play clothes seamlessly.  Any tips? 









 Doesn't matter.  The internet sleuths will track it down in a matter of minutes and it would be publicized anyway. 




 I felt like I had found the cheat code to life.

To be fair, I tried to break up numerous times but my gf was in denial and wouldn't let me go. 




 If I'm driving and see someone trying to cut over into my lane at the last second to bypass a line of cars I'll purposely box them out.

Wait in line like the rest of us. 




 Woman.  Because they put so much value into their appearance anyway. 




 While true, I have a corporate job now.  That iron from college has to go!

If the guy has a job, he needs an iron. 




 TIL:  A protractor is now a necessity when eating out. 




 Turns out it was this:

http://www.driveaccord.net/forums/showthread.php?t=42915

The oring was letting air into my power steering pump.  Thanks for answering though. 




 Record collecting.  When starting out, Goodwill and thrift stores are your friend.  Also, old relatives have a wealth of vinyl they don't listen to anymore. 




 My 2006 Honda Accord makes a horrible whiny sound when I turn the steering wheel in cold weather.  After the car gets warm it goes away.

I've checked the power steering fluid and its fine.  What do I need to know before taking it to a mechanic? 




 Grown men crawling around in air ducts. 




 I thought I was the only one. lol 




 Oh I see now, you're mixed.  I didn't see the comments earlier where you mentioned it.  I was trying to visualize a dark skinned woman with fine caucasian hair and couldn't...

Even with the face blurred out you seem pretty attractive. 




 Black with white hair?!?!?  :mindblown:

I'm black btw.  I'm trying to picture a visual here.  A picture (with face blurred out) would do wonders. 




 I have a friend that's in the hospital.  I need an idea of something to bring.  I feel like flowers and balloons aren't manly at all. 




 This may help some of you out there.  I'm a 29 year old bachelor who makes enough money to buy whatever he wants.  But never buys what he needs.  Heres' a list of things I need that are inexpensive and would totally bring a smile to my face if I got them for Christmas.  

**Iron** -  I've been using the same cheap iron I had in college.  An upgrade to a decent one around $50 would be very useful.

**Vacuum** - Same as above.  A man is unlikely to buy himself a new vacuum.

**Nice Kitchenware (pots, knives, blender, etc)** - A nice pot here or there would be great.  When I need something I always go cheap.  Someone else springing $60 for that nice pot or a set of quality knives would be great.  I recently tried to make a cheesecake without a mixer and shredded cabbage without a food processor.  The experience was terrible.  I need new kitchenware bad!

**Logitech Harmony Remote** - I keep losing my remotes.  I need to consolidate.

**AA/AAA Batteries** -  Cheap.  But who's gonna turn down batteries?!?

**Dress Socks** - I can't explain it, but I always need some. 

Just some suggestions. 




 Nice.  I'm stealing this! 




 Hijack away, that would be awesome as well. 




 I'm new and interesting in learning more about Stoicism.  I'm a visual an audatory learner.  I will defintely read the literature at some point but I would like to know if there are other forms of media about Stoicism. 




 An interesting by product of this is your daughter is learning French 




 Even without the electronic communication if it can still focus manually it will be a good lens.  I use a NEX 3 with a prime Canon 50mm lens and its my best lens bar none.  Even with manual focus. 




 Settings?  
























 How can you eat so much steak in an affordable manner? 




 Conan O'Brien spoiled The Sixth Sense for me.  I haven't been able to watch it since.   




 Can I access them in America?

EDIT:  I see I can.  Gracias por su ayuda!
EDIT 2:  The text is still different.  For example they'll say "perdon" but the text will say "disculpe".  But something is better than nothing I guess. 




 I wish I had the answer.  It's sad.  The ironic thing is that there are more blacks in college than any other period in history yet there's probably more teenage pregnancies as well.  So we're doing better, but worse at the same time.

I don't have the percentage breakdown tho.  Forgive me. 




 "Stop actin' like a lil bitch.  You'll be alright."   Strangely this worked better than the cookie cutter stuff. 




 It started with the government pushing drugs into the black communities.  It's documented and everything.

People like to blame black people like we don't come from a history of hard workers.  Insert drugs, destroy black male leadership by having J. Edgar Hoover  take down the Black Panther Party and here we are today. 




 Not sure I understand this.  For example in boxing a right handed person leads with his left foot forward and his left hand closer to his opponent.  Are you suggesting they box southpaw? 




 I used to work for Papa Johns.  Do the drivers still dilly dally and avoid hard work while waiting for orders to come out?  

In the two stores I worked at the drivers would play hooky while I stood up all day making pizzas, answering calls, and folding boxes.

Also, do you know how to toss dough? 




 Someone needs to make a "negged" version of that gif. 




 Yeah it's the latter.  I already know about VLC sync.  I love it.

Like someone said earlier, close captioning is probably what I'm lookin for 




 Vivo en Iowa.  Hay un poco de nieve en las calles.  La temperatura es de cinco grados.  Soy originalmente de Georgia.  Por eso, no me gusta la temperatura y soy muy frio. 




 True.  Is there a high availability of Spanish shows/movies with closed captioning?  I know on Telemundo they have closed captions but I can't find any dvds with it.  I also can't access the captions on through my HD tv and cable box.  (but I know they work because I've seen them on other tvs) 




 Last time I watched a Spanish movie on Netflix it only had English and France as subtitle options.  I'll check again. 




 I've gotten some from there but they don't match up.  I don't know if its because I'm watching the Latin American version and the subs are from Spain or what, but its frustrating. 




 Puedo buscar peliculas en ingles con subtitulos en espanol pero no puedo encontrar peliculas en espanol con subtitulos en espanol.  Sin embargo hay muchas peliculas en espanol con subtitulos en otras lenguas.

Can anybody help?  I'm willing to pay.  This goes for official dvd releases as well.

Oh yeah I used both *buscar* and *encontrar* in the passage above because I'm not sure which one I should've used.  

I also have a hard time finding subtitles for English movies dubbed in Spanish.  The ones I find are slightly off.  The actors are using a script so I'm sure the proper version exists somewhere. 




 did you give her a real chance? - no rebound, pity acceptance of relationship, sex only relationship, other. crap reasons to be with someone

It was a semi-rebound I guess. but I gave her a chance

were you attracted to her? physically, intelectually, emotionally

Of course.  

what are the best things about her?

She's independent, smart, attractive, genuinely fun to be with at times.

what are the worst things about her?

She is the total opposite of me and is HIGHLY emotional.  She can be rude and cut people off when talking.  Also in most cases she lacks the ability to look at herself from other's perspective.  and she can be a tad bit materialistic.

what's her favourite thing? something that always makes her smile

Makeup accessories, Hello Kitty, coffee, tea... I could go on and on.

what was the greatest thing you've ever done for her happyness alone?

I cant single out one thing by itself.  I spoiled her at Christmas though.

have you thought about her while out with friends/work wtv?

Sure.

have you always been there for her when she was sad? have you done stuff to make her happy after?

Usually.  The only problem is since she's so emotional, she gets sad and mad a lot.  This is admittedly my weak spot because I never know what to do in these situations so I just listen and try to be empathetic.  Best thing I can do is take her mind off of it.

ever thought about marrying her? giving her babies?

Not until right before the end.  I would have kids with her.  She only wants one but I think that she was open to changing that. 




 Yeah she knows.  I told her when I was breaking up that I didn't think it was fair for her to be with someone who didn't care as much as she did.  




 Actually I was in a relationship from ages 20-27 and was really in love with that girl.  So I know what it feels like.  But sometimes I feel like I'm unfairly comparing my new girl to my old one.

But I also got my heart broken in that relationship so I'm apprehensive to let my guard down and love again. 




 He's not saying it because he doesn't love you.  He might care about you A LOT, but saying it is a probably a pretty big deal to him.  He would probably feel all sorts of anxiety and pressure once he says it.

I put my last girlfriend through something similar before I cut it off since I wasn't in love as much as she was.  No one should ever have to be in a lopsided relationship.

Keep in mind my actions all pointed to me loving her.  I did everything you could ask a bf to do, but my heart wasn't all the way in it.  

If it's an issue to you it's probably worth bringing it up with him. 




 She was in love and I wasn't ready for all that.  We were together 7 months.  I feel like I did her a favor by not wasting her time any more.  But now I feel lonely and sad.  

I'd reach out to her but I feel it's a selfish move if I'm not ready to give it my all.  I really wish we could be friends and I hope she's around when I get it all together but she has a strict "no contact" policy with exes.

Any advice?  



**TL;DR.**  Dumped gf, right decision, help me feel better about it. 

**EDIT:  I think I may actually love her.  But I'm not sure.  How can you be sure?  I feel like the fact that I'm not sure means I should leave it alone.** 




 Your husband is a fucking scumbag. 




 "Would you rather be underpaid or overrated?" - Jay-Z 




 Its not everywhere though.  Wal-Mart has it but Target doesn't. 




 http://imgur.com/a/q7b1v

It's just a start.  I got bored one day at work and ran with it.  I'm sure someone else could do a MUCH better job.

My logic was to create a basic avatar comprised of cells that I could fill in with the colors of clothes I actually own.  This allows me to get an idea how colors work together when layering.

The downside is that its very hard to get patterns (plaid, etc.) in Excel.  Also, I had to make my best guess as to find the closest color to khaki and the jeans I own. 




 I took pictures of my closet then tried my best to match the colors in Excel at work. 




 I feel your pain.  I'm in a relatively small city and I feel like I have very few occassions to show off my nice clothes.
 




 This is funny.  I've been doing all my layering and outfitting in excel.  I created a person that looks like an 8-bit video game character and match up my outfits by filling the cells. 




 What are your politcal view?  just curious 




 Judging people solely off of their appearance.  I'm guilty of this but I don't like when others do it. 




 So what's the plan when you get married?  Are you expecting the problem to magically go away?  You might as well deal with it now and make the tough suggestion. 




 You should be.  I do the same thing, but she's only my girlfriend.  I would expect myself to be completely open with my spouse.  Some people are very private, but you're his wife and you guys should have an open-access policy. 




 Dude this sounds like me to a tee!  *mind blown* 




 I think you're overexaggerating a bit.  People don't usually get excited when a 6'10" center does a simple two hand dunk under the basket.

But when you see Gerald Green come through the paint and windmill dunk on somebody of equal or taller height then its a big deal.  Because that's pretty rare and hard to do. 




 I went to the store today and didn't see any.  Maybe others will have better luck. 




 Holy crap how did I miss this.  Thanks.  I've also started looking at albums for inspiration. 




 Thanks.  I will keep this in mind. 




 I'm confused.  Are you telling me to splash the alcohol on my face or rub it?  Or both?  Also, won't alcohol dry my skin out? 




 Thanks.  I read thru it and it seems like a very arduous process that he still has trouble with.

The thing about hair like ours is if you make ONE mistake its a wrap and your neck looks like a Nestle Crunch bar.

I've bookmarked that thread while I continue to do research. 




 ...said Walter White pre-cancer. 




 The Spirit.  worst movie ever.   




 Nice try Geico exec 




 What does your app provide that google maps can't?  I think either way it should be free.  I rarely pay for apps unless they're EXTREMELY useful with a slick UI. 




 No offense to the non-black guys.  It's just that ***I've heard it all before.***

I currently use a pair of Andis T-Outliners to cut my facial hair.  I still get razor bumps but its kept to a minimum.

Every now and then I get the urge to shave with a razor and it **always ends up badly**.  I even splurged on an Art of Shaving kit one time using the brush with the lather and oil before shaving, etc.  I followed the instructions on the dvd and  STILL got crazy razor bumps.

My facial hair is very coarse, thick, and curly.  Even more so than the typical African American's.  To put it in perspective **I can use a depilatory like extra strength Magic Shave, leave it on my face for 30 minutes (double the time listed on the container), and it will still leave a good 30% of my hairs on my face.**  My facial hairs are some tough sons of bitches.

So any input is welcome.  I'd grow out my beard if it didn't look so sparse and patchy.  Also, my beard grain goes in all types of directions so shaving with cream and not being able to see the hair is a risk I'm concerned about.

A search brought me here and I'm really hoping this can solve one of my major dilemmas in life. 




 There's no way to learn a language "fast."  The fastest method would be to move to Japan and put yourself in a "learn or die" situation. 




 SHIA THE BUFF! 




 I agree.  A lot of this stuff is just positive quotes and lip service.  That doesn't move me. 




 Just drop him off somewhere in the deep south.  Preferably Mississippi or Alabama. He'd never know the difference. 




 This is awesome.  I liked this part the best

But Robbins is self-taught, and his devotion to his studies borders on the monastic. **Every moment not spent refining his technique or in some way expanding his knowledge of human nature and how to exploit it is, to his mind, time wasted.** 
 




 You're in Atlanta?  I'd go to GT or Emory if I were you.  Full time to get the complete experience as well. 




 Tell me how I can work from home.  How much do you make?  
























 I wear a 44L because I have long NBA player arms.  I went into HM and saw a blazer I loved but they only had it in 44R.  

What are my options?  The girl I was with took a look at the sleeves and said there wasn't enough material to get more than an inch and a half with a tailor.  That wouldn't be enough length.  Any alternatives to HM?  I really liked the low cost but slim fit.

Thanks. 




 Thanks.  One more question... with an exercise like squats is there an alternative to high reps?  I can do plenty of bw squats but I can barely do one legged squats.  Is there an in-between progression? 




 I dunno.  I'm new here but I've seen a lot of programs focused around a lot of situps, pushups, and pullups.  (i.e.  hundredpushups.com ) 




 The main reason I can never stick with body weight exercises is because after about 20 reps I lose interest and can't get the motivation to finish.

How do you guys push thru and do 100+ situps, 50 burpees, etc ?

Especially when breaking them into smaller sets isn't an option because you need more reps to challenge yourself but can't quite progress to an advanced version of the same exercise.

Also, how does hypertrophy apply to this as well?

EDIT:  I will check out the FAQ's for better progressions.  Thanks for the replies though!
 




 You are correct.  I have a mirrorless Sony NEX and if you don't mind shooting manual,there's no limit to lenses you can use. 




 I read it but I'm confused... It didn't really seem like any useful advice. 




 Is this in store as well? Also, when does it end. 




 Yes.  I do.

We're all human beings and make mistakes.  I regret making someone I truly loved feel horrible and worthless.  I was young and didn't understand it then, but I understand it now. 




 What you're going through right now is very tough and I don't think anything I can say will help. But take it from someone nearly 10 years older than you... YOU HAVE SO MUCH LIFE LEFT TO LIVE!!!  You're very young.

I know how you feel however.  And I know that it will be hard to realize that now and in this moment.  Focus on a goal.  Focus on something you really want (besides her) and put all your energy towards that.  




 Dude, she did you a favor.  If you don't respect yourself nobody else will.

At least you didn't have to deal with that during marriage.

Don't get me wrong, its TOUGH.  But sometimes you have to put these things in perspective and realize that over time you'll look back and be glad it ended. 




 This is just what I needed to read.  Also, for those of you who have been dumped, it's also not easy when you're the person who breaks it off.

I beat myself up constantly knowing that I hurt someone when I thought I was doing the right thing by not wasting their time and taking them through my ups and downs. 




 *In Nelson voice*   HA HAAA! 




 Make sure you're doing this for the right reasons and not because you feel "dreadful."  Also, be prepared for an outcome that may not be what you desired.

I'm interested to see how it goes because I've been on both sides of this situation. 




 Don't do it!  I had a similar situation and almost wound up with a restraining order.  That surprise stuff seems cool in the movies but in real life it might not work out like that.

Just call her and see how it goes. 




 I sat here thinking of what to say in response to this and all I could come up with was, "Wow." 




 brb. looking up "ignominy" 




 Talk to older people.  Any older friends or family you have will give you perspective on why you probably have not met the person you're going to be with for life yet.  You're only 20 with your whole life ahead of you.

The feelings you're having are natural. Give it time.  But I'll let you know now, you guys still being friends and still talking will only delay your healing. 




 I don't know if you'll see this but I am one of the most uncaring non-empathetic people you'd ever see usually. But your post spoke out to me. Please don't kill yourself. If you must get away, run away, but don't kill yourself. Trust me it gets better.  




 Obviously you already have your mind made up so just follow your heart.

Best case:  It works out.
Worst case:  It doesn't and you'll have learned a valuable life lesson in the most effective manner possible... by experiencing it firsthand. 




 It's going to take time.  There's nothing you can do.  What is it that keeps reminding you of her?  If you can you need to do everything to remove those reminders.

I had a girl break up with me but we had mutual friends on twitter.  Someone would RT her and it would ruin my day.  I created a filter in Tweetdeck to remove any tweets with her name in it.

It sounds simple but little stuff like this helped me heal and not think about her all the time.  If there's nothing triggering the memory but your scumbag brain then the only thing I can recommend is keeping yourself occupied so you don't have time to think about what could've been. 




 They're only hurting themselves with the mandatory group tip IMO.  I tip higher than the 18% normally.  But I'm so put off when I see i'm forced to tip that I just leave it at the 18% and don't tip extra. 




 Eh... If they (or their insurance) wants to pay for it then it's their prerogative.  I actually stay away from ER because the bill is usually ridiculous.  




 It's your call.  Just know if you do it you well feel horrible for awhile.  But in the long term it will be the best thing to do. 




 This is so relevant to me right now.  I wish I could upvote you more.  I'm going to save this. 




 Wow.  I know you in real life.  Small world.  I'll give this recipe a try. 




 I think it's very normal for us guys.  We get conflicted because we know we can't give the girl the relationship she deserves but don't want to hurt her feelings.

Then we end it because it feels like the right thing to do.  But afterwards we feel like shit because the girl is still sad anyway and now we're lonely.  I'm going through this process as well.  If I would have known about this subreddit I would've posted it here.

http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/16z92o/28m_broke_up_with_24f_did_i_do_the_right_thing/
 




 I just want to say that I don't think it's that uncommon at all for girl's to want sex more than guys once they get in a comfortable relationship.  I've been in that position before and it's awkward to tell a girl "No."

The rest of your post is typical relationship stuff.  You did the right thing.  You'll be alright. 




 It's probably the right thing to do.  Why did you break his heart and then ask for him back?  




 What difference does it make if it's quick?  If the other person has doubts or has made up their mind it's best to end it.  

As the dumpee you're still holding onto feelings that why you wanted it to last longer.  The other person would be doing both of you a disservice by prolonging something they didn't want to be in.  I mean, when is the *right* time in your eyes? 




 Quickly.  Either way he's going to be hurt.  You might as well let him start the healing process sooner than later. 




 This may be hard but you're going to have to separate from your feelings for a minute and think logically.

This girl...

1. Has been chumming it up with an old friend.
2. Has been avoiding you
3. Decides to break up with you on fucking Valentines Day!?!?

Sounds like she did you a favor bro.  

At best she's highly confused about her feelings and its best that she let you go while she sorts it out.  At worst she's a selfish cruel bitch. 




 Dude you are so young that none of this will even matter in the grand scheme that is your life.  Be glad you're going through it now because the experience will help in the future.

I went through my first major breakup at 28 and it was TOUGH.  Imagine being with someone for years and not being equipped to deal with the pain while all your friends are getting married.

You're 18.  You're still learning what you'll be in life.  Have fun and try to move on.  You'll meet so many women over the next few years it will blow your mind. 




 I like what this subreddit represents and all, but I feel like not giving a fuck is either in you or it isn't.  The guy that got dumped by his ex on Valentine's Day isn't going to all of a sudden stop being depressed because of a few words on here.  It takes multiple failures and an internal resolution to get to that point.  And the time it takes for that to happen is different for everyone.

Most people have to get to a point where they decide *"enough is enough!"* and change their life.

I'll leave you with a quote from Anthony De Mello.  It's in the context of relationships but I think it applies here:


"It didn’t make sense to me for many years until I suddenly discovered 
that people have to suffer enough in a relationship so that they get disillusioned with all
relationships. Isn’t that a terrible thing to think? They’ve got to suffer enough in a 
relationship before they wake up and say, “I’m sick of it! There must be a better way of 
living than depending on another human being.” And what was I doing as a 
psychotherapist? People were coming to me with their relationship problems, with their 
communication problems, etc., and sometimes what I did was a help. But sometimes, I’m 
sorry to say, it wasn’t, because it kept people asleep. Maybe they should have suffered a 
little more. Maybe they ought to touch rock bottom and say, “I’m sick of it all.”  **It’s only 
when you’re sick of your sickness that you’ll get out of it.**  Most people go to a psychiatrist or a psychologist to get relief. I repeat: to get relief. Not to get out of it" 




 I'm a GT alum.  How do you feel about Paul Johnson's offense?

oh and Hillary?!??  wow.  




 Because it can make a subpar photo look good.  Also, its easy to apply at the press of a button. 




 I dunno.  Heartbreak is probably the worst pain I've ever felt and I've been through A LOT in life. 




 My head exploded and ascended into the atmosphere when I saw what [this guy looked like.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laStiu_sUd4)  




 True.  But it's gotta sting knowing that the Cardinals, Seahawks, and Buccaneers have been. 




 The only NFC team that has NEVER been to the Superbowl.  That's gotta sting if you're a Lions fan. 




 Be glad you've been spared the pain of heartbreak then. 




 I'm struggling right now with all my relationships.  I just broke up with my girl because my heart wasn't in it and it was the right thing to do.

See [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/16z92o/28m_broke_up_with_24f_did_i_do_the_right_thing/)


The problem is I underestimated the friendship I had with my gf.  It wasn't perfect but at least I had someone who was obligated to put me before everyone else.  At least I had someone to vent to.

Now that I'm single and depressed nobody is around.  I have friends, but I always feel like I'm bothering them and they all have other priorities whether it's kids or a significant other.  

So this leaves me by myself.  Who am I supposed to talk to?  I feel like nobody understands me.  Even when I was in a relationship I was the type of friend to drop everything and be there for a friend in need.  


I don't have the best relationship with my family either so I truly feel Forever Alone. 




 I agree as well.  I've been depressed lately and have been rolling with the mantra, "When in doubt. Write." I have a ton of journal entries over the past two years.  It's therapeutic. 




 I don't wish mental problems or depression or anxiety on anybody.

On the outside everything is great in my life.  Good job with great salary, tall, handsome and athletic but inside my mind I've been to hell and back.  For a while I was taking Prozac but I quit it cold turkey against my doctor's orders.  That was about 2 years ago and I think I'm much better but when I have my down moments they're BAD.  It used to be better because I had my girlfriend to talk to but now I don't have anyone I feel like talking to about my problems because they all *seem* so unimportant in the grand scheme of things. 




 Doing pushups in the office would be taboo where I work.  I once did it during a brainstorming session amongst four other people in a non-formal setting and was told it was the most unprofessional thing someone had ever seen. 




 Michael or Christopher.  You're basically giving your kid no originality and asking for mistaken identity problems later. 




 This is good stuff.  I've got a Spanish learning blog where I'm applying this.  I'm also going to start a GMAT prep blog as well.  I figure if I type out daily lessons of how to study effectively then it's just as good as me teaching a live person. 




 Told my ex I cheated on her.  Even though it was the right thing and I never did it again, the next few years of our relationship were hell.

Had I not said nothing and just acted right things would have been much better. 




 Knowing when and how to end a relationship. 




 At least you're being honest.  It's hard as fuck being a black guy when you have to deal with those stereotypes tho.  And be honest, you know there are just as many white people who fit those stereotypes as well. 




 What's your racial makeup?  I'm pretty sure to get into this you have to fit a standard profile right? 
























 You're not weak.  You're just human.

Give it time.  But seriously, control what you can in order to heal faster.  i.e. don't go browsing his social media.  You'll only delay your progress. 




 When are you applying?  This fall or Fall 2014? 




 Depends on your profile (current job, undergraduate major, etc)honestly.  Your GMAT score is awesome, your GPA is actually higher than mine by a little so to hear you say its low is hilarious.

But a 3.2 in Engineering looks much better than one in Theater. 




 He's still in the "honeymoon phase."  He's probably not in love for real.  Pretty soon the allure will wear off.

More importantly, you have to be strong and not worry about what he is doing.  It sucks but all you can do is try to remove all memories, fill your time with things you enjoy, and move on. 




 I'm in the same situation.  Long arms are great for basketball for terrible for suit buying. 




 No prob.  I'm glad other people benefited from it.   




 I agree.  Every situation is different.  But I guess my post is assuming that you've done all you could to make it work but they still don't want to be with you.

I see that situation all the time on here and people are lost and don't know  what to do.  So they come on here and wonder how they can get their ex back because they've become so dependent on them and the thought of being without them is too much.

I'm just offering another way to look at the situation. 




 I wrote this in my journal as a reminder to myself.  Maybe it helps you guys:


**So you want to get her back huh?  (A conversation with myself)**


So you want her back huh?  You guys have spent 7 years together and she is the love of your life.  She is highly compatible with you and it feels like life situations are the only reasons you’re not together…



Hold your horses.  **You want to know how to get your ex back?  It’s simple.  MOVE ON.**  Assume you’re not going to get her back and live your life.  Be happy.  I know at first you thought that if she saw how miserable you were then she’d want you back.  *This is a horrible strategy.  All that does is create pity and guilt.*  It doesn't make someone want to BE with you however.  The same things that made you attractive in the first place are going to be the same things that would win an ex back.  If you’re happy and living your life you will be attractive.  

It’s basic laws of attraction here.  Think about it, if the roles were reversed.  Has seeing someone sad and upset made you like them more?  No.  Actually, hell no.  Even if you feel bad you still don’t want anything serious with that person.  People like other people who enhance their life, not bring them down.  But if the situation were the opposite and you saw an ex happy and having the time of their life without you, you instantly want them back in some way shape or form.

  
The irony of all this is that when you’re on that journey you completely forget about trying to win the other person back.  You’re genuinely experiencing happiness.  Things get to the point where you don’t even know if you’d want to go back down that path with your ex. 




 Story of my life brah.  I'm a successful engineer who has went way farther than he ever imagined.  Now I sit at my desk and ponder what's next.  That's the problem with goal chasing... You're never satisfied.  I tried to impart this wisdom on my ex girlfriend who is grinding for her PhD at the moment.  I told her that once its all over and she has a job, she'll understand what I'm going through.

What sucks even more is that you can't complain about it because people won't understand and will say you need to be grateful for what you have. 




 What subreddit are you referring to?  I'd like to see the before and after shots as well. 




 I'm stealing this tactic.  It may prove useful in the future. 




 sauce?!?!? 




 As someone who has been there before and held on way too long, I implore you to find SOMETHING... ANYTHING... to put your mind and energy to.  

Whatever it is you've always wanted to do, put your time into that.  Ever wanted to learn the guitar?  Go for it.  Ever wanted to learn how to code?  Well now all you have it time.

Trust me, it's the only way.  Because the only thing that's going to help is time and you might as well use the remaining time you have as efficiently as possible.  You MUST do this because the alternative is you could look up and still be miserable 2 years from now.

It's going to be tough but stay strong.  Eventually she'll be just a memory and it will be hard to feel any emotions about the situation. 




 I sat here for awhile looking for words of encouragement to tell you but honestly I know how that feels and nothing anyone told me would erase the pain.

So, I hope you get better.  Just know that you'll always have this community to vent to when you need it.  It does help to know that others have went through similar situations. 




 I remember doing this and getting yelled out.  "Why would you want to remind me of that?"  was her response.  LOL.

I'd say don't do it but you're probably going to do it anyway. 




 I had a 7 year relationship go awry when I was 27.  Have been spending the past two years trying to move on.  So yeah it sucks, at age 29 having to pick up the pieces again.  It's not the end of the world though.

Although I wish I could have seen it coming earlier and been settled in a new relationship by now heading towards marriage (maybe) 




 Sounds like an excuse to leave in my opinion.   




 I've been thinking about this alot.  Sometimes I can listen to a song about a breakup and smile knowing that others have went through the same thing.  Other times it just makes me sadder.

What do you guys think?

I kind of want to watch *Swingers* and *500 Days of Summer* again for some perspective but I'm scared it will make me really sad.  when I first saw them I hadn't experienced heartbreak so I could relate. 




 The first cut is the deepest... 




 I wish I could have read this two years ago.  (Ah, who am I kidding?  I still would have ignored the advice)

Good stuff tho! 




 Whoa, just let me say that I completely feel for you.  Me and my ex of seven years broke up when I was 28.  After all the ups and downs it was just over.

Like you she was my first 'serious' relationship and the first female I truly loved.  I wouldn't wish that kind of heartbreak on ANYBODY.  It's been almost two years and we're still cool but it still hurts.  I've had a girlfriend since then but I wasn't ready so I ended it.

All I can say is that you gotta try to do what you can to stay focused and give yourself time to heal.  The late breakups suck because by this point in your life you're thinking marriage and a family.  To have the person that you had in mind for that end it with you is a huge shock to your life.  Honestly, when I read posts from 18-22 year olds on here I can't help but chuckle.  They have so much life ahead of them and are way too young to be worried about it.  But I've also learned that getting your heart broken is HARD no matter how old you are.  Like they say, the first cut is the deepest.

I feel like I'm rambling but even though i'm only a couple years younger than you, understand that time heals everything and you STILL have time.  If you have a good circle of friends you can count on that will speed up the process.  I didn't have that.  Most of my friends went through this years ago and are married or heading towards it.  Reading articles and reddit posts with other people's experience helped me a lot.  PM me if you want to talk more.  




 This is good basic advice. That's what makes me so sad about my ex, she went from always being available to being consumed with her phd then breaking up with me. We're cool and tried to be friends since we were together for 7 years but I keep getting my feelings hurt because she's terrible at making the time to be a good friend. I told myself I'd wait until she graduates this year but I'm already pulling away.  




 I disagree with this. He has plenty to lose. Take it from me, I'm 29 and I can relate from having a 7 year relationship ended. Every time I break NC and reach out, I feel worse than before. Like he said it's selfish for him to contact her because he feels bad. She probably felt worse. Contacting her will probably only anger her and have him feeling worse. Best thing to do is move on and get over your oneitis. It's tough, especially at this age since it's the time when you feel like settling down.  




 Wow this is all too real.  Especially reason #1.  People will say you're jaded though.  I appreciate this discourse.  Thanks! 




 Understood.  But be honest, does part of you feel like your ex is preventing you from giving someone new a chance?  I feel like I'm doing this sometimes.  Whether consciously or subconsciously. 




 *bro hugs* 




 I tried therapy during the time I was on medication.  I went to a few sessions.  The jury is still out on whether it helped or not.  She gave me some good books and dvds though.  I'd continue to do therapy if it wasn't so expensive.  I get just as much from having a deep conversation with a good friend.  I miss my friends.  :( 




 Wow.  This is exactly what happened with me.  But trust me, you will have a day when you get angry and resent her for it.  You will have a day where you say, *"Why couldn't you stay together and accomplish your dream?  Why wouldn't you let me be your rock as you go through this process?"*  Truthfully, everybody needs support when they embark on a tough journey. 




 Holy shit!  Four years?!?!  People tell me I'm crazy for not moving on after TWO.  Stay strong my friend! 




 How do you get started with Cognitive Therapy?  Do you need to see a professional? 




 What you're saying makes a lot of sense.  I think I don't need medication because I'm not severely depressed or suicidal.  I still have my bouts but I was fine for the most part after withdrawing.  It's only an issue now because I've went through a major heartbreak and its sending me into episodes more than normal.  I don't want to do meds but if things get worse I may have to.  Being dependent on meds is my biggest fear though.  :( 




 I'm only speaking from my experience.  My doctor wasn't open to me trying alternative methods.  I tried Prozac for awhile (combined with Klonopin to help me sleep) and the results weren't good.  His solution was to keep taking it.  That's when I stopped trusting him. 




 That's awesome.  What does it look like during regular use? 




 Thanks.  I've taken GABA and 5-HTP as well for a boost.  I have a bottle of St. Johns Wort taht I never opened.

How is light therapy working for you?  I think I have SAD 




 Even if he doesn't want to talk you should say something to at least get it off your chest.

Oh and plan an exit strategy 




 I think it going away depends on a variety of factors.  My relationship with my ex-gf lasted 7 years so it's tougher for me to move on.

Sure we can talk more if you want.  Its therapeutic.  Maybe we can help each other. 




 I'll give it a try. 




 The past keeps haunting me.  Every little thing is a reminder of the *good* times.  But surely it wasn't always good?  

Why does our brain do that to us?  :(

It's been almost two years and I can't even remember why we ever argued. 




 My tips...

1. Work on getting yourself together before you even entertain her.
1. Occupy your time and mind with other things.
1. Go out and meet new people.  Make new friends.
1. Ask yourself, if she really wanted to be with you would she be doing this?
1. Give it time.

You may want to not talk to her either.  I suggest NC because keeping in touch with her is only going to prolong your suffering.  Based off what you typed, she doesn't seem real considerate.  It's natural for you to think about her.  You're going to have your down moments.  You guys were a major part of each other's past, but that doesn't mean you have to be a part of each other's future. 




 Where's the 5th starter? 




 Usually I do good.  I'd say at least 70% of the time.  The other 30% of the time my scumbag brain plays games with me.

It doesn't take much to remind me of my ex.  It could be as simple as driving by a Target and thinking, "She loved to shop there."

I wish I had that device from Men In Black that erased that part of my memory so I could live life fully without constantly being reminded of my failure. 




 Oh I totally agree.  I'm just speaking on what usually happens.  




 It's the right choice but it will eat at you for AWHILE.  Trust me, I'm going through it now.  But in the long run you'll be glad you walked away and spared them future pain. 




 Ah... good ol' NC.  I'm torn on if it works or not.  It's definitely for you and not the other person.



I've been NC by someone before for years and didn't even notice it.  This person still contacts me from time to time and still can't let go.  So in this case I'd say it's not working.

Another ex went to the extreme and blocked me from everything and pretended like I never existed.  She seems happy but when someone brings me up or she gets a reminder I think she comes crashing down.  Maybe it will work for her.

Lastly, I've tried it with the love of my life and I just couldn't do it.  Most I ever lasted was 10 days.  But every time we talked and I got some stuff off my chest I felt better.  What I wound up doing was a progressional NC that went from us talking daily to weekly and me blocking her on twitter and gchat.  Not having everyday reminders of her definitely helped in my ability to move on in life but I still haven't 100% let go.  I'm working on it tho.

**TL;DR:  NC may not work and won't make sense in every situation.  Use your best judgment.**  




 Completely agree.  I ask people what they're thinking about and they respond, "Nothing."


I'm like how can you possibly not think about anything?!?!  The concept blows my mind.  Ignorance is bliss. 




 Your relationship wasn't perfect.  Your perception of the relationship was perfect.  These new found developments have shaken your perception of the relationship and you don't want to come to terms with reality.

"When people show you who they really are you should believe them"


I apologize if any of that was harsh.  But to be honest, as a man, I've been on the other side of this.  If you're really a good gf he'll regret it and come crawling right back. 




 Story of my life breh.  Sadly it's a blessing AND a curse.  My over analyzing makes me a great engineer but its terrible in other aspects of life. 




 Calms me down and relaxes me honestly.  Luckily I don't have addictive tendencies. 




 I thought this dude was saying "You're going to die alone." and thought to myself, wow what a depressing track to study to.

But he says "Before I die alone" 




 I haven't seen any online either.  I checked all types of blazers and they were all regular. 
























 Hey... whatever works to keep you in shape.  You'll need to let go of the unhealthy obsession with your ex however.  What if she sees you and doesn't care?  Will it send your whole world crashing down? 




 Give it time...  Or you could forgive her.  Those are pretty much your options. 




 It's not like it was bringing down the quality of this subreddit.  Hell, I don't like Success Kid but I don't complain.

"Asked a girl out.  Found out she likes video games."

It's annoying to me but I believe in free speech. 




 I'm confused.   




 I've done this before. 




 Typo in comic.  Will not fap to this image. 




 And all I see is insecurity 




 Hate to break it to you, but that aint your kid bro. 




 Are there no free public wifi areas around?  That's why my brother does to get his hw done.  Plenty of book stores, coffee shops, etc.  Not to mention the computer lab at the school. 




 Wait, not only are you a grad student in HISTORY but you missed your thesis deadline as well?!?!?


http://replygif.net/i/1049.gif


 




 I like the idea,  but this is dangerous because it could also lead to complacency.  I mean why go for that promotion when the job you have now is enough right? 




 Hey... I know it seems bad but keep pressing on. We've all been there.  Especially with the suicidal thoughts.  But why should you stop living just because of someone else?

Like I said, I KNOW it's hard. I still struggle from time to time. Allow yourself to grieve and don't feel bad about it.  Eventually you'll come out of your slump.  Also, leverage your friends and social network.  Now is the time when they're supposed to be there for you. 




 Well it’s officially been 39 days since we last had correspondence, but who’s counting right?



**HOW IT STARTED:**  After a 7 year relationship we broke up.  I tried to get back with her but she didn’t want to.  I went through emotional hell for a six months with contact between us every few days.  Then I got a girlfriend.  After that we still kept talking.  She expressed being upset that I had a girl.  I dumped my girl hoping to get back with my ex.

Bad move.  After that the NC period increased to weekly then eventually to every two weeks.  After having enough, I told her to stop texting me in July because she didn’t really care about me.  

The NC period has been increasing since then hitting a previous high of 17 days.


**HOW I FEEL NOW:**  I don’t really know how to describe how I feel.  I guess ambivalent is a good word.  I have been fortunate enough to be busy recently so I didn’t notice.  After awhile after the days start piling up it becomes easier.

I wish I could say I had closure and everything was well.  But I don’t.  I have no idea what she’s doing, who’s she’s with, or even if she’s alive for that matter.  As for my own love life, I have the benefit of having numerous attractive women who want to be in my company.  I date one in particular at the moment.  But to be honest I’m scared of getting too attached because of being burned from my last relationship.  

**THOUGHTS ABOUT NC:**  I’m conflicted.  On one hand I do believe that it is in the grieving party’s best interest to cut contact ASAP but on the other hand it’s all situational.  I was with someone for 7 years, it would be impossible for me to just stop talking to her unless what she did was very foul.  But I’m also a results kinda guy, and since none of the talking resulted in us getting back togeter I’d just have rather never talked to her again.  What was the point?

Also, I will say that after 30 days nothing magical happens.  Just an FYI

**ADVICE GOING FORWARD:**  If you’re suffering, I would advise making yourself busy and moving on from you ex.  If you talk, don’t listen to what they say, watch what they do.  I made that mistake and never will again.

I asked a good friend how he moved on from his similar situation and these were his wise words:

 “How did I get over the relationship... I didn't. You're not supposed to - not if it has real history and depth and if you both had long stretches during which you truly felt an unselfish love for each other. I carry that loss with me, and I'm lucky if I make it a full day without thinking about her at least once. We dated for 7 years - that's longer than plenty of marriages. It ended for a lot of reasons, but the primary one is that there came a time when we valued the relationship more than we valued each other - what I mean is that we didn't want to lose the relationship, so we started to hide shit from each other, be dishonest about what we wanted and needed at different times... Also, life is just a bitch sometimes. Timing is a bitch. Circumstance is a bitch.”

Ironically that made me feel better.  He's living his life of course, but he kept it real.

Best of luck to others on this journey of recovery.


**tl;dr**: Was together 7 years, broken up for 2, FINALLY hit the 30 day NC period. 




 I honestly wish more women were like this.

As a man I can tell you that most jobs suck.  You're not missing out on anything. 




 Last time I wore a suit in Vegas I felt overdressed.  But that's just me. 




 I'm a black guy and I hate the term African-American for that very reason. 




 Just being blatantly honest... You did this to yourself by continuing to be her friend and internalizing your feelings. You were better off just being honest  




 Me too. Sometimes I'm having a down moment and this subreddit puts things in perspective  




 Eh, this happens more often than people think. Just don't bring him back an std or get pregnant and pawn the baby off on your husband and I won't judge you.  




 thanks for the suggestion tho! 




 I was hoping for something with a more narrow focus. 




 Eh, that's too rant-like.  I'd like to coalesce with other males who share my issues... not gripe at the world in general. 




 sort of like /r/bigdickproblems  but different. 




 Oh ok. Thanks for the bg info! 




 Being drunk with firearms sounds like a bad combination anyway. 




 I'm sorry but what's the big deal about this? 




 While noble, people have been shot for doing this.  Tread lightly. 




 He clearly says TWO LANE highway though. 




 No!  Don't do it!  What would be the point?  What would you gain?

You're going to completely ruin anything you've gained from going NC if you do it.  From what you've said, it sounds like she gave you a BS reason for breaking up in the first place.

I'm telling you, if you do it you're only going to prolong your torture.  I could see if you guys were still friends but you're not even talking.  I've seen this go bad too many times.  The guys gives his ex a gift while secretly hoping it makes her happy and in the end she feels that the gift is pressure to get back with him and subsequently does something to hurt his feelings.  (whether on purpose or inadvertently)   




 What you're experiencing is normal.  But I have some bad news, it may not change.  The best thing you can do right now is focus on things you can control versus focusing on something you can't (your ex).

It's going to be tough, but hang in there.  You're very young.  I suggest you keep working on yourself and live your life. 




 As a black guy I could do everyone of these tips and it wouldn't matter.  My facial hair grows out like individual curly fries.   




 I agree.  I bought my first house at age 26 and lost $20k when I sold it three years later because I moved to take a promotion.  Luckily my company took half of my loss so it was manageable but I won't buy another house again until I feel I'm completely settled and married.

It makes no sense to own if you're not going to stay in the same spot for at least 5 years.  And I need to be flexible right now. 




 He was walking back to his father's house in that neighborhood.  But your use of the word "wandering" tells us where you stand on this issue.  Regardless, he didn't deserve to die. 




 Your post said nothing about intention.  You mentioned the result of being late as a consequence of traffic.  My point is that if your grandma was in the car and you were in traffic due to a regular accident you're still fucked. 




 A few things sir...

1.  Hispanic is not a race.  There are plenty of white Hispanics.
2.  Hundreds of trials may end the same way but this was the one that THE MEDIA blew up. Nobody has time to keep up with every trial.  Why are you surprised that this one got more outrage than a local case?
3.  There are plenty of protests for black on black crimes.  But once again the media doesn't cover it and posters like yourself aren't going to go look for them.  
4.  I don't know their rhyme or reason.  Honestly, these people stuck in traffic did nothing to Trayvon Martin so I agree with that. 




 What stereotypes would that be?  Oh you mean the one about protesting and blocking highways?  Not sure I've ever heard that one. 




 Wouldn't this still be applicable if traffic was held up for a regular car accident?

I'm not sure I see your point. 




 Walk by the people standing/sitting around watching the game, project your voice and say "Who's got next?"

If no one has it say, "Okay, I got next then."  Then you can also start asking people if they wanna play with you.

If someone has next then ask them if they have 5 people.  If they have a team ask who has next after them.  Wash. Rinse. Repeat 




 I'm in the wrong line of business... 




 I'm at the point now that I can only play simple games that don't require a high learning curve.

I also can't play RPGs because I'll get them started, play for a couple of months, not play them for a year, and try to pick them back up again only to spend an hour going "Where the hell am I supposed to go next?" and get discouraged and turn it off just to play a simple game. 




 Since she has her new boyfriend she already made her choice.

Respectfully tell her not to contact you any more.  It sucks but I know the feeling.

I just recently did this with my ex of 7 years.  It hurts like hell but you gotta have some self-respect at the end of the day and an ex contacting you with no intentions of reconciliation is just being selfish. 




 I know them feels.  *bro hug* 




 There's no right or wrong way to handle this.  You've expressed how you felt and now you can go forward knowing that you tried.

I just wanted to share my story with you.  What happens next and how you handle it will be the key part.  It can be the difference between suffering for the next few months or suffering for the next few years.

The reason that I said I wish I had never broken NC is because although it would have hurt, I would have eventually gotten over it and began the healing process much earlier.  Like I said, I'm better now but it's been two years since the breakup.  I should have moved on by now.

I wish the very best for you in the future.  




 I'm no expert but I've went through exactly what you did and while it feels good in the short term, that pain is waiting right around the corner.

Ultimately, contacting your ex doesn't lead to any answers.  Over time this will frustrate you even more.  Even if she did respond, unless it is to get back together you're still back where you started.

Breakups are probably one of the most complicated things a person will ever have to go through in life.  Things that make sense in normal situations make zero sense in a breakup.  I broke NC several times after being with someone for 7 years.  I eventually told myself that we could just be friends, but here I am 2 years later wishing that I NEVER broke NC.  Why?  Because nothing has changed.  I'm much better than I was before but I didn't get that closure I was seeking.  She never came back, even when I had that "Eureka!" moment similar to yourself. 




 Yeah, this looks safe. 




 Lies. 




 I don't agree with this tone.  The person comes off bitter and hateful.

How does this person know they will be around for the downfall?  What if it never happens?  Will they be miserable forever?

A better mentality is wishing the best for yourself instead of wishing the worst for someone else.  It is necessary to move on. 




 What's so awesome about this outfit? 




 Why don't they ever list the inseams as part of the sizes? 




 Really?  It's kind of late to be applying to the top schools when classes start in a few months.  I would think you would have applied by now and known your fate. 
























  we tell the race baiters and the white guilt crowd to sit down. Segregating people and creating different rules by the color of their skin has never in the history of mankind produced a favorable result.

Read this:  http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1plkvj/risky_question_why_is_black_face_as_part_of_a/cd3kxjh


It's the best explanation I've read on it.  I'm sorry you don't agree and want to ignore history but the fact remains that it isn't so simple. 




 After seeing the picture, I personally don't think it's a big deal, but I won't speak for the rest of my race (i'm black).  I think a large part of the issue is that it is a slippery slope and the last thing black people want is for someone to keep pushing the envelope until you wind up with full-on black face. 




 Just because you don't agree with it and it isn't relevant to you doesn't mean that it is not extremely offensive to a group of people.  We're not as far removed from our racist past as you think.  The Civil Rights movement was only 50 years ago. 




 Look up the history of "black face" and minstrel shows and you'll understand why.  There isn't any history for dressing up in "white face" that is associated bigotry and racial intolerance. 




 Does this actually work?  I used to do it when I was bored in class but it seemed like you needed a good 20,000 hours to build permanence. 




 Never been.  My gf thinks we should order these trolley tours ahead of time to save money.

Weekend trip.  My goal is to see all the landmarks I can and get a feel for the city nightlife. 









 Wow that sucks... but hey, that's the risk you take being a bartender right? 




 Proof? 




 I was in the same boat and went to a top engineering school. Make sure your degree has value. Now I'm living a great life and inspiring others in my family to do the same. I'm never going back to the hood!  




 Reason #1 I got off anti-depressants.   




 Can link us to the exact model?  I'm thinking about getting something similar but there are a lot of options. 




 I don't get his answer.

¯\_(⊙︿⊙)_/¯ 




 Oops.  Good point! 




 So blunt yet so true.   I do kind of chuckle when I see all these posts from people under 25 lamenting about losing the love of their lives.  But then I realize they have limited perspective and it's all they know.   




 Fool me once.... well you know the rest.  Sorry to hear that.  At least she told you before you moved down there. 




 Why'd you guys break up?  Who dumped who?

On the surface it seems like she's trying to have her cake and eat it too.  She enjoys the comfort and familiarity you bring but doesn't want to commit.  Tread carefully because she could keep you around until she finds someone else and then kick you to the curb for good. 




 First major breakup?  Sorry to hear that.  Here's a bro hug.

It's tough, I know how you feel.  I've been there.

Use this time for self-reflection and ask yourself why this girl has defined your life.  

I'll share this quote from /u/Granite-M

 Nothing you say can touch the other person, because she has already taken herself out of the relationship and will not allow herself to be moved or empathetically affected by what you say. Her need to maintain a sense of goodness and righteousness, and her intolerance for feeling guilty and vulnerable, makes such a person unavailable for a genuine and authentic exchange. **Nothing you can do or say will ever really reach her.**
 




 This. 




 The trouble with "love" as portrayed in Western society is that it is not this 24/7 feeling of bliss most people think it is.  Most of the time you really like that person.  Other times the feeling isn't as strong.

The problem with chasing that feeling, especially for a girl your age, is that you could end up worse off than you are now.  I've known girls who have perpetually chased this feeling and are now in their mid-30s and full of regret.  They wished that they'd stayed with their "boring" ex.

But don't get me wrong, if the feeling isn't there don't force it and settle.  Just understand the risk.

EDIT:  Replace girl with guy.  Advice still applies.  




 Normal feelings... No matter which way you go you ARE going to wonder what would have happened if you did the alternative.  I was in a similar situation, here's my advice.

1.  If you leave, then you will be very sad and miss her.  Even if things weren't perfect, as human beings we get accustomed to companionship.  Unless you've completely checked out mentally it will be very hard to walk away and not feel absolutely miserable.

2.  If you stay, then you will continue to feel like you do now.  Every now and then it will go away but there will be times where you continue to question if she's "the one."  The pressure will continue to mount until you get married.

PRO TIP:  There's no such thing as the one.  So let go of that concept.

Ultimately, the decision is up to you.  I wound up leaving my girl.  I regret it but I also know we would have eventually broken up anyway.    Good luck with whatever you decide to do.  8 years is a long time to throw away.  But if you can't see it working out then you know what you have to do. 




 I'm afraid this is going to happen to my ex gf.  She's doing a science based pHd and was supposed to be done by now.  Her graduation date keeps getting pushed back. It ultimately led to the termination of our relationship. 




 As a part-time sociopath I want to say that I respect your husband's diligence and you should definitely be worried.  He's probably not dangerous but definitely hiding something.  




 I'm sure winning the Slam Dunk contest has made his life somewhat different.  No? 




 My name is unique but I've always wondered how life would be I were a "John Smith" or "Michael Johnson" 




 LOL.  What the hell?  Should I feel proud or scared? 




 How automatic transmissions work.  No matter how much I read about it, it still seems like magic. 




 Wow, I've never seen the full version of this gif until now. 




 So you boycotted an entire organization because you don't like a player who coincidentally paid his debt to society AND who ironically does more for animal rights now than most people.

Gotcha.   




 Unfortunately the only answer is time.  To make the process go easier you should definitely keep your mind occupied.  The only thing to speed up the process is if you meet another girl who is better than your ex in every way (makes it easier to get over her).

No Contact is up to you.  I personally think it's good to get your mind straight but I disagree with it as a "one size fits all" solution to breakups.  Just know that it doesn't answer anything and you will still think about her from time to time. 




 I dumped her and felt like shit for 6 months.  I was juggling the guilt of her feelings combined with my issues of co-dependency.  It was a very tough winter.

But it was the most mature decision I've ever made and we're both better off for it.  I felt relieved because I no longer had to live a lie and I was being honest with myself for once.  But let me be clear, it was NOT easy.  




 Am I the only one who sees the [TROLL](http://whitsblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Troll_Face.png) face in this pic?   




 I'm lost.  how did nobody find out you let him go? 




 Let's be honest, you don't want to dump her because YOU don't want to feel bad.  The rest is BS.  And this is coming from someone who has been in your exact position before. 




 This x1000.  This meme reads like the OP is not in touch with the reality of his own marriage.

What she did was wrong but the wording in the meme lends me to believe OP missed some signs.  I could be wrong however. 




 I really doubt she was happily married if she had an affair.  I'm just saying. 




 Wow.  Powerful posting.  I may steal this and put it on my Facebook wall.  




 Thanks for sharing this.  I liked it so much I didn't mind taking the survey afterwards. 




 some of us don't want sound.  the last thing I need at work is for these gifs to have sound. 




 No one here will be able to tell you. There are a lot of factors that go into getting accepted. The fact that you're a female and have a high GMAT score bodes well for you though  




 Makes sense. It blows my mind that some of these MBA programs accept folks right out of college anyway. Having work experience will make you a better manager as well 




 I keep telling myself that if I had a greater purpose or something to really worry about (like a kid) then I wouldn't get so caught up in my depressed feelings.  I feel like I'd be more focused as well.

But then I feel like it might actually get worse because I know depressed people with kids. Any thoughts? 




 They'll still lose.  The country's demographics are changing and the last two elections prove it.  People like the ones in your family will either continue to vote for the losing candidate, not vote at all, or get angry enough to elicit change on their preferred side. 




 This.  That's the only problem I have with this mantra.  You need to have some level of concern for your future.  Obviously you don't need to obsess over it, but you can't live life not thinking about your future at all.
 




 I guffawed. 




 Thanks.  The omission of this little detail is what had me confused. 




 All you CAN do is give it time.  Everything else is out of your control. I truly started feeling better when I let go of the need to control everything.  But keep in mind that it took two years.  So I know it's not easy.  I'm still worried about having a breakdown any day but so far so good! 




 It has been on my spirit recently to share some words with you all.

As some of you know, I have been on a journey of heartbreak and recovery for two years now.  I have tried just about every method out there and even purchased some e-books from so-called relationship gurus about *“How to win your ex back”*.  (I admit, I am ashamed of this)

I have done it all.  I’ve tried NC.  I’ve broken NC.  Being friends, not being friends.  You name it.

Here’s the conclusion I’ve come to:


**THERE’S NO FORMULA FOR HANDLING A BREAKUP!**



Wait let me repeat that with slightly better diction….

**THERE IS NO FORMULA FOR HANDLING A BREAKUP!**


Case in point.  Last night, my ex of 7 years texted me wanting to catch up.  We were at a period of about 50 days no contact.  I asked all my close friends what I should do an ultimately settled on talking to her under one condition:  I would express how I felt.

You see, I haven’t been honest with myself.  I’ve been very passive aggressive.  I’ve sat and let all the hurt and pain stew in my heart.  I did this because I believed that I was hurting her as well (this is true).  I did it hoping deep down that maybe she’d realize the error of her ways, call me up, and want to get back together.

In reality this doesn’t work.  The main reason being that nobody has ever wanted to be with another person due to guilt.

But onto the phone call… It started pretty innocently.  We chatted about TV shows before she asked me how my anxiety was going.  I took this opportunity to express how I felt.  I told her that she hurt me and had been continuing to hurt me with her actions.  I gave concrete examples.  She started crying, offered no explanation, and merely said she was sorry.

This launched us into a debate about the past that I did not want to get into.  I merely wanted to talk about actions that happened post breakup, not shit that happened 5 years ago.  Nonetheless, it happened.  And as usual, no consensus was formed.

At the end of it all, tears were shed on both sides.  I did not get the answers I was seeking, and I will admit that it hurt.  BUT I was able to get my emotions off my chest and I was able to realize that the person I had been holding these conflicting feelings against was human.

Most importantly I realized that I needed to let it go.  I needed to forgive her.  I needed to forgive myself… and I needed to move on.  No more games, no more tactics from relationship gurus.  Just an honest conversation between two people who shared some great times and some bad times for 7 years.  

In summary,  I know I broke a lot of rules… But I don’t care.  This was something I had to do for ME.  A lot of times people do things hoping to make the other person mad or jealous.  That’s not the way to go.  There’s no formula to this thing.  Be honest with yourself and who you are and start from there.  Come to terms with the fact that you may not get the desired outcome.  Come to terms with the fact that the other person may not be thinking of you.  Let go of that need inside you to control your outcome.  And if all else fails, chalk it up as a learning experience and live life.  You owe it to yourself.

Even with everything I said above, depending on your situation, it may not apply.  That’s the point of this post.  No one can tell you how to handle your situation.  Everybody is different.  Personally, me and my ex ended due to factors outside our control.  The fact that there was no “major incident” is what kept me holding on.

***
TLDR:  Each situation is different and there is no “one size fits all” solution to a break up.  If you need guidance, start by respecting and loving yourself. 




 sauce? 




 Be happy.  She taught you the necessity of pretending to do work.  It pays off later in life. 
























 I'm an engineer too and you need to wait at least 3 years before applying.  In the meantime get your GPA and target respectable companies so when you apply you'll have some good experience on your side. 




 Scumbag brain bro.  That's why. 




 Can anybody vouch for this cashmere v-neck sweater?

says its 100% 




 And yet white people still win at these award shows.  So what's your problem? 




 White people are allowed to watch BET.  White people have also won numerous Soul Train Awards as well.

Not sure what the issue is. 




 Get tested again in a few months.  Sometimes it takes awhile for dat herp to manifest. 




 Exactly.  My heart jumped a bit when I saw Duke was mentioned... because they're on my short list.  I don't want to go to a school with an online program for the reasons you listed. 




 While I agree with you on the merits of an online MBA, I don't think it carries a separate designation on your resume.  It'd simply say "MBA from School X".  

The only other thing is that you may not have access to the same career services as the full time people, but even some of the top online MBAs are changing that and using it as another selling point for their program.

This is also why I wasn't interested in UNC's program.  Because they're spending too much time focusing on the online degree and I feel it would water down my full time degree if I was a student there.

The thing you miss out on most as someone getting an online MBA is the networking and relationships.  But if you're not switching careers then it may not be a big deal. 




 This seems more like an opinion than advice.  




 Who is actually complaining about this?  Plenty of people in retail work holidays. 




 These are selfish thoughts... but you're human and it's natural.  Don't feel too bad.

I've turned down girls and been a little upset when they moved on.  It makes absolutely no sense but I chalk it up to being human. 




 Well at least you're handling it well.  I'm impressed by your perspective on the situation.  Most guys would just go crazy and kill both parties or something.   




 Ah, good point.  I can just buy the shirt with 17 1/2, 36-37 and just have it tailored around my chest.

Thanks.  I'll look in the phone book and start with one shirt and see how it goes. 




 How'd you go about finding a tailor?  Also, I have really long arms, do you advise sizing for my arms but having a tailor adjust the fit around my chest and stomach for proper fit? 




 Nothing lasts forever... NOTHING. That may be the toughest thing to accept in life. 




 I wholeheartedly agree.  I've went through something similar and eventually just learned that I will have some good days and some bad days, but life goes on.  There is no magical moment when you just up and stop feeling emotions for someone you had a deep connection with for years.  It doesn't work like that.  But you get *better*... and that's all that really matters.  Once I stopped searching for that feeling of completely being over it my life improved. 




 I think Priscilla is better cohesive effort but there are a couple of songs on here I like more than any one song on Priscilla. 




 I think you should change the name to Looktastic.  Lookastic sounds weird when I say it out loud.  Otherwise, I like it.  Also, how do you sign up?  I wanted to see where to buy some of the clothes. 




 Can somebody help me understand the purpose of the light box?  Is it mostly for still shots of small inanimate objects? 




 Locals keep laughing at me when I say I want to get snow tires.  They say I just need to get used to driving in the snow.  Are snow tires really worth it?  They're expensive. 




 Georgia. 









 You should kick your groomsman out of the party.  He's being an asshole. 




 There's nothing THAT bad about this honestly.  Why chase a real relationship if you don't want one?  You are who you are.  As long as it's not affecting your job and you're not hurting anyone... what's the big deal? 




 I'm curious as to how you did it without photoshop.  If you don't mind sharing, please do.  Thanks. 




 Did you get rid of the pine comb in Lightroom too?
 




 Could it be?  The rare unpopular opinion makes an appearance. 




 Of all the things I've seen on this site, I somehow don't believe this.   




 Beat me to it... I was gonna say, "Now go ahead and delete your Reddit account and truly be a badass" 




 You think a female would be safe in some of these situations? 




 He really is.  I'm just glad I got put onto him.  You should check out his shows, dude is a great performer as well and since he's indy he's approachable too.  I chopped it up with him for about 20 mins after a show he had in Minneapolis.  Told him to keep making the music and his time will come.

Some of the songs like "Walk Away" and "Fool" should easily be the backdrop for a somber scene in a movie. 




 YESSSS!!!!  I pre-ordered the vinyl.  Bumping the digital download heavy today.

What's the best place to discuss this kind of music?  I'm not even sure what genre it is 




 I'm close friends with a family that have a 2 year old who has Down's Syndrome.  His siblings are 24 and 14.  It makes me sad when I realize the burden that will be placed on their shoulders when he gets older. 




 Aint nobody got time fo' dat 




 I just can't imagine it being around in the 1800's.  Does anybody know? 




 Ah yes, encourage your coworkers to gamble. 




 This saddens me.  I already work for a giant corporation now and was hoping to work at Google in the near future.  I'm like you, the money doesn't even matter any more.  I'd hate to leave one situation for another one just like it. 




 Why in the world would one twin smoke and not the other?  That's what I want to know. 




 I think the key thing to remember is that happiness is not something you achieve and it lasts forever.  Good times, like bad times often come and go.  So I'm still fighting the good fight.

As far as steps I've taken to combat depression:

* Exercise
* Forcing myself to get out of the house and my comfort zone
* Traveling  (helps a lot if you can afford it)
* Journaling daily. Writing a journal helps me keep things in perspective.  There are days when I thought I was having the worst day in my life and it turned out okay.

Best of luck with your battle with depression. 




 Mainly weight gain, loss of sexual desire, and the fact that it didn't fix anything.  I had more suicidal thoughts when I was on the medication.  I would go out at night in bad neighborhoods because I had no fear of dying.


What changed it all for me was going on a weeklong cruise where I forgot my meds.  At that point I realized I didn't need them and I needed to spend more time working on the root cause of my depression.  [Which is still a work in progress btw]  But I've been off meds for at least 3 years now. 




 Having been in a similar situation, it's not looking good for the future of you two.  I don't understand why you guys are still talking and sleeping with each other if she doesn't want to be with you?

Sounds like she's just keeping you around until she makes up her mind.  There is a chance she may want to get back with you but there's also a possibility she won't.  And if she doesn't, you're going to be in some serious pain.

It seems you two need to leave each other alone for awhile and give it a legitimate break.  

Also, you're not acting like yourself.  All this begging and pleading is probably not attractive.  Sure there are some things you need to fix, but you need to do it in a manly way.  Work on yourself in the meantime but don't make it about her.  Do it for you.   




 I commend you in your battle.  Quick question, how do you know its SAD?  I've long suspected I suffer from the same thing but I can't tell if it's just regular depression.  What's the key differentiator?  I know gloomy weather makes everyone feel down so I'm not sure.


And yes whatever you do stay away from anti-depressants.  Worst decision I ever made that led to me quitting cold turkey against my doctor's orders.
 




 Is it possible to have one and not the other?  They're treated with the same medications.  I just visit both subreddits, depending on how i feel at the time. 




 Not sure how you get them but here's the list:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:LGBT-related_television_channels

Logo is probably the most well known one. 




 Also, stay close with your family and boyfriend.  My ex was in a similar situation as you and it drove us apart.  If you guys love each other it's only going to get harder to find someone you have that history and connection with. 




 3 years?  Fuck... I'm sitting at 2 and hoping it gets better.  *sigh* 




 OMG.  I actually was thinking about making a similar post as I sat alone on a Friday night. 




 How do I know I'm not really in a strait jacket in some mental institution right now and all my thoughts... my life... this website and everyone on it is just a figment of my imagination? 




 What?  I've posted that link once.  And I'm not even white!  You got the wrong person. 




 My favorite response to this is the following:

As a straight black man, I have no problems with television channels catered towards gays or women.  You will never hear me say, "Why can't they have a straight television network?" Because it's silly when I'm in the majority.   
























 I know we all circle jerk in here about the benefits but what are some of the downsides.

In my experience...

-increased aggression
-Higher chance of making questionable decisions with women

^^ what I mean is that sometimes I fap and it saves me from calling up a chick that I would later regret sleeping with.
 




 Me too.  I've always thought that nofap was extreme.  But then again I have a high sex drive so if you put a good looking female in front of me I'm going to have no problems getting aroused for her.

I think the people who really need help and need to withdraw a bit are the teens who masturbate like 5 times a day.  That's just crazy.  I might go a few times a week if that. 




 So do you think it's smart to just buy a laptop with a touchscreen and Windows 8 (assuming the price is the same) then?

I've just heard a lot of bad things about Windows 8... how it was a failure and MS sees it like it saw Vista.  HP's recent announcement that they're going back to Windows 7 on some of their new models had me worried as well.

I'm also hoping these touchscreens aren't a gimmick.  I want my laptop to last a while. 




 I guess the main thing is that I'm not looking for a touchscreen computer.  Rather than pay extra for that, I'm looking to buy older and upgrade to today's specs. If possible. 




 I have no interest in Windows 8 at the moment.  I might as well get an older laptop that I can upgrade the hd and RAM on then.

Would prefer portability and battery life over everything else.   




 **LAPTOP QUESTIONNAIRE**
 
* Country of purchase:  USA
 
* Budget range:  $1200
 
* Purpose (netbook, ultraportable, mainstream, gaming, desktop replacement, etc.):
Portable... mostly for school, with a lot of time working in libraries and airports
 
* Screen size preference:  13.3"  (15" is too big to work on in a plane)
 
* OS preference (Windows/ Mac/ Linux):  Windows 7
 
* Gaming requirements (example games and desired fps/settings):  None
 
* Performance requirements (video, CAD, etc.):  None
 
* Method of computer support (office supplier, college bookstore, self support):  self
 
* Brand preferences and reasons (already owned accessories, familiarity, business
compatibility):  None.  But I want a quality manufacturer
 
* Any particular style that you like (examples are great):  Slim and sleek like an ultrabook
 
* Which of the following qualities would you prefer? (Choose one, the other, or balanced)
 
* Long battery life -vs- Low weight:  Battery life
 
* Build quality -vs- Low price:  Quality
 
* Low noise/heat -vs- High performance:  Low noise
 
**Would you pay a premium for something that has:**
 
* High resolution screen: No
 
* A great keyboard:  Yes
 
* A great touchpad/mouse buttons: Yes
 
* Great audio:  No
 
**List any features that are critical:** (e.g. Optical drive, USB 3.0, SD card slot, ethernet port, HDMI port, bluetooth, VGA port, removable battery, glossy screen, matte screen, etc.)
Preferably SSD 




 This requires Quinn to be amazingly competent and doesn't fit with his characterization from earlier in the series.  Nice story though. 




 I notice he uses at some crime scenes and not at others. Where can I find more info about the yarn and it's purpose as well? 




 I'm gonna try this.  Enjoy the gold! 




 I don't hate you at all. I made this post for feedback and insight from others.  Thanks you for your kind words.  They weren't harsh at all. 




 lol. Actually this is effective. 




  if she gives vague answers 

Vague answers are all I've ever gotten.  :(

Thanks for the advice. I'll be fine.  I'm certain. 




 Yeah, I used to have the same gripe.  Especially when he was staking out the Mexican gang and literally parked in front of their house.  But then I realized it would be a horrible camera angle to show Dexter 3 blocks away.   




 So you're telling me that there's a higher chance of a Vince Masouka in Miami than a Dexter Morgan??

http://www.lolwut.com/layout/lolwut.jpg 




  is there anything i should be aware of heading into everyone's least favorite season?

lolwut?  Just watch it.  Only thing you need to be aware of (and it seems you already are) is that the quality is so-so.  So temper your expectations. 




 Thanks! 




 We were together for over 5 years and long distance plus trust issues put the nail in the coffin.  Honestly the reasons don't even matter at this point.  I've typed essays about it on the internet before.

I have employed a pretty decent post-breakup strategy over the years.  I hope I didn't give the impression that I'm sulking around everyday depressed about this. lol.  Today was just that random moment where it REALLY gets to me.  It happens about once every two months.   




 I've considered therapy.  How do you go about finding a good one?

We were together for 6 years.  Have had on/off communication over the last two years.  If I knew for a fact reconciliation wasn't a possibility, I would easily get over it.  The problem is that she keeps dangling hope out there.  Like I said, most of the time I'm completely fine.  But today was a down moment. 




 I honestly wouldn't wish this pain on anybody.  I have my good days and my bad days.  Trust me, my good days far outweigh the bad... But here I am at 7AM on a Sunday, awaken from 4 hours of sleep after a night of partying and a dream about her.

It was so real, but alas we are not back together.  We haven't even talked in awhile.  I really hate my scumbag brain.


---   
**tl;dr:  It's two paragraphs cmon!  If that's still too much just read the title. 




 Nobody ever replies in there. 




 The newer smartphones have incredible battery life.  I went from having to charge my phone every 6 hours to once a day.  I love it. 




 Try to find balance OP.  Remember, you can't get that time with your kids back later. 




 Why would you girl want to see this? Seems like a red flag 




 Well to be fair he did shake Roddy White's hand after he was cooked for a TD in last year's playoffs.  I get why people don't like Sherman, but to me he just seems like a trash talker who can also take it if need be.  Unfortunately, there haven't been too many opportunities where people have shut him up ON the field. 




 Just bought them.  Thanks. 




 Just curious. I've been binge watching on Netflix and my brother said to stop watching after season 4.  I just watched the first episode of season 5.  Should I quit now and save myself future anger and headaches?

 




 Congrats but sounds like you replaced one addiction with another. 




 I need to see more! 




 I'm watching Dexter on Xbox 360 and it does it for me.  I noticed it the other night. 




 Thanks for this breakdown.  I think I had a different view of what I perceived to be a sociopath.  Someone who simply isn't driven by the emotions most people feel.  This could lead them to commit crimes or just go about their lives never feeling connected to anybody.

But reading these comments has taught me a lot about both sociopaths (which I agree are not accurately defined) and stoics. 




 I don't think all sociopaths harm others.

 so·ci·o·path
 ˈsōsēōˌpaTH/
 
 1. a person with a personality disorder manifesting itself in extreme antisocial attitudes and behavior and a lack of conscience.

I could imagine some sociopaths simply not caring about the world around them yet not going out of their way to harm others as well. 




 I wasn't even trolling tho.  I thought about it while watching Dexter.  I have now been educated thanks to asking the question and creating this thread. 




 They both seem to be emotionally detached from the events around them and accept things for what they are. 




 Nice.  I wouldn't change anything honestly. 




 Ooh... I like the second one. 




 I always feel obligated to say, "No problem." or "It's cool." so I don't seem petty.  But what should I say if I don't forgive the person? 




 75% of these replies are from non-teachers. 




 I live in the US and so does he. 




 Nice, too bad I'm not in the UK! 




 Why is there a plethora of cats failing at jumping?  Is this a thing? 




 I gotta save this.  I actually busted out laughing. 




 The feelings you're feeling right now are temporary.  This is purely your internal battle with your ego.  You've already admitted that you didn't really want him and the new girl is better.

If you met someone tomorrow to absolve your jealousy/loneliness I promise you wouldn't care about this anymore.   




 But what if you don't have a mission?  




 As someone who has had to work a job where I stood up on my feet all day, I don't think standing is that good for you either.

I was in more pain then than I am now. 




 Semi-related... What about stuff like Red vs. Blue?  They sold dvds and made money using Bungie's game and engine. 




 A pic with your eyes covered would probably help you get the best feedback possible. 




 /r/nonmonogamy/ 




 Good idea.  She has a bunch of Penzey's spices in her house already.  Maybe a gift card so I don't buy something she already has? 









 I disagree that the 25th ranked school and 75th are the same.  Cmon now.  I'd rather do online or part-time at a top 25 school than full-time at #75 
























