 i love that one! i've read it so many times! Have you read NoEnd House? thats another one that i find equally well written 




 I'll look into it! 




 that sounds really creepy? The only two Stephen King books i have read are The Dome and The Stand. But this one sounds interesting! 




 that's a great question! i really think it depends on the crime, criminals age, current mental state, etc. 




 its a haunted video game pasta, its alright, not terrifying by any means 




 thank you! i look forward to reading it :D 




 about to read it right now! 




 what is it about? 




 i've read squidward suicide and i find it really disturbing. could you send me a link to Ted the Caver? i havent read that one 




 that makes sense. I dont like to pull out the "self harm" card because i dont want to come off as unstable or attention seeking. I like to focus more on why and what is causing my depression as i know it has led to my self harm and anxiety 














 i'm so sorry that happened to you, stay strong :) 




 pray? are you personally religious? 




 that's a great idea, how can we get them to see this? 




 care to elaborate? 




 that must have sucked, at least she was discreet? 




 fair explanation. Do you think there is a way to differentiate teens from adults in this subreddit? 




 This used to happen to me a lot when i was full-out addicted to self harm and was trying to stop. I felt like i wasnt me without cutting. I've been clean for about a month now and i still get random urges to cut "for old times sake" its truly something difficult that we have to deal with 




 I was in a summer production of "Chicago" and at rehearsal i was very overwhelmed. I went back into the dressing room and used a hanger to cut two thin lines on my wrist. Once I calmed down a bit and had paper towel wrapped around my wrist, a girl from the cast walked in. She gasped as she saw the blood-stained towel around my wrist. I tried to call out and stop her but she was gone. She ended up telling everyone in the cast and i was taken out of the show, as well as hospitalized for a week for "unstable behavior" what kinds of stories do you have? 




 fair enough, i only ask because its hard to explain where my depression came from and why i have it. People always assume i'm "exaggerating" 




 i can feel the same way, one moment i'm leveled and calm, and the next i feel like curling up on the ground and not talking to anyone. Its very hard for me to get out of these situations, if its possible to remove myself i always do. It's whats best in that situation 









 I completely understand how you feel  




 thank you! I unfortunately reside in high school, so when i have my attacks within school its very hard for people to know what is going on. My teachers handle it very well, but you can't expect every person in your school to be mature and respectful towards you, you know? 




 I always feel guilty about what i do when i'm in the middle of an attack. When people try to help i always flinch away  terrified, like a wounded animal. Days later i have this lingering guilt and paranoia about what that person thinks of me now that they've seen me act this way. This only brings on more anxiety. Anyone else? 




 it just interest me, this whole subreddit interest me a lot, somethings (like this) may be a little too much for me, but many other posts i thoroughly enjoy 




 I'm aware now, curiosity got the best of me, can you blame me? 




 I wish i had a cat or dog to help me, as i know they are proven to help people with depression, but its not something that is available to me 




 This is really well done, i spent an hour or two getting through it, ive ended up exactly where i am right now. It makes me feel a little better knowing that it's all "normal"

(P.S a little part of me got attached to the kitten in the story, i think ill have to get myself one) 




 i dont know what to feel, i stumbled across this and i am a mere 14 years old. im shaking....most things dont faze me either but this....i cant even think right now.. 




 BAD VIBES BAD VIBES 









 i personally loved Toy Story 3, it was a tear-jerker for me! 









 I like my coffee like i like my women,

without a dick 




 hide and seek with you friends someone abandoned  




 i was aloud to sleep over at boys houses all my life. As long as i said i wasn't "dating" said boy i had no restrictions on where i went and where i slept. You can see how my young immature self took advantage of that 




 awks 




 I thought that "God" was always watching so i showered with shorts and a tank top on until i was probably 10.  




 no matter where you are, who you are, or what you do, there is always someone who hates your guts. 




 I wanted to be a pirate princess warrior from space

im still working out the kinks but i def working on it
 




 it really grinds my gears when i fuck bitches and dont get money 




 i do! it is that of a mouse :) 




 lets spread self love and confidence. 

i love my eyes and my sneeze! 




 my ability to help others work through their problems. 









 There are tons of amazing stories on this thread, and it kind of makes me feel a little boring. I spent my last day on my roof listening to The Strokes.  I had taken enough pills to (what i thought) end me, and i just relaxed. though suicide is not a light subject, i do admit what was supposed to be my  last day was very peaceful.  




 you could menstruate with lipstick. 
























 It all depends on the day for me, some days i think they show that i am strong and how brave i am for living my life with them. other days i just find them repulsive. 




 drink. 




 Thank you! It's not really appreciated where I go to school, where uggs and northfaces prevail over everything  




 Thank you very much!  I'm flattered :D 




 No problem :) 




 you fool, just your style and your body type makes me smile. not to be creepy or anything, i just think youre attractive 




 When i'm feeling punk rock: http://imgur.com/KE2FuXnsolbBoW34AGDoL#1

When i'm feeling indie 
http://imgur.com/KE2FuXnsolbBoW34AGDoL#2

A night out: 
http://imgur.com/KE2FuXnsolbBoW34AGDoL#0 




 youre beautiful O___o 




 that's just terrible, kids are so mean. I wish more people understood what cutting means and how its just as bad as someone with a broken arm. you should care that theyre injured. not taunt them 




 i am on fluxotine as well! i only take 10mgs a day, and it has little to no effect on me 




 I am on non addictive medications which I believe is the best for young adults. So many kids are abusing pills that it isn't safe. Of course many non addictive medications aren't as strong as their addictive relatives, which sometimes poses a problem 




 That's a good point. We are becoming more self aware of mental illnesses. I've also noticed it becoming a "trend" in young teens. Could anyone attest to the same?  




 I love that show! I'm doing that this summer along with The Little Mermaid and Young Frankenstien 




 I'm so sorry, adults sometimes don't react like they should  




 i guess i have a lot of questions; let me start out with how you feel about young adults being put on anti-depressants, and how social media affects young adults with mental disorders. you can PM me if you wish 




 Sorry! i guess i misinterpreted what you said! i just dont like upseting people :) 




 i wish they would have just ignored mine? what show were you in? 




 can you tell me your opinion how why it is more common for young adults in america to have mental illnesses than it was in the past? 




 Thank you so much! 




 I'm so sorry :/ 




 the look of disappointment hurts me the most 




 No problem :) 




 That's fair enough, judging based on the story should be the best fit  




 you dont sound mean at all! i've been doing plenty of research and was just wondering if anyone is this sub would like to be apart of it.  




 As my title said, I have a paper for class that i have chosen to do my paper on. I want to understand why depression and other mental disorders are showing up more and more recently in high school/ college students. Any help would be greatly appreciated.  




 you really should. They work for YOU and only YOU. if you tell them that you want to keep it confidential and are open and willing to talk about it with her/him than he/she must not tell anyone by law. I've tried keeping things from  my therapist but i found its much better for both of us if i just tell her 




 sorry, no need to be sassy. i just didnt want to mess it up :( 




 im so sorry your mother has reacted this way, do you have a therapist? my mother was crazy until i had someone talk to her and explain the right and wrong ways for her to act around me 




 exactly. its ridiculous that she enjoys hurting your feelings. I'm glad you have people in your family who support your feelings  




 why? i'm 14 years old, was diagnosed with depression at age 11. My family has a long line of depression running through the family, I've witnessed my cousins suicide, ive attempted suicide, i'm on medication and making final adjustments on those meds, and im a recovering self-harmer. why couldnt you take me seriously just because of my age? 




 hold on to him, try to find other sources of help (i.e therapist, friends, realatives) because nothing lasts forever. (not trying to be morbid, i just want to help you)  




 aha, even though i've been a redditor for over a year now, i'm still lacking a lot of knowledge of how things work. I'cm not exactly sure how to approach it/ where to contact them/ etc. 




 Should we suggest to the mods that we get some? 




 :D thank you, it means a lot 




 I have another story i'd like to share, when i was in 8th grade i had fallen asleep in English class while we were watching a movie. A few boys who sat near me thought it would be really funny if they took red pen/marker and drew lines all over my wrists and legs. I woke up to bouts of laughter from the people around me and as i looked down i saw crimson lines everywhere, I ran out of the room and went to the bathroom, once i realized they were just marker i began to wash them off. By this time one of the councilors had heard of what happened and came in to help me wash off. As we were cleaning she said "i cant seem to get this one off!" i turns out she was trying to rub off one of my actual cuts and i had to explain to her that i self harmed. I didnt get into any trouble, but it was truly the most embarrassing time of my life  




 any time, i'm here for anybody and everybody 




 exactly. your beliefs are yours and no one should dictate you on what you think.  




 tangents are fine! Its rough when people assume i try to "kill myself" or "cut" for attention because i'm the exact opposite. I'm in theater so when we are changing of course you're going to see some old scars. That's not me trying to cry for attention, that's me trying to live with the mistakes i've inflicted onto my body. I've been ridiculed countless times about my view on how i live with old scars. I see them as something i cant change and i refuse to be worried about them. They are there and if you see them its nothing you should need to worry about. 

i went off on a tangent as well, oops! 




 i've been in therapy for a year or so, and we're slowly figuring out what it is, this helps when i have to explain it to people 




 I'm so sorry that happened to you. From what i've read i feel that your boyfriend cares a lot about you, I'm glad you have that in your life. He could help you immensely.  




 I've read it so many times! I think its absolutely fantastic 




 that's absolutely terrible. Try to remember that she isnt the only opinion in the world, she could say the worst things, but i promise there is someone out there who is saying that exact opposite of you :D 




 Understandable, tons of people go through this. I am an open atheist in my house but my parents aren't very religious. Just remember you are in control of YOU and no one can dictate what you believe in 




 that could work, i dont know how to use flair, but if someone could explain it i'd be happy to do it! 




 thank you so much, it was a dark time in my life, but i've grown from it 




 that has to suck. I get really angry when people try to tell me praying or god is the answer. I usually yell back! 




 thats terrible, i cant believe someone would do that as a joke! And thank you, i'm a lot better now, it was almost a year ago, i'm attempting to recover 




 im so sorry that happened to you, 




 she shouldnt act like that. How does she think that will help you? public humiliation isnt the way to go 
























 Any tips for while I'm in school besides breathing? Also no recreational drug use? 




 Thanks ill try this! 




 I'll go and listen to it sometime!  




 a lot of people my age are really into imagine dragons, i havent really heard them but im going to Lollapalooza this year and theyre playing. i might check them out! 




 Passion Pit- Little Secrets  




 No way! so am i! I saw icona pop open for Passion Pit a few months back and i fell in love instantly. Not usually my genre but its so good! 




 thats a new way to look at it! I'm honestly more concerned about my health rather than the humiliation part of it, I'm a vocalist and performer so having to constantly throw up its the best for me 




 thanks for the tip! i'll try it 




 Icona Pop!!! 




 I have a therapist and she has explained that it's natural and that i should try not to let things get me anxious. easier said than done.... 




 While i'm at school i have this problem of getting really high anxiety over something and having to leave class and vomit for 10 or so minutes. It only happened rarely at first but it has slowly gotten to about 2 or 3 times a week. Anyone have (or had) a similar problem? It's very difficult to deal with and i'd like it to stop 




 fuck you 




 getting colder! 




 sorry kid, try again 




 asssssshoooolllleeee 




 dont be an asshole  









 Thank you, with a new life comes new problems, but I wouldn't go back to where I was for anything in the world  




 exactly, i switched schools and im in a much better situation 




 thank you so much! 




 That must be heartbreaking, I'm sorry  




 My god, thank you so much.  




 thank you! 




 PM me if you think theyre something i need to keep in mind or specific things pertaining to a certain sentence/paragraph. overall comments can be on the thread 




 yes it is an I Search paper! i dont understand the point of doing that vs a research paper but you know, i do what i have to 




 you can do either. and i am fully aware that we cant use I in normal research papers. This one it set up differently ( i dont know why this is just how she assigned it) the first two paragraphs (what i know and what i want to know) can use i you us etc. as well as the last paragraph 




 new link! 




 sorry! ill try and fix it 




 I wrote a paper on how mental illnesses affect teenagers and i would love if i could get feedback/criticism before i turn it in

Thank you so much for your help!



Here is the link:
http://www.writing.com/main/view_item/item_id/1924397-Isearch-Paper


Edit:I think i fixed the link  




 that truly terrible 




 10/10 




 Oh god.... 




 The fuck? 




 Well gross  




 I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS 




 Lovely :D 




 I switched schools thankfully  




 Man fuck you and your fairly tale life 




 Guess my ironic sense of humor doesn't bode well with you  




 Perfectly awkward  




 PIMP! 




 get it where you can amirite? 




 sounds lovely :D 




 golden 




 it sounds like a middle school experience!!! how old were you 




 awks 




 being a teenager it goes without saying that mine was incredibly awkward. what was yours like? 




 sleeping :D 




 I'm really into tattered combat boots 
























 same 




 lol wut 




 Good! I hope it stays that way for both of you :) 




 i got them at Hot Topic back in 2009 




 no problem. maybe taking a break will be best for both of you. I am glad i could help :D 




 only if you get caught. im just messing with you. its something you should experience once in  your lifetime at least 




 there you go :) i like helping people come to this realization. i had the exact same problem 




 you should. i found that if you try and force them to change it only makes yourself come of as overbearing and selfish. You cant critisize  your friends boyfriend because even though you may be right, you're coming off as jealous and trying to get her away so you can have her. even though those are not your intentions 




 the freshman life is tough, love iseven more difficult 




 lot of things are illegal. doesnt mean they're bad

cigarettes are legal and those are fucking lethal. 

marijuana is something that is gaining more respect in the mainstream lately. soon enough, by the time we actually get employed, we wont have to be drug tested.  it will be as common as a cigarette smoker 




 cool, my guy friend and are are both 15. So are you freshman? 




 try to not talk about things that are so heavy. dwelling on the bad is only going to make both of you worse. you may not like her boyfriend, but it is her choice and you dont have a right to make judgement. tone down on that and find ways to help her. you arent selfish you just want whats best for her. but you have to let her make her own choices 




 dont worry about it, it can be a positive influence on you. you have to just try it.  




 how old are you and your friend? just curious to see if this gets better or worse with age 




 don't get yourself down, you bring joy into her life. thats all you could ask for 




 thats gotta be a little awks. i was friends with my guy friend's past girlfriend, i was respectful to them because you shouldnt put people in a situation like that. im glad that she has the message 




 lol piss on her. she'll get the message 




 i feel you, do you know that she likes you? 




 i feel ya, i have clinical depression and severe anxiety,  my emotions were getting the best of me to the point where i had to be hospitalize over what i like to call a broke heart 




 how so? 




 i wish i had the courage. 




 thats a great point. i think our friendship is more important than  the risk of losing him to awkwardness 




 wow that was really interesting! seeing that helped me realize what type of relationship i have with my friend. we dont talk about feelings. we just hang out 




 im glad you guys were able to talk through it, its really mature to acknowledge feelings and try to figure them out and move past them 




 my situation seems like that, only the opposite. I feel that way. we've been friends for about 5 years now and i only recently discovered my feelings for him (the beginning of high school helped me figure it out) but i dont have the knowledge of whether he ever did like me and i didnt see it or if his feelings are purely platonic 




 I'm worried that our friendship will end/ not be the same. i care about him too much to not have him in my life over something silly like unrequited love 




 it seems to be a reoccurring thing, having a best friend of the opposite gender and falling for them, why do you think that is? 




 i seem to have the opposite problem, i am a girl who has a guy best friend, i fell in love with him and i just can't read him well enough to figure out if he does or has ever felt the same. 




 i'd love to. dont have a skype though, we could email? IM maybe? im old fashion but i'd love to help 




 do any of you have girl best friends? how to you think of them? I have a best guy friend who i can never seem to understand sometimes. What to boys usually feel about a girl like that?

EDIT: thanks for all the comments! i love talking to all of you! upvote for visibility? i fell like this could help give answers to a lot of people, not karma whoring i promise 




 well... 

https://mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com/attachment/u/0/?ui=2ik=4d9a44be73view=attth=13ee3efddb85fabaattid=0.1disp=inlinerealattid=166124773f121f4f_0.1safe=1zwsaduie=AG9B_P9-9z6MwW3bT61ZRlyDsEXbsadet=1369623797726sads=rBnQy83WtIOmngcbDLX6CIj-6VYsadssc=1 




 find a friend who does, hang out and smoke with them. let them teach you the ropes. dont worry about feeling lame when you smoke. if you aint choking you aint smoking :) 




 panic at the disco
passion pit
icona pop
the shins
fall out boy :D 




 Time to  relllaaxx 




 it feels fucking good man 




 drugs 




 i really enjoy makeup, i dont put much effort into it, simple mascara and powder. I like using makeup to enhance your features, not hiding your flaws. you feel me? 




 for the record, i am going with 2 other people (15-18) and don't have tons of extra cash to spend. Thanks for any help! 




 no problem! i hope you're able to sell them! 




 one of my favorites! 




 damn, it looks like i cant afford the tickets. I am going to Lollapalooza this year also and have put most of my money into that 




 how much are you selling for?
 




 an excellent point  




 Skins is also a good show. Episodes are very short so you arent bored and i find them enteratining 




 Sherlock is amazing 




 Supernatural!  




 I cant choose, most of Pretty Odd is so poetic and wonderful. Ryan was a beautiful writer; not saying Brendon isnt but ryan just had a way with words 




 Good idea! I'll look for them  




 Thanks for letting me know, I'm a casual smoker usually only at parties  
























 i didnt think it was 




 im going in a group of three and really want to meet new people, i am going all three days

EDIT: if someone wants to make a thread or a page for us to talk/plan meetups that would be awesome! 




 oh shoot! is that a rule here? 









 I will thank you,  




 what price? 




 no problem! I got a few offers around my area 




 thanks for the advice! 




 Serbia Film is the most disturbing one ive seen 




 i vomited after watching it, and im not easily disturbed 




 damn, im from michigan so its a little difficult. should i look for someone in my state to get it from? im only r/concerttickets is that any more reliable than craigslist? 




 invisible monsters is beautiful 




 they made us read this in my 8th grade class, terribly morbid for 13 year olds 




 i live a good 4 or 5 hours away, what is the best method of getting the tickets through craigslist  




 Thank you, I will check it out, is it reliable?  




 (reasonably priced, ill really take any offer) 




 thats good enough for me. thank you, 




 complications happened and i no longer have mine. help would be appreciated 




 I'm from Michigan! You couldnt mail it to someone? especially someone as close as michigan? i'm in dire need of a wristband 




 i watched. i cried. i vomited. but... i conquered.  




 wow, i totally get this. i always seem to make dumb decision that are really influenced by my anxiety 




 i am also 15 and lurk on this subreddit! i've been seeing a therapist for anxiety for over a year. PM me we can talk! 









 am i too late? id like to buy
 




 Dust?  




 no problem! its been about 24 hours since i smoked and ive just been sleeping and lying in bed all day. I asked the guy i smoked with how he was doing and he said it was amazing for him. He smokes a ton everyday so i feel i cant really compare myself to him. It might be fair to mention that i took my anti-anxiety/depression pill right after i smoked because i have to take it at night. i take lexapro, just info if anyone knows if this contributes 




 thanks! you might has misunderstood as i have smoked alot before. i started in january and really usually just sit on the computer or talk to my friends when i'm high. I never really know what strain i'm smoking because where i live it doesnt really matter. that's what concerns me the most, is WHAT i was smoking seeing as it wasnt like the other times. 




 my friends we sober, they hadnt smoked anything. It is bad if it was laced? 




 so im a fairly new smoker and have never really gotten to high when i smoked with friends. Last night i smoked out of a gravity bong with some guys and then went home with my 2 best friends. almost immediately i knew something was weird throughout the night i would start sobbing uncontrollably, shaking and being unresponsive to my friends. they said everything i said made absolutely no sense at all. When i woke up this morning i remembered very little from last night. can anyone explain to me what happened? 




 two of my friends are over but i just want to end it. I cant think or breathe. i need help

EDIT: thank you for the messages, i woke up this morning and cannot remember much from last night except for shaking and crying, i just logged on to see your messages on a post i dont remember making.i just wanted to say thanks 




 god, my friends love die antwoord, they listen to them all the time, i think its horrible and creepy!! 




 Great game! those damn crows are freaky 




 it's just giving me a lot of anxiety 




 i wouldnt deny it. im gald i did because it made me 100% sure of my sexuality but people can be mean 




 3333 




 i dont want the reputation its going to give me 




 oh god youre so right how can i ever make up for my tomfoolery?  




 you can suck my dick for starters 




 im not a lesbian.  




 Me and my friend's realtionship is fine, but im worried my mother will find out, (she works closely with the summer program that all my school kids are in) 




 the girl who is telling everyone is doing it specifically to hurt me. how do i deal with her? 




 sorry i wasnt asking the opinion of an immature nerdy dweeb  




 way to be an asshole you self righteous prick xx 




 So here's the story, my best friend and i are both quirky strange people who are really affectionate to eachother. we hold hands in the hallway and hug; though we both know that its purely platonic. We're both girls. One night while she was staying the night we were both really horny and decided to make out. After we were done we both laughed it off and said it sucked, and everything was back to normal with us. We're both straight. BUT someone found out and told everyone that we made out, everyone knows and i dont know what to do about it. I'm more embarassed than upset but i dont want to be labeled "that girl" any advice on what to do?

TLDR: i made out with my best friend of the same gender. there are no awkward feelings towards eachother. everyone knows now. what do we do now? 









 youre from Michigan!?! so am i! 




 i was really rooting for Hitler there 




 ICONA POP 




 thats really lovely :) 
























 Reignwolf was amazing, never heard of him before lolla last year (I was waiting for MK) but he's a truly amazing performer  




 Fall out boy is touring over the summer with Paramore, I think they're in Texas around the lolla dates, so I think it's unlikely, though id love to dream they'd be there  




 Panic would be amazing to see at Lolla. They've only gone once  




 I'm underage so it's a little difficult to get a supply of alcohol let alone enough to get drunk  




 Is it still asexual if I really really really feel sexual attraction though?  




 Thank you so much, could you explain what some of the sexual dysfunctions are? PM me or comment it doesn't matter  




 That is definitely something ill have to try? Do you suggest doing it myself or waiting until I'm with my SO 




 Very, very, VERY well  




 Not that I know of, the only think I could think of it accidentally watching someone give birth on a health channel when I was 4 or 5, I don't remember it, but my parents said I cried for weeks. I still never want to have babies  




 No, I guess it hasn't been such a relevant part of my life until now, im in my first sexual relationship so I guess the problem has never arose  




 I don't know one is fine and one makes me pass out  




 I have a therapist that I have been seeing for a few years now, (mainly for anxiety and depression) do you think she could be able to help? 




 Everyone I know uses some kind of drug. From coke to caffeine. I don't  know If it's a small town thing, but here drugs is an everyday occerance  




 Arctic Monkeys, their new album is brilliant  




 It is very much being afraid of something inside of me, I am not freaked out by my gf at all, but when I put a finger inside I get really nauseous. It's very weird and hard to understand.  




 Honestly, I never think I've gotten far enough in to be painful  




 I had to stop reading this AMA to masturbate  on pornhub. Thanks for the great AMA  




 From Michigan, it's sweeping high schools everywhere up here, it's hella crazy  




 Omg type of soup she was using. I imagine someone pours soup into their vagina!!!! But thank you, my girlfriend has mentioned that she has sensitive skin,  




 Omg type of soup she was using. I imagine someone pours soup into their vagina  




 She says it doesn't bother her but I can suggest it, maybe she'll like that better 




 i am shaved. it could just be irritation i havent really payed attention.  




 ive been taking lexapro for about4 months now and have noticed a little weight gain, but not a drastic weight gain. have you asked your doctor? 




 thank you so much for taking the time to write this out! i as of right now identify with the whole "Who the fuck cares" because i mean ive had a boy, ive had a girl, i guess ill see where i takes me! 




 I am 15 and know i have a long time to figure myself out. I am in no rush to identify myself sexually. Growing up i just assumed i was straight. i was attracted to boys and as i grew up and puberty hit, i definitely looked a boys a different way than girls. I've had two boyfriends and have had very fulfilling relationships with them. I had never really questioned my sexuality. As i entered high school i met a girl and we quickly became very close as friends. Throughout our relationship something has happened to where we have a FWB type thing going on. We make out with each other all the time and really have an emotional attachment to each other. I've been noticing how sexually interested i am in her as well as romantically which has been very confusing for me. This is the first girl i have looked this way and though we could get into all the details about our relationship and my confusion (she is also "straight") i just want to know if this is common in the bisexual world or if anything is possible. Thanks for the help! 




 FUCKING NOPE 









 So i am a recovering self harmer, i was really addicted to cutting when i was 13-14 and have been doing very well with recovery...so far, but, i have made a friend who i have become very close to in the past year who is currently self harming. I thought i was completely recovered but seeing her cuts talking to her about it is extremely triggering for me. i had a feeling she was cutting so i texted her and she said everything was fine. i asked her if she was lying and she said yes. i immediately went to the razor and cut again...for the first time in a year. I love her to death, she's my best friend...but i dont want to go back to self harm. what should i do? 




 reignwolf and The Drowners! 




 So funny  




 Shut up and have faith that some people Aren't creeps :)  




 The tri cities. Bay city to be specific.  




 if youre down to hang out with teens i dont have a problem! 




 Awesome! I'm 16 but would love to meet up! I'll make a new thread soon so we can have a group 




 We should all make flags. I'll post mine once it's finished  




 3 




 Lol supa creep 




 Gotcha, I'll remember  




 We should have a big meetup  




 How old are you?  




 girl 




 almost 16! 




 michigan! 




 yep! 




 awesome! how old are you? 




 a mix. The Cure it headlining this year, its alot of well known as well as obsucure bands 




 i'm super excited for alt-j and icona pop, but the big ones like Phoenix and Steve Aoki are going to incredible  




 awesome! you going all 3 days? 




 its a 3 day music festival in Chicago. its pretty amazing 





























 She gets this certain tone of voice when she's trying to be cute and it's absolutely adorable. Works on me 100% of the time  




 Thank you so much! I ended up getting Tarte Amazon Clay foundation, Smashbox primer, and NYX matte setting spray! I hope it looks nice, I'll be testing it tomorrow to see what it looks like throughout the day  




 I ended up getting Tarte foundation with Smashbox primer and NYX matte setting spray! Got rice papers just in case, but i think there won't be a speck of shine on my face with all that! 




 As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation.
Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess 
Skin type: very oily and acne prone. 
Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life 
Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am, 
Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable 
Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it 
Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online)
Thanks guys! 




 As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation. 

Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess

Skin type: very oily and acne prone. 

Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life

Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am, 

Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable

Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i  learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it
Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online)

Thanks guys! 




 There's a form!? I'll look for it and  edit my post right now! 




 TIYBOB 

This just so happens to be my 200th comment so yay me! 

I am in love with the super purple one. I am in desperate  need of a color like that! I love that there has been so many give aways on this sub! 




  I really like it! I'm not sure if it has as much coverage as I'd like but when I'm not completely covered in blemishes I really like how light it is! 




 I just tested it and realized there's glitter!? What the heck? I bought the bb cream so maybe I'll return it after i put it ok with a full face. Any suggestions of alternative foundations? 




 NYX Jumbo Eye Pencil in Milk 
Eco Tools starter brush set and mineral powder set 
Revlon Photo Ready Airbrush foundation in vanilla, BB cream in fair, and Concealer in fair 
NYX Butter lipstick in Mary Jane and Little Susie  









 I love the little heart tattoo! 




 Thank you! I love it! 




 Oh stahp :) I'll try to follow the rules next time  




 That makes total sense! thanks for telling me! It won't happen again, :) 




 I'm sorry! I'm a mobile only user so I cannot see any of the rules . I had no idea. My previous post was hidden for for questions if it had a subjects name in it, so I thought it'd submit something else, I did not realize it was a violation. Thank you for notifying me though. May i ask why that's a rule in this sub? 




 Better than what I could ever do! Thank you so much! 




 This is hilarious! Thank you so much!! 




 Adorable! Thank you! 




 This is precious!  Thank you so much! 









 No, it's not a name of one of the subjects, it's the association that held the event where we took the picture  









 143 




 I have bare minerals mineral veil, does that count? Should I bring a powder in my purse to reapply periodically throughout the day? 




 Face washes, moisturizers,  or any makeup would help. My face gets super shiny around 11am (only a couple of hours after I put my makeup on). And I want to find a product that can prevent that. 

Edit: I'm oily and acne prone if that helps  




 My mother had this and I once put it on my lips and wore it around the house because I thought it was some cool shade of lipstick! 









 Sleep paralysis  




 Hit it and quit it. That's the best way to get experience  




 I'm also 15, and currently in a long term relationship with a woman. I guess you could say I found my girlfriend by pure luck, but I think letting your sexuality be known (though scary) will help attract interested people. I completely understand what you mean by practice. I think young love is something you need to experience. Just because it's "young love" doesn't make the feelings any less valid. A ton of people are being condescending on this thread, and I think it's completely unhelpful. Go out and get to know the other lesbians at you school (if any) make friendship, and see where those lead you! Good luck!  




 I loose weight dramatically when I regularly smoke weed. I was about 125-130 when I was smoking a few times a week, but now that I've stopped completely I'm more like 150. I don't know why, but it's still a dramatic shift in weight  




 My SO has PTSD towards all types drugs, (though it's mostly marijuana) and so whenever I mention or insinuate anything that has to do with drugs she gets really incredibly upset. (Needless to say I've stopped my drug habit) 




 I'm almost sure it isn't an infection, because both me and my girlfriend are clean. "Diaper Rash" as silly as it sounds could definitely be it.  




 Could you explain why? I don't really think it's something that needs to be taken to a doctor  




 Obviously the fax machine  









 I'd have to disagree, I guess it depends where you're from and what lesbians you've met. It's very hard to tell where I'm from, people around here don't treat it as something special,  




 Bay City is present!  




 My teacher was like 60 too,  I literally stealing from the elderly  




 I stole money from my teacher for a gram. Probably the most shameful thing I've done  




 Story of my life  



















 Now that's pure Michigan  




 This is an amazing setlist, I wish far too young to die was on it but I'm so excited to see nearly witches and nicotine. Can't wait to see them on the 26th 




 I though Matt and Kim 2013 was amazing, I've never had more fun in a crowd, but The Postal Service set was on a whole other level  of astounding  
























 http://i.imgur.com/mFEd4rB.jpg 

This is no makeup, Id love any suggestions! But I'm definitely looking for a pretty wearable brown lip
 




 Absolutely love a few of their songs! 




 I'm being Mary Poppins! Any ideas? 




 Not that I recall, they're LE and I will admit I wasn't paying much attention, anyone know if they're the same price?  




 I absolutely love it! I'm not one who normally wears nudes or mlbb shades but I absolutely love this!  




 I hope they do, it is honestly much better, it's...less cheap looking? 




 I wish they would switch it! I like it a lot this way  




 I'm sorry my old packaging example is scratched up, but I picked up sweet cream last night and I was surprised that the packaging was different! It's blacker, and sleeker, I really like it! The cap to the lipstick hasn't changed at all, but overall im happy they changed it!  









 Heh, multiple orgasms 




 I'm pretty sure I have 10+ lipsticks just for putting my lip of the day in my purse and forgetting to take it out!' 




 Everyone's got a different type  




 Oh, I didn't understand why you were jugs saying "no"  




 I'm actually a little underweight, I have a very round face which could probably make someone think I'm chubby  




 Nope!  I just found this subreddit today! 




 To each their own! 




 Cutie pie 100000000000/10 I love you  




 Haha thanks! I was in a play,  




 Thank you! :) 




 Here are some more recent pictures I'm interested in what you have to say! 

http://imgur.com/Z1iiVZW
http://imgur.com/IDXji1P
http://imgur.com/8Me63hO
http://imgur.com/Qjj3gVl
 




 Why? 




 Here are some pictures, I tried to get a range of different styles or whatever 

http://imgur.com/4iHkhSJ
http://imgur.com/Z1iiVZW
http://imgur.com/IDXji1P
http://imgur.com/8Me63hO
http://imgur.com/Qjj3gVl
 




 I can't see the rules on mobile, I saw that there was a 16 year old on the front page so I assumed it wasn't just 18+. Just thought this would be a fun experience. Sorry that made you feel like you had to be sassy  









 Thanks! 




 Thanks for the advice! 




 Rant: all the Ulta stores within my immediate area (about a 3 city radius) are completely disgusting when it comes to their displays and testers. I recently went to try and look for a nice black lipstick (to no avail unfortunately) but was dumbfounded by the mess that was specifically the NYX and Benefit areas 

Rave: my new 24 Hour Color Tattoo in tough as taupe. I'm still trying to get a hold of creamy contour. But I absolutely love it so far!  




 I don't think I've ever heard that song and NOT cried  




 No they posted on their Instagram at it's July 31-August 2 




 Please let this be true  




 Already seen 2 people caught smoking pot and it was confiscated, and it's not even 4 on the first day! 




 I'm new to makeup! Id love to try all those products since I don't own any of them, and always have wanted to but I mean... A teen girl doesn't make enough money for all that   :((( I would love it if you picked me!  




 I live by central so I SHOULD be going there, but I go Glenn because of their theater program  




 Definitely, the homeless people seemed to spike in the past two or three years and now they're everywhere, the polish festival is going on right now and they're just wandering around it piss drunk. The city is getting more dangerous at night. But other than that the downtown area is super cute! 




 Hell yeah, I don't think I've been there yet and not seen a homeless man sleeping on it  




 An hour away from Ann Arbor here in Bay City! 




 She was the most obnoxious, loud mouthed, inconsiderate girl I had ever met,  we've been dating a year  




 Tri-city area in Michigan, maybe he reads reddit and just stole it, because I mean what are the odds that this thread is on the front page of r/askreddit AND the town radio host happens to share stories about bad break-ups that include getting a membership to the KKK  




 Dude I just heard my local radio guy that happened to him on air, this better be the same fucking guy  




 What does it mean? 




 I'd rather be a little slow and safe than aggressive and reckless when it comes to driving  









 That sucks! I wish it would have worked out better for you :( it's annoying know that no matter how many people tell you a foundation is great, every person's skin is different and we all need different things. I wish there was just one mega-foundation that worked for everything! 




 Thanks for the clarification!!  




 Could I be mistaken and thinking of photo ready instead if colorstay? 




 Are you sure you used the Whipped ? 




 I like to refer to myself as "cancer patient pale" if that give you any idea. The two lightest shades are very pale, one with yellow undertones and one with pink, I use the pink undertoned one which would be the "second lightest" but I think it is very pale, if you can I would try it on in stores but I don't think you'd be dissapointed! 




 Rave: Tarte Amazon Clay 12 hour Foundation. I have an unbelievably oily face and this is the only foundation I've discovered that's able to control it. It is my exact shade and doesn't make me break out, plus I can't even feel it when it's on my face. Truly the best item of makeup I own to date. 

Rant: Revlon colorstay whipped. It's got glitter in it??????? Who wants glittery foundation!?  




 Product List 

NYX Mosaic Blush 
Random Brown Eyeshadow  
























