 D: That poor dog...I'm so happy someone rescued it. 47% down vote...Really?! 




 This is where Pixar animators laugh because they are so sneaky. Mwahaha 




 I don't think anyone understands the amount of excitement I have right now. And for goodness sake, who on earth would down vote this??? 




 my band teacher's go to joke. 




 My band teacher's go to joke.  




 Sorry bro...I wish you the best of luck.. 




 It's beautiful!! You're a lucky person.. 




 Not the most attractive expression for her...but she's still pretty. 




 You know what they say about big dogs...? Short life spans. 




 Hey look! Its the babysitter from a Disney movie!  




 That guy wishes he was in a fish bowl.  




 Many interwebs for you.  




 That is freaking nasty. Ew. However, its the little ones that'll kill you.  




 Go get 'em tiger.  




 Really clever. But no. 




 I'm 18 (fresh out of high school) and have never smoked weed or consumed alcohol. And as a girl, I have also never dyed my hair or gone "fake" tanning. I mean come on, the sun isn't broken! 




 She has huge racks..of lamb.  




 Agreed. I took a first look and was utterly overwhelmed. It was a lot to take in and I wanted to walk away from it at first, but was coerced by my friends try again...and here I am..damn peer pressure. 









 D'awww. Can I have one? Along with one of these? http://helablog.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/slow_loris_umbrella.jpg  




 The Louvre!..a bit of a hike to see it...but it's beautiful. 




 Have you ever dealt with children who have had to take responsibility for their depressed parents?  
























 Reddit, I have noticed more and more that old people just CAN'T DRIVE!! Even my dad is becoming a horrible driver. He drives through stop signs and is generally reckless and my grandma doesn't know how to maintain a steady speed, braking constantly for no reason. What are your stories about old people driving? Do you think they should retake a drivers test?  




 I imagine cat people are a little more introverted and therefore, go on the internet (and post about their cats), whereas dog people are more socially active and go out instead of go on the internet.  




 I don't think her experience would make it less special for you. I had a similar experience with my current boyfriend who had never kissed anyone, but i had. When you're in the moment, those things don't matter that much.  




 A first kiss is very special, especially with someone you care about, but it could turn out awkward if you don't quite know what you're doing. Practice makes perfect.  




 I grew up with a single mom. She was an alcoholic and I am an only child. By the time I was 12, I had learned how to forge her signature, pay bills, do groceries, clean the house, do laundry, wash dishes, make dinner, and be a nurse. Who needs parents anyway...?  




 Society has a serious problem. 




 THIS! On to the Legend of Korra?? 




 I am happy to report that I am still with the person I first had sex with. No regrets 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3Mt2E1M6dUandfeature=related  




 Wow dude. Sorry, but I cannot muster up any sympathy for you.  




 I think the heart makes it obvious enough 




 She might have been testing you. It was manipulative, but I think she may have wanted to see if she could trust you.  




 Do you know what the music is from? I recognize it, but the name escapes me.  




 I don't get. 




 My mom died when I was 14 years old. She was an alcoholic and prescription drug addict. And I'm sure everyone has heard "Your Mama" jokes. I realized early on that my tragedy was not going to change what people say and that they won't understand what it's like to have a dead mother. All the time people say "Your Mama" jokes and even my friends sometimes forget that my mom died and they will say them to my face. What helps me is to realize that people are stupid and they won't change. When they do say the joke to my face, I wait until they are done and then, with a smile on my face, I remind them that I don't have a mother. Almost every time the person will feel guilty and say sorry and the jokes are over for the day. I don't have a problem with the jokes, I just feel like the honesty will remind them in the future to be more aware of their audience and I think it works. It's worth a try in your case. It's kind of like seeing the funny side and saying something at the same time.  




 In all seriousness, I think http://www.themaidofhonorguide.com/ will help you get started.  




 YES YES YES http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyqUj3PGHv4    




 *arrangement, spell-fail. unless they want an arraignment for having a creepy foot fetish 




 Well, I can say from experience that the mother probably has had a huge influence in how your daughter feels. I lived with my mom for most of my life. My mom hated my dad too and I grew up thinking I should hate him. I learned later that a lot of things my mom said to me were only half-truths. I don't know the whole story with you, but the mom could have something to do with it and your daughter is a teenager now. You rarely see her, so she can easily use you as a target for her anger. Teens are nasty sometimes.
Is there anyway you could collaborate with your daughter's mother to work something out? It seems like you aren't on good terms with her, but in the interest of your daughter, maybe something can be worked out.  




 This has a resemblance to the island depicted in Harry Potter. 




 ostentatious  




 It does seem rather silly. 
























 Those geodes are awesome!! I catalogue fossils at school, and we have nothing like that... 




 felix-means lucky 




 I have a picture of myself as a baby, wrapped in a yellow blanket. I looked like a melon with a head. Hence, train_subject8771.  




 I see your point about Agravaine. He needs to go if Arthur is going to succeed. 
However, what I dislike about him is that he acts like a leech. He doesn't act independently and needs Morgana to tell him what to do to get his own revenge. If he was a real villain, he would act on his own accord and not on someone else's. 
And you know that once he is exposed, he's just gonna run away like a coward.  




 This episode made me optimistic about Arthur's progression. His outpouring of emotion seemed genuine and I hope that he will uphold his word in future episodes.  









 I agree with you on the snow and rain thing. It's amazing what a little precipitation can do. All of a sudden it's like "OMG!! THERE'S RAIN/SNOW ON MY WINDSHIELD! I NEED TO DRIVE LIKE A MORON NOW!" My dad was one of the smart parents who taught me how to drive in both.  




 Personally, I think it means loving someone more than yourself and knowing that they feel the same way and they'll do anything to see you happy.  




 No. It sounds like devotion. Good for you.  




 I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully you will find someone else who will appreciate you more.  









 I'll keep that in mind.  




 There are lots of unmarried couples who have kids and live together, with every intention of staying together. And there are lots of parents who are married with kids that get divorced anyway. That's why I'm questioning the purpose of the institution of marriage.  




 Just one question then. Why were you engaged for so long? Were you still unsure? 




 I like that. I hadn't thought of it that way before.  




 These days, people get married all the time and then get divorced. The divorce rate is astonishing. What's the point in getting married anymore? Do you think there is any meaning left in the promises of marriage? 




 Girl Genius! That was the first comic I started with. It's very well done. I also like the V for Vendetta suggestion. http://www.girlgeniusonline.com/  




 You make a valid point. There are a lot of people on the road who shouldn't be.  




 I can make a clover with my tongue.  




 Wow. That's crazy! I've never heard of that. In Pennsylvania, licenses last four years.  




 Hahaha..Different sides of the family.  




 Nice one. You would be correct. I am a teenager, but I've been driving for 2 years.  
























 Put me down, human! 




 Did anyone think of Katara when she said, "If you're man enough"?! 




 It seems like Lightening bending is a lot more common. In episode 3, wasn't that what Mako was doing in the powerplant? What do you guys think? 









 Secret Tunnellllll! Secret Tunnellllll!....fuck 




 What about Suki?? 




 Anyone know how he could possibly be alive? He'd be well into his 2nd century if he was friends with Monk Gyatso... 




 While she does "lack of restraint", I think her airbending training with Tenzin will help her flesh out her moral values. Airbending is more spiritual in nature, so maybe her core values will be shown as she advances with Tenzin.  




 Um, lets not forget Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill). He voiced Fire Lord Ozai. Mind fuck? 




 You know, that would freakin' awesome! I want that to happen now!  




 It is on a lot of things, but it was clearly brought to attention when the car was shown. For that reason, I think it may have more significance than just being tradition.  




 This may have been mentioned, but I think we're gonna be seeing Aang again in the Spirit World. This makes me super happy and if we don't see him, I will not be having a good time.  




 The image is from season two. I was just wondering if Mako, a firebender, is somehow related to Zuko and by extension, Iroh's son.  




 http://sot.ag/NjcyMjgw/  




 Actually no. I was thinking of Doc and Shew. haha 




 18  




 Hmmm..this reminds me of someone... 




 For mac. Shift+volume keys gets rid of the obnoxious bleep 




 Anyone notice the person in the background? 




 Fuzzy wuzzy was a bear.
Fuzzy wuzzy had no hair.
Fuzzy wuzzy ...had cancer?    




 Put on Spike: Star Wars marathon. 




 If you knew you were going to die from a terminal illness, who would you want to meet knowing it would be your last chance?     
























 Good eye! It's probably not a coincidence either. 




 I think aquamarine would do well also.  




 Boodles, Noodlin? I especially like Noodlin.  




 Indeed he isn't. But still, that's gross..haha 









 The clothes look really good. Nice job! 



















 [bending origins](http://www.fanfiction.net/s/3952682/1/Spirals_Beginning) this is a story that had an interesting idea to the origin of airbenders. There was a post here a few days ago 









 Since in the original series there was a representative from each bending discipline, do you think Jinora might join the group at some point? So far, we have three, all we need is an airbender. Right? 




 So you would learn martial arts, but it would be disguised as bending. Excellent! 




 Anyone love Ikki's response to Tarlock..always count on little kids to give an indicator of whether or not they're good. He seems like a scumbag 




 I have to agree with you. I think this is the case because we followed Zuko's progression as much as Aang's, but 1)Zuko went through more change personally which made him more appealing towards the end, maybe? 2) We all knew Aang would fight the Firelord; that was never a doubt. However, Zuko's fight with Azula was more uncertain throughout the series since Zuko's loyalties were in question all the time. So, it was more surprising I think when it came right down to it when it was time to fight her (not to mention satisfying to see her get her ass beat - the crazy bitch...). 3) Last thing is the personal aspect. They were brother and sister. They knew each other and had a connection through their shared past (twisted yes), but Aang and Ozai were not personally invested in their fight (yes, Aang probably was, but Ozai definitely was not).  




 It wouldn't be the first time he was accused of being magical 









 NOPE. NOPE NOPE NOPE.  




 tearbending... 




 I think it is well established that Korra has negative traits thus far. I read some interviews with the creators and they said that Korra was made to be quite flawed. Obviously this will lead to some serious character development. But to answer your question I think her positive qualities are determination and passion for the safety of her friends and the preservation of bending, and her best friend is her polarbear dog..that's gotta count for something, right? While she may be going about things the wrong way right now (three episodes in), I think she has good intentions and will find the right path.  




 We know that Sokka lost his sword in the final battle, but in Sokka's Master, he didn't use the whole meteorite when he made his sword, so he could have made another...right? Just speculation 




 poor unfortunate soul... 





























 And suddenly I really want mac and cheese... 




 Oh my god....i don't have words...what just happened? 




 Team avatar is back! Water, Earth, Fire and Glove!! 




 I want!! 




 That is so cool! I wish my cat had eyes like those beauties.  




 I like his...blow torch. 




 D'awwww! It's so cute, I'm gonna die! 




 "Fan" club..haha i see what you did there... 




 Look to your right under "spoilers" 




 Seriously? the shipping is getting out of hand... 




 abc family? 









 I feel like the most likely outcome in this season is that Korra loses her bending. i know nobody wants that to happen, but I think if this happens she will be able to get more in touch with her spiritual side. I think it was mentioned in a post somewhere that [Amon closes a chakra in order to prevent a person from bending](/spoiler). If Korra is able to get in touch with her spiritual side, she could unlock it and then kick his butt.  




 "you gotta get him for me..."  




 It's the game on nick.com that gives an interactive tour of Republic City 




 I think having to wait two weeks for the new episode is unnecessarily depressing... 




 [Tell me it's not true!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdk262sZ4oc)  




 Agreed. I mean how can you say no to that face? 




 Cept it's at the bottom of Lake Laogai... 




 OHHHH SHIT LIN! YOU BEND THAT METAL!  




 This totally happened to me cept I was about to take a Latin final and I mentioned briefly that I spend a lot of time on the avatar sub-reddit...A girl in my class got real excited then. Her eyes got wide and her gasp could have been heard a mile away. It was hilarious and we then proceeded to geek away about Avatar. Good times.  
























 I read somewhere that he's a marathon runner.  




 My mom wrapped me in a yellow blanket when I was a baby and I looked like a melon. 




 Get yourself to a hospital.  




 You have the coolest dorm poster ever. You'll instantly know who your friends are.  




 That is a mighty large creature you got there. 




 He's the new shumanitutonka ob wachi! 




 You have a point, but I think the way it was presented showed that he knew what was going to happen.  









 That would be awesome, but if the past is a lesson, I'm not counting on it :/ 




 Does anyone know where to find the music from the latest episode?  




 I tearbended so hard. The feels were too much for me... 




 I completely understand that feeling. 




 Imma girl... 




 Went to BestBuy the other day, just to look around really. I went to the entertainment center and of course, what would be playing on one of the 50" screens, but a certain unnamed movie. Only one thing could be done...I turned off the TV and left.  




 It makes me sad that yet another thing is tainted with his name.  




 certainly do. 




 I'm in the suburbs too. Northwest of the city. Ever heard of Ambler? 




 Yea! Same here! 




 Pennsylvania here 




 Why do I feel like he's gonna be the new Zuko? 




 I never noticed Lin unlocking the handcuffs! Wow..that's cool. Hmm, I'd to say the whole secret tunnel thing under Sato's mansion. I couldn't help but love the connection to the TLA secret tunnel. In the same seen, when Mako and Bolin tie up the guard, I thought it was great how Bolin just nonchalantly moved his leg to earthbend to make the guard stumble over.  




 wait..are those tornados? damn! 
























 Jaw hits the floor. 




 Does your cat also fly or airbend?  









 I love my hair. It's perfectly straight and voluminous and I don't get bed-head.  




 Dem THIGHS! 




 This sounds exactly like someone I know... 




 This is not WTF. More like /r/pics 




 Hipster cat. 




 The one thing that stuck out to me...the misspelling of "making". 




 With skills and butt-loads of spare time, I imagine. 




 here's the link: [http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/vb084/a_dragon_sculpture_i_made_out_of_cd_shards/](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/vb084/a_dragon_sculpture_i_made_out_of_cd_shards/)  




 I recall this being done to make a dragon. 




 looks like a golden retriever 




 I wants. 




 I did exactly what your son did when I was little. I got up early, climbed a kitchen stool to unlock the frontdoor and went to the playground in my neighborhood. A neighbor called the cops, and the cops took me home and talked to my mom. I don't know the end result, I just know my mom was more than peeved at me.  




 Stay away from the light!! 




 Zuko has gauntlet arrows! 




 Understandable. 




 they sound exactly the same... 




 This is so cool!! 




 I think it's possible to lurk without an account.  




 Anyone remember him from Mickey Mouse Club? 
























