 I think it's disgusting, I do not want people to have it, but then I do not rule the world so who am I to talk. It were to become reality though, I'd still be against it. But it's still an opinion and you can only do so much with an opinion.  




 Oh ok I didn't understand that last part. But yeah I agree. Cartoon porn with Lisa Simpson is disgusting. If you're familiar with video games, there was a cartoon porn feature Ellie from The Last of Us, having sex with Joel. Yeah. Ruined the entire game for me. It's just wrong and sick. 

Sorry I was literally writing those while holding a baby and I couldn't believe that someone who want children to be sexualized whether fiction or reality. I still can't but. Yeah. I shouldn't want to force you to change your opinions.  




 Ok you're right on that one. I am trying to change your opinion. This is bad. But you are doing it too. Opinions can't be bad if they're opinions, and if they're good, they're facts. 

And I have no idea what you just said.  




 I can't wait to experience that myself.  




 IT'S NOT AN ARGUMENT ABOUT ANYTHING, I AM EXPRESSING AN OPINION. HOW I FEEL AND SEE THINGS. GOODNESS. 

And yo Hentai is not illegal anywhere and we've all watched it. Please. You're just making a thing I said about children all twisted so it fits your initial argument. I think, like many people, children should no be represented in such environments. Point blank. Simple. 




 I do not approve of 25% of anime, no. It's perverted 

And I don't know what happened in Batman. In what way was this represented? Was the kid shot like you would shoot a deer while hunting? Probably not. So it's something else. I specifically chose GTA V as an example because you can shoot anyone you wish, for no reason. And there are no kids in this game. Wonder why? 

It's just an opinion. Kids should not be presented in perverted situations. If you think otherwise, I don't understand you. Maybe you care less about children than I do. You wouldn't want a 3D porn star based on how you look and act? Right?  




 Yes, like I said before, I read too fast. However, I still believe that there is a lot of hypocrisy when dealing with Islam since it's not like they're the single worst thing on Earth. What Muslim preaches is being preached everywhere else. Thinking otherwise would be foolish. Yet people rather talk about Islam. 




 "Most" people do, and those who don't are in prison? In what country you live in? Please help me get my citizenship. 

And my point was that CHILDREN should not be represented in situations where there is senseless violence, sexual behaviours and other form of abuse. The innocent should remain innocent, and not involved in such
'entertaining' indecent things. Even if it's fiction.  




 But violence is still represented! People are still seeing it! You think all humans think "Oh. It's fake. SHouldn't happen in real life" when they see a movie, game, book, etc. about something that is inherently bad? You think so?  




 Ok then. Violence in video games is not violence since it's not real then.  




 A quick google search will give you answers. Lately, the problem has been to educate people on the differences between abuse and BDSM because people do not know when to stop. 

And you are missing my point here. I'm not talking about banning the sexual orientation or whatever. I am not talking about banning violent things because there are sick people out there. I am talking about not involving children in any type of sexual environment (not quite the word I want). That is all. They're kids, for christ's sake. 

Kind of like how in GTA V there are no kids. Because you shouldn't involve kids in such things. Because they're ... kids!  




 If you are speaking of a matter you did not study, I don't even understand why you're getting all pumped up about it. Geez. Congratulations you turned out bad, but that means nothing.  




 What if you don't have the money?  




 But opinions mean nothing when there are facts. All you need is a basic psychology class and you'll know the facts and how the human brain, especially at that age, works.

Again, bad =/= everyone will be negatively affected. Abuse is bad. Not every abused person is having a terrible life.  




 Your example, BDSM. Some people see it, get a girl, abuse the crap out of her and call it a day. Because BDSM is legal.

Same with computer generated porn for pedophiles. Sick people will see this, think it's okay since they have a legal alternative. 

Anyway do not sexualize children at all. It's just not right. Which is unfortunately the 'problem' with pedophilia.  




 It does give this false impression that it's okay though. Sick people are everywhere and if they want something, they will have it. 




 I don't think it's quite the same, because I do think spanking is inherently bad. Something can be bad yet never really affect you personally. It does not make it good. 




 The thing with this debate is that you will find both sides. Kind of like if you google whether vaccines gives autism, you will find thousands of pages 'scientifically proving' it does. However, if you take parenting classes from accredited psychologists (like I did, which is my source), they will talk about punishment and how it affects children. It's not rocket science though.  




 Goodness. I said this in High School (16-17 year olds in my class at the time), and I was looked down on for many days. People don't differentiate pedophaelia the sexual orientation and the action fo raping children. I even said that homophobia used to be the pedophaelia of today. It was a crime, seen as a sickness ... etc.

However, no CGI porn. No. Still children. Never use the image of children in porn or other sexual environment, whether it's a doll, a drawing, or a real person. It will lead to the sexualization of children, sick people will get their hands on it, children will be abused even more ... no. Terrible idea.  




 Because the person went on a year-long field trip to visit every Black human being on Earth, invite them to dinner, ask them to pay and see if they tipped?  




 It's not because individuals are fine after a relativity bad experience that everyone should go through it. Some rape victims are turn out normal, some victims of physical assault, people getting shit multiple times ... Some survive and lead normal lives.  




 That second half of your comment is true, but there are facts out there proving that other methods are way more effective than spanking, and that spanking can lead children to negative behaviour as adults. Other methods just require more work, and people are lazy. Anyway people seldom put time into parenting their own children anymore ... 




 Not saying there are no valid reasons to dislike Islam, I am saying most people disliking Christmas only knows was sensationalist media says about it. Not Islam is not bad because others are bad, I'm saying it's dumb to always point at one when everyone is at fault, as if it's impossible to blame more than one grow of persons. A pet-peeve of mine.  




 I read too fast, sorry. However, I met say that this hate towards Islam is irrational and 100% driven by the media because that's all the general population knows about. I'm not saying that was you said is false, however Muslim is not the only religion with extreme view points and fanatics.  




 My bad. Yeah I read too fast I think.  




 But Christmas has stopped being a religious holiday though. Some Muslims and Jewish (among others) people exchange gifts with family and friends around that time, which is what Christmas is about now. Heck,  some Christians only care about that part, too, or go to church by tradition and not really because they care. 




 Maybe because technically, it's not a new addition? The child was considered family long ago so they're not a "new' addition. : ) 




 You get downvoted because you are grouping extremists and decent people in one group. Extremists are a minority, but they speak the loudest. It's like saying Americans are the number one problem about our modern world. Not really, they're just the loudest.  




 You get heavily downvoted especially if you call it lazy parenting. It's like everyone feel personally insulted, or part of them knows it may be true.  




 The same maybe in terms of taking days off (not really because you shouldn't just stop having your kid as a priority and as the president, you would have to). However, the public would be so unforgiving, which could make it difficult. 




 "The Interview" is a hot topic, and it's annoying. Dumb people are getting into this bandwagon probably because it's such a popular topic right now. I'm against it, for many reasons I've said so many times, it's discouraging to even have to say it. To know that people don't see the problem is quite depressing. Anyway. 

Even my College, from Montreal Canada (full of kids 17-21) is into it and one of their pages has promoted an event happening in my city where they would attempt to screen the movie. 

They blocked me for expressing my opinion. On a post advocating freedom of expression. 

So much for freedom of expression. I give up. 

Update: I thought the guy behind the event would be nice enough to ask me why they're censoring people against said event ... my comment got deleted.  




 My thoughts exactly. People are all over this dumb movie who will probably poke fun of the most miserable human beings on Earth. North Koreans and foreign prisoners are still being executed, and maybe this movie will prompt more executions. Kim Jong-Un is already the most paranoid fucker on Earth, killing anyone he thinks is against him or whatever. If he can't take out the big guy, he'll take out the individuals as he wishes since he can. Oh but because it's not happening on American soil, it's all good though. We get to have our movie from Seth Rogen oh my god comedy genius! Not only America won, freedom won! We did it! Freedom of speech, liberty, CIA is raping people but that's not what this is about... WE.DID.IT. 




 If you wanna go there, we're all from Africa. 




 Most black people I've seen in American TV are portrayed as sassy fat secretaries who make people laugh all the time though.  




 You fail to understand that it's not because the Grand Jury and the general public have access to the same information that said information is the cold hard truth. Judges are not Gods. They are humans presented with evidences made by humans, some false, some true. They do not know more than you and I do. Their job is not really to find the truth since it's impossible, their job is to take what they have and guess what happened, to punish accordingly. It is why sometimes murderers can get away with murder: if there is no evidence (even if everyone knows in their guts he did it), the judge cannot put the guy in prison.

No one knows shit. We were not here. Only witnesses, Wilson and Brown know what you truly. So stop speculating, and stop using this situation to be racist.  




 I am not discrediting /u/ObviousAssassin. Everything he said is the truth. However, most of us do not live in a world where are biological predispositions matter. So it's very irrelevant to modern humans, except when it comes to competitive sports.  




 There are women in battle right now I don't think I understand your point.  




 The thing with some white people though is that they don't stop at the critic. They want to test their limits and see how offensive they can get without getting in trouble. If it's rational, backed up with facts and all, it's cool. But then when you have half the population acting like ten-year-old who just used a curse word, then no. Don't talk.  




 People don't really care. Maybe your family will because they feel like that's their job and responsibility (so it's not as genuine as we'd want it to be), same for your friends, but people do not care. This is why "How are you?" is said out of politeness in many nations, and not because the person actually cares. Do talk to people though, because yeah you'll get insane if you don't. But don't expect them to be there for you at all times because chances are you're not a priority.  




 Many people here missed the word "best" in the question. They just think of the most socially unacceptable thing, turn it into an "advice", and wait for upvotes.  




 Men whine. And when they do, they never shut up.  




 Fun fact! Our ancestors started living together as 'couples' because they knew that by 'being a family' they would not have to share food with the rest of the tribe! 

It's human to be selfish. That's how we've survived for so long.  




 I like how you're talking about tribes when this does not apply to most of the world anymore. Those physical differences in men and woman are only relevant in sports now.  




 What men say they want versus what they actually want is often very different, especially in younger and more immature women.

Unless it's sex. That's all men know they want.  




 Exactly. So many people, even people online, are using this even to either spew hate, cause trouble or just to feel "cool and anarchist". It's really sad and annoying.  




 Can you stop with this Hollywood bullshit? Is this all Americans have on their TV? Do people know there are informative documentaries out there you can use as sources to form an opinion? Has that ever occurred to you there is information out there one can look for, and you can even look for them! I thought your country's pride was the well-trained individuals you have in the army and such. But you don't even know what they are capable of doing. What a shame.  




 Great! Thanks for the link!  




 Psst. Get out your mom's basement once in a while. You'll see the world is different when you look at it with your own eyes.  




 Except no one is willing to do that. It costs too much money and no government would give money just to be nice. It would be considered a waste. So unless people are willing to donate or have their taxes go up, nothing will happen. Because I swear, you go in those countries and you know women want birth control. They are tired of having children, being raped by their men (but what can they do about that? that's another unfortunate reality), and then being left alone with three crying kids. 




 That's a childish way of reacting, honestly. I could write the name of about half a million Middle Eastern kids, too. What would be my point? Some cases don't get news attention. It has nothing to do with race, it has an awful lot to do with sensationalism and the fact that there are millions of people dying unjustifiably yearly. Get over it.  




 Never, because I won't put myself in a situation I can't handle, and two, I do not have the proper training for that!! I was not born bough like 99% of people, therefore if I wanted to be bough and take down bears, I would train! Not saying I would become invincible, but I wouldn't take my gun out because someone slightly bigger than me is "threatening me". But I'm an average person, not a police officer. I mean, being able to respond to emergencies like this is not my job.  




 If you don't know what physical training can do, you're missing out on so much about life. Also, last time I checked, police officers don't just have a gun. So he could have used other weapons to immobilize him too. I don't see why you're making this so much more complicated than it is. The gun should have been his last result. Excuse me, living in Canada and all, but Americans are too trigger-happy for me. It's ridiculous.  




 I don't see why you have people who are actually trained for this in the military but you wouldn't put those same people in the streets of places you'd judge hostile.  




 I agree with you. I think that as the police, they should be trained for that type of situation. We're not talking about mall cops in suburban Calgary here. We're talking about people who should be the first to response to any type of emergency, especially in a country where anyone can own a gun, especially in hostile neighbourhoods.  




 Be happy, I'm not in America right now and I'm glad I am not. How can shooting someone can ever be right? I mean not shooting, but murdering them. He's a cop! He should be trained for this kind of situation!  




 So you're saying American coops were not given good training. I honestly agree.  




 If you think the name is the issue, then clearly you have not been reading much about feminism. It's just a name, for crying out lout. A name with a history behind it.  




 In other words .... if this kid should have died or not. Because you can fire you weapon once or twice at most. There are so many spots you can aim at to weaken your enemy without killing them.  




 You think they know better though? Most of the world is just uneducated. They literally cannot know better. What are you blaming them for? If you know about contraception is because you learned this in school. It's not something you can just figure out.

Also, unlike condoms that seem to be given like free candy, contraceptives made for women are expensive! And I swear women will take it. No one likes being pregnant and then having to take care of all kids anyway. However fewer men will wear condoms because "it doesn't feel good". That's the real problem. Educate the masses, especially males who seem more stubborn than females.  




 Seems like it. A 12-year-old was shot for playing with a BB Gun. While not too long a go, a man was walking around kids with a real gun, waving it around at people, and he is still alive and well.  




 This case was basically about deciding whether or not some guy deserved to die or not. Doesn't that shock anyone but me? And I thought I was heartless.  




 Police officers are trained individuals who should know how to react in any possible given situations. They aren't your every day suburban wife who feels threatened when they hear an unusual sound coming from a window.  




 My mother just gave me a tablet. Randomly. That is, a day after knowing that my father would send us a tablet he got for free. A couple of days ago, she bought me the fancy type of headphones (that I gave to my father instead for a number of reasons). And a week prior, she bought me small speakers. I am not thankful though. Instead, I can't help but think about the cost of all of those things. Money has become an obsession for me, especially since we're not really well-off, yet my mother spends money like we're part of the upper class. Second, do I deserve those things? I certainly don't. I am not a child my family is proud of, especially my mother who you can tell just hates the person I'm becoming. So why spend money we don't necessarily have on me? Now it feels like I owe her my life. 

Call me ridiculous but it's giving me a great deal of anxiety. I do not like to be given things, especially when I don't deserve them. I can't be thankful.  




 Never said the opposite.  




 I understand. It is my first time seeing that kind of humour in this subreddit. Usually I see people either commenting on how unusual/unjustified/avoidable/etc. is. Never saw any attempt at that kind of humour (not like there has been none, but this kind is my first time experiencing it (. 




 :'( 




 Since we were dealing with death, I thought it was the most appropriate word. 




 I don't see how horrible things can be funny at all, and I don't see how yourself don't understand that some people don't find humour in everything. Excuse my terrible English, but some things just ... are. You don't need to find it funny or sad. 

Sociopaths are unable to feel empathy. People here seem to lack of it. It is why I used that word.  




 Oh no! :( I'm such a loser now. 




 Yeah I agree with you. I just sometimes get the impression that there are a few here who don't get it though. 




 The subreddit was created to watch people die. I did not think I was in a Sociopath Anonymous group.  




 I am not saying to care, not at all. But I mean people here sometimes sound like death is some kind of game. Excuse me for repeating myself, but they act like they're in a video game and they just saw someone headshot an AI! Maybe humour was not the right way of describing it because as you said, it is subjective. However even the most morbid people understand that death is not a game. While here, not so much.  




 I'm not the kind of person who think a shrine should be made for every dead person that ever existed, but making video games references when seeing someone die is pretty much what a sociopath sounds like. Death is not "funny" or "no big deal". 




 I honestly don't get the humour of this subreddit. Sometimes people sound like sociopaths with no feelings whatsoever. I think the "150+ score" is a little disrespectful. 




 Google won't admit they know more than your mailing address * 




 I see what you mean. I guess I read it with the wrong tone (if that makes any sense).   




 He did. He is justifying this revenge, which would be a genocide if it had happened, by saying (and I quote) "It's a very human response to a very inhuman situation." 




 I'm sorry I did not provide you enough material to ridicule me.  




 Not at all.  




 Didn't know you were the ambassador for 7 billion people but ok.  




 A 12 month old baby is too different from a 15 month old to just refer to it as a "one year old". Same with two year olds. There is a difference between a 24 month old and a 30 month old, hence why "and a half" is used with children aged 2 to ~6.  




 There are huge differences between a one year old and an 11 month old. Up until their 2nd birthday, children change monthly (and after that, they go through huge changes every 3 months or so). So there is a big difference between a 12 month old (1 year old), 11 month old, 13 month old ... etc.  




 I wake up at 6:30 too and so does most people so it's not really an achievement. I said 5:00 because that would be commitment. 




 Not offended at all. I understand I am part of a minority here.  




 Hey, I actually do! I find it really useless when it's done for aesthetic reasons.  




 I just find it very unnecessary. Like I said, you would not step on an ant for fun, or cut a three because you felt like it. If you would, why?! 




 Yes, exactly what I meant. Sorry I failed to express myself properly.  




 Yes, why would you cut down a tree for your own enjoyment? My argument remains the same. Just don't do shit unnecessarily.  




 So? Why purposely have them go through something that would be painful? That's like stepping on ants for fun. It's not damaging per se, but doing it on purpose is just dumb.  




 I am a female, I have no desire to be another sex or gender, but I feel extremely uncomfortable knowing what is between my legs. It's odd, because from what I know, only people who have been molested and raped feel the way I feel, but I have never been touched inappropriately (from what I know and recall — I am 18, by the way). I feel disgusting, repugnant, sometimes I wish I could just cut it out. I react as if I have been violated, it feels wrong and gross to clean that area (even when I'm wiping after using the bathroom — and ironically I sometimes excessively wipe), and it's always on my mind. I don't think I'll ever go see a gynaecologist even though I really need one. The thought of it makes me shudder. 

I don't find other females repulsive for being females, but seeing a vagina really makes me uncomfortable. I even dread changing a girl's diaper for that specific reason. I do not know what to do, I do not want to do anything because I would feel impure. Not because of the vagina, because of me (does that make sense?)

I was wondering if anyone could relate to this, and if there is a reason behind this mindset. Thank you!  




 I was raised to believe that life isn't about how good you feel about yourself, but how good society sees you.I was raised to believe I should fear failing a course more than I should fear my suicidal thoughts. I was raised to believe that my depression should be put on hold to focus more on schoolwork. I was raised to believe I didn't matter now: my worth will come from my academical and professional achievements in the future. 

I was encouraged to postpone my happiness, or maybe cancel it, because I needed to make my parents proud by becoming someone they approved of, and by giving them bragging rights. Because I don't matter now. Maybe I'll never matter. I'm living for them, and they're living through me. 

Fuck it. I will work hard for myself, towards my own goals. I need no one as no one really needs me. I'll become selfish for my own good.  




 I am no Supernanny, and I obviously haven't done everything there is to do. However, I'm feeling quite down and discouraged. A couple of weeks ago, I asked for ideas on how to entertain a two-year-old. All responses were great and I am so thankful! I was hyped and eager to try some of the things with the toddler. However, she was not interested. Playdough? Was good for a minute. Cardboard things like tubes and such? Was interesting only because it came out of my bag (my backpack, to them, is full of treasures and she especially enjoys seeing what I bring, but her curiosity stops there). Yesterday I took her out to a Biodome, and she did not care much. I tried getting her excited about fish especially since she seems to enjoy water, but after understanding she could not touch the water trough the glass, she lost interest. 

I noticed that she enjoys holding on to things. I purposely bought a lunchbox (those 'vintage' ones shaped like a rectangle, usually made of metal) and as predicted, she enjoyed holding on to it. She also wanted to hold a plastic bag I had diapers and wipes in. I once bought a bag of pompons she could pass through a tube taped to the wall, and she only cared about holding on to the bag, and would (mildly) panic whenever a pompon would fall off. That has been her favourite thing to do so far. For instance, the playdough was fun for a few seconds while holding on to it. Then big brother wanted to play with it and she lost interest. Same with carboard tubes ... the only thing she has been using has to be markets. Oh, and she enjoys TV.

What do you in a situation like this?  




 My self-worth vanished today. I have lost something that was given to me: Headphones.

Yes, I can buy new ones. No, it was not at an exorbitant price (about forty dollars) and yes, it was given a while ago (10 months ago in two days), but it hit me hard to know money was spent on me, and my forgetfulness made it a waste. 

I'm pretty sure I will find them either tomorrow or next Monday, but in the mean time, in the midst of a mild panic attack, I cried. Not only have I disturbed my routine (I do not cope well with unforeseen events), but I've wasted someone's resources. I seem to be pretty good at it. If it's not money I'm wasting, it's time. Always someone's time. And I'm not worthy of any of it.

What to do? Should I stay home tomorrow? How can I waste people's time tomorrow after wasting someone else's resources? Would that be fair? Would that be wise? I want to stay home tomorrow. And maybe the next week, and the week after. I'm panicking. I will stop now. But I needed to say this.   




 I am looking after two children, but usually the two-year-old is left alone with me. 

I'm used to looking after children, but now I'm a little out of my comfort zone. The mother I am helping out is not very fortunate, so her children do not have any toys besides markers (and I'm not too fond of them since the little one likes to draw on herself) and a couple of bikes. Also, I don't think I'll be able to leave their house since the mother only has one set of keys, and she needs them. I am afraid of bringing rented things (books, movies) because the two-year-old can and will draw on them, rip them apart, eat them ... Buying them things is also tricky because not only I am a student on a budget, but since I'm working for an agency, one rules says I can't give them anything (unless they make something out of it, like paper, pencils). 

They are of a different culture, and the little girl is just two, so she only knows what her mother does. She's not familiar with many games and activities we'd consider "basic" for kids her age, and there's obviously the language barrier. The only thing that could keep her entertained for hours is either making a mess with water or being thrown in the air (but I'm too unfit to do that for more than 45 seconds). 

I'm okay with buying very cheap stuff, but she seems to not quite understand what can be done with these things and she doesn't understand me, so she loses interest immediately.

Any suggestions? 
Thanks in advance! 

** Thank you for all for your suggestions! I'm very thankful for your replies! I will give boxes a try, since it's cheap (even free at some places!) and start from there. Playdough is obviously a close second. I'll try making my own if that turns out to be better. Really, thank you very much!  




 When you look for articles about self-help, 99% of tips are written assuming the person has either a good life, or is capable of finding the good in their situation. 

Stop assuming.

When people want to prevent suicide for instance, they will talk about how family and friends will miss them. Not everyone has that supporting group of people who truly care about them, and certainly not everyone is capable of judging whether or not this group of people even exists. (and why live for others?!)

In websites sharing tips on how to prevent unhealthy coping mechanism, they always assume the person is aware of the positive in their life. They always talk about "reaching out to someone who makes them feel good" or "doing something that will make them feel better". It's a statement that always bothers me because literally what makes the person feel better is that unhealthy or damaging thing they're doing. And again they always assume the person feels worse after doing whatever they're doing. Not always. Some people do it, feel better, fall asleep and tomorrow ends up being a better day. And in desperate situations, you either can't tell who is on your side or not, or you have no one on your side, which seems to baffle some as if everyone is born with a great family and amazing friends that are there for them. 

I find those ridiculous. I needed to say that somewhere.  




 Just so you know how terrible my memory is, for the past year or two, I've been struggling speaking even my mother tongue (French) because I couldn't remember words.

I am learning Russian and German at school right now. I'm doing okay with German, memorizing-wise (though it could be better, but I shouldn't be complaining). However, after 6 full weeks of Russian, my vocabulary is still limited to about a dozen words, at most 20. 

I can read and write cyrillic just fine, but when I am reading a word I am trying to memorize, my brain just goes into "decrypting mode", which doesn't include memory. I can't seem to stop it from doing that. I have tried memorizing the latinized words, nothing. What's odd is I did not have any difficulty learning Mandarin Chinese words and script. 

Is this a common thing, and what should be done to fix it? 

Thank you in advance.  




 September of last year, I met someone I considered to be one of the greatest person I ever met. A year later, I managed to have a (very short) conversation with them. After two minutes of silence from my part (minutes spent trying to recompose myself), the conversation died out. I have tried initiating it again, without success. 

Sounds benign, doesn’t it. Here’s more.

At the age of 12 or 13, I met whom I thought would be my greatest friend ever. We were so close, for the longest time I thought I was in love with them. Since the age of 15, they have been drifting away from me. I barely talk to them. Last time I heard from them, it was still winter (it is now the beginning of autumn). I still love them the way I did six years ago. 

I am a burden to the people I care the most for. It’s not just them, it’s basically everyone I ever met, including my family. At the age of 13, almost overnight, I became asocial and introversive. Since then, I have failed to be worthy of anyone’s attention. That second person must have pitied me for staying around until I turned 15, when I emotionally crashed, became depressed and suicidal, and everything in between. 

It’s selfish, but I do want them in my life. I am willing to do anything to gain their attention and love back. I want to give them everything I have (which unfortunately is nothing for the moment). I am willing to sacrifice my life and put theirs as my priority. It’s obsessive and delusional, but I unfortunately feel this way. And now to have them both trying to, what looks like, shut me out of their life, it hurts. I can understand though. I’m not loveable. I am not interesting. They deserve better.  

After six months free of suicidal thoughts, I now secretly wish I had successfully killed myself last time I tried. I’m too much of a burden. I was not meant to be alive. I was not meant to be involved in social situations. I’m too big of a burden for too many people.  




 I was unfortunately born a female. 

Now being a female itself is alright, but when nature chooses you to carry the burden of procreation, that's when it sucks. And it is to happen for at least 40 years, 12 times a year, 6 days a month. 

I honestly never made a big deal out of it the first time, even the second time, but then it became excessively painful. Being anemic, I would lose consciousness all the time, miss school, vomit ... it was terrible. For the past year though, it has been better. No loss of consciousness (though I do feel dizzy from time to time), less vomiting (though now everything is coming out — at the same speed I should say — at the other end), and no missing scheduled activities. However one thing has not changed: I feel gross.

I am not even affected by how society views this "normal and healthy" part of a female's life. Whatever people say, periods are gross. It smells, it's uncomfortable, it's messy, and there's no way to control it. I'm pretty sure if once a month, the anus decided to evacuate on its own for six days straight and all you could do is sit in a diaper at all time, it would feel the same way. 

One week a month, I stop working. I lose my appetite, I lose my motivation and my energy. I lose my focus and my memory as well. All my movements feel automated. I hate leaving my room when it happens. All I do is go back-and-forth between there and the bathroom. Being in College and all, I obviously have to leave my house almost every day, but I spend most of my time worrying about leakage and smell. No amount of good hygienes will change the fact that as I'm sitting down in the middle of 30+ people, blood is coming out of my vagina, and I'm sitting in it. I could shower thrice a day, change my pad every hour or empty a bottle of perfume on my nether region, nothing would change. 

I am amazed at how very few females seem affected by their period. I applaud those women. Unfortunately I am not at their level. I cannot stop thinking about what is happening between my legs because I can feel it. I don't like this feeling of uncleanness, as if I haven't wiped in a year. I cannot deal with this smell I can't seem to detach myself from, even though now I've learned it's all in my head. I can't deal with the fact that it leads to my inactivity, as if my body is slowly shutting down on me. 

It's been nearly a decade and I still haven't gotten my shit together. I've failed mother nature.  




 I understand why websites like care.com require you to pay for full access to their website (we're talking about parents potentially trusting strangers with their children, after all). However, I hate how empty one's profile looks when they do not have a Premium account. I'm 18. I cry whenever I buy school manuals. You think I'd pay for a website account?

Many times, I would contact one or more parent, then I'd see that the exact number of parents I've contacted have visited my page. I know it's them. But then, I get no answer. Nothing. I know I can't receive messages from all of them, so I used to put my e-mail address at the bottom of my messages, but apparently that SCREAMS scam (especially when your name is in the email address, which is ridiculous but whatever). So I started putting my phone number, home and mobile, which I thought made me look more legit since it's personal information. I thought maybe if parents were paranoid enough, they would check a website like Canada411 and see if my postal code matched the number. 

Why can't care.com be like some French website I fell upon? To confirm your identity, they ask you to submit a picture ID (it was secure) that not only proves your identity, but your general location. I know it's not perfect, but still. It allowed genuine people to have a better chance at finding willing parents. 

Today it bothered me so much because I found the perfect match. I'm free three days a week, and this lady (who lives less than a kilometre away from me — according to care.com) needed someone for those three days. I really need a job, and I desperately want to start babysitting again. She was a match sent from heaven! Well I check my profile (haven't been on the website for a couple of weeks before today), and surprisingly, maybe an hour after sending her a message, I have one profile view. It has to be her! But ... nothing. I'll wait another 24 hours before breaking into tears (hyperbole) and giving up on online stuff. However I'm pretty sure she will not give me a call.

I mean I know sometimes, parents are just not interested, but how can they be if most can't contact me, and my profile is empty?! Even if I try to include as much information or try to sound super interesting in messages I send them, nothing. 

Oh well. It hurt. 

** Sometimes I get so paranoid about it. Maybe it's my age, which is fine. Maybe it's my race even ... Who knows. It would actually hurt.  




 I am an 18 year old female, currently in my 2nd year of post-secondary education, from Canada. In the summer of 2015, I want to momentarily put my education on hold to become an aupair for a year or two. My dream locations would be France, Germany, Belgium, England or the Netherlands. I can also consider the United States and Canada, but my passion for foreign languages and cultures push me towards Western Europe.

Basically, I want to know what I should do in order to be a great aupair. Childcare is a passion I want to exploit. I babysat, like most teenage girls, for about two years (until I moved out). I want to start again this year, but before looking for families, I will be taking an 'Emergency Childcare First Aid and CPR' course with the Canadian Red Cross. It will take place next week.

What else can I do to be an impressive candidate?

Thank you in advance!

** I did post this on /r/nannies and wanted to ask here right after, but for some reason, I was not allowed to do so earlier. 




 I am an 18 year old female, currently in my 2nd year of post-secondary education, from Canada. In the summer of 2015, I want to momentarily put my education on hold to become an aupair for a year or two. My dream locations would be France, Germany, Belgium, England or the Netherlands. I can also consider the United States and Canada, but my passion for foreign languages and cultures push me towards Western Europe. 

Basically, I want to know what I should do in order to be a great aupair. Childcare is a passion I want to exploit. I babysat, like most teenage girls, for about two years (until I moved out). I want to start again this year, but before looking for families, I will be taking an 'Emergency Childcare First Aid and CPR' course with the Canadian Red Cross. It will take place next week. 

What else can I do to be an impressive candidate? 

Thank you in advance!  




 I could add Calgary to the list, too but I'm not sure about it honestly.

I live in Montreal and I love my city, but for um, reasons, I would prefer moving elsewhere. 

* I should add that I'm frugal. I've read some statistics and Montreal happens to be the cheapest city. I'm wondering which one, despite the high price of basically everything, is livable?

* Hostile behaviour is not to happen here. That's not very Canadian of you (alright that was bad). 

* To those who seem to have serious eye-sight problems: Those four cities are where my dream job is in serious demand. Yes, frugal people also care about the job market.  




 I heard/saw Americans, Canadians, Quebecers and the French do it. I have a feeling it's quite a popular thing to do elsewhere as well.  




 I am 18, a female and I have anemia. I do not take iron supplements for x and y reasons. 

I have daily headaches. It's been like this for a couple of years, maybe more. I believe they are migraines. Usually, I feel my temples pulsating, which per se is not always painful but always so disconcerting. If I concentrate enough, I can get rid of the pain but the unsettling part is always there. Lately, for the past week or so, it's been worse. I feel as if my head splits in two (a physical head and a more "spiritual" one, if that makes sense) at each pulse, the pain goes all the way to my neck, and sometimes (for a short period of time), to my left arm. 

What is it? I googled my symptoms but it's always so dramatic. I rather describe my symptoms myself and see what other people think. Also, I am overseas right now so I can't go see a doctor quite yet. I think I foremost want to know how common that is. 

Thank you!

** I must add, right now, it feels like a brain freeze. Not sure what a brain freeze really feels like (never had one) but if it's a slightly paralyzing head ache, then yes. 




 And I've noticed that sometimes, commercials during shows in France are related to the channel they're been broadcasted on. A France 2 show will have commercials featuring other France 2 shows, for instance.  




 I'm like so close from crying right in the middle of my school's student lounge. Two people are less than two meters away from me. Funny thing is, they wouldn't even notice. They never did. Not my first time crying in this school and no one notices. 

I kind of want to keep hope, but I'm not sure if it's an option anymore. I tried killing myself once but now my body rejects any type of attempts. 

Would someone mind noticing me? No? 
























 So in one second, you're telling me she freaked out because "she's seeing a Black guy for the first time", then in that same second, she s,miles because she realizes how silly it is to freak out because "she's seeing a Black guy for the first time", but you don't want to accept the fact she recognized this celebrity in one second.

Alright. 

Also, stop being so stubborn. You 100% understand what I'm saying so I'm not going to repeat myself.  




 Who smiles while being staggered back in fear? By the way she is pulled away by the young man on her right. 

Also, like I said in the previous comment, it takes seconds to recognize someone, even less time when this person has distinctive features. There are not many Blacks in Korea, and even fewer are celebrities.

Say a Yakuza was under that mask. It would not even take you a millisecond to recognize him because I'm pretty sure you don't know a thousands of them. Maybe not even one. If you see, say, a portion of their tattoo while they're removing the mask, your brain will automatically, without having *you* the conscious being think about it, list out everyone with that particular feature. Same with that lady. She sees Black skin, a certain height, a certain sense of style, maybe, a specific voice! How long does she need?  




 I have no social skills, obviously, and what I've learned from sociable people is that you must talk about something the other person can relate to. It never worked for me. 

Here's a recent exemple. A physicist told me they saw a spacecraft lift off. I love astronomy! And so I responded by talking about space, and the person lost interest immediately. 

Another one. Someone I know just had a baby and was talking about her new challenges as a mother. I love children! So I talked to her about some things I've learned about childcare, and the person lost interest immediately.

I learned I should never talk about myself too much (which is a problem), so in both cases, I never even used the pronoun "I". I would say things like, "Apparently, blablabla." instead of "I learned that blablabla." Still no conclusive results, and it happens all the time.

How do I improve this? 
Thank you.

  




 Please don't feel offended or anything of the sort, but how did you end up in a relationship? It's something I never understood with people who have little to no social skills. How do you do it? I'm struggling to have friends here!! 




 I don't think so. If you have very recognizable features, it would take less than a second to know you. There aren't thousands of Black celebrities in Korea. Also, if you look closely, she is smiling. 

Lastly, Koreans don't live under rocks. They have seen black people before. I went to Korea thinking I would be getting a shitton of attention or I would have some elders feel uncomfortable but ... no. No one cared about my presence (except kids. Those outside the city centre were genuinely curious).  




 Yes and look at how much we know about North Korea. /s 




 I have social anxiety, so yes it happens to me all the time. Even though I don't care about 99% of people. In my life, I've wanted to be friends with two people, so I obviously went for the "I'm going to blow your mind and you're gonna want to be my friend by tomorrow" route. With the first person, it was at first successful because I was older, therefore automatically "cooler" (we were 12-13 when we started talking). The second person is very sociable so didn't mind talking to me at first. Obviously I messed up because I have no social skills, and therefore like you, conversations were forced and terrible. 

Both people today completely ignore me, even when I try to talk to them.  




 Apparently this guy is really well known in Korea, so they were just shocked because of his popularity, and not because of his race. But then I read this somewhere. It was confirmed by someone actually living in Korea though.  




 I'm Black, originally from the West Indies. Parents don't have children because they want to, but because they see it as a life milestone. And once the child is born, said child's only "job" is to not piss off their parents (so good grades, no talking unless the parents feel like it, no bothering them unless you're in danger, basically stay in your lane at all times). I think it's common among Black people in general, though I don't really know how Africans deal with their youth. 

One thing that surprised me when I immigrated to Canada was people having casual conversations with their toddlers, of all people. Toddlers like to repeat themselves, they're not clear, they talk a lot ... and "white" (I'd always compare myself to white people only) parents enjoyed that. In my country, people don't converse with their toddler unless they're extremely bored. It gets slightly better for kids after puberty.  




 Hey I'm from Canada too. Seriously if you sound angry and you tell them you're going to switch, they give you whatever you want just to either shut you up or keep you as a client. My mother has done it with Bell, Videotron, Koodo and Fido. We have unlimited internet for cheaper than it should be, her cellphone bill have been cancelled many times (mine once with Koodo), and back when we were with Bell, they offered us I think free internet. All this so my mother could shut up (when she's mad, she talks way too much). 




 I think there is a solid community here in Montreal. If you're familiar with the area, The West Island and CDN-NDG seems to have the most hispanic families. Most I met personally were Mexicans, but there are also many Peruvians, Venezuelans, and Colombians. I, like /u/jamaljabrone , was shocked to see a higher percentage in Manitoba but /u/hubertiolable explanation makes total sense.  




 I totally agree with you! I wouldn't just give gifts only on those days (I have dozens of crafts planned, but holiday themed ones always seemed more fun to me), I was just wondering if I could on those days at all. I guess I got used to North Americans' ways : )

I will be in Hannover.  




 Oh wow, I didn't know that. I know of a couple of Germans who completely HATE this holiday. I always thought it was because of the overflow of candy part. I din't know tricks were actually taken seriously in Germany. Maybe because it's relatively new? And people only know about it from TV (and in TV shows, there are tricks. Like in the Simpsons). I hope with time the tricks part will disappear. I understand how you might not like this day. 




 Oh wow, I didn't know that. I know of a couple of Germans who completely HATE this holiday. I always thought it was because of the overflow of candy part. I din't know tricks were actually taken seriously in Germany. Maybe because it's relatively new? And people only know about it from TV (and in TV shows, there are tricks. Like in the Simpsons). I hope with time the tricks part will disappear. I understand how you might not like this day. 




 No, they don't do anything nasty. Kids will brush it off and move on to the next house without even looking at you. This night is literally a hunt for candy. If you don't deliver, ok whatever. There are dozens of other houses. 

The trick part doesn't really apply and it's been so long that no one knows why they say it. Even here in Canada, you'll hear people only say "Happy Halloween!" because trick or treat makes no sense, since there will be no tricks.  




 I totally agree, I just wanted themed crafts to do once in a while. I think culturally, Canadians (or North Americans) just "expect" something on certain holidays, but glad it's different in Germany. Thank you ! :)  




 I agree! I honestly don't know how it is in Germany, it's just that in Canada, people "expect" something from their children on special holidays. I guess it's different in Germany.

Thank you for the comment.  




 I will look into that. Thank you!  




 I'm not sure I'm understanding how trick or treating teaches extortion, but thanks for your input : )

* If you mean that "**trick** or treat" is the problem, it's really just words people say. In fact very few people know where it's from originally and what it meant. Kids here just see Halloween as an opportunity to get free candy. Nothing more.  




 Oh wow, that's good to know beforehand. 

Thank you very much!  




 I will be a caregiver in Germany, and I want the child in question to do fun activities he would normally do in a nursery. However, I am from Canada. Any occasion or holiday is a good excuse to make a craft and give it to mom and dad. Since I'll start in early February, I was thinking about a Valentines' Day themed craft, but apparently that would be highly inappropriate since in Germany, it's considered an adult-only holiday (from what I read). Also Father's Day seems to be more of a "Men Day" there. Basically, I'm afraid of getting the child involved in holidays he should not celebrate, as it would be inappropriate.  

So on which occasions do children gift crafts and things they made (at school/nursery) to their parents? 

Thanks in advance : ) 




 Thank you for your input! 

I enjoy being alone, too (I'm over at my sister's house like I said, and I became a noctural creature; I sleep during the day and stay up all night. This way I'm almost always alone). However, don't you sometimes wish you had someone? Sometimes I do. I don't want it to be anyone. Like I wouldn't go on a meeting website and just be like "Impress me." In my existence so far, there have been only two people I truly wanted to be part of my life. All two walked away because of who I am. 

I hope I never feel this need ever again. 




 I totally understand you. It's so difficult to live when not only do you not understand how you are, but others do not either. And it's YOUR responsibility to accommodate to them. As for friendships, are you out of college? People usually say it's easier to befriend people in college but it's not. It's easier to befriend people you see all the time in high school. I don't know how different it is/was for you, but my classes were the same people all year long, whatever the class. So it was easier to just have people get used to your odd behaviours, and the nicer ones will look past that. Maybe I was lucky because I was in an all-girl high school. 

I am so sorry to hear about what you went through because of your asexuality, and also what your mother put you through. Is it possible for you to move away? I know it's super difficult to move out of your parents' house, but taking distance is so beneficial. Anything works: A study trip, finding a job, backpacking ... some very cheap alternatives are available too like becoming an English teacher overseas, or a nanny. 

As for my culture, I am West Indian. Physical punishment is the only kind of parenting people know. I don't mean spanking. I mean full blown beatings with belts, wooden objects, shoes ... even the things you'd use to beat an animal like a horse, your parents can turn around and use it on you. When I immigrated to Canada at the age of 8, as soon as I learned that White people did not beat their kids (huge generalization, but at the age of 8 I was convinced only immigrants beat their kid), I was really looking forward to someone snitching on my mom so she could get punished. I didn't want her to go to prison, I just wanted her to change. Well, I was sooooo disappointed. People know that West Indians (among others) beat the crap out of their children, but they don't want to do anything about it because it's "culture". I was watching Dr Phil a year or so ago and there was this mother who admitted beating her child. She said it was culture, and Dr Phil said nothing about it. Months later, A woman says "My husband beats me with a wooden plank!" and she got two shows dedicated to her, everyone was crying for her, oh my god poor lady, yadiya. It's so upsetting, especially since our parents know they won't get punished. My mom always screamed, with zero ounce of fear in her eyes, to call the cops on her. She would take the phone, start dialling if she wanted to fuck me up, and just hand me the phone. It was my decision to actually call or not. I was so scared because I knew either way, I was going to be beaten up. It was a terrible thing. But hey, my mother has changed A LOT. She is not great objectively, but compared to who she was, she's Mother Theresa. I don't think she loves me. She's disappointed still, but she is civil enough to hide that hatred (though she doesn't do a good job at talking behind my back). I think what made her change was when she realized she had no control over me. It was done under extreme measures but she eventually got it. 

Anyway sorry this was long. 

 




 I don't remember the exact word (since there is one), but basically it was intensive behavioural training. My last psychologist was a college therapist so everything took place in school. Started off mild. She would ask me to look people in the eye. I tried but I couldn't handle it. It took me 17 years to (barely) look my mother in the eyes so I don't know what she was expecting. Then she said, while walking, I needed to stop looking at my feet, rather look at people. I did this once, cried in panic, and never tried again. I do sometimes look up but I need to be outside with very few people around me, or lost. Then she tried teaching me about social clues and body language. I understood in theory but in practice I had no idea what was going on. I was convinced (still am) that people, or at least college kids, aren't as sociable as she made them seem. No, me looking up and smiling instead of playing on my phone will not encourage them to talk to me. Anyway why would I want them to talk to me?! Then she would invite me to events where I had no choice but to talk with people. Thank goodness all those events took place during one of my classes. In the end she just gave me this book written for autistic people on how "People don't understand you, therefore you must change your behaviour because it makes them feel so uncomfortable, they rather avoid you." or whatever the conclusion was. I was not convinced. I knew she was trying really hard but this wasn't going to work. 

By the way, I'm from Canada so it's free, but my 3rd to last therapist was from private practice. Free therapists were too busy with a long waiting list (my parents wanted to "fix" me as soon as possible because they were preoccupied by my grades more than anything). And my high school nurse, like yours, didn't get it so I was not going to waste my time on her. I remember telling her I was sick of my mother beating me up and she was like "Well what do you want, it's culture!" Ugh. Never again.  




 That is interesting to know. I live in Canada and I could guarantee only non-white immigrants thought this way. My white friends always had cool parents who didn't expect much for their children but a lifetime of happiness, while all of us immigrants were publicly shamed whenever we didn't have good grades. And other immigrant parents would chime in and encourage that. "Oh, your kid had this grade? What is wrong with them?" 

Then when it was time to go to college, I was one of maybe three immigrant kids from my senior class who did not choose science (be it health science, pure and applied science, whatever). My white friends are mostly doing things they enjoy like art.

As an immigrant kid, your parents literally raise you to feel guilty. They didn't cross the Atlantic on a boat for a mediocre child. They didn't walk cm away from a bomb on their way to the airport for Bs and Cs. They didn't forfeit their Masters and Doctorates for mediocre jobs for you to learn languages (quoting my parents, who have since then giving up on me – best feeling ever). In High School, we had a project where we needed to invent a monologue, and most immigrant kids were crying their eyes out because they decided to talk about school and how they must not have their parents feel like immigrating was a waste of time. Another friend of mine who's a 3rd generation immigrant also was given high standards, since literally every single member of her family on her mother's side are doctors, and she is expecting to be just that. Her grandpa didn't go through all of this to have poor descendants. 

My biracial classmates and friends all had their white parent as the "chill one". The non-white parent always went ballistic on them for "not trying hard enough". I only know of one immigrant white kid (from France), and she is like all other white kids. I thought French people would be tougher but even my French teacher (immigrated from France less than two decades ago) was really chill with her child, despite being very strict with us.

So yeah. I always thought since we're not "in our country", we were given higher expectations. It never really goes away, until someone gets "white-washed". Apparently, I am white-washed, so if it means my kids will be happy and not forced to do things they do not enjoy, then heck yes, I am happy to be white-washed.  




 Hey thanks for mentioning Asperger's because it's yet another thing I have considered. Though my last therapist didn't try to give me a diagnosis, she did however talk about how similar I am to her autistic or Aspie patients. She even used the same technique she would use on someone who is autistic to "cure" my social anxiety and to get me out of my shell. My 3rd to last therapist was the one actually concluding that anxiety and depression are part of my personality and there is nothing that could be done, but back then I thought she was just being lazy after eating my money and staying silent through most sessions. Then my last therapist's failure to change anything in a year led her to believe nothing could be done (though she blamed it on herself and I hate myself to this day for making her feel this way. she was the nicest). It's comforting to find someone so similar.

Thank you for the reply!  




 Thank you for the comment! 

It helps to know other people's opinion as well.  




 Thank you for the reply! 

I understand a formal diagnosis is a billion times better than an informal one, but I must admit that formal ones have not always worked the best for me. It took me 3 years to get any type of diagnosis for depression and anxiety, simply because the psychiatrists I would see only had maybe 20 minutes to pose a diagnosis, and they did not see the symptoms they wanted. Only in informal situations I feel comfortable talking about problems I may have (like now). I got real diagnoses from psychologists I saw on a weekly basis only because they observed me. Not once have I enumerated my problems; they either saw it or understood it from whatever else I would say or do. Now, I unfortunately do not have the time to have someone following me since I will be moving out of my home country, and moving to a country with a language I do not speak well is not ideal for that type of diagnosis.

I think most importantly, I wanted a label. It validates my behaviour. I know I'm not ~~just~~ crazy or ridiculous. Maybe I will never meet someone in real life who will understand and accept my behaviour, but I know someone out there does, and it feels so good.  




 It was by an "off duty" doctor. He's my sister's husband, someone I don't know very well (sister and I have not lived together since 2002 and only saw each other three times since then) but still he's family, so I don't know how legitimate his diagnosis can be. I've been over at their house for three weeks now, and randomly today, he tells me that after that many days of observations, he knows what I am and what I like. He told me what I was (SPD) but not what I like .. which is odd. 

Anyway. I do have almost all the symptoms people usually list. I'll use what is posted on the sidebar here: (skip if uninterested)

 * Emotional coldness: Through High School I was known as the cold-hearted kid who did not care. But I think I do care sometimes. Maybe not as much as other people (For instance I want to convince myself that when I'm away from my dog, the one 'thing' I think I care a lot about, I miss him but I don't think I do).
 * Limited capacity to express emotions: Yes. Related to the first one I guess.
 * Consistent preference for solitary activities: Even when I'm around people, I would much rather do things on my own. It was a pain in high school and college because most P.E. courses were team sports. 
 * Very few close friends, and a lack of desire for such: I don't think I have friends. When asked, I always say my dog is my only friend as a joke. But I do mean it. 
 * Indifference to praise or criticism: Here's the one symptom I don't think I can agree with. I'm afraid of criticism, and praises make me uncomfortable. So I do care. 
 * Preoccupation with fantasy and introspection: All the way. I didn't know that could be a symptom of anything but ridiculousness, to be honest. 
 * Lack of desire for sexual experiences with another person: I consider myself asexual. 

He also said what pushes him to think I have SPD is because I'm a loner. He's not the first doctor or "expert" to tell me that. And it's almost always the same phrase "No offense, but yeah you look like the biggest loner, it's why no one wants to approach you". I don't take offense in it to be honest. 

However, I was also diagnosed with Depression and (Social) Anxiety in the past, and these two diagnoses made so much sense, I kind of lived my life under those labels. And now I may have a new one, and sister's husband is insisting on forgetting about the two previous ones. 

Has anyone ever had a depression, social anxiety, and schizoid diagnosis? 

Thank you.

To be honest I'm just happy to have found something that makes even more sense than just depression and social anxiety. The "lack of sexual desire" and "preoccupation with fantasy and introspection" are too accurate for me not to consider this personality disorder. It shouldn't be like this, but I love knowing I'm under a known label, and I'm not just that weird kid who seems to invent all of those unheard-of problems. It makes me feel less insane and more worthy.  




 I would but I really don't want to experience intense anxiety before going through what could be the most stressful moment in my life. Thanks for the suggestion though. 




 I have two weeks left in my country of residence before moving to Europe for at least 15 months. I want to ask my long-time crush out and just go for it. What's stopping me? Social anxiety. No matter the outcome, I would still go through a paralyzing panic attack that would last days, which would then lead me to regretting it.

So I guess I'm choosing big regrets over smaller regrets + a panic attack. 

I hate myself.  




 No. They're not Muslim or not even in a Muslim country so they shouldn't have to obey to Muslim law. A Muslim can be offended though, the same way a Christian may be offended by the countless jokes about Jesus. But what happened in Paris is not, and never will be, justifiable.  




 I'm going to Germany and will be welcomed by a host family. I'm not the best at giving gifts, so I was wondering what is something I can give them that is inherently Canadian or Québécois? My go-to gift is usually maple syrup. 

Any other suggestions? Thank you : )  




 She's even more grown up now. [This picture](https://www.flickr.com/photos/travelingroths/15028192561/) is only 5 months old. 




 Same here. To this day, I do not know how rich or poor we really are. I could figure it out, but I don't want to know. I don't want to know if my mother was lying and we're way richer than she made it seem to the family, or if she was lying and we're way poorer than she made it seem to others (which would mean she's crippling under thousands of dollars worth of debt). She flaunts a richness we do not seem to have to her friends and strangers, yet tells the family sometimes she doesn't have money for groceries. Either way, I still feel like a burden, and since the age of 15, I started calculating all unnecessary cost she has spent on me, and my mind won't be at ease until this amount is fully reimbursed.  




 Well, looks like I'm going to start shaving or waxing all the time : ( I'm not one who thinks getting rid of hair certain places is necessary, but I really hate touching my chin and feeling the hair.

Thanks a lot for the comment! : ) 




 Not yet. I'm thinking of going to see a doctor for that though. But like I said, I won't be able to see a doctor (for free) before April or May, so unfortunately it'll have to wait. But it's definitely on my list!  




 I read about it and I have all the symptoms! Well, I used to. What's odd is that after being hospitalized 10 or so months ago, my menstrual cycle became extremely regular, and the cramps were mostly gone. I don't know if it's random or if what I was given through IV caused it. Usually I'd have heavy bleeding and cramps for a week, now I get cramps for one or two days, and my bleeding goes from mild to moderate. But I have the other symptoms. 

Whew, very strange. Getting an ultrasound isn't too much of a hassle. I'll get one if possible, and as soon as possible. 

Thank you very much!  




 I think so too. I was just worried. I thought it was just in my genes since my grandmother has a couple of hair here and there ... and then mine started growing very quickly and started forming small patches. My grandmother hadn't shaved in years! I need to shave at least once a month (not confident enough to let it be). I kind of want to let it grow for three to six months and see if it keeps on growing longer and longer. If it does, I would go see a doctor then. But since it has a grow spurt around the time I'm about to have my period, I'm thinking it's definitely something like too much androgen. Which isn't that big of a deal?  




 It's not a full beard but I have two small patches of long (5cm) very dark hair. Plus the way it curls makes it visible from afar. I think it's very noticeable, especially since it's paired with acne. Like I told someone else, it grows really fast around the time I'm supposed to get my period (which is also when acne appears), it is why I bothered asking. I used to think it was normal but then that's not what Google and my relatives were saying haha  




 Thank you for your comment!

I actually started using an eyebrow shaver but I guess I'll try waxing instead.  




 I thought so too but the only person who has normalized it was a Sikh girl with a full-grown beard. But then everyone else is acting like it shouldn't happen, especially since I'm 18.  




 It's not a full grown beard, but it's definitely visible. It's pretty long and it grows very fast. I last "shaved" on December 18th (It was really long and I was going to visit people) and on December 1st, it started growing back. Now, it's life five or so centimetres long. I have two distinguishable patches. 

 I think it's related to my menstrual cycle. My chin is like massacred when I'm about to have my period. Acne + chin hair. It's annoying.  




 Thank you! Hopefully soon enough I will be able to get tested. I'm just wondering though, is it that bad? I never knew it was a serious problem. I thought it was like women with a little hair over their upper lip.  




 I am a girl. I thought it was more common than it seems to be to have chin hair (since many girls have a moustache). Looks like it's not.  




 So whenever I tell a family member I have hair growing on my chin, they scream "Already?!" I had no idea having them at my age was that big of a deal. And then I went on trusty google, and the results are dramatic, as always. Hyperthecosis (too much androgen) is the least dramatic of the bunch, so I think it must be that.

So I'm wondering, how many youngish people have chin hair, and should I be worried? 

** I will not be able to see a doctor for at least four months, unless obviously I go to an emergency room or I pay (and I'm not a big fan of paying for things I can get for free, unless there's an emergency).  




 Oh really? I was going to use it in hopes of acquiring hipster friends.  




 I'm sorry this is a bit off topic, but thank you for making me discover the word "quaint" as I've never seen or heard it before (English is not my first language). It looks like its definition (attractively unusual or old-fashioned).  




 One bathroom is fine, but stalls are already scary as they are for many reasons: hygiene (it's like people respect individual bathrooms more than stalls), fear of being heard,  fear of being seen, few of being violated in any way. Most of those fear are expressed by women. I went to an all girl secondary school which had a coed primary school (both schools were in the same building but we each had our own floors) and surprisingly, after puberty, I became self-conscious enough to flush while peeing, cough while unwrapping a pad or tampon, inspect the ceiling or the spacing between doors (if you see what I mean). That's with other women. With men, paranoia and anxiety would go through the roof!

I have no idea how or when girls are taught to behave this way in bathrooms, but it's sadly common. 




 Oh I see. Alright I'll go on walks and hope I have access to a piano! ^^ 




 Unpopular opinion: I don't find this cringy. It's sad. She has either social anxiety, has been deceived many time before and just doesn't know how to respond to rejection, maybe a mix of both. Which suck. And then I'm reading the comments and looks like OP kept talking with her only because she was smoking hot ... It's pitiful.  




 I won't be in my own house so I don't think I'll be able to play games, but yes I'll walk around and be healthy and stuff. Maybe the person I'll be living with will have a piano, I can pick up a new hobby! 

Hey may I ask you a random question? While learning German, my teacher (who has not lived in Germany in 30 years but does visit her small city from time to time) said that cafés in Germany are different from what we (North Americans) know. Here, a café is a place to drink coffee, but it's not its only purpose. You can go there with your laptop and use their wifi for as long as you wish, do homework, or just chill with people or alone. Is it the same in Germany/Hannover?

Thank you in advance! : )  




 Thank you. I was just very frustrated and meditation made it worse ("quieting" my mind just makes it louder). I was using Headspace. I'll try your website. Thanks again : ) 




 How can you block off thoughts that your mind is creating? What stops the brain from thinking? Itself! But then if it does not want to cooperate, what do you do? 

I don't understand how people have control over their brain so much, making it hard for me to believe it sometimes. Meditation is basically all about controlling your thoughts but then it's your brain who does that, and the brain only gives you the illusion of having control when in fact, it's the one creating you, and making you think those things ... Maybe most people are just lucky to have 'easy going' brains? Or does my brain have "too much control"?  




 I'm from Montreal and the only time we hear the national anthem is during a hockey game.  




 I am wondering the same thing! Actually, I'm curious to know what were the survival rate before we became "civilized". Because unfortunately, our species needs women to survive longer since we are born extremely premature (contrary to most animals being independent in a couple of hours or a couple of years, we're not ready before five, six or more years). Maybe the fact that we are very social animals has a lot to with it, and an abandoned child even then would most likely find another caregiver. 

I'll look into that!  




 I hope this isn't too late, but I don't know about Au-pairing in the United States, as the other user stated, but I don't think you legally need to have experience when going to Europe, unless you're going through an agency. Obviously, a parent would never choose someone who never took care of children before, so babysitting is good. Also, try taking a CPR/First Aid class. It's always a plus.

Basically, it's up to you. It's for your own confort if you get as much experience as possible, and you'll get many more responses if you're experienced. Taking care of children is overwhelming, even when you know what you're doing. However when you have experience, you know how to go through it without completely losing it. 

Good luck! : ) 




 Good old tactic to get more clicks.  




 [Not really.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy) Even in countries where the average women has more than two children, and even in very poor countries, life expectancy of a woman is higher than that of a man. [Here's why.](http://news.health.com/2014/10/13/why-do-women-live-longer-than-men/) (feel free to look for other sources) I'm pretty sure we evolved to have mothers who can survive pregnancy, childbirth and live long enough to take care of her progenitor until they're strong and independent enough. We would be a useless and long dead species if most women did not survive, since our babies are premature as fuck.  




 Do you attract much attention?  




 May I ask you what racial group is the most represented? I am also of a culture where people do not encourage their children to talk (they find it annoying) at all but I never saw a child getting help from it.  




 Hello! 

I am from Montreal Canada, and I will be in Hannover for at least a year. Second time ever in Europe (first time was in Paris for a few days). 

Usually people ask questions about pubs or the Hannover nightlife. As I am quite asocial, I was wondering, what are the best "Loner Places" or "Loner Activities" in Hannover? Anything goes, as long as you're not expected to talk to people.

Thank you!  




 Depression is not rare. Almost everyone will go through it at some point. Others go through it "all their life". We just don't hear about it enough because may non-depressed people ridicule it and blame the sufferers for not "trying hard enough" or whatever they say.  




 Nah I get you. I lack confidence and social skills. On the rare occasions I decided to go for it, I would sound like that. I think it's enough motivation to never try again. 




 Okay, let me put it this way. 

70% of the population of *City A* is 5 and under. 65% of children 5 and under have *Deadly and Contagious Disease X*. Say you have a three-year-old daughter. It's no one's fault if 70% of the population is a toddler in *City A*, but *City A* is dangerous to your daughter's health, BECAUSE 70% of the population is a toddler. So say you live in *City A* because rent is cheaper or something, and you go online and say "Gosh, 60% of toddlers are sick. What an unsafe environment for my child." How are you acting like the number is higher than it should be? If most of the population is dangerous, and they just happen to be of a certain group, then you can affirm that said group is more dangerous than another. Like all statistics linking race and crime rate do (though it's actually linked to poverty, and we can link poverty to race). So comparatively, White people commit 'more' crimes than other races. - I am not confirming that fact since I did not research the statistics myself. I am just saying that thinking he's making it seem bigger than it is, is exaggerated.  




 The problem is that I don't see where or how he's acting like it's higher than it should be.  




 The excessive exclamations after using only two? Ok. 




 "Less crimes than expected" what is that supposed to mean. It's still more than half! Wether there are 3 people or 3 million, if 2/3 of them are criminals, it's still 2/3!  




 Yes I will. Thank you : ) 




 Yes that is what I was planning on doing. I was just getting accustomed to the system beforehand. However I couldn't find the information myself. 




 I'll be spending 12-14 months in Germany. 




 If you cancel with them, they charge you, sometimes more than the actual price of the ticket (from what I read on websites like Yelp). I was worried for my credit card too but one positive thing people said was that before charging you, they send you an email beforehand (and they do send at least one email a day so that would not surprise me). I will however check my bill to make sure I am not being scammed. 

Thank you though : ) 




 Nope. I am leaving from Montreal, going to Germany (layer in London). I have an American passport though, but I did not disclaim that information, so I don't think that's it. 

Definitely learned my lesson. I won't cancel though since they will charge me. But so far it's just confusing, not terribly exasperating. Yet.

Glad to see a few people who have nothing negative to say about it. The reviews are so discouraging.  




 I am not from Europe.  




 With the sketchy-looking website and the terrible reviews, I honestly didn't feel comfortable sharing any information with them.
 Thank you very much! 




 I'm on mobile so I'm sorry for formatting. 




 I bought one-way tickets to Germany through Kayak, but they redirected me to a website called airfare. I have never heard of them, but quite frankly it's only my second time booking a flight on my own (I'm 18) and the first time, it went well (it was not with airfare, still through Kayak).

Anyway so I booked my ticket, got a confirmation email the next day saying it's all processed and I'm basically ready to go, but here we are, two days later, and I receive this:

" Dear Traveler, 
Government authorities around the world have tightened security considerably at Airports so that you can travel safely to your destination. 
With that in mind, we are required to collect 'Advance Passenger Information' from all passengers before travel, on behalf of government authorities. 
You must provide this information to us to complete the ticketing process. 
It is important that the information provided is accurate. 
Advance Passenger Information refers to specific Passport details and we need the below information in order to process your Airline ticket(s). 
•	Passport number 
•	Country which issued your passport 
•	Passport expiry date 

Thank you for making your booking withAirfare.com"

Should I do as I am told? 

Thanks in advance. 




 Great! Ustra's "Fares" page isn't working for some reason and I couldn't find anything else. 

Thank you very much! : ) 




 I'm sorry if this is not the right subreddit, but /r/hannover has been inactive for a full month. 

So as the title says, are there monthly passes in Hannover if I want to take the bus/s-bahn? I can only find informations about day passes (online), but I'm having a hard time believing that's all there is ...

Thank you in advance.  




 Yep, he is no exception. Like I said, prestigious schools send their students overseas, and prestigious school only board kids of important people, including the Kim family.  




 I think "any second" is inaccurate. In Astronomy, the "near" future is at least tens of thousands of years. Also, it would not affect us the way you're describing it. It will affect whatever is chilling outside out atmosphere, including humans, but thank goodness Earth has a trusty atmosphere that's doing pretty good despite the shit we're making it go through. However the upper part of it would be damaged, including our ozone layer, which is where the problem would start. But no, it's not immediate doom, and it's not going to happen "any second" from now.  




 I know the words, I understand the words, but I always want to fully understand by imagining it ... then I realize nothing else is infinite, and nothing else is "expending into itself". Frustration.  




 In all seriousness, the odds of that happening are so slim. Look at what's happening on Earth. We're the most intelligent species, with language and an advanced understanding of our existence (according to us .. haha), yet our DNA are 50% similar to that of a Banana, 90% similar to a cat's ... Small variations in the DNA results in huge differences. The odds of having living beings similar to us on another part of the Universe is unimaginable because of that (not impossible though I mean. Who knows). Plus we probably wouldn't have the same 'definition' of alive or intelligent. They could be right before our eyes and we wouldn't know ...
 It's very sad to be honest.  




 You are lucky I think. Most people do not have relatives as understanding as yours seem to be. And I  truly think, like OP said, though  your  situation might  stay the same (or feel like it), relatives and friends will likely forget about you. Grieve and move on. So ultimately, you staying isn't making them that big of a favour. 

My opinion anyway.  




 It was definitely irrational, but after ending up in  the hospital after my first  attempt, my family saw it as a victory. "Ha. You can't escape us." type of thing. They talked psychiatrists out of taking care of me, got me out the  mental hospital, high fived (figuratively) and moved on. Prior to that, my sadness were also victories, my tears their trophy. But whenever I would take a decision, make myself suffer in x or y manner, they'd feel insulted. So to me, suicide was my last fuck you to them.

But later I realized my suicidal thoughts and actions were definitely not only caused by them since I'm still having them and my parents affect me less. 




 Exaclty. People who think their dogs are ruthless sex addicts like they are and they "deserve to know that feeling of freedom" are idiots. 




 The whole point of existence is selfishness. Survival class is basically How to Be Selfish 101 because you must make sure you're out of danger before helping someone else. Our ancestors were selfish so they wouldn't have to share their food too much and die. So many other examples of how selfishness is what has made us survive as a species. Therefore it's a good kind of selfishness.

Now. About suicide, it is still the good kind of selfishness. You're not living for others, especially if said others are your parents, friends, etc.. The only people who need you would be your children, but that's on a moral standpoint. No where does it say you owe them your life (though I truly believe that is a true statement. You owe your kids everything). Family and friends will be in grief, but if you're in a deep depression and you choose to stick around to please them, you're in for one hell of a ride since life is the single thing you cannot handle anymore. It is selfish of any relatives to say "Think about us!" because they are not telling you to live for yourself, they're telling you  to stick around so they don't have to go through pain, while you can continue suffering. Isn't that  selfish? 

Ok now think of someone with a terminal illness who  is suffering. Wouldn't it be only fair if they asked for a no-resuscitation bracelet? Even if the family does not want them to die? Because it's their suffering, not the family's. 

Its no rocket science. Your life = you live for you. I am not promoting suicide, but there is nothing I can think of that would ever make me relevant in whatever situation the person is going through. I am battling depression and ironically, thinking about my family was the best motivation to my suicidal attempts. Because my life  wasn't theirs and I couldn't wait to tell them that without any fear. 




 How is that not selfish. "Live! Think about us before thinking about yourself!" 




 ITT : People who know very little about hacking and/or North Korea. 




 Many North Koreans know how the West is or how they view North Korea. Prestigious schools send their kids overseas all the time. Yet after their trip, for some  reason they become more supportive of their country's regime. Probably out of fear to speak up. So no. That would not change  anything. 




 Really now? Giving up on the only worthy piece of greenery we have? 




 Why are you so upset? Damn ... 




 If you fail to understand the meaning of "sexualize" in this entire debate, don't even bother chiming in. It's like you did not read the entire thing, but you're commenting along.  




 This, I agree with. It's just my opinion, and no, I can't find actual facts proven by scientists! I can only rely on feelings and personal knowledge (mixed with culture maybe). But yeah. I also suck at expressing myself, especially in English.  




 [Yes](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2363193/No-time-family-You-Parents-children-spend-hour-day-modern-demands.html) and no. There are articles out there, but my personal opinion comes from personal experience with my family of childcare providers, teachers, therapists, etc.

The problem is our modern day (that is, from 1945) tendencies: mothers must work now, everyone has longer hours, and everyone is tired. My mother works in a daycare and there are kids who arrive at the same time or before her (7 AM), and some leave way after her, as late as 7 PM. Sometimes, she has to bring a kid home because the parents never come! And what's funny is that many of those parents are extremely rich people who do not work (my city has many Italian millionaires and many send their kids to my mother's daycare), yet they are the ones with many nannies, filling up daycares to make it impossible for others to place their children, and seldom knowing their children's personalities. 

I also read an article about psychology. It was French and from a book, so I can't send you a link. It doesn't say "Parents spend less time with their children", but it does say that parents often rely on others when it comes to parenting their children. In North America anyway. It is why like 50% of kids have ADHD because there is no one to take care of their individual needs, even though they have parents and that's kind of their purpose and job ... A relative's friend is sending her four-year-old to therapy to get potty trained! How crazy! Anyway. That's another debate. But yes, the increase of mental health diagnoses is related to our inability (or lack of motivation?) to treat individual children, so we rather group 30 kids in one room, hope they act the same, and the one requiring more individual attention will have a diagnosis of any kind and be sent to professionals. 

It's often not the parents' fault, but it's not impossible to spend time with your child and devote your time off to them. Even with a full time job! It just demands a lots of energy and giving up on your "alone time". 




 Do you have a view that is based on evidence or reason? Do we have CGI depicting child porn?  




 I'm telling you that we do not agree on one and only thing: how we view sex. That is all. 




 Alright. This is going nowhere. I know my English is not the best but it's like you're purposely dodging what I'm saying at this point. I'm just repeating myself. 

I give up.  




 So you're telling me earlier it's okay to have opinions, now you're all on my throat because I'm not giving you scientific results of extensive researches. It's an opinion. Mostly based on feelings and morals. 

The problem is that you do not see it as wrong (which is a feeling, so opinion). Some things are just wrong because the majority thinks so. Rape is wrong because we think so, but some cultures still does not see the difference between rape and sex. Now this idea of sexualizing things as wrong is new, so it'll take time before it catches up but I sure as hell hope it does. 

No, I am not being inconsistent. In your head as in no one knows about it =/= in your head as in mental difference/difficulty. 

All I'm saying is this. I have an opinion. I obviously like my opinion. Yours is the opposite, and I find it sickening. Which is bad because it's your opinion. Opinion, by the way, meaning based on feelings, experiences, among other things. We're trying to convince each other, because you want freedom of doing whatever, I want people to stop sexualizing everything there is because my opinion is that it's harmful. It just is. Based on nothing. Like most opinions.  




 Ok first of all, sexualizing someone does not mean you find them attractive. Sexualizing them means to make them sexual. Plain and simple. A banana for a horny woman is not attractive, but it becomes a sexualized object. If you fail to distinct sexual and physical (and emotional, let me throw this one in) attraction, I'm very sorry for what you are missing.

Second, now that we understand what sexualizing means, it is wrong to sexualize something that was not meant to be sexualized, especially if you expect whoever is/has those thing to respond positively to your sexual impulses. That is something people can't understand yet it's so simple ... I could be walking butt naked outside, don't expect me to be okay with you voicing your sexual interests, or acting upon them.

Now whatever happens in your head is no one's business if it stays in your head. I bet many people have fantasized about violent sexual relationships, even if it's abusive. But that's cool I mean it's your issues. Now if you expect others to think it's okay when they don't, or you're using the fact that whoever is in question can't have an opinion on it, then you're in the wrong. It is why the law protects 16 year olds and younger when it comes to sex. Technically, they're mature enough for it physically, have taken the decision themselves, but they are not mature enough to understand the repercussions that may actually comes with it.  




 I can follow it ... or else why would I want someone to follow it? And obviously your example is wrong and exaggerated, and you sound like a smart person so I think you understand exactly what I meant.  




 I think the problem is that you do not see what is wrong with sexualizing things against their will. If said thing has no will, why sexualize it? Unless it's an object, then .. well it's an object. 

Yes, you sexualizing a person who didn't allow you to is wrong, but that's too new of an idea for people to understand it. I can't wait for humanity to change and see what is wrong with this tendency.  




 Not really, since he's dead. But it does affect children because they're sexualized! It's so simple! What else can I say? Anyway.  




 Some things are just morally wrong, and that's one of them. Morally wrong things (like murdering a homeless man) affects no one really. But they still wrong. 

Anyway. See, we just have different opinions, and you seem to not understand why my understand is what it is, just like I don't understand why yours is what it is.  




 So? So if you don't know what's happening, it can't affect you? And sexualizing children is not just wrong without any need of justification? This is where I will never understand you and people sharing your opinion. But oh well. Whatever.  




 I think it affects children negatively, by sexualizing them. I'm repeating myself but that's the whole problem for me. If it's not for you, okay. But it is a huge problem for me, needing no further explanation.  
























 Thank you! I think I was relying too much on the packaging I am familiar with.  




 Thank you! I didn't know that. Though the shape and length look different, I think it's the perfect thickness!  




 Thank you very much! I have yet to spot a Müller so I'll look for one.  




 Stereotypically, people always say that Germany is full of introverts, people don't talk to each other .... maybe that's the truth in big cities like Berlin, but definitely not where I am (which is still pretty big in European standards, half a million people). People here are so friendly, some will talk to you for no particular reason. I used to live in Montreal (more than 3 million people), and unless you know someone, you don't look at them, you don't acknowledge them, you stay in your lane. Germany so far has been different.  

And the only odd or outcasts I have met in my life were all in primary school. Primary school was good for me because I was just "shy", and not anxious or asocial. In High School, they were no outcasts. It was an all-girl school so I guess we just got each other's back (doesn't mean we all loved each other, but everyone had at least a group of friends). In College, I don't see how it's possible to spot those people when you barely see the same people twice in the semester, unless they're in your class. And in class, it's hard to tell who's odd or boring or whatever. 

I personally don't really find people boring. I mean, their personality cannot be. I could think that something they're interested in is boring for me, but the fact that they're into it is not. For instance one of the person I'm living with is into Stark Trek. He bought this Stark Trek board game, and I enjoyed watching him play. Would I play myself? Never. Too boring (plus if you need to talk in a game, I'm not into it). But watching people into it playing was really fascinating and cool.  




 Thank you! Yes, they are the very thick ones, and very long. They are almost like a diaper, sometimes too big to even fit your underwear. I have seen the ultra ones and they seem so thin!  




 Thanks for the links and the info! However, I do not like thin pads, and I do not like short pads. I really don't care about looking like wearing a diaper, for some reason, I am extremely prone to accidents and those "diaper-like" sizes have been the most helpful. 

And yeah, Always sure is expensive, but it works well! : )

Edit: Okay, you said expensive. I was thinking like 5-6 euros for a pack of 20 (since it was 7-8 dollars in Canada), but I went on Amazon, and the cheapest I found was 75 euros. What?!?! 




 Hello. I am a girl, dealing with girl stuff once a month. 

I just moved to Germany two months ago, and, well, that time of the month is about to come by for the third time. I planned ahead before leaving, and I bought enough pads for the first two times. However, my supply is already running low. So my question is, [where can I find this specifically](http://pics.drugstore.com/prodimg/492963/220.jpg)? I have been to Rossman, Lidl, DW, and all I can find are thin pads or tampons. I do not like tampons. Please help?

I am in Hannover, if that changes anything, but honestly, I am willing to travel far and wide for those pads. 

Thank you : )
 




 I have social anxiety too, actually. And I had therapy for that. My therapist had a hard time understanding why I wasn't trying hard enough, even though I really was. She would force me to do those things I don't naturally do, like looking up when I walk or look people in the eyes during a conversation. I wouldn't start conversation with strangers (or anyone) unless I had to. I think the anxiety is milder now, which I am thankful for. 

I have had some pleasurable social interactions, but they were usually because I was doing something I loved first, and people just happen to be there with me. Back in my home city, there was this hipster café I absolutely loved. I would go out with a couple of high school classmates there only because I knew that, one, I loved the atmosphere, it helped my anxiety calm down. Two, there is wifi, and being young adults, we love our internet (so quiet time for me). Three, the food was amazing and I am a food lover (more quiet time for me). Them being here was no problem, and being in a place that promoted non-awkward silences helped a lot. But that doesn't really make me happy. I want it to make me happy. 

Now I have been in Germany for two months. I have no friends or acquaintances at all, and I seldom talk to people back home. It doesn't bother me, I don't feel the need to go and be sociable. But the people I live with, a lovely couple and their baby, are so happy that sometimes, I can't help but wish I had their life. However I know being in a relationship will not happen, and having a social life is unimaginable. I think I could be a mother, but how good of a mother can I be? Another topic, still figuring myself out in that department. 

Anyway. Sorry this came out long and uninteresting. But having depression, anxiety, and SPD at the same time? It's like someone wanted me to have a shit life. And they've been successful so far.  




 Thank you! I have been trying meditation for a while but I'm having trouble "quieting my mind". Any advices?  




 Ah thank you. When I will be able to get help, I will ask if I can try it maybe. I'll read about it first though.  




 I understand, that I am not SPD, but I still have it. It was not a choice, and I am finding it hard to accept (at least right now). My brain is in constant contradiction mode. The things I want to enjoy are things I cannot enjoy. I can get out of my shell, fake the best social skills in the world, go out with a a few high school classmates with whom I felt comfortable to talk with, and .... I don't enjoy it. I can't enjoy it. I want to go home and be alone. Then I go home, see them interacting with other people, then I get envious and sad. 

It's just a very annoying thing to go through, and I don't see how to fix it.

I just moved to another country and I still don't have insurance, plus because of what I am doing, I don't think therapy is a wise thing to go through. For the next year at least, I can't get help.

I'll probably feel better soon, get over it, go back to my old hermit self. But next month, I'll reach another low, then another high (it's really 'median'), then an another low.  




 From depression comes envy, from envy comes depression ... how do you deal with it all? 

Uninteresting life story/rant below. 

Lately, I have been quite envious of seemingly happy people I see. What they have that seem to make them happy are things I will most probably never have: a relationship and friendships.

I don't care for those things actually, but to see so many people seemingly happy from those, kind of make me envious. On top of that, nothing really makes me happy, and the only emotions I get are from looking at these people's lives. And from that envy comes my depression. 

It's currently 1:50 AM, I have to wake up at 6 AM, and I am sitting on my bed, listening to a recording of rain on repeat, and wondering why I was doomed with this shitty personality disorder. Why I was doomed to be boring, asexual, unattractive, you know. All the traits that should keep me away from a relationship. What made me boring, odd, a bit of an outcast. All the traits that should keep me away from friendships. 

Not the greatest night, to be honest. But thank you for reading.  




 There was a similar case of a woman letting her boyfriend use her credit card. They broke up, she wanted her money back. Judge Judy simply said: Too bad, not his problem. (and added, if he were a decent human being he would reimburse her, but legally, the judge doesn't have to force him to do it). However, he seems to acknowledge the need to pay her back, so that would ruin his case. If he acted like it was a gift or the mother allowed him to use the card without reimbursement (which is believable, happens all the time between parents and their children), he would have won. 

Time for me to watch another show.  




 I've been watching Judge Judy on repeat for the past week or so.

He can legally bring his mother to justice if this actually belongs to him. And he most probably will win, since legally, it's his. 




 No it's fine. : )

And I wondering that, too. I read a book a while back about the man who was born in a work camp (Camp 14), and who escaped. Even he went to school, and school was highly enforced in his camp. Of course, it was mostly half day since he had to work in the fields most of his time.

What's odd is that in those camp, or at least in camp 14, they do not talk about Korea 'the country' or the peninsula. They don't teach history, geography ... they don't even mention Kim Jong-Il, his son or his father. I thought maybe they wanted the country to be literate just so they can have everyone read and write about their great leaders, but then I don't see the purpose of schools in camps, especially when most people are there forever.  




 It reminds me of when my dog was a puppy (about 2 pounds) and he fell on his leg, which hurt so much, he cried for a while. While trying to check on him, he bit me and I didn't even move my arm or said anything because I felt like he was terrified enough and there was no way for him to comprehend that I was trying to help him. Fast forward to the present day, I am taking care of a child who tends to bite when he's unhappy (he's learning how to walk and falling on his butt is something he hates, even though his diaper is enough cushion to make it all painless). I respond with a 'no biting' and I move away. I don't feel bad about it, simply because he can understand that I'm not trying to be mean, while I feel like my dog would have thought that I was trying to hurt him. 

I know this is a mild example compared to suffering and death, but still. I think animals are just too innocent, as you said, to know what's happening. 




 Ok, and how often do you actually play the game? 




 You're right. I'm sorry.

Here's the link I fell upon though. At the bottom they quoted the CIA's informations. I didn't notice that the data was 5-6 years old!

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_North_Korea 




 But these types of maps at not just for the pretty colours. It can open up discussions, for instance you can lesrnwquote a lot of history (North Korea) or demography (Portugal) from those maps, especially when each time there is one, a different group of people get to discuss what the map shows, so different type of knowledge is exchanged. 




 It's actually 99%, according to a world fact sheet I believe published by the US government, and when Wikipedia has them as a source, it says 99%.

I wish I could find the page I'm talking about but I'm on mobile 




 I don't know how the 70s were since I'm a 90s kid (⌐■_■)
But maybe it's culture? In South Korea, grown men (and women) kiss kids, boys and girls, and they're not labeled as perverts. I guess the difference is that in Korea, the children I've seen being kissed were 6 and under, and their gender did not matter (and the kiss didn't come with those unnecessary compliments).  




 Why are you acting like someone somewhere knows where they came from? We just know Judaism started somewhere around that area, and nothing is proving the opposite. Unless this was taken from what the traditions say (and it was not), you can pretty much rely on that because trust me, Historians don't just guess out of the blue. If the first synagogue of those Chinese Jews was similar to those of people of that region, or if the traditions (actions or prayers, clothes, whatever) are similar, it's okay to assume they were contacted by them at some point.

We literally cannot know if anything we haven't personally seen is 100% correct, but educated guesses are as good as it gets. Please. 




 It started somewhere un the Middle East, like all three monotheistic religions. I said Israel because that's what tradition says.  




 Usually so called smart people never say they need less work. They actually enjoy doing more in order to fine-tune and master whatever they're learning.  




 One billion dollars. 

I would buy my citizenship (if possible) in France, which would then allow me to live anywhere in the EU. Then of course, if I were to live in France, it would be in Paris. If not, then Hamburg, Germany it is. I would not need a big house. I enjoy small spaces and simple furnishing. IKEA would still be my #1. Then, I'd adopt children. I would pay extra just to make the process quicker (I don't mind the numerous home studies and such, but if there was a way to have my files studied faster, I'd pay for it), and I would adopt at least four children. No nannies or anything, I would do this on my own. Then the rest of my money would be for my children. Obviously, I won't be like "Here. Have 100 dollars and be happy for the day." However I would pay for 'field trips' to the museum or whatever they're into. I would pay for whatever activity they want to do. I would pay for that trip to that place they want to go. I would not let them know that we're extremely fortunate until they're much older, so they wouldn't grow up to be entitled. I would encourage them to make their own money for the frivolous things they want, but still help out if I think they're working hard enough. Then once my children would have graduated school or found a long-term job, I would give them my fortune (split equally between them). I would keep maybe half a million, or whatever I would need to live in a city I love, in a small studio apartment. 

Oh, and I'd buy a Tesla.  




 Honest answer here. 

I would not say I am ugly (not a lost cause), but I am definitely not attractive. I don't really care about it. The few times I got hit on (literally 3 times), I hated it. I flt gross and objectified, I wanted to disappear and forgotten. I have social anxiety so that could be it. I'm glad I am not attractive enough to have it happen often. I would hate life.  




 Haiti whenever it pops up on the news. Lived there most of my childhood. When the earthquake happened, I remembered seeing all those places I used to see on my way to and from school. The worst was the presidential palace, which is still destroyed. I used to love this place because every morning at 7, they play the national anthem, and if you happen to be near it, the men (or the driver? My mother never got out, but she never drove the car herself) of the car had to go out and put his right hand on his heart. This, to me, meant I would be a couple of minutes late to school, and it also usually was when I would practice my acting skills (faking a stomach ache or something to miss a day).  




 Well yeah, of course. Like I said, Judaism either has groups of converted people of the same small region, or people you can historically trace back to Western Asia/The Middle East.  




 Again, not saying all Jewish people came from one couple from 4000+ years ago. I am saying that they did not mix much, meaning the religion stayed within the same race(s). At first, it started with Middle Easterners, then you have converted (a few mixed) Africans, the diaspora that spread throughout Europe, and converted (a few mixed) Asians. And even among those mixed communities, they do not mix very much either. All of this of course is compared to Christians.  




  It is surmised that a small community of Jews, most likely from Persia or India, arrived either overland or by a sea route, and settled in the city, building a synagogue in 1163.

So, some were converted by those Western Asians, or born of one Jewish parent from Western Asia.  




 Wikipedia has a date, but it is based on what their sacred texts say.

It's not hard to believe that Ethiopians were converted. Say Judaism started in modern-day Israel. It is known that the Jewish community then went to Northern Africa (Mediterranean sea), and from Northern Africa (from Egypt), the went a little South. Judaism started roughly 4000 years ago, and apparently, Ethiopian Judaism became a thing some time during the 4th century.  




 But aren't they of the same 'race' as well? I mean, of course it is a diverse race with different communities, kind of like the word 'White' means both Spanish and Lithuanian, despite the differences. 

In Africa, you have the Northern African Jews, who are part of the 'Mediterranean Jewish' community. Then, you have the 'Beta' Jews of Ethiopia and surrounding regions (about 150 000 individuals), then descendants of European Jews who went to South Africa after the war. They don't mix very much, so they still remain the three communities of Jews in Africa. 

As for Eastern Asia, from the little I know, most were converted, or born from one Jewish parent either from Western Asia or Europe.  




 I am American, though I never lived in the US ... but I spent 10 years of my life in Canada before moving to Europe, so I guess that's close enough.

Anyway. I have been in Germany for two months, and I DESPISE how inconvenient it is to live in such a country when you're used to being a lazy bum. For instance, people seldom wear sweatpants here, because it's seen as lazy and you're labeled 'on social services'. Meaning, I have to wear pants. No "messy hairstyles", meaning, it's better to lose your train/bus or wake up earlier than it is to just make a messy bun. Very few pre-prepared food in supermarkets, meaning either cooking or walking to a food place. And inconvenient business times (many places close at 5 pm during the week, and everything is closed on Sundays). Of course, it doesn't bother Germans since most do their shopping before, but my lazy ass would sleep-in on a Saturdays. What do I do now? I actually leave my house on Saturdays. What is this blasphemy?! 

I know most other countries are like Germany. Only Canada and rich parts of Mexico seem to be as lazy-inducing as the US.  




 The thing is African and Asian Jews were relatively recently converted, when European or Middle Eastern Jews have been into that religion form many generations, making it kind of exclusive to those few races.  




 No. Pretty sure they meant just going back into the family tree of jews who were born into that religion, and see that they are all descendants of the same people.  




 Same here. I'm actually terrified of the colour of deep water itself.

One day, [I was looking at a false colour image of the Sun](http://copypast.ru/engine/modules/imagepreview.php?image=http://copypast.ru/uploads/posts/1265760739_sun_stereo_4dec2006_lrg.jpg), and the blue of the background reminded me of deep sea. I still get anxiety from looking at it.  




 I would keep my period tracker just so I can celebrate every time my period would have been due. I would buy red velvet cake, drink strawberry daiquiri and sleep in the nude on my freshly bleached white covers.  




 We're going on a trip **in** our favourite rocket ship, **zooming** through the sky, Little Einsteins.

Please. Respect the artists!  




 One day I farted under my covers.

Never again. That shit gross.  




 Sorry, I was thinking of the wrong thing. My mistake. I meant to say that since they're so low, they're still within the Earth's magnetic field, but that protects them from solar flairs, not radiation.  




 But I don't understand how being in the ISS is comparable to being in actual outer-space. Isn't the ISS located in a relatively secure place? Protected from radiation or anything potentially lethal? And don't we know already know what happens after a prolonged time in 'space'? Why not send people further away? I understand the ISS is the safest place we've got out there, since it's so close, but wouldn't it be more effective to work towards having a mini training and studying (as in, scientific studies) village on the Moon? We have the technology to send people there, that's for sure.  




 Why does whenever a question like this pops up, people act like Reddit is the only good thing about their life? It's really, really sad.  




 Totally agree with you. Period blood is two things: blood + bodily function. Every hates to see at least one of those, so imagine a combination of the two. I think the only bodily fluid I have seen on Instagram was snot from a baby's nose. 

Now, if that was on another website (like Tumblr or Reddit), I would understand the reason why people were getting upset. Those two websites are okay with pretty much anything, so it would seem misogynous to censure such an image. But from Instagram? It's 100% normal.  




 As much as this is dumb, dumber adults will see this and think "Well, they are too young to have fully mastered the art of multitasking behind the wheel! I can do it because I've been driving for 10+ years!"

Adults do this too, unfortunately. But for some reason, it's more okay than if it's a kid.  




 How so? I think it makes the Earth looks like a sphere we're inside of, especially since you can see light from the horizon.  




 Since there is about one total solar eclipse a year, just find a plane and follow the path of the moon's shadow. Sometimes, the path is in the middle of the ocean, down in the South Pole, etc. Other times it's at convenient locations (eve more convenient than this year's). Next year, it will be right on some Malaysian/Indonesian islands, and I believe in 2017, there will be one in mainland USA, so this will be quite possible to see again : ) 




 I think it was done on purpose though.  




 It's very hard to capture stars with (what seems to be) a very basic camera phone.  




 Well, you know the human body unconsciously reacts to things that could be harmful to it by giving you chills or making you feel creeped out or uncomfortable around it. It is why some people get the chills when looking at certain mushrooms, or holes (trypophobia). Your body is telling you "Don't you dare try eating/approaching this." Because that thing is potentially lethal and some of our ancestors learned it the hard way.  




 Or funniest, most interesting, etc. 




 I missed one English class once because I was feeling depressed as fuck. I went to a place that could help me calm down  (and not deal with social interactions, as I have social anxiety as well). The next class, the teacher was kind of harsh to me for missing that day. Guess who never stepped foot in that class ever again. 

Thankfully, my therapist helped me get my failing grade cancelled. To this day I am still extremely thankful. 




 Too many would be to have slept with every humans on Earth. Actually, no. It would be very impressive.  




 My mother is a master at getting compensations, but I think the biggest has to be virtually getting a free smartphone. We were asked to pay it monthly, but due to a mistake (that we could have avoided actually), the company decided to cancel our bill for it.  




 People usually don't know, simply because you look normal. Obviously bad depression makes you look sad and grumpy and tired all the time, but who isn't in High School/College? 

However if your thoughts always involve death, if whenever you go outside you count the many ways you could die "accidentally", or if you start giving up on your responsibilities because you're not afraid of future consequences (meaning, you believe you won't be there to have to fix them), then yes. Those are very obvious signs of wanting to attempt suicide.  




 I don't think it would change much, since most Christians only care about the "Son of God" part. I think Jesus definitely believed to have been important enough to have "God talk to him" and maybe "called him his son". People would just have to accept that he might not have been born from a virgin, executed on the cross, yadiyada (which some Christians see as symbols anyway, and not facts). 

I think the biggest issue would be his race.  




 Growing up in a third world country, I never had tap water. Maybe twice after moving to Canada, and it legitimately gave me stomach aches (despite being healthy). I only drink bottled water or filtered water.  




 Who has been making your smoothies? Either make it home or go to those hipster places where you see them make their food. It's only frozen fruits (and vegetables, sometimes) and water.  




 This reminds me of an episode of American Dad, when Stan gets super excited for his wife's high school reunion because his wife used to be homecoming queen, and he wanted people to know that. The runner-up got fat and stopped caring for her appearance (from depression), and she became Stan's laughingstock. But then a time capsule from prom revealed that the runner-up was actually the winner, and so Stan momentarily leaves his wife and goes on a date with runner-up. Stan was a shitty person for thinking the 'prettiest girl shall be his', even though all this happened 20 years prior.

This post makes you sound like a shitty person for the same reason.  




 Also, they're not "trying too hard", and will not insult you just for the sake of insulting you (despite putting on a show, they don't go overboard with the insults). Ramsay/Cowell will insult your entire family line, then tell you what you did wrong to deserve such insults. While that girl, whatever her name, I don't know what she was trying to do, actually.  




 I'm a fat black girl and I have social anxiety (no sass from me). 

MY GENES FAILED ME!  




 I live in Hannover. Yes, dogs are extremely well-behaved but not the owners. They seldom pick-up after their dog. There's dog poop everywhere. I was walking down my street one day and I saw dog poop on someone's windshield. Not even surprised anymore as I've seen some on walls, windows, in the metro ...  




 Random but my linguistics teacher says it's starting tone universal. I honestly don't understand how she can say such a thing when a country like Canada has two different sign languages, and the BSL and the ASL, which are both English, have different alphabets and signs.  




 Well, you know, around the world, the sounds used by ambulances, fire trucks, etc. change. Maybe they live some place else where it resembles the busy signal.  




 Thank you for this. I'm struggling to be fun, to be honest. I have such a mellow attitude, only very young children can be tricked into believing that I am a fun person. Thank goodness the child I am looking after is one year old. However even with him, I feel like I'm not doing enough. Oh well :/ 




 Eh. This comment makes me feel uncomfortable. My country is an ex slave colony of France, and that was kind of one of the "arguments" from France to remain one of theirs. "Without France, you'd be nothing, ungrateful bastards!" 




 Let's put it this way. It's your first pregnancy, you're carrying twins. Say you live in a country where the time of birth is not noted, so you only know they both came out the same day. Then three years later, you give birth to another child. Is this child your second or your third?  




 I don't think it's a good reason. Japan will not lose their culture if they allow other cultures to immigrate massively into their country. Look at Germany. Their immigration bureaus are booming with new immigrants and refugees every day, yet the stereotypical image of Germany is still present. Still lots of beer and pretzels, still the amazing Christmas markets, still the traditional clothing (for special events), and still the same holidays.  




 Same with the Caribbean. I would like to know what's the average age of my home country, please.   




 The standard Apple alarm tone has given me so much anxiety (chest pain, hyperventilating ... yes, my body is quite dramatic) from hearing it so often in ads that I now use another one. I can't stand this sound.  




 Something I've noticed with myself, I pick up other people's mannerism quite rapidly. I am now living with someone with facial and vocal tics, and apparently, I now have facial tics too that I do control, yes, but I unawarely do them. 

Does it happen to you?  




 Right! And what bothers me the most is when I hear other Black people (I'm black, from the West Indies) who talk down on LGBT people. Not too long ago, we were literally going through the same. I don't understand why the majority of us isn't supportive of them, especially since we can relate on a personal level?? 




 I am living with a wonderful Host Family in Germany. They are a married couple with one young child. From their behaviour, you would guess they're newly weds (sorry for the stereotype), but their relationship is 10+ years old. They're so in love, and loving to their child. 

If it's not for the spontaneous embraces, it's the silly kisses while preparing the baby's milk. If it's not for family time spent trying to get baby to walk from Mom to Dad and back and the congratulatory family hugs, it's the comforting cuddles after a long and exhausting day once baby is asleep. 

We were at the zoo once, and they randomly started hugging and kissing each other (all three). I don't know what triggered it, we were just in front of the hippos with a dozen other people, but it just happened. 

And I thought Germans were reserved (sorry, again, for the stereotype). 

Last night, a depression I have been fighting away creeped back in. Being around so much love feels like a slap in the face. It is as if life is telling me: "Look! Look at what you never got! And look at what you'll probably never have in your life!" 

Here we go again.  




 ALTER FALTER? I'VE BEEN SAYING ALTER VATER FOR THE LONGEST TIME (I'm obviously not a native speaker). 

Thanks!  




 Definitely self-confidence, plus other people (especially mothers!) can feel it, so they worry for the child in question. Especially if you are a man or a young person. They'll think you don't know what you're doing. 




 No, it's not that it is unfair to use *her* as an example. It's dumb to make an example out of the situation. She' was a prime minister who just happens to be a woman. It's the wording. You said it like the UK elected her "to see what could happen" like having a female PM was a test. Then, in the same sentence, you made it sound like said "test" was inconclusive because there were ups and downs, as if that was not a thing with other world leaders, who are mostly men. Basically you made it sound like she was incompetent only because she's a woman. 




 A pillow that was handmade and given to me at birth. I am only 19, but I still have it, and I literally carry it everywhere with me (if I am going to sleep wherever I am heading). It automatically makes any sleeping circumstances comfortable, somehow, despite being pretty small. And it smells comforting.  




 Have you ever tried cracking your knees? Just stand up one day and move your legs inwards without moving your feet, and crack. Best feeling.  




 Mine personally are bad because I produce giant blood cloths on the last two days, and my uterus goes into "baby delivery" mode. It used to be way worse though (fainting, all orifices expelling anything they can find, etc.) so I consider myself lucky for now. I started having my period at the age of 9 and since then, yearly, I talk about it with a doctor, but nothing happened. They all blamed it on my anemia ...  




 Thanks. I very recently learned 'payed' was actually paid (english not my first language). For some reason I'm still adjusting to the news.  




 No really it is a boy. It's [Mason Moon](https://www.google.de/search?q=Mason+Moon client=safari rls=en source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=wxHhVMXEF8OzUcuJhNAG ved=0CAgQ_AUoAQ biw=1440 bih=838). A boy. Mason. 

He is now 7 though.  




 It's really weird thinking of children like this. It is as if we were talking about puppies ...  




 But that's a boy.  




 I would recommend going to /r/AskHistorians because not only will you get informative answers, you will get sources backing them up as well!  




 Same. I guess the only change to my life would be calling sleep a "hobby" instead of a "necessity".  




 There is this movie from Quebec, quite a classic, that is titled "Aurore". It is based on the true story of a little girl named Aurore who lived in the early 20th century, I believe. She was recklessly abused by her father and step-mom, who eventually killed her (indirectly, she died as a result of her injuries). No one in the village believed her, despite her obvious injuries. After her death though, everyone felt terrible. The priest felt so guilty for not helping sooner, he ended up committing suicide. It is truly a sad film. The original version is apparently worst, but in the newer version, the abuse and her death are still enough to make you sick. I have never cried so much for a movie.  




 [the xx - Intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gxNW2Ulpwk). This version is not the best. Seamless edits are better because the song's tempo doesn't suddenly drop. There was a 10 hour version on YouTube but I think it got deleted. It's a simple enough tune that you can put it in the 'background' of your brain. 

Edit: Found a [better version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4UtBYUMVJk). 2 hours and 45 minutes!  




 Of course, no one is denying the fact that poverty, whatever the race, makes it hard. But there are so many other factors, one being historical oppression which leads to most minorities thinking they are better off getting those easy jobs so they can get money right away, since they are usually poor. As for middle class people becoming poor, I think culture has a lot to do with it but that's a personal opinion. 

Also, if no one in your family went to college, chances are you are not going to go to college either. It was harder for minorities to go to school in past centuries, therefore the number of ancestors who have had a higher education is fewer, so descendants are more likely to follow that path. 

Lastly there is still racism when it comes to employers. I used to live in North America, and it's crazy how people employ others mostly because of their name. In Canada, where I lived, a vietnamese last name guaranteed you a job in the medical industry and plenty of patients, while in America I believe it's an Indian last name. My sister's husband is a doctor in the USA, and during his residency, future residences were chosen based on their name and their picture. The school he went to was mostly full of Indians and Asians, and most chosen residents ended up being Asians and Indians because they chose each other. The same would happen in majorly white university.  




 I think it all started with historical oppression, then culture. Minorities have been set back for so long that it is harder for them to reach the top, which could then lead to an overall feeling of helplessness, which then leads to some minorities feeling like effort is not even worth it anymore.  




 I am assuming you are a man or a woman who never looked into it, but a hysterectomy is not an easy procedure to get done. At least not in North America. Usually doctors refuse to give it to young women (so, under the age of 35), especially if they are childless. "You might change your mind!" is their excuse. As for birth control, they do not always stop or lessen your blood flow. They do not always get rid of the pain. They do not always control your mood. And for some women, it's just not something they're willing to pay for. 




 I read somewhere that in four countries including South Korea, women get a day or two off per month because of their menstrual cycle. Payed or not, I would totally be okay with that. I rather die every month comfortably in my house than in some dirty public restroom.  




 I agree! But I read somewhere that you cannot (legally) start the process before the age of 16.  




 I agree. Some people have good hearts *only* because religion says so. So we better let them believe in whatever they believe in. 




 She is other people's best friend. Why can't I be special?! 




 Everything but food. If I were to housesit for the Royal Family, I would leave everything intact, even if there was an open chamber with cash in it, but I would take the food.  




 Same here. When I was in High School, I even noticed they would treat you differently depending on the High School you went to (based on your uniform, or lack thereof). My friends and I were never really followed or asked to leave our bags at the front because our school was known for having "good catholic and studious girls", but kids from nearby schools that were labeled as ghetto were often followed or even asked to leave.  




 By being an au-pair, I not only wanted to take care of a child as a live-in caregiver and live overseas, I also wanted to use it as an excuse to force myself to develop my social skills. See, I have a personality disorder that interferes and therefore completely messes up my social behaviour. I look like a 'loner', a 'no life', and these are actual comments coming from psychologists who have spoken to me about it! Said personality disorder is obviously not treatable, but people with it can have pretty good lives. However they are all hermits, and thrive more when alone. 

I boarded the plane to Germany, saying to myself that if I must fake those social skills and it makes me physically ill, I will (and it has been making me sick). But despite what I think were great efforts, no conclusive results. I am still the same as I was before this journey. 

I personally don't care about how good or bad my social skills are, but I do owe it to this family to be the best person I can be. They are so nice to me. So caring and they trust me a lot. I just want to be a pleasant person to be around, for them. I want them to be happy with the decision they took. Really, they deserve so much and being pleasant is the least I can give them. 

But I am scared of them giving up on me. They have not shown any signs of disdain or anything, but I know I am not the best person to be around. If they don't like me, they totally should look for someone who is more compatible, I think. On the other hand, I enjoy their company! But it's not about me only. I don't want to disappoint them and I just don't know what to do to be the kind of the person they would appreciate. I am so disappointed in myself. Please help. 




 Or, are you incapable of missing people? In French, we sometimes say "Loin des yeux, loin du coeur", meaning (literally) far from the eyes, far from the heart. Pretty accurate way of describing the situation. 

I have been living away from my family for three days and I have to remind myself that they even exist. The moment they were out of my sight, I forgot about them. Prior to moving, I spent a month away from my mother and dog, and I thought I would at least miss my dog but ... nothing. Forgot I had one, and it was strange to come back and have him around. 

Anyone like that?  




 Pizza can fill you up with just once slice, depending on the crust and what's on it. So maybe they wanted to make it last. 




 I think people like this are bragging about the fact that they managed to graduate high school without reading books, and not so much bragging about not reading books at all.  




 She would be really popular in /r/cringepics . Just a bunch of people bullying others for their social faux pas, when very often, it's people who very obviously don't know how to approach others (not their fault).  




 Yeah I'm sorry I did. Obviously not all. But unfortunately again, we can only hear the loudest.  




 With the Black History Month in full swing, I think I need to address this.

There is a difference between being African and being African descendants. 

"Duh!" you might think. Well, no. 

See, I am Haitian (ethnicity, and I lived there for the first few years of my life). I am not nationalist at all, but I do appreciate it when they show a picture of a Haitian person and they say "Hey, here is a Haitian guy/gal who did good."

I go on Facebook, this "Black pride" page posts a picture of Toussaint Louverture, a Haitian man who started the revolution that led to Haiti's independence. Great! Thanks for mentioning the guy, but why is he called "African leader"? This man was born and raised in the territory we call Haiti today, and he personally considered himself French. Haiti has been its own thing as a territory since late 17th century ... why are we still called Africans? 

Our roots are Africans, and to be honest I get all happy thinking my ancestors may have been from Ghana (I love this country). But from the 17th, 18th century, my ancestors have been born and raise in a new location, with a totally different culture and name. We were influenced by the Europeans and the Natives as well. We were on our own, with no real ties left between Africa and said new location. We were French from Saint-Domingue, then just a few years later, Haitians. First independent Black nation in the world, and the second oldest nation in America! 

Why now, should Haitians hide under the "African" pride, when really it's Black pride first, and Haitian pride second? We are not Africans. From very early on, we had this established. Haiti's first "head of state" considered himself French, and so did many other people of Saint-Domingue. Because Saint-Domingue was a colony then, a colony of the French. And later, thanks to Napoleon really (though that's not what he wanted), a sense of nationalism was revived and we became Haiti. Can't we, at least, be called Haitians? For once? Pretty please? 

Now I'm saying this on the page, and people are saying I must not be Black to say something like that. Because I know my history? Others are saying I'm brainwashed. Because I know my history? Lastly, icing on the cake, I was called stupid. BECAUSE I KNOW MY HISTORY? 

Very few of those people were Haitians, and all were living in the United States. Nothing against the States but lately, it's like Black Americans like discrediting everything that is not directly African. I think, honestly, it's because Black-Americans were not "allowed" to have a proper identity, so they go back seeking comfort and an identity from the Motherland. Which is understandable, but not all Black persons feel this need. 
 




 Literally anything in relation to health or appearance. You can google "beauty mark" and you'll find atrocious growth the size of footballs on the back of small children. It's always the same thing, whatever you're looking for.  




 Thank you! I will start doing this now.  




 Thank you for the comment! Actually, I was told not to ask too many question. I don't do it well. I sound like an interviewer, so I try not to ask too much. 




 In some countries, homosexuality is so out of the question, friends can look more affectionate than most couples from Westernized countries do. South Korea has this thing called skinship (I think Japan too), and it's basically all about being very touchy, usually amongst friends. Taking the metro in Seoul was quite the adventure for my very closed-minded father.  
























 Yes exactly. I totally agree with you, I just wonder how legitimate of a title "Au-pair" is. I personally have some experience with children, and one of my hobbies include watching shows and reading articles about childcare, but then au-pairs are, in the end, just kids wanting to travel for practically free! So I wonder how important my input in childcare really is. 

But yeah. I guess they hired me because they know I can take care of their boy, and they know that I know a bit more than the average long adult, since it is an interest of mine. Oh well. I will soon try to just sit them down and share my thoughts. 

Thank you :)  




 Thank you! It's actually very helpful! 

I think what is keeping me from actually trying a stricter sleep routine is the fact that I do not have much time alone with their child, and yes. I don't know how to talk to them. I remember telling them I wanted to make a food exploration chart for their little one, so we can introduce him to a new food twice a week or so. But then I ended up deleting what I had started because little one's diet is so restrictive (100% out of fear). He has been fed in his life about ten different ingredients, eats the same 5 on a daily basis. 

I put him to sleep for a nap at about 10 or 10:30 every weekday, but then mom comes from work between 12 and 12:30, and this boy is very capable of crying for two hours, no matter what. He hates the idea of lying down! So instead of having that happen, I rather do what they tell me to do. I know that if mom were to come to her crying son, she would freak out. Not be mad at me, or at least she would not express it, but she would feel very distressed about it, like her son is in immediate danger our something. 

I really want to start sleep training. The more I talk to the father (whom I thought would be totally okay with it), the more I'm realizing that they just like the safe zone. The "Don't make him cry" technique, or "Give him whatever he wants, he'll eventually learn in the next few years". They do this with everything, from 'discipline' (they only say no when they physically cannot fulfill his wishes), to food (instead of introducing him to new food, they don't feed him food that are known as possible allergens), to his schedule (he started being on a schedule maybe two months ago, but only as a consequence of everybody else having a work schedule). 

Anyway. One day I'll just sit them down and talk about it. Now that I know letting him cry on his own is not an effective technique in this case (or apparently, in any case), I'll try the other one that is more progressive. I so want to do it, but I know the mother won't be able to. The father? We'll see.  




 Ah, I didn't know, to be honest. I thought cry it out was a good method. I have seen it used many times and it seems to be more effective than being with the child. Of course, on small babies I wouldn't recommend it but one year and older, it seems okay. But then, I haven't done any follow-ups on the children I've seen this technique done on.

Thanks for the comment!  




 This is going to be really long. I love this topic. 

I daydream a lot, and that since the age of 8 or so. I often daydream about lives I want to have. As an 8 year old, I wanted to be Barbie. She had eight adopted children. Today, I have multiple "stories" I daydream about, the most detailed one being me, in about 16 years, with a husband and eight adopted children (I have nothing against biological children, I just rather adopt + I'm asexual, so no sex for me). Some things never change. But I have "purchased" (aka going on real estate websites and saving the address) a house, cars, even every single piece of clothing each children have. Well, no. I stopped after 6 children. The two youngest ones "arrived" while I was in college so I had way less time on my hands haha. I also have their schedule, which is very accurate. I go on school's websites and other activities' website and I check their timetable. I virtually juggle eight kids pretty well, actually! Though the schedule is tight. 

However, lately (ok, for the past year or so), I have been daydreaming about a life I could have had. I mean, it's way more plausible than the other stories I have. I daydream about me, a couple of years from now, being the biological mother of a baby/toddler girl (time frame changes depending on my mood. sometimes I'm pregnant) who I had by accident with someone I, in real life, had a crush on. She was obviously unplanned, with the procreation process being done while under the influence. All of this causes me to have severe anxiety and self-esteem problems, with me convinced that the father does not even like me, that I was taken advantage of, and that I was going to be a terrible mother. I am still a student, with very little money to spare. I, however, am too stubborn to live with my family, so I move to the US, on my own (I am American but I never lived in the US). During my pregnancy, I live alone in my studio apartment. I sell my life insurance, work as many jobs as I can, and go to school. I think one day I faint from being so over worked. The father comes every now and then for the doctor's appointment. We are not close, we kind of act like strangers, and our daughter is all we have in common, and the only reason why we see each other. 

Fast forward to our daughter's birth, she is a preemie. My pregnancy did not go so well, I didn't take care of myself well enough. Well, the father is here, but he can only stay for about a month. He still lives in Canada (where we met in real life), and he has a job and all that. Fast forward a month later, he leaves, but a few days after, he comes back with most of his stuff. He moves in with me and helps me take care of our child. I am studying psychology, he is in culinary school. He finishes before me, work, and basically becomes the prime provider. I still work, but part time. I study full-time. 

Through parenting our child, we bond. He has come to accept me as a whole, and my self-esteem problems are less severe. I still suffer from anxiety, but it's way better than before. The father is helpful and extremely loving to both of us (and obviously, it's reciprocal). Despite being short on money almost all the time, and sharing a studio apartment (to be honest, I love small spaces so it's not even an issue), we have a pretty good life. We're satisfied we what we have and what we've achieved. We both do everything we can for our daughter, and she's just. Perfect. 

She is also the luckiest child when it comes to her relationship with her extended family. She is so loved and spoiled rotten by her paternal family. The father's mother always sends up big packages, sending us either a brand new stroller, or clothes, whatever we might need. We don't even ask her for anything, she just wants to spend money on her first grandchild. She even pays us tickets to their country of origin so our daughter can meet her great-grand-parents, who spoil her just as much. My family, on the other hand, does not support us as much, but my mother does love her grandchild. She likes sending us some cute clothes from time to time, and she drives from our city in Canada, to the US, at least twice a year. When she visits, she is all over her, but she still disapproves of the circumstances that led to her existence. My grandmother thinks lowly of me, my father is embarrassed. 

It's so detailed, I could write a book. But arg, I know it sounds odd, maybe even stupid. And you know what makes this even more stupid? I feel like sharing her name would be blasphemous. As if something would happen, if I were to put her name out there.  




 [What are you talking about, the dark can't scar you mentally for life?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyctophobia) I don't to sound inconsiderate, but your personal fear of large barks is unfortunately not anyone's problem, just like someone's paralyzing fear of the dark is no one's problem. Of course, some dog owners are lousy, but they do not have to accommodate to your every wishes. Their only job is to make sure you or anyone does not get injured by their dog. The rest is on you.  




 I don't know man, little kids are scared of the dark too. I don't see protests banning the sun from setting.  




 I'm going to be the odd apple here. High School definitely wasn't the best time of my life, and I do not miss it. Actually, I didn't even go to prom. People told me I would regret it, and .... nope. Nothing to this day. Facebook was flooded with pictures from my prom, and I thought it would make me envious? But not at all, surprisingly. It's just not something I am into. On a side note, I don't remember if it was the same night or some other night, but from another website, people were posting pictures of what they did instead of going prom. They went urban exploring, if you know what that is. Wow. There, I felt really envious. But those were strangers from another country, plus no one I know in real life is into that :(

But anyway if you're really sociable, but you aren't the type of person who would be hurt if you go from 40 friends to 3, then High School will be great for you. Just don't use it as an occasion to do harmful or illegal things (No, being a teenager is not an excuse to act stupid.) 




 Is it? Share the links, if you don't mind! I am very interested.  









 Yes, for a couple of years. I can't remember the exact age. The only reason why I didn't die when I quit from my parents just demolishing me (they were really into making me play an instrument) was because I was already learning the violin. 

For how long have you been doing it?  




 Shit, I must look like the most uncomfortable human being on Earth then. That's already my natural look, and on top of that, I'm asexual. Yay son!

By the way, you're gorgeous.  




 Have you had to approach them on something you would like to change? As an au-pair, I feel like I have to follow whatever schedule or habits they have. For instance I think their eating habit would be great to change. Like the baby's diet is way too restrictive, and I pointed out once, just a comment like this, no criticism, and it didn't end up well. 

How did you approach the people you were working with, if you were in a similar situation? Do you ease the subject slowly or you just sit at a table and have a serious reunion? Plus I don't know how serious they would imply that since his bedtime, which would need to change as well, is outside my 'working hours'.

Thank you : ) 




 Thank you! May I ask if eye-contact changes something while you do this? Like I said he falls asleep only if you feed him, and sometimes if you look him in the eyes while he's about to sleep sleep, he'll somehow succeed if there's eye-contact. He'll start trying to get your attention by touching your face, or making noises. But when I don't respond to his gaze, he just looks away and lets sleep come back again.

I guess my most important question is, how did you approach the parents about it? Did you just sit down with them and say "Listen! I have a plan." ? I feel like as an aupair, I have little to no authority on their lifestyle. I think there are many things they should change. For instance, their tendency to give in to his cries. I have stopped that, and guess who never cries with me! (except, of course, when he really doesn't want to sleep). Also, I give him way less milk so he can fall asleep on his own. He kind of does, but he still needs to be held. But those are changes I can implement without the parents' approval. When it comes to sleep though, I wish they had him on a strict schedule. I once proposed to the father (who is less emotionally attached to the child, so he wouldn't be scared or hurt or whatever) to establish a really strict routine: At 7:15, the first thing he should do is tell him that it's bedtime, and that he's going to change him. New diaper on, PJs on, I said they should go the living room and feed him a bottle. His room would be better but they do not have a chair there. I guess it would be easier to just get a chair in there. Then, he can get a full milk bottle (300 ml. During the day, I give him 150). I don't know if leaving him with a bottle in his crib would work for him. And then, a story would be great. I think they have one "goodnight" story. They need more! And finally, by 7:30, they should put him in his crib. 

Now that I am thinking about it, they should start cleaning up while the baby is there, so baby knows playtime is over. He loves to "help out" so it's a great occasion! Plus with praises like "Thank you for cleaning up!", he'll grow up to actually do it when asked. He loves the words "Thank you" since he knows he has done good. 

I'm a little terrified to talk to the mother, especially. Whoa. How did you do it? : ) 




 I am an au-pair taking care of a 14 month old who doesn't want to sleep. He relies on his parents to sleep (bottle + rocking). 

Today, he slept for 45 minutes during naptime. He is still tored but won't allow himself to sleep. I am letting him cry so he can calm himself down, which is kind of working, but his parents have a different technique. Normally, they go get him, and if he cries for too long, they play with him. Obviously he will never get used to self-soothing.

How do I get the parents to work with me? And would you let him cry until he calms down? 




 Hey, I understand this. Actually, I am at this awkward age where you're legally an adult, but no one, including yourself, would consider you to be one. I can't wait to be 25+ years old. I want to have my life together, to be fully responsible ...

I do "work", though I consider it to be more fun than demanding. I don't pay taxes yet, I may live away from family, but most of my expenses are still paid (it came with the "job"): so free boarding. 

I took a gap year from college, actually, in order to get this job. I can't wait to go back to school, get my Master's and be done with my school life. I can't wait to be a real adult.  




 Lunch was about seven hours ago, but I'm still at awe about how good it was! 

I had a whole [roasted chicken thing](http://www.eataly.com/resources/eataly/images/uploads/Rotisserie_RestaurantRotator02_840x398.jpg) (it wasn't as big though), with fries. See, I am very healthy. It sounds boring but the seasoning on those were amazing. The chicken was salty, but the good kind of salty. The fries on the other hand were seasoned with paprika. I may ditch salt for the rest of my life.  




 Sorry, I am a fat slob and I've always been. But I miss TV. I miss morning cartoons, Cartoon Network and a French tv channel called Canal J. Those were my favourites of all time. I miss knowing all the original Pokemon's names. I miss having imaginary battles with Yu-Gi-Oh, which were made possible with cards I would buy for twenty dollars a deck. I miss wishing that TV hosts from that french channel were my siblings.

Life itself wasn't so good, but damn did those cartoons made me forget about the negative! 




 Hey! Ça fait bizarre de voir du français ici! Je suis d'origine antillaise et j'ai vécu à Montréal pendant près de dix ans. Et toi, d'où viens-tu? 




 Like /u/TWFM said, it doesn't mean someone is wrong. Actually, I think opinions cannot be right or wrong. They can, however, be problematic (which I guess has become synonym for "wrong"). 

I think Right/Wrong exist when there is a truth that does not depend on human input.  




 I didn't. The mods did. Too many posts lately have been about relationships. 




 Oh I'm sorry. Thank you for noticing me though : ) 




 Ah, same here. It's mostly out of pure envy I want to be with someone. Well, I don't know how much I would enjoy it, since it has never happened. I don't know if it's a matter of getting used to it as well? Maybe.  




 It's weird. I am really good at hearing, but I am terrible at decoding spoken language. Like I can hear someone whisper from another city (hyperbole of course), but I wouldn't be able to tell what you just told me, even if you were speaking very clearly directly into my ear.  









 Sorry. It really isn't. I'm just not born in the right era haha 




 It is not a condition. Sorry I made it sound like I was disfigured, but I'm just ugly. Unfortunately, I am seen as physically disgusting to most people.

Oh well.   




 Ah cool. I thought it would be like a circle-jerk of "Ugh, women are so stupid and shallow if they go for the tall guys blablabla". Some subs here are poison.  




 I should be sleeping. It's almost 1 AM, and I have to wake up at 6.  




 I definitely have some self-esteem issues. I have become almost ashamed of everything I am. It has gotten so bad that when I daydream about my goals and future life, I need to find myself a look-alike. I can't imagine myself in any of my thoughts, unless they are negative. 

I guess I like ... hmmm. 

Yep. I need to work on that self-esteem. 

 




 I can understand them. I have physical traits that are universally seen as unattractive. When you see, every single day, how people rarely date those who have that trait, it sucks. 

Though I have never been in that subreddit. Knowing Reddit, they probably don't "just complain".  




 I am addicted to eating flour. It's an odd problem called pica, mine is triggered because of my anemia (apparently). People with pica that is caused by anemia usually eat things like sand, dirt, baking powder ... My mother, who also has anemia, was really into dirt and clay.

Anyway. You have different types of addictions, obviously. Personally, I think I am addicted because I have associated the flour with positive things. Therefore, there is some emotional reasons behind it. Also, physically, it's as if it's a healing agent. When I don't feel good (headache, stomach ache, even stomach reflux), eating flour makes me feel better. Also, it's just a habit, kind of part of my routine. If I don't follow the routine, it doesn't feel right. So when I don't have my flour, well not only am I lost because I don't have a routine anymore, I also feel physical pain and my mood drops. 

It has gotten better it the last few weeks though. I still can't spend more than a week without it though.  




 I like you. I wouldn't move either lol. 




 I wish male/female relationships weren't automatically labeled as sexual. I wish young female/older male relationships weren't automatically labeled pedophilic. I am living with a couple, and sometimes I want to hug them. If I were to hug the lady, no one would care. If I were to hug the man, wow. Maybe his wife would think something is going on. Maybe his friends would think something is going on. Whoever witnesses it would think something is going on. He is 16 years older. Whoa, something fishy "must" be going on! 

It really sucks.  




 I've learned through the years to just act like it was my plan to work alone anyway. During college, whenever the teacher would say "Find a partner!", I would take out a sheet of paper and get to work ASAP. No scanning the class to look for someone, no sitting there waiting. I just do my thing. If someone asks me to partner up, yeah sure bro, no problem. If not, well at least I don't have to worry about anyone else's grade.  




 Tbh, it kind of is. Not frown upon but it's so rarely viewed as an unattractive trait that when a girl goes for a short guy, they wonder what the hell she was thinking.  




 Bruh. I want six children too. I know that feeling.

Seriously though. I think if I were rich, I would want at least four children, max. 8. Only because I know you can still be a good, loving and present parent and not rely on nannies with eight children children. I don't know about more than that. 

Oh I'm an only child. That's why, probably.  




 I'm pretty sure nudity is taboo in about 90% of the world. In Europe, you would not see someone in the streets walking naked without having people comment about it. Obviously Europe is more open about it though. I went to a pool once and women were just topless. It didn't bother me, it was just new for me. 

I know in France, toplessness wasn't taboo until very recently, when influences from America became very apparent. I remember in many movies and TV shows, women were topless, even bottomless, and nothing was blurred. Today on the other hand, most things are blurred. Obviously they do this because in North America and some other parts of the world, like said already, nudity = sexuality. In other parts of the world, nudity just means indecency. You don't flaunt your private stuff, from you body to your most secret desires, to the public. In my country of origin on the other hand, it is considered barbarian. Even though we are direct descendants of Africans, we consider 'them' savages because 'they' walk topless (obviously it's a huge stupid generalization based on the few images of tribes we get to see). So obviously nudity is seen as bad there as well. 




 I think Sims 3 is the best. What you have said there can be done in the Sims 3, it's just not as straightforward I guess. 

I'm in love with Sims 3 because of that Open World. No loading time if you want to go outside, you just zoom out and there you go. Sims also spontaneously go out to do things. I love how children have like quests to collect gems and bugs and whatnot. And finding seeds to plant is always so rewarding! It makes the game that much more interesting, like how sometimes you feel like taking a stroll, or just say hi to the neighbour, or just jump in the nearest river. Yep, all doable in the Sims 3.

Oddly enough, what I miss about Sims 2 is how easy it was to put in custom content. I also miss some interactions, like how changing your baby/toddler's diaper would leave a dirty diaper behind. That was so realistic. Good thing they added a changing table in the Sims 3, but still I wish we could bath babies in the sink and toddlers in the bathtub, like in Sims 3 (again, more realistic). I also miss this really random interaction, when Sims could just sit in the car, doing nothing. Children could cry while sitting in the car lol (it was actually sad but so random. good for story making I guess). It made carpooling easier because then not everyone would be trying to get in at the same time, and whoever's ready could get in first. 

What else do I miss ... Oh yeah! I had this expansion that was about apartment life, or whatever the title. I loved it so much! I wish Sims 3 gave the option of having functioning apartments. 

Honestly, Sims 3 is the best with the expansion packs and custom content. If you're on a good PC, you can get so many of those custom contents. They make your game so worth it!  




 Do get Pets and Seasons! They are what will make your game that much more interesting! Oh and Generations is pretty cool, too!  




 I am! and it's really inconvenient right now. I wish I had a schedule that fit this tendency of mine of sleeping late. Only when I'm extremely tired do I somehow sleep at 11 or midnight. I remember one time in college, I was so tired, I went to bed at 10. I slept for so long! But I was still somehow tired in the morning. 

During the summer time, I would usually sleep from sometime between 7 am and noon, to 5 pm, then I'd be up all night. I would never experience fatigue. I wish I lived in a an area near downtown and just walked in the middle of the night. I did it a few times but the latest I've stayed downtown was 9 pm :( (latest in my neighbourhood: midnight).  




 I used to! Well, from the age of 2 until the age of 12, I played the violin. I'd say I was really good from the age of 3 to 8-9. I never liked it, though. I lived in my country of origin until the age of 8, and during that time, I had really tough teachers. I mean. My country is all about being tough with children, no matter the technic you use. So I guess out of fear, I seldom made mistakes. But said fear now makes me hate the instrument. Though I love how it sounds ... 

Then, from age 3 to 5-6, I played the piano. I was never good, because I had the violin to perfect (my piano teachers were both nice enough to not mind, so I would practice the violin more). 

Then during a year (age 11-12), I played the saxophone alto. I loved that instrument, but I'm not really interested into learning more. 

Right now, I am starting to learn piano all over again. I really lost it. I forgot how to read notes, my hands are still quite rigid ... I guess the only thing I have left is a musical ear, but even then, sometimes it lets a couple of mistakes slip. But I think the piano is a really cool instrument to learn to play. Plus you have so many variants, like the harpsichord (I call it the 'Versailles' piano). It sounds so glorious.  




 I have pretty long hair right now (to my waist), and I always braid a "beard" in front of my chin when I feel anxious. It's a really dumb habit because I have social anxiety, meaning I don't want attention, but transforming into a "bearded lady" is basically asking for attention. I can't help it though! 

And I crack anything I can crack. Knuckles, neck, knees .. you name it. I think if I were to crack something every 2 seconds in my body, I could go on forever. 

To be honest I just roll with it. Doesn't hurt me, actually helps me get my mind distracted. Whatever works for you, as long as it's not destructive, should be fine! : ) (though I guess on the long run, you should seek out for better coping mechanism? It really depends on what you want) 




 Oddly enough, I forced myself to be sociable and tried to ignore the anxiety. It worked for almost two months, then some time during October, I crashed. I used to spend all my free time (it was a lot! I had really long breaks) in my program's lounge, which was quite small since very few people knew about it. There were maybe 10-15 people at most, on average about 6. I talked to them all, despite the anxiety that would make me lightheaded, yadiya. Then after my 'crash', I couldn't even use the stairs next to it without panicking. I started spending my long breaks in a café downtown, and my short breaks were spent in the library. I was completely isolated. 

On a more positive note, I became way more responsible. I'm still kind of lazy, but if you're depending on me, I will make sure not to disappoint you. I went from coming to school late almost every morning from oversleeping, to waking up at 5 am to do some volunteering.  




 There was a survey I read on here that said something like x% of those who survived regretted trying. So many factors come in place, making this percentage faulty. First, those who survive usually go through excruciating pain after failing or they suffer damages that will be present for the rest of their life. Of course they'll regret trying. Second, what's the percentage of those who succeeded who regretted it?

Usually people who impulsively try to kill themselves stop when they witness a 'sign'. Maybe the first couple of weeks there will be a change, but afterwards I think people would find some other ways. 




 As a specifies, none. We're there because 'mistakes' happened during millions of years. 

As a citizen of most modern-day society, contribute to said society without breaking the rules.

As a human being, just try to enjoy your time while you're there. Find your own personal purpose and try to achieve it.  




 I think I wanted to be some kind of celebrity. Someone like Beyoncé or Christina Aguilera. Ironically, I grew up to develop social anxiety. 

Now, I am not sure, to be honest. My dream job, as in it will never happen but I can always dream, would be to become an astronaut. A more realistic wish would be to work with deaf-blind children. I love working with children, but becoming a teacher isn't 100% what I want to do. There's the anxiety, and also I don't know if I'll be good, and the North American curriculum is not the best (assuming I'd work there).  




 I am living with this German family, and I believe the father is genuinely happy. He grew up happy (his parents were very loving, according to him), has met, I believe, the woman of his dream. I mean, she must be, they've been together for 15-20 years (my guess, though I know they were together in early 2000). They have a child together, they are running a successful company, he studied his most favourite subject ever and now has a Doctorate ...

I don't know how to describe him, to be honest. Well, for starters, he is quite an honest person. He doesn't shy away from saying what's on his mind at all. Second, he goes for what he wants. I think he has always been like that. As a child, he would talk his parents into signing him up for classes he would wish to attend. Things like that. 

I don't know him very well, but I guess the reason why he's so happy is partly because of how his parents raised him (they were hippies), and also because of his very "I want it now, so I'll get it now!" attitude towards life.  




 It will not fix the more serious problem though. If someone wants to die, they will find a way. If it's not by jumping off, it will be with their belt around their neck, hanging in their closet. 

We live in a world that indirectly encourages suicide. The "worthy" ones should get all the good stuff, while the mediocre ones could die and no one would care. On top of that, very few people actually believe they're actually worthy. Now, in some countries, it's way worse because sometimes those words are said directly to people (thinking about Japan and South Korea). However in America the continent, Africa ... all around the world, there are so few resources known to the general population that could indeed save someone's life by said individual's choice. I wish there was such a thing as an organization who's purpose is to help people who feel down and suicidal to find some purpose in their life. Not just through talking though, because words can only do so much. 

Honestly. Feeling worthless and miserable sucks.  




 Same! My five-year-old Shih-Tzu loves bottles, especially when he can run after them, but lately he's been really into unscrewing them. And he's become a pro. It can take him less than 30 seconds to open one. 

** realized I said lately ... he's been into bottles for almost four years ... Oh my god my dog is not one anymore!  




 Thanks for the recommendation! I checked their channel for a second and how come they have Ray's (from Rooster Teeth) silhouette as their banner? I'm guessing they're related to the company as well? 

I used to watch Achievement Hunter daily, but now I have been more into a german Let's Play team named PietSmiet. I'm trying to learn German so yeah (though to be honest, I only learned like: spielen (play), speichern (save), and a bunch of insults appropriate for rage quits.) I also watch a couple of French Let's Players quite often. Their names: MrBboy45 (if you speak French, this guy is hilarious) and DaRkFuNeRaL97two. Right now, I'm watching GTA 5 for the second time, in German this time. I really love long Let's Plays so people like Bboy and Dark get my views whenever they make one. Right now, together, they just finished Dying Light, and Bboy is still in the midst of a Resident Evil game. 

How is Sims 3 confusing to you, if I may ask? I have to admit that it seems to attract only a specific group of people. Well, two. You have people who play Sims just to watch them die, or you have people who dedicate most of their day to this game to make it as realistic as possible. I'm ~~unfortunately~~ part of this group, though since I've acquired a mac, I had to cut down the amount of 'work' put into my game (macs are so restrictive, many files I get from the internet don't get into my game simply because my mac thinks it's a corrupted file, when it's perfectly fine). If it wasn't for that issue, [I would be doing things like this](http://sincerelyasimmer.tumblr.com). But I can't download most of the objects you see there, I can't download a good screen-capture application, and I can't download the poses you see (Sims do not naturally behave this way). [That's an example of the best I got from playing with a mac](http://36.media.tumblr.com/33629c4a3acc40718a92058321f4e328/tumblr_n26pbuV2lM1r7qdrvo3_1280.png). 

Though now, I am not only contemplating calling my mother to ask her to ship everything to me, I'm also thinking about getting a PC just to play Sims again. I miss it so much! Sorry, this was terribly long. I can go on and on about that game ... 

What are your favourite games?  




 I am currently in Germany and it has been 10 weeks only, so I do not know how the yearly weather is yet, though right now it's kind of like Montreal (where I lived for nearly 10 years). April is the troubled month; you never know what kind of temperature you'll be having. Though besides that first week, April has been quite tamed and warm, here in Germany. I am not liking this.   




 I find it odd that you're assuming that I am being sarcastic. I truly, wholeheartedly hate what humanity has agreed to call "good weather", and everything that comes with it. What's funny is that when I tell people that, they look at me, ask me "How can a Caribbean person like cold weather?" 

And no, never said I liked freezing temperatures. (I lived 10 years in Canada so I've had my fair share). I like Autumn-like weather: cold, gloomy and rainy.  




 I hate it! Alright, hate is a strong word, but I honestly despise warm or hot weather. I dislike the sun, I dislike clear skies, I dislike warmth ...

The last week of March and the first week of April were so good to us. Intense storms, indecisive weather (for a week, we had rain, ice rain, wind, thunder, and the sun all in about 5 hours) and this magnificent cold brisk that comes with the rain.

I can't wait for September already.  




 Whoops! I meant meditate! Sorry!  




 I am not a hardcore gamer, even though I love games. I used to be but then I started getting so conscious about money, I just stick to watching Let's Plays on YouTube (though about two months ago, I spoiled myself by getting a 3DS XL). 

I, however, will spend everything I own on Sims 3. I loved Sims 2, and Sims 3 is just as good, if not better (that open world!!!). Ten weeks ago, I moved out of my house, and I left all my games and all the custom content I have downloaded. I regret it so much! I kind of want to ask my mother to ship them all to me.  




 I have tried it, actually. And I don't know if I have been unlucky, or if that's normal. People usually bail out minutes after you start talking. Well, when it's "light-hearted" problems, they stick around but when you bring up depression and all that comes with it, they seem to distance themselves, then they become quiet. It's not my cup of tea (haaaaa I had to).  




 Same. I always knew something was wrong with me, but since I'm a new adult now, then I used to think "Oh, yeah. I'm just being a kid/teen." And anyway when I would express these feelings to an adult, they would give me that same answer.

Fast forward college years and I find a psychologist who takes me seriously. She gave me two official diagnoses: I have (social) anxiety and depression. OK great! Makes total sense, but I still felt odd ... Sometimes I wondered if I had schizophrenia, or Asperger's ... looking up my symptoms online became a self-destructive hobby. Also, said psychologist would mention some personality disorder since therapy wasn't working as it should. Then one day, I visit my sister in Florida, and her husband is a medical doctor. He comes up to me out of the blue and says: "You know, I know what you are. You have Schizoid Personality Disorder."

I was in denial when he said it to me at first, then I googled it, and I felt like I was reading articles about myself. The symptoms were so precise! 

Anyway. I don't know if you're like that as well, but it's always nice to know "Oh wow, it's a thing! I have a real thing other people have! I didn't make it up!"  




 Whoa that's cool! They sure are good to listen to (well, I don't listen to Etho particularly). For some reason, I enjoy the sound getting experience makes.  




 Original one! :) 




 Where do you live? I would love to live in a location where I can see and hear so much. Like living downtown NYC. My dream is to live there but ... no money.  




 Oh cool! Do you medicate?  




 That sounds cool! Personally I am not intending on driving, but I enjoy taking the bus for a very long time ... I guess it's not quite the same, since I'm not perfectly alone. But headphones do make a difference, especially when you get that perfect seat all the way in the back! :)  




 You sound awesome! Though I have no interest in driving, I do enjoy long road trips, especially when my father would drive. He's a pro at driving, since he still lives in our home country and the roads there are shit (Plus no real driving rules. It's not really enforced). When he would visit us in North America, he would look like a crazy maniac, speeding and taking way too many risks on the road, but he still is the safest and calmest driver I ever met. I always end up getting sleepy if we drive for more than 20 minutes. It was so calming!  




 Hello! I never actually started a thread here, but I wanted to share this somewhere! 

Well I am currently living in Germany with the best Host Family in the world, and in exchange of free boarding, I take care of their son for a few hours a day. Well, yesterday, I was not feeling so good about myself (it has been like this for about two weeks now), so I went out to buy myself all needed ingredients for a glorious mac n cheese lunch, which did help me cheer up a bit. On my way back from the supermarket, I opened their door and I thought for a second they were there. I smelled their 'scent', and it made me feel so happy for a second. Not just happy, but actually relieved and comforted. The smell felt like a warm, welcoming hug. 

It lasted less than two seconds. First, there was no one there, and second, I quickly realized what was happening, and I snapped out of it. Now I can't smell it anymore. 

I hope one day this feeling lasts maybe a minute, or a day, or hey, a lifetime sounds quite nice!

Thanks for listening! : ) 




 I don't know how normal this is, and no, I do not suffer from schizophrenia, but I do have multiple 'thinking voices'. So whenever I am thinking about something and I shouldn't be thinking about it, another voice kind of jumps over and starts saying "blablabla". All in my head. And somehow, if that second voice keeps it up long enough, the initial voice with the inappropriate thought forgets about it. Sometimes, I'd need a third voice, one that just thinks of something else. And the initial voice stays in the background, but I just give it less attention.
 




 Dress up as Sebastian from the little mermaid!! :D 




 same, but with Tiana.  




 Back home, I used to walk my dog exclusively at night because it was quiet, dark and empty. Sometimes, the moon is really bright, or the sky is dark enough to see some stars. I always feel something overwhelming, especially when looking at the moon. Well one night, I saw the constellation Sagitta, and for some reason, it looked bigger than I'm used to seeing it. I immediately had a panic attack. Mild enough to keep me on my feet, but still severe enough that I had to walk back home without looking up. 

Oddly enough, it was a 'good' panic attack. Not sure how to explain it, but it's a bittersweet feeling, the bitter part being the panicking, and the sweet part being the night sky and astronomy in general, which outweighed the 'bitter'. 




 For the past 10 weeks, every night, I listen to it on repeat. Makes me fall asleep instantly. It's incredibly comforting! 




 Wow I used to live in Montreal and I never met a girl Nicola. Actually I talked about Nicola to a friend still in Montreal and she thought it was odd. 

Oh well. The more you know :D 




 Maybe in English it is? I'm a francophone and Nicola (and all variants) are male names. I guess it's like Alexis. In English it's a girls' name but in French, it's for boys. 

Wow a girl named Anthony! Sounds awesome! 




 Ha. You're right.

I guess when you live with health freaks, you forget about how wonderful fast food is by itself. No need for an excuse. 




 Ha! I wish! 
Let's just say fast food is part of my weekly food intake. 

 




 Actually, don't stick to a diet. Diets are stressful, which could trigger emotional eating (or reward eating). Humans weren't made to diet. We just eat, and move. 

I think the best advice I have seen about weight lose is: Eat when you're hungry, stop eating when you're not. No restriction whatsoever on what you're eating (but don't go overboard), and of course, you should be eating less if you go by your body's cues.  




 I eat fast food when I'm sad. 

Guess my weight!  




 Hello! I was born in Brooklyn (NYC), moved to Haiti two months later, then eight years after that, I moved to Canada, and ten weeks ago, I moved to Germany! 

I want to live in Europe so badly, but I don't know where. I love Germany's social system, but not a big fan of the way of life (it's not sooo different, but still. I miss North America at times). France is my dream country, but I do know immigrating there is very hard!  




 I don't like the idea that names are inherently gendered, so I do tend to immediately fall in love with "names given to the wrong gender", even if I don't like the name itself. For instance I met a girl named Nicola once. I fell in love with it immediately, despite not really having a thing for the name Nicola alone. I always associate those people, boys and girls, to be somehow strong, successful, but still a bit non-conformist in one or more things they do. A boy named Lauren (though I know Lauren used to be for boys) or a girl named Nicola, or Felix are leading highly successful independent lives, but they're also the type of person you want to get to know better because they look so cool.  




 I think communism is the way to go. I know it will mean getting rid of many of the luxuries we allow ourselves to have, we will have to get rid of many rights as well, and that humans are way too greedy, power-hungry and into money to honestly think about the well-being of their community before themselves. It's too great of an idea for such a flawed species like us.  




 Wow, how relevant! I was actually going through this subreddit in hopes of forgetting about this random sadness I'm experiencing now.

Like you, it happens all the time, and it is mostly disappointment towards myself. Though lately I have been pinpointing small triggers. For instance, I am taking care of a one-year-old baby, and every time he gets a little upset because of me (he's a huge mama's boy so if I'm trying to hold him while mama is around, he'll get upset), I get a sad, then I start thinking too much ... It looks terrible, especially since I tend to just lay down on my stomach (or sit up if that's not an option) and look into the distance when I'm sad.  




 I remember it being around way before Facebook. Kids used it in order to tease me for being an only child.  




 Thanks for the reply. I'm sorry if I came off rude; it was the accumulation of many people wondering, despite knowing that I'm asexual, why I don't have sex. 

And I know, many gay men choose to be with women, but they are the type of people, like you said, who are understanding and willing to work things out in order to make their relationship successful. Actually, a couple of kids from college once said they wanted to be parents together, without being in a relationship. They would get married if need be (they wanted to adopt), but they knew for a fact whatever love they have for each other was strictly platonic, nothing romantic or sexual. I don't know how they're doing right now though. (I remember them saying neither liked long-term relationships, but still wanted children). 

I personally thought about such plans or compromises for the sake of my future children (back when I really thought I would hurt them by being single), and also because I'm human and I haven't completely given up on finding love yet (but it's getting there). I said to myself that I would not mind having a husband who sleeps around, as long as I knew when he was doing whatever he would be doing, and with whom. And of course, as long as the love remained reciprocal. There is no risk of jealousy, since I do not envy sex or sexual intimacy at all. But I very, very much doubt that there is such a human being on Earth right now, who can have sex with literally any (consenting!) person they wish, but who would still come back home to a sexless relationship and a demanding life as a parent. I don't think the love would remain for very long, especially with someone like me who has no amazingly attractive traits at all.  




 I don't really agree with the "putting up with sex" thing. Why should I forfeit my personal sexual orientation for the enjoyment of someone else? That's like telling a gay man to "just have sex with a woman" so his children can have a mother.

I respect all opinions, but I don't tolerate ignorance about my sexual orientation. So few people take asexuality seriously. It's getting discouraging. 




 I am still quite young, and I have many years ahead of me before potentially becoming a mother. But long story short, I want to be a single mother. Mostly because I know I will be single, so I'm masking it under the "it's a choice!" label just so reality doesn't hit too hard. 

First, I am asexual. No interest in sex whatsoever for me. Second, even if I were to meet an asexual (which would be very unlikely: 1% of the world population is asexual), chances are they would not be interested in my person, for many reasons.

I know children are entitled to more than one parent, but my life goal is to be a mother, and I am 99.8% sure I will be alone. 

What are your opinions? 

Edit: Thank you for the responses so far. : ) I asked because I have been called selfish for "wanting to deprive my future children of a father" many times by a couple of family members. I wondered how frowned upon it was to be a single parent by choice.  




 Nope, nothing works.  




 Your hands will crack and bleed at least once a week. Stupid dry hands.  




 Oh my, I did this a few times in High School. I can read and write in Korean, so I would often write out answers in Hangul either on my desk or whatever piece of paper we were allowed to have. Teachers would either not notice (all they would see are circles or squares or lines), or they'd think I'm just another Koreaboo writing random shit anywhere I could. 

Not proud of the fact that I cheated, but very proud of myself for learning another script. It came in handy.  




 Young Stalin is so good looking. The coat, the scarf (I believe), and the hair ... He looks like a modern-day hipster.  




 Yes, and to have the image coloured make them look like every day people, and not just historical figures. It's quite ... weird. I don't have a better word, sorry.  




 But the great majority of people under 25 earn very little, if they're still in school, their level of education is low (by default), and they will not use formal English since it's quicker not to do so, no? And they are those who use instant messaging the most. So that's all related to age, or?  




 Same. If I fail once, shame on me forever. I don't like going through hard or painful moments to reach something the great people just have naturally. It feels so unfair! 

When I used to have therapy for depression and anxiety, the therapist once asked me to start looking up while walking, and on the same day I did. From my college to the bus stop, I looked up, and when I reached my bus stop (7 minutes later), I started crying. I didn't enjoy it. It was too much, I felt like I was suffocating ... so I bought food (I eat when I'm sad/happy/whatever emotion) and took the bus, crying. Good thing I got one of those individual seats, and my hair was in the way of my face. Only a couple of people noticed me.

Whoa while writing this, I'm starting to tear up. I really miss home. I don't mean home as in where I sleep, I mean my city. I remember crying in a café, again, and for some reason it felt comforting to cry there. No one approached me or anything, a few people did notice me, but it was the only place I've ever been to where crying felt okay. 

I want to go back to my city just for that café and how good it made me feel through some difficult times of my life. And it's not even that special of a café. It's small, always crowded, you always have hipsters hogging the seats with their MacBooks, drinking an espresso or cappuccino or munching on a sandwich with ingredients you didn't know existed. They always played underground rock, the owners were always loudly laughing, in contrast to half the costumers who were students, therefore studying or working. Some stayed there for a couple of minutes to grab a quick snack, others stayed for hours. It was magic. Especially at night, when the rush settles down, and the few costumers that were left were those who would leave at closing time. The owners were so friendly and welcoming, though I never really had conversations with them. Just the usual "Hi, I'd like to order the ...". Yet, in those short minutes, they welcomed me with their smiles and their spirits. It felt great. 

I started college in August of 2013, and I would go there twice a week to escape. Then, from January 2014, I only got to go there once a week. From Summer to the Winter, I went there only a handful of time, but I stayed there until closing time twice. Those were the best moments. No rush at all, only maybe five to ten people, and it was quiet. Well no, it wasn't. There was music and people talking, but nothing traumatizing. The noise was melodious in a way. I don't know how to put it. It was good background noise. Pitch black outside, only a few cars driving by (the café is in the hipster neighbourhood of my home city, so besides the main streets, you see more bicycles or pedestrians around town). 

I wish I was capable of sharing these moments with someone. Well, scratch that. I did share those moments with people. Two, actually. People it took me 9 years to consider friends. Somehow, they were patient and didn't mind my asocial self. They didn't mind how quiet or odd I was, they just roll with it. I am so thankful for them, I really am. However I can't feel the need to be around them or to explicitly miss them. Though again, I wish I could share these moments with a special someone. I had one person I considered special in my life, but they're being distant. 

Sorry I'm rambling. Guess who needs a snack.  




 Whoa, I never thought this would ever be relevant, but I always want to be those people society classifies as plain "crazy". Like untreated schizophrenic people, or anyone who are in constant dementia/psychosis. I want a mental illness instead of a physical one only because I can't handle pain too much. I also want to lose my mind, and stop being in touch with reality. I don't know why I want this since I know it's an horrific thing to go through. 

However, I don't go to the doctor's whenever I have something. I have a cyst in my arm (I don't think it's cancerous but even if it were), I didn't get it checked. I have anemia and I don't take care of it either, and I always tell myself if I get breast cancer, I won't get it checked. I'll just die. Though apparently, breast cancer can be extremely painful ... yeah. I need to get over that fear of pain.  




 Only a lucky few have parents who truly have their children's best interest at heart. Most parents just want you to do and be what they think you should do and be. 

I learned this many times, but the most shocking moments happened in the last couple of years.

For Christmas 2013, my mother and I went to our home country to visit my father (who's job doesn't allow him to live with us in Canada, but he does visit). One random night, we were at a restaurant, and I was talking about what I want to do with my life, and how my goal was to be happy. Then my mother forced herself to say: Well ... we're proud of you either way, right? (asking my father). He looks at both of us, takes his glass of beer, and gulps it down in one go. He never answered. 

I moved to Europe two months ago to become an au-pair (which is kind of like a live-in nanny), and I thought I had finally gained my family's support. It is something I wanted to do for many reasons (I love children, I want to eventually study in Europe, etc.), but one of them is to get away from my family because they've been toxic. Well, I am sitting here, quite happy actually, and I get a message from my mom. "Hey, I miss you and I wish you were here, especially since now I need to print this thing for work and the printer is not working." This was the first time she said she missed me. Her other messages always came off as bitter to me, especially since she's angry at the fact that I'm not in school.  




 Meh, not to me. I have social anxiety and I still don't know clues (plus I'm paranoid as hell, so I always wonder if someone is just being polite). 

And I'm asexual, so. I don't care about "jumping in the sack". 




 I understand, and I agree.

To add something, from what I heard from friends and people who have been to Japan, you stand out quite a lot unless you're Japanese. Not the same country, but South Korea is quite homogenous like Japan, and people stare at you until either you or they leave, when you're a foreigner.  




 Rural Japan, maybe, but in big cities, there's no way in hell you'll ever be alone.  




 Sell something! You don't need a computer, a car, designer clothes or whatever. Also, websites like [TaskRabbit](https://www.taskrabbit.com) ([AskForTask](https://www.askfortask.com) if you're in Canada) allow you to find quick jobs to do.  




 Get a job and make 500 dollars, all in one week? It already takes more than one week to schedule an interview.  




 I thought "how much they like having you around".  




 I love languages, and after talking with someone about some etymological facts, I asked on this subreddit the words with the best etymology. 

 :( 




 Demonstrating doesn't automatically mean acting something out, though. It can also means "here's an example of ...". 




 Yes, that is exactly the problem. I am the listener. I have no control over this voice, and it is ruining my life. I want to be the voice, this way either it'll shut up 99% of the time, or I can easily change my chain of thoughts. For now, I am listening to something that is basically encouraging me to ruin my life, one way or the other.

Back when I was a naive teen (though I still am, except I graduated adolescence), I thought I had schizophrenia, simply because the first symptoms you hear about were the voices in your head you had no control over. Then I listened to a simulation of schizophrenia, and realized that it's different in my case. I am pretty sure everyone has a certain voice in their head. I guess my problem is that this voice seems to have a mind of its own. As if there are two voices in my head. Me, actual, living me, the one going trough life and being controlled by my brain, and then the me that is only my brain, the "controller". 

I know it makes no sense.  




 No when I said "someone did it to me" I didn't mean a god or an actual person. It's just too much of a coincidence (still is). And it's a terrible coincidence. I know there's worse but when you have three "problems" that just encourage you to be an hermit, but you still kind of wish you were not one, it sucks to go through life. It's like those dreams where you want to run but you're stuck, or you'r too slow. That's what it feels like to be alive right now.  




 No he was not trying to do anything for the memory of the deceased actor, he was playing because he likes to play and he likes Star Trek. I personally don't like board games at all. I prefer dominos or card games. More to the point, no extra crap, no more than maybe 5 rules. Nah. Board games and I do not match. 

Well, I don't know if I'm misunderstanding this, I guess I am, but I cannot associate with people. I don't have the skills at all. People who talk to me always feel like I'm bored or sad. Always. So they either leave me alone or they try to cheer me up (when I'm relatively fine). 

 I don't really enjoy conversations either, for some reason. It's just. Eh. We could be in silence right now so why aren't we? I enjoy debates though, but mostly online. In real life, it's tiring, I get nervous, the whole deal.

I am asocial, and socially anxious. How do I work this out. 

 




 Hey fellow Canadian! And thank you! I'll go to Müller then! : ) 




 Definitely an option I'll consider. Thank you! : ) 




 I'll try something like Galeria, maybe they'll have those. Thank you!  
























 Eating fast food.

Guess my weight! 

But seriously. Something about biting into a piece of fried chicken, or a juicy hamburger and fries .... I know, I know. Emotional eating is terrible. But I can't help it for now. At least it works : ) 




 I personally really love New York. I used to go there two or three times a year when I was younger. Age 8 I moved to Canada and it took me a while to like my city. But you know what, Montreal is one of the best cities in the world to me. Maybe not as eventful as Toronto (we're always compared) but it's still good enough. And it's cheap! I've found, in a "rich/hipster" area near downtown, a studio apartment for 300 dollars a month. What a bargain! Especially so close to downtown!

Now I'm in Germany and I'm looking forward to going back to Paris for a month! I can't help but love this city as well. 

Oh and since you're considering Chicago, do go there! It's apparently like New York, but a bit smaller and way cheaper (and cleaner!) Unless you hate winter. But then don't consider Canada at all (apart from Vancouver I guess) if you hate harsh winters : ) 




 I'm in Germany right now, and I've been to seven other countries (or eight, if you count a layover in London). I want that number to be ten! Honestly I don't know. My last few trips have made me realize that as much as I love foreign countries and cultures, I'm not so much of a tourist. I would, however, live a year or two in each of maybe twenty countries I like, if I were rich.

Good luck, by the way!
 




 Ha no worries I know I won't ever be in a relationship. I'm asexual and I havea personality disorder. The odds of finding someone at this point are pretty much zero.

No regrets. Slight disappointment but all is good : ) 




 Meh. I'm 19. I may die alone, never kissed, never in a relationship. 

Fine with me. Or at least, I'm trying to convince myself of that.  




 Oh cool! It honestly looks like a neat place to live in. In airports or airplanes, there are so many adds to incite people to move there. If I wasn't so in love with 'big' cities, I would totally go there! The scenery is lovely.  




 Hey! Where are you from? : ) Or at least, which province, if you rather not share the city?  




 My day is coming to an end, and I guess it was okay. After about 23 hours without eating, I finally ate something and that alone made me feel awesome. I'm trying to fight cravings right now but I can't resist ... so I'm thinking about giving in tomorrow. 

Also, I saw a [picture](https://41.media.tumblr.com/1c6b1dbde3643ef9054d538db3501315/tumblr_mtjqhcjo3a1qmkgojo1_540.jpg) of my home city and I really miss it. I decided to street view it a bit and now I'm pretty much in tears. I've been away for three months now. There are some cities, like New York City and Paris that just make me very emotional for some reason. Montreal, my home city, is just the same. I love it so much!  




 Just wanna say this, intelligence has nothing to do with substance usage. I went to "one of the top five best high schools" in my city, and everyone but my group of friends and maybe five other kids never touched drugs. I may be one out of three who has never touched alcohol. And I am willing to bet I'm one of the least intelligent kids.

It's usually peer pressure, or this idea that teens should be doing this at that age. 




 Happy to see SHINee mentioned! Though I honestly think their best song as of right now is "Dream Girl" (I'm on mobile sorry).  




 Doesn't count if you sleep through most of it : ) 




 Sounds pretty cool, especially when many people sung it together. I think that's the charm with the USSR Russian version. It's just powerful to hear so many people who (maybe? at least they sound like it) believe in their nation.  




 The only reason why I like the [Haitian National Anthem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQk3aqml2c8) is because there are ten versions to the lyrics, one for each work day, and in both official languages (creole and french). I don't know what happened during the week-end, but during work days, you have to stop in front of the National Palace and sing it while they raise it. At school, we had to sing it, too! The official National Anthem is all five parts together. Generations before me have a parody in creole of it, because they were so sick of singing it every single day. It's really funny. I wish I could find it. 

 Besides, I love the Russian anthem as well. Amazingly powerful! [This version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U06jlgpMtQs) from the USSR gives me chills all the time. 




 It's nothing big, I just live with other people and I'm too anxious to leave my room when they're all awake, so I wait at night (usually past 8 pm, most are in their rooms). I'll definitely go grocery shopping as early as possible tomorrow morning. Maybe buy bread and peanut butter.  




 Definitely! Or else I think I would have fainted by now!  




 Ah, I used to be the same. Always snacking. I hate hunger as well!  




 It's not really a choice? Well I guess in a sense it is but. Bleh. Stupid anxiety stuff.  




 Thank you. I was wondering if my body was being dramatic (I'm overweight and used to eat all the time, so maybe it's just extremely weird for my body to not be fed as often). 

It's really stupid, but I am not at home. I live with a host family overseas. I have free access to their kitchen, that's no problem, but lately I've been feeling a lot of anxiety around them. So much so, that I wait for most of them to be asleep to leave my room and go find something to eat. I'm not making much money, and today is Sunday and in Germany, most things are closed.  




 Thanks for letting me know. I was wondering if my body was exaggerating, since I'm overweight and maybe I've become really dramatic or something. I don't know.  




 Same here. However I have nothing. Absolutely nothing (but water).  




 Sorry this sounds like an odd question, but I haven't eaten in 22 hours now. Actually, lately, I've been eaten way less often than I'm used to, and almost every day I feel like I'm on the verge of death. I don't know how normal it is. 

Symptoms usually include a really bad migraine, feeling like head is too heavy for my body, burps (not uncomfortable but I guess worth mentioning), ringing in the ears, and an overall feeling of weakness. But I feel like 22 hours is very few for this type of reaction? 

** By the way, it's not that I don't want to eat. I'm the biggest food lover in the world. It's just that the circumstances I'm in I've led me to eat less than usual, sometimes not at all for a full day. 




 "You're worthy of my time."
I still sometimes doubt the person who says it because of self-esteem stupidity, but at that moment, it felt really good to hear that and to believe it for a microsecond.  




 I'm fat, and I want to lose weight and be healthy and blablabla. But the problem is I do a lot of emotional eating, and I don't seek help to fix it. Simply because I'm afraid of failing and feeling more like shit. Cuz nothing beats eating when you're feeling down (for me). 




 Apps!  




 Oh man. I hate interviews. I've had a few in my life, and they all went terrible. The worst has to be when I applied to work in a convenience store. I was answering the situational questions, thinking "Yeeeess, I'm killing it!" when it was my turn to ask questions. Then I asked a question about how they handle people robbing (since she had previously mentioned that kids from the neighboring school steal snacks almost on the daily). She responds: Well, TEAMWORK (she says it loud and slowly) definitely makes it a lot easier. 

Then it dawned on me. Throughout my interview, I did not mention teamwork once. Situational questions were answered with me basically saying: "I'll do this, then this, then this." instead of "I'll talk about it with x, then go help y, and advise z." 

I'm naturally a loner and during interviews, my brain shuts off. I can't think so I guess my truest self surfaces. Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever get a job.  




 Most pictures where he's with his daughter, he looks like the happiest man on Earth. 




 Ah now I understand. Sorry for misunderstanding, but I wasn't really expecting people talking about relationships, since that's one aspect of life. I meant life in general. Like how you feel about yourself, your mood, your motivation to go on, etc.

But anyway. At least I know you're not like that first guy.  




 I used to think the same thing, until I got on the bus one day, some random guy sit next to me and I didn't even think about it because what the hell he's a person like me, then he started touching me inappropriately. Now I fear sitting next to most men. It's been about four years and I'm slowly going back to my old self, though I do find myself making myself as small as possible or putting my backpack on my lap, when I'm sitting next to men. It's a thing you can't help. Like you wouldn't eat popcorn, at least for a while, if you almost choked to death while eating some.  




 I don't it has anything to do with children discovering things and whatever, since from a very young age, children lead pretty monotonous lives. Yet the days still feel really long. 




 Depends how you see it. If you think there is such a thing as an absolute zero of caring, and you're there, then yes. You couldn't care less. If you believe there is +care, a zero, then -care, then I could care less makes sense.  




 What? No one would tell a fat person they're too fat? Wanna exchange lives for a couple of days? 




 Look. My question is not so complicated. People always say "it gets better". "It" being life in general.

First comment is some dude complaining about how shit women are. Second comment is some dude saying women are useless to him.

So what is there to conclude? Explanation #1: He saw the first comment, got salty, and wrote something similar about how women are shit. Explanation #2: He didn't understand or didn't care enough to answer my question.

I guess you fit explanation #2 if you insist, but explanation #1 is not farfetched.

Still, why the hell are you replying to this question if that's not what I was asking?  




 Maybe I'm too old school, but I don't think that when it comes to love, you should actively look for it. Or else it's most probably artificial. By that I mean you'll date the person under a specific condition that is most likely going to be broken. Just wait?  




 Ok first of all, what does that have to do with my question then? Second, I'll quote you "They're good for". Who uses this to qualify humans, except the few bitter anti-women neckbeard whatever men I've seen on Reddit?  




 Omg, OP's comment history is incredibly sad! What is wrong with the man?  




 Have you read your comment? Here.
  the only thing a woman can bring to a relationship now that I can't get elsewhere with less of a hassle is sex. And unless the sex is mind-blowingly good, **it's not worth tolerating all the other shit she's going to bring along with her to get it.**

In other words, you mean the only good thing about women is sex, and they become worthy of your time if they're good at it. You're not even saying "In my experience" or "My exes were shit". You just took 3.5 billion people and just put them in the same "Good for sex and nothing else" category.

Thanks, mate.  




 I am American, but raised by Haitians in both Haiti and Canada. Haitians are not shy people, and I don't think the 10 years I spent in Canada might have done this to me.  




 Back home in Canada, a couple of people and I were coming back from spending an evening in a café downtown. We all live in the West side of our city, one of two parts where the metro doesn't reach, but there is an express bus from one of the metro stations to the mall in our region, and we all took it. At the mall, we each take different buses, but since it was night, there were only two buses per hour. So instead of waiting, I took the express bus (which has a line that continues until the most western point of the city), and the closest stop to my house is 15 minutes away if you walk, less than a minute if you take another bus. But I was too cold to wait. So, I walked. 

It was so quiet. Very few cars, and it was extremely dark. I listened to music and just slowly advanced in the snow. Somehow, I wasn't freezing anymore. Well, the cold became comforting. Life, during those 15 minutes, felt amazing. I was finally at peace with my thoughts somehow, I felt really light and good about myself.

Then I walked into my driveway and everything went back to normal.

I miss moments like this.  




 Yeah I try too as well but when it's everyone ... 




 I understand. I don't really believe in auras or energy or whatever, but it's so odd. It's not my face, I believe. I mean I'm no beauty but I'm no Grinch either. I also wonder if you would feel the same way. Probably. 

Not directly, but the host father has said that people naturally feel uncomfortable around me, but that they usually wonder if they've done something wrong. I come off as odd and uncomfortable. To this day, I don't understand how. I dress normally, no fancy haircut ... I'm just quiet. I don't think quiet people are so rare that meeting one is now considered odd.  




 I'm tempted to say "forever", but my first memory of such a thing was the first time I spent the night away from home. I think I was 8 or 9. A cousin of my mother invited me and five other children to stay at her house for Christmas until New Year's. All week, they were just uncomfortable, and I thought: "Good! I'm not the only socially awkward person here!" Then the day I was supposed to leave, I went to the basement to say bye to them and they were having tons of fun! 

I also remember when 4 years ago I went to Mexico for a student exchange program thing. Same thing. The girl who was hosting me, I thought she was naturally shy and awkward. Well, no. She is when she's around me, not when she's around other people. Then we went to a party one day and I tried to be sociable and whatnot. Some guy had guitar hero and I wanted to try. The second I took the guitar/controller, everyone but maybe two classmates left. Then when my turn was over, everyone came back. 

And the worst is, those people were never mean to me. Ever. They've all been helpful, caring and friendly to a certain extend. But they're just uncomfortable or less happy when I'm around.  




 Cold rainy days are perfect days for watching TV and eating junk food! Or reading a book while munching on carrots. Whatever you're into! 

It's just the perfect day to just laze around and do something that "cannot" put you in a bad mood. It really depends on who you are. Some people like walking in the rain. Some people like sitting in front of their window and look at the rain. Seriously. Rainy days are the best!  




 No that was just one example. And it's not because she kept asking me stuff, and it wasn't annoying at all. I just mean that when I'm around people, they're not at their happiest. Ever. But when I'm not, like when I would walk way behind them, it's like they felt way better. My presence feels inappropriate.

And what's funny is that even the baby notices it. He's a really happy baby, not shy at all, and he laughs all the time. But then when he looks at me (I'm no stranger), he just stops laughing or smiling. He looks at me like I just ruined it for him. Then he looks at someone else and immediately starts laughing and smiling again.

I just have a bad aura. Some people translate it as "always unhappy" (which is not too far from reality), others as "always uncomfortable" (which, also, is not too far from reality). But the core 'problem' is that I feel like I shouldn't be around people. 




 Oh lord I used to get into intense arguments because of frozen bread. I despise bread in the freezer or the fridge.  




 Meh. I have no social life and I hate parties. I also hate alcohol so I'll never get drunk in my life. I guess I'm good.  




 Not quite. I feel like I can easily ruin their happiness.

For instance yesterday, I went out with the family that hosts me (I'm in Germany for the next year with them). They're a couple with a baby, and yesterday we went to visit the mother's brother, who's married and whose wife is pregnant. At first, it was okay. They talked, we ate. Then they wanted to go out. I just naturally started walking behind them, as I usually do when I'm with people. Mostly because I like being alone in my thoughts, and I don't like attracting attention. But yesterday, they were having a jolly good time, and I felt like I was like a black smoke, so I should just stay behind them. A black smoke full of negative energy or something, and they should avoid me. And you could tell, they were worried. They kept asking me "Do you want this? Or this?" For a full minute (which is long), the mother kept asking me if I wanted to eat, go shopping, look around, drink something ... for a full minute! And she was so desperate to get a "Yes" from me, but she never got it. I think I slightly ruined her day.  




 Sometimes I wonder if I should get into drinking ... not that I want to be an alcoholic but so many people seem to find comfort in alcohol.

But I hate alcohol. So I get "drunk" on fast food and orange juice. Guess my weight!  




 Hey! Honestly lately I've been feeling like my entire aura is foul and I don't think I can fix that.

By aura, I just mean energy. Like whatever other people pick up when they're around me.  




 Honestly, I'm feeling the same way. Life isn't something I was meant to have. I cannot find anything worth my time. And like you, I don't mean like "My time is too precious for this". Quite the opposite. I'm useless and I have no motivation nor reason to change that. Life just feels. Eh. 

Until maybe a few hours ago (well, my opinion on that changes quite often), my life goal was to be a mother. But it is the most selfish thing I can do, which is bad. I know, having children is selfish in itself but only the decision should be selfish. The rest of your life should be devoted to raising your child to be a HAPPY and healthy person. But I think my state of mind is too improper and unpredictable for a child to be raised by me. 

I should have been a rock.  




 Well, great. I'm very vocal about how it doesn't change our lives so why should anyone care about what others like or what makes other people happy. 




 I was wondering about people with an overall shitty life. Not people who've been unlucky with ~~women~~ relationships/love.

Yet another person who sees women as a thing that should make their life better. Sorry to say this, but with this attitude, I'm glad you're having a hard time. 




 I was thinking about life in general, not just relationships. Also, sounds more like you were unlucky. You, the individual. You can't make it a men vs. women thing because if you want to go there, older ladies who happen to be single have no luck unless they're rich or find people with an old lady fetish. Because men like to go for your girls. And I do mean girls.

If you want love, you'd have to change your attitude towards women. Because, fun fact, they're people too. And not just things to fulfill your love/sex life.  




 What would getting rid of them change?! And Norway still have their Royal Family as well. Why are other countries way more unbothered by their Royal Family than the UK? It's only because in the UK, they have a celebrity status, and people everywhere either publicly or secretly hate celebrities. Especially those "rich for no reason" (most famous example of all time: Kim K.). Just let them be, man. If all they did was to have been born with the right combination of genes, then good on them. Because being from the middle class and lower sucks. So, happy they won't have to know this. 




 Listen to something boring. Not boring as in "Ugh. Please be done already!" But something that will not overly stimulate your mind. Like white noise. It's repetitive, nothing unexpected happens, it works great. What also may work is watching workout videos for beginners. The kind you see on TV early in the morning. The movements are simple enough for your brain to not go "WOAH WHAT JUST HAPPENED!"

Ok I don't know if you were asking for advices on how to fall asleep, but here. Enjoy :D

Or you can always drink milk. Some say warm, others say cold ... I say cold.  




 Sounds like your grandparents really care about you if they're willing to handle this type of event. So go and enjoy yourself. At least enjoy their presents. Maybe to you it's boring but to them, it's the most they can do to show how proud they are of you. 




 Sorry. English is not my first language. Care to explain instead of just pointing it out?  




 Super Mario Bros on the DS. Even if you finish your game, you can give yourself the challenge of unlocking all the worlds, or collecting all the stars, or as many coins as possible. 

 




 So I don't know where you live, but if you're in Canada, take the "Canadian" pizza from Pizza Hut. Meat on meat on meat, oh and mushrooms. To die for. 

I think the equivalent everywhere else is "meat lover". But if you like mushrooms, yo. Just go buy some and put that on the pizza. Amaaaaazing!  




 First of all, you must not visit Germany enough to know that they have kept many Nazi built buildings as symbols of "Let's remember we were shit, and let's never go back to that." Example: Wolfsburg Main Train Station. 

Second, [just tourists alone "reimburse" the cost of the Royal Family](http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/07/is-the-british-royal-family-worth-the-money/278052/). And on top of that, [The Queen herself has helped many charity groups she's the patron of raise more than a billion pounds](http://www.theguardian.com/voluntary-sector-network/2012/jun/11/queen-charitable-support). A billion! 

Look, if you don't like the Royals, fine. But if you truly think not having them would save Britain (financially), well no. * They are not The problem. Whoever is dealing with your economy is*. Is France better than the UK? Not really. Is Sweden or Luxembourg a shithole? I don't think so.  




 Maybe I will find no one? But today I've been seeing a lot if "I'm a living proof that it gets better" or things along those lines, so I wanted to hear from people who are living proofs of "it depends". 




 Again, like I said, they're symbols. Like many other buildings have negative side to them, a negative story. If you go to Germany, you'll find many of those, the only difference is that none of those symbols are humans, so they cannot better themselves (which the Royals have done). 

Now, the Monarchy knows the history they have, it is why they give out more than they get. It is why Royals are required to work for the state (The Queen helped out during the Second World War! And Prince Harry was deployed, I believe, twice in the Middle East. His brother did something in the army as well, I don't remember what). Not only that, but they give millions in charity, and they don't just sit on their thrones and sign checks. They actually go and help in person. Talk to people, share and help. Obviously the Queen doesn't do that anymore. She's 80+ years old. But the younger ones travel a lot, usually as symbols of something deeper. Kind of like a remember of "Hey, we got your back." Obviously countries like Canada, Australia or the UK barely see this since they're 'rich', but Jamaica and Lesotho for example do see a difference because they have something like the Monarchy that has their back. Obviously it's not perfect, we're humans after all. But it's better than nothing.  




 Same if you destroyed Big Ben and made it a hotel. Same if you destroyed all those churches and made them as hotels. I mean. You could get rid of anything historical and just build new apartments, or hotels, or whatever. 

Like I said, they are symbols. Symbols that people decided to preserve. They just happen to be humans. 

** Whoops. Big Ben is the clock. Not the entire building.  




 Nah. But even if I were, I don't see the problem. If you're talking about the tax you have that is given to them, I was subject to that too. Lived in Canada for 10 years. And it literally was cents.  




 I used to do both because I thought one shower a day was nasty, then I became lazy and showered in the morning only because I thought not showering before leaving the house was nasty, but then lately I've been showering at night ... Because I want an extra hour of sleep. I really can't fall asleep early, so I rather shower immediately before bed (midnight) so I can wake up at 7 instead of 6 or 6:30. However I work 'at home', so whatever. If I have to go outside, I still shower beforehand. 

Btw when I say nasty, I mean I would be nasty if I did it. I used to sweat a lot, and not showering twice a day meant hell until I found a good deo, and since it's still cold and I don't sweat at night anymore, I wake up smelling fresh now. Very happy.  




 Sometimes I wish I were a toddler that ends up being adopted by Prince Harry. Just because he looks like he would be the most terrific father ever. 




 I still don't understand why so many people hate the Royals, when they're no different than descendants of CEOs or celebrities. Actually, they do more. They still have to go to school, they still have to serve the state. And they all did, and the younger ones still work. They're just a symbol. They literally bother no one ... I really don't get it.  




 It's not really a song (since it has no lyrics), but I really enjoy this piece by the xx. It's called Intro, and it is literally the intro to one of their albums. The original version is less than 2 minutes long, but some people have made longer versions (seamless edits are the bests!), like [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4UtBYUMVJk), which is two hours and forty five minutes long. There used to be a ten hour version edited the same way, that got deleted (but thankfully I had downloaded it before it got taken off YouTube!)

If you want actual songs, I think most songs by Coldplay work well. What's funny is that it depends on your mood. They're good songs for when you're sad and want to stay sad, sad and want to be happier, happy and want to stay happy ... etc. [Clocks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbI1FpLd4Vk) is my personal favorite. 

There's also Weezer with Island in the Sun. Sorry I can't seem to find a good version on YouTube. You probably can (I'm in Germany and most videos are blocked). 

Last one that just screams "feel good", literally, is [Feel Good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plvpV9p0ywg) by Gorillaz. It's very different to the others (no calming rhythm), but somehow, hearing "Feel Good" makes me feel better. But I guess it is not for everyone.

Enjoy! : )


 




 I once wrote miaou as a conclusion to a writing test I had in high school (we were given a topic and we had to debate). I literally skipped two lines after my solid argument, and I added

Miaou.

As ashamed as I am, I still can't help but miaou when a situation is awkward. As if that helps.

Edit: pardon my French. Meow ** 




 Why are people so pretentious in this subreddit? I thought it was /r/earthporn, not /r/photographyporn. Of course with a professional camera, this would have looked stunning but it looks great already. Do y'all see the Kilimanjaro so often that you feel blasé when you see an iPhone picture of it? 

Cool picture!  




 I have for a few months. Honestly, I did it because I wanted to take care of children, but people have become very picky with who is allowed to take care of their child (age, experience, formal education related to childcare), while this volunteering responsibility I got only a police background check. I was 18 when I started, so of course I had no diploma to show any formal education I could have had, and at 18 you're still a kid, and of course, compared to someone twice my age, I have no experience. I have never gotten in trouble with the law either, So I chose volunteering. Loved it.

Basically, I had to take care of children while their parents took some time alone. Those parents, usually single women, were often immigrants or very poor people, so they needed that help/deserved it. I was supposed to look after two children for three hours a week, but it would sometimes last 8 hours, since the mother would go to school and stuff. I didn't mind. 

My biggest regret is not being creative enough with the children, and the fact that I easily give up when I fail. It's my biggest flaw in general, but I think if I were just slightly more positive as a person, they would have been very happy. For instance one of them was really unhappy when I took her out, and because of that, to this day I fear going out with a child. I also wish I had more money so I could take the children to different activities. Staying indoors when you're not so creative of a person can become dull very easily, especially for youngsters. But I would do it all over again. Any time. I would do it for the rest of my life and full-time, if only I was guaranteed to at least have a roof over my head and food to eat.  




 Reproduce? No way. But I was doomed with a natural love for children. I always think about adopting children (many of them), but then I remember the kind of person I am. I suck. I'm a terrible human being, living a terrible life, with terrible thoughts 24/7. Forcing someone else into my world would be abuse.

I am trying hard to get myself to not think about children and being a parent, but it's not working. And anyway, I have no real purpose in life, and I thought being a parent would be one. If it's not, I could die right now.  




 I feel the same. I feel ignored and meaningless, but I also don't want to be talked with because the other person is bored, has nothing better to do, I'm paid to be nice, etc. It just reinforces the idea that meaningless. So say, if the plumber comes over, I am not having a conversation with them because chances are, it will be one of those "I have nothing better to do/I'm bored/I'm being polite" conversations.  




 I think if you like your space, a cat would be better. If you still somehow want some kind of attention and even affection, a dog is awesome. Dogs can be sometimes invasive, but in the most loving and genuine way.  




 Ha. I have been living with a host family for three months, and to this day, I really hate going downstairs when they're here. Not because I don't like their company (they are the greatest people I ever met), I just still feel like I'm a stranger, and my presence is inappropriate, and just coming down to their kitchen "uninvited" would be rude. Which is really stupid because if I'm allowed to sleep in their house, I guess I am invited to go to every other rooms. But yeah. If they're in a bedroom, there's no way I'm going there. If they're in the kitchen/dining-room/living-room, I'm staying in my room. 

It's currently 4 pm, I am starving, but I would much rather stay in my room all day than go downstairs.

Stupid anxiety.  




 I'm sorry. I have no idea how this thing called "being sociable" works, but being corny, trying to be funny in real life doesn't work. She would probably laugh or answer to be polite (and that's kind of her job), but that's it. 

Starting a conversation is extremely easy. Very few will blatantly ignore you. Starting a meaningful conversation that will lead to something, anything, that's tough and it takes some serious skills.  




 Yeah. The thing is I want to learn by hearing people talk, since I have no one to talk with. And it's easier to write than to speak in a foreign language, since you have time to think, ressources to check, etc. 

Tv could be helpful, but I guess not German TV. 




 Pretty sure most Reality TV shows are scripted. But I guess it depends on what the scripting does. In those videos I've linked, the people are real, their actions are real, the outcome of the shows are real, but the people are often asked to do certain things a certain way (usually dramatically), just so it can be a little more interesting. Like Gordon Ramsay is extremely dramatic in Hell's Kitchen because no one would watch if he wouldn't yell. 

Now if even what the people feel and say is scripted ... I'm out. I've seen a show like this, I don't remember the channel (maybe VOX?). Some lady was crying because she wanted to see her family after they had moved or something. Then "all of a sudden", they come out the door and no one was waiting for them, but somehow they had mics on them and the lighting was perfect, perfectly stabilized cameras filming the 'unexpected entrance". Then the lady says, in the most "I failed theatre class" way: "Ich liebe ... Ich liebe dich." to her granddaughter who was like :/. Then the lady started fake-sobbing. Oh lord. No thank you.  




 After spending some time watching Germany's "Wife Swap", yeah. It's quite different from what I am used to. I think (North) Americans need constant stimulation, so you can't literally film someone doing the same thing for more than 5 minutes, unless shit happens every once in a while (speaking of Hell's Kitchen. They cook for maybe 10-15 minutes straight but every 2 minutes, Gordon Ramsay gets pissed). 

I like show is featuring families, because if you have children, chances are your lief can't be that empty. But then Wife Swipe ... The children were like. Background decor. The show was about the mothers more than what they do with the families. I like uneventful stuff but damn. German Reality TV is VERY uneventful. (Maybe it gets better but 17 minutes before the end, nothing had happened so I stopped watching). 

Man. I wanted to watch German TV just to hear the language as much as possible but everything so far have been so boring to me.   




 Thanks! I've been looking for streaming websites as well! : ) 




 Yes, I do mean something like 'Aching Kontrolle' but that show specifically, I don't really enjoy it. I guess I like shows where people cook or shows where people take care of children, or shows where you see families. 

Documentaries are cool but since I don't understand German, I don't feel comfortable watching a documentary yet. It's something I watch when I want to learn about a topic, so guessing what the narrator is saying would remove the joy out of it. : ) 




 Is it like American late night nows? I'm not really a fan, to be honest. This will sound weird but I don't like shows that purposely have humour in them.  




 Thank you! I've actually checked some and the few shows I'd find interesting are not free! A little upset, to be honest : ( 




 Here's the thing. People aren't dumb. They know that they will only get attention if they start rioting. Have you heard of the many (and I mean, many) peaceful walks and protests? I personally only hear from them on social media pages run by Black people only, usually Tumblr or Facebook. But the riots? Oh. Now that's everywhere: Reddit, Twitter, the news, newspaper ... even where I'm sitting, in Germany, I heard about it. But no one talks about the ten peaceful protests that happened before.

There are two kinds of rioters. The "Are you listening now?" and the "Lol better use this occasion to get free shit." That second category is often the one people see on TV, and surprise! They will put the "Are you listening now?" rioters in the same category! 

In Baltimore, there were just as many White rioters as Black rioters. Many of them took pictures of themselves looting stores, taking free beer and chips. And in those pictures I saw, they were literally all White. All just taking beer and chips. But do you hear about them? Nah. Who cares. The media needs something shocking. Something that will make viewers or readers hate those riots, spark the inner-racist in some.  




 Hello!

I am a North American who was spoiled with North American TV. I am now in Germany and I have yet to find something I like. 

I must admit, I am losing interest in TV in general, but I do enjoy some shows, such as [Supernanny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drlDiTfpiZA), [MasterChef](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZxD-g0dO_M), [Hell's Kitchen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wBVtCkueIY), and a Korean TV show called ['The Return of Superman'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mitSlhDMCQE). I do not like series, movies, or any type of fiction. 

One thing from Germany I thoroughly enjoyed (and I've watched it multiple times) was [this short video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Uoh3bE6-0U) I found on YouTube. I really enjoy reality TV, especially the kind where all the cameramen have to do is follow people around. No real plot, no plans, nothing extraordinary. 

Thanks in advance! 




 Ha, I just came back while another page while loading but it's fine. : )

Thank you so much! What a great subreddit!  




 The first top comment is a sarcastic one about how Black people mishandle their situation, when this video features at most 8 kids, but still, they represent our entire race! Second top comment (deleted now) was about someone having terrible experiences with Black people, and then you have a couple of Asians replying about how they're staying away from Black people. Third top comment (deleted) was what I meant when I said people always talk about how "Black culture being problematic and they need to go". Fourth top comment is okay, I guess, I don't want to think too much into it. Then fifth top comment is about a guy who can't help but find "those people" idiotic. Sixth is sarcastic and making fun of the fact that Black people nowadays are sick of always being called criminals. I stopped there.  




 I live in Hannover right now. I do get some stares, especially since I am wearing breads and [it looks like this](http://getfiercestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/yesnatty-com.jpg). Btw, that is not me. The size and the quantity seems to attract attention. No big deal, really. I have not witnessed racism towards Asians either, but then I've been here for only 13 weeks. 

I think "Black culture" is way too broad because you have different 'types of black'. I am originally from the West Indies. Within the West Indies, there is a huge different between ex-English colonies, and ex-French colonies. I don't know how different ex-Dutch colonies are though. And then, you have Africa, which is so diverse that I don't know where to begin. I think African-Americans have their own culture though (and it is rich and interesting), but then once you immigrate to America and you're Black, you're seen as the same as African-Americans. People as confuse consequences of black segregation and black culture as well. Sorry I am terrible at explaining.  




 I am American but I never lived in the US. I lived in Canada, the Caribbean, and I am now in Germany. And, I think you are right. Race is less of an issue here. At least, in Germany it is. Of course, you have some racism towards other groups but it's more like people muttering insults under their breath because "a damn immigrant cut them off today." But you don't see people openly discuss it. 

I try not to think about it either, but sometimes it hits me. Today was just a bad day from the get-go. Seeing this did not help.

But thank you for the comment : ) 




 Sure! [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/33w6dj/reporter_robbed_by_black_youths_while_covering/) is what led me to writing this. I didn't read the YouTube comment as they were predictable, but yeah. The Reddit comments are not better.  




 Thanks a lot. That was so well written. Today was just a bad day but from now on, I'll try to just keep my head up.

Thank you again! : ) 




 I don't have much a problem in my day-to-day life with racism. Usually they're at the same level as YouTube comments: Very stupid and easily forgettable, but too many can get to you. People are too chicken to voice 'smart racism'. Actually, I am lucky enough to have lived most of my life in countries where people are afraid to talk too loudly (Canada for 10 years, Germany now). But still, you know the racism is there. People you see on the streets go online to denigrate you and your entire culture, country or race. 

And I may be moving to Southern America next year ... yikes!  




 I try to stay away from it as much as possible, actually. But sometimes, I just wonder if people's opinion are changing. In that particular case, I read the comments in hopes of having someone say "It's not because they're black, it's because they're poor." type of comment. It was there, but many people disagreed. Some Asian guy replied and said "Yeah, Blacks are racist, so I'm raising my children to stay away from them." Fucking great. A thousand upvotes.

Thank you though. Hopefully it gets better for everyone.  




 Ha. I happen to be both. And the worst part is most people think they're doing something right. And the majority just agrees with them. How is the situation ever gonna change if the majority (who also happen to be the loudest) is against you?

I guess I will unsure from them. Small subreddits are really great!  




 Hey, this AskReddit thread didn't even get to my front page. I still looked at it and ... yeah. What a terrible mistake. What I have is from the the subreddit 'Videos', and there's this video of a bunch of kids, who are Black, who then steal from a reporter. I didn't watch the whole thing, and like the idiot that I am, I read the comments. I always do. Usually, I just check the first three to see if people are being racist or not. Sometimes they aren't .... it's usually in small subreddits, I must admit. 

Yeah they shouldn't get us down. Today was just a rough day, and to see this didn't help. Worst it, tomorrow I'll see the same. And the day after tomorrow, the same. Etc. I don't know when that will ever end.  




 Every time I come on here, I am constantly reminded of how most people view my race as dangerous, stupid, pigs, disrespectful ... At least once a week, this reminder gets to the front page. What's even more annoying with Reddit is that people act "smart" with their racism. On youtube, you see the usual "fuck those n-word we should lynch them", which is easily ignorable (thought it gets to you after a while). While on Reddit, people write so formally about how "Black culture is problematic and people who 'practice' it should be eradicated because it's helping no one.", then they get gold, thousands of upvotes, thousands of replies with people just agreeing. Then you have the sarcastic comments about how "Oh yeah, and the *real* racists/idiots are white."

I don't know. I really wish I were not black sometimes. I'm tired of living in countries where I'm seen as inferior no matter what. One group of idiotic people who happen to be black just ruins it for us all, but an entire idiotic nation with people who happen to be white has nothing to do with the world population of whites.

It really sucks. 

** This subreddit is sincerely the best. All the thoughtful, beautiful and uplifting comments really made my afternoon that much better. I don't know how to thank you all. I am seriously at awe at how amazing of a subreddit this is, all this because of amazing human beings like you all. I am very lucky. Thank you again. 

After reading all of your nice comments and having a good cry (I'm sorry I sound like a cry-baby, but it did help), I am on my way to buying my favorite food of all time, and I will watch my favorite show until the night. I am feeling so great. Again, it is all thanks to you! 




 Oh, yes. My daily dose of "Remember, kid, people will hate you because you're black." Just what I needed on this fine Sunday evening. 




 I bought this! To be honest, going through the pages a couple of times is fun. Then you just store it somewhere until to make friends to show it off to.  




 I'm from Canada, so I'm used to it being free. 124 euros sounds hella expensive to me :/ 




 I know I was agreeing with you ... I said I don't know how bad it is objectively, though subjectively it is really bad, but I'd probably not be the first person to get treated.  




 For some reason, I really don't like random words on tattoos in general, so the "Damaged" is just too cheesy for me. However, the "HAHAHA", I'm sold. For some other reason. 




 I am in Germany. I don't know if there are any clinics I can just walk into or not. Either way, I think I will wait the few weeks. Today wasn't too bad of a day. No large "booms" yet (I slept through the day because of the headache though).  




 I don't know how legitimate it is. Obviously next to a pregnant lady and a kid with a broken arm, I think I can wait. But then at the same time, I would be a pregnant lady with a broken arm next to someone with a really hard headache, I would think that I could wait.

Ha. It's really bad. Comparatively though? I don't know :/ 




 Honey glazed is the bomb! And sometimes I would add pure honey on top of that ish! It's amazing!  




 I have big boobs unfortunately, and I cannot go braless even if I wanted to. Actually, I don't even like the feeling of not having something support me. I have terrible bras though. I got fitted once in my life, and honestly I hate those well-fitted bras simply because it still feels like my boobs are swimming in a sack, when I want them to be tight and not move an inch. And ... back problems. I'm at a point where I can't walk for too long without at least carrying a backpack.

I am very envious of you, but also very happy!! :)  




 Interesting? I don't know, but vanilla ice cream with cheerios is honestly the best thing I've ever 'made' and tasted. I bet it's super common though. I just didn't have milk that night, so I used the thing closest to milk that I know of. 




 Lately, I have been feeling like I'm basically about to die. 

I have been having daily headaches for as long as I can remember, but about four months ago, they had stopped. Well, they came back last week and this time, I honestly feel like I am dying.

The right side of my face usually is where I feel the headache, and when I push on my neck arteries, it really hurts my temple, and it feels like something is about to explode there. The headache is like a constant background noise, with loud booms of sound every few minutes or so. They are destabilizing. Sometimes I can't even keep my eyes open, it hurts so much. 

I recently moved to a new country, and I still don't have insurance, so I must wait a couple more weeks before seeing a doctor. I just wanted to share this, in hopes of finding someone with the same/similar symptoms. 

(ironically, right now, I feel nothing). 

Thank you all for your answers! At least I know death isn't on its way :) 
























 Yes, since earthquakes are basically tectonic plates moving around. I'm sorry I'm terrible with but I'm worse at explaining with real words. So think of to this way. 

You are stuck in a room with 30 people, all cramped up. You cannot move at all. Everyone seems relatively okay with this situation, except you. You cannot handle it anymore, so you move a little to the left because you felt like the person to your right was way to squished against you. That causes your neighbor to your left feel uncomfortable, then she moves. Then everyone moves until everyone feels relatively comfortable again.

Same with earthquakes. Usually, they are demonstration of "release of seismic stress". When one area has release its "stress", maybe at another place, the stress has risen, which could lead to another earthquake.  




 You said you don't mind it, or you would actually like it. You're obviously not the only one. However there are people out there who hate it. The exceptions do not make the rules, especially when it comes to something that bothers a quite important group of people. 

Like my race doesn't like to be called a certain way. Does it bother me personally? Nope. But would I encourage people to use that word most people of my race hate? No. Because I'm the exception. I think differently. I don't make the rules.  




 But did you read my comment though?  




 Damn son who hurt you as a child?  




 Not really. It's such a popular topic amongst people who are often called "exotic". Didn't know it would spark such reactions, to be honest. And I thought my opinion would be obvious. 

I guess we're from different worlds.  




 But where are you though? On the internet, probably from a Western country, where such an opinion is very common.  




 Because you're acting like pedophiles are the scums of the world when they're not different from any other criminals.  




 You think being a stay-at-home person is easy though? HA. 




 How about people who molest adults? Are they more "saints"? 




 In a way, yes. How can I explain this.

Nature is old, and will forever be old. Maybe to us, 11 earthquakes in 30 days seems a lot, but on a bigger time period, say millions of years, it'll seem like average. For instance. If you eat on average 2 chickens nuggets per day, and you were to eat 60 chicken nuggets tomorrow (before that you ate none), then for the rest of the month you eat none, you'd still, on average, have had 2 per day during that month.  




 Not really. Paedophiles are only people who are attracted to children. People who act upon this attraction are either very deranged or perfectly sane, but horrible.  




 Since when was this an unpopular opinion though?  




 Never said it was primarily used for people, I said when used for people, most of the time, it as that "only good for the eyes/good for sex" connotation. And, it is used to describe a certain group of people that many people from the Western world find "good for the eyes/good for sex". As an example, I said South-East Asians. 




 Different people think differently. That's the beauty of humankind.  




 It was an example. I'm not going to enumerate all the instances in which this reality has been observed by mankind.  




 Whoa there someone is hurt.  




 Earthquakes happen almost every day though. Small ones can happen hundreds of times in a day. Bigger ones are less frequent, but still maybe one or two per month. Many are underwater as well, and we definitely do not hear about those, unless they cause a tsunami or other visible damages.  




 No, because my primary argument is that exotic as a certain quotation the word foreign doesn't have. My example is that the word exotic is primarily used to describe people who are also seen as "good for sex".  




 Nah. 




 Ah ok sorry about that : ) 




 I don't know about you, but to know that "my kind" is "good for sex" is not a thing I would want to know about myself.  




 Touché. 




 Here's what I'm talking about! Asian women (and Asian men too, actually) are objectified as hell nowadays with this yellow fever thing, and calling them exotic is not helping them, since when this word is used to describe them, they are seeing as an object to gain pleasure from. That's all I meant! No words cary a negative quotation on their own, there's history. And that's one of them. If exotic was used for foreigners, then this word would be attributed to my race as well. But whoops, my race is not seen as attractive or as a "thing to gain pleasure from", so we're not called exotic that much. 

Thanks for understanding!  




 How small is your butt if you can access your butthole while standing up?  




 I think what people don't like is this idea that we should stick to gender. I honestly want to be a housewife. Looks like the only thing I would enjoy doing for the rest of my life. But if another girl wants to be a mechanic and her husband wants to be a stay-at-home dad, go for it!  




 Parents have become so paranoid lately, plus they get shamed if they date leave their children outside. Someone "dared" leaving their six-year-old to play soccer in the streets one day (she was on Judge Judy) and she was shamed for doing it. "Who leaves their 6 year old out in the street anyway?" and other relevant phrases questioning her parenting skills, etc. Kid was six and was with much older children. They were in a suburban neighborhood. How dangerous could it be really  




 Yo this free speech right is getting out of hand ... 




 Obviously not everyone from the same country eats the same thing. Like I could say a North American breakfast consists of eggs, bacon, OJ and toast, but my family never ate those. 

Typically, Germans eat lots of bread, usually with ham and cheese for breakfast and dinner. And the people I live with happen to live a pretty typical german life (at least food wise).  




 Yo I'm not gonna threaten you with a gun to change your vocabulary chill man y'all are acting like I asked you to change your belief.  




 I totally understand and know that. But it's wrong to assume everyone is okay with something.  




 Ha yeah I could definitely do that as well : ) I'm just really shy about it. If it were for me, I would be eating all of their Frischkäse and Reiswaffeln. But I'd feel bad, to be honest.  




 I understand. There are exceptions to all rules. I just think it's disrespectful to just assume everyone you meet are part of that exception. Like I'm pretty sure some foreigners like to be called exotic, but most don't. So why act like it's totally fine to use that word for everyone.  




 I'm no angel. It is something I am trying to change about myself. I didn't think it was a problem until the group of people who have the feature I find beautiful said they hated said feature to be seen as beautiful so much.  




 Man I wish I were upperclass and sheltered from real life. Maybe I wouldn't know there are still selfish pricks out there who lack so much respect, they refuse to alter their heavily insulting vocabulary with negative quotations for the benefit of others.  




 It's weird how that bothers me so much, but I absolutely hate how they open doors in GTA V. That's literally my number one complain. Why would you come from a cutscene, have Michael drunk as fuck or whatever, walking like he about to collapse, then he opens the door like he's trying to escape the police. All. The. Time. 




 I guess we are from two different worlds then. I never heard the word exotic used in a positive way. It's either "That object/animal is exotic", or "That exotic chick ... you think she suck dick?" kind of way. And said "exotic chick" doesn't mean any foreign girl. She just happens to come from a country people find the people attractive in a sexual way.  




 Yeah definitely. Still looking for a snack i'd enjoy though : ) 




 Yeah, you got a point there. Humans like to do that. But since we know it can be frustrating to the people that are being objectified, I thought we'd eventually stop it.

Guess not.  




 Thanks for using retarded and ocd in the same sentence as a mean to insult people. Shows your character.  




 Nah. It would be seen as foreign.

 




 No. Caribbean.  




 What? Your sentence about Asian girls had no sexual quotation to it, while the sentence about tall guys being hot has one. That's like saying "Black people are so dark." and then comparing it to saying "Short girls are hot." One is an observation, the other one is you telling me what you find physically or sexually attractive.  




 Sometimes. But I guess it's because they have their heavy meal mostly outside, so they don't cook much during the week.  




 The adjective can be as well, but yeah the noun definitely is.  




 Northern Asia (Japan, Korea) is pretty westernized, if you ask me. Probably more Westernized than Canada. 

Or if you're talking about Geography, Spain is Western, yet considered exotic.  




 Nope, never was personally called exotic thankfully. It is, however, an issue with many people I've talked to.  




 Not trying too hard, I don't see why it's such a big deal to not use that term if some people don't like it.  




 But sexual orientation just means you're attracted to x sex, not y. Doesn't mean you can't enjoy other form of sex. Like Asexuals don't feel sexual orientation towards people. Doesn't they can't enjoy sex. It's just a matter of who you're attracted to.  




 What. How is "Asians girls are so skinny" objectifying? On average, they are ... 




 To put it simply, fetishizing is thinking "That thing about that person is hot!" (exclamation point to show excitement or whatever) while attraction is more like "That person is hot."  




 I understand, but truthfully, would you call someone from England exotic? A German? Someone from Canada (if you're out of Canada). Exotic is primarily used for courtliness that are "known for having pretty women", so Southern Asia usually or some parts of Madagascar for instance.  




 Why y'all not giving the full definition though. 




 I lived in a country that was 95% the same race (mine), and foreigners were just called foreigners (even when the Chinese came, they were just ... Chinese), then in a country (Canada) that was 85% White. Never heard the word "exotic" used besides when white men talk about how they want to sleep with a Thai woman.  




 Yep, that's definition number one. How about definition number two? And yes it's a matter of political correctness. I think if someone doesn't want to be referred to as a specific word (since it is about them), then fine.  




 That seems so little to me. And eating so much bread also seems like quite a lot. 

Oh well.  




 I'm not sure you read what you just wrote.  




 ... I don't think you understood the point of my comment but okay. 

For those who want to be picky, I'll just quote the dictionary.
 adjective
• originating in or characteristic of a distant foreign country: exotic birds | they loved to visit exotic places. ** primary definition often used with animals or objects**

• attractive or striking because colourful or out of the ordinary: youths with exotic haircuts | (as nounthe exotic) : there was a touch of the exotic in her appearance. ** secondary definition used to describe physical attributes.** 




 Like Americans. Three heavy meals a day. I'm okay with skipping breakfast, but then yeah. I don't think North Americans have "light" meals. You just eat a meal or you have a snack. 

As for Germany, if I were to eat like my host family heat, it would be bread/ham/cheese morning, a meal for lunch, then bread/ham/cheese in the afternoon.  




 Not the same, because humans are animals that are attracted to physical appearance as well (like many other animals. A lioness thinking the lion with the biggest mane is the one she wants to mate with is not objectifying, she's just doing what her brain has been wired to do for generations). Now if you have fetish for tall people, that's something else (and people who find "exotic" people hot are usually fetishizing them). 




 Exotic is a word you use to describe birds, or food, but using it on humans is dehumanizing. Also, it carries this "it's so hot/it's my fetish" type of connotation as well, which is another reason why it should not be used with people. A foreigner is a foreigner. If all foreigners were really called exotic, then we wouldn't be hearing that word attributed to specific regions (like South-East Asia).  




 Meh. I'd hate to know that my sexual orientation is seen as "adventurous" or "hot", rather than something I cannot change about myself. It's like when White people call some foreigners "exotic" and they think it's hot. It's rather objectifying. 




 Yeah I guess the main reason is that I don't really call bread and cheese "a meal". It feels more like a snack. Something to give you just the right amount of energy while you wait for an actual meal, you know?  




 Hey this will sound like a weird question, but anyone having a hard time adjusting to German's eating habits? I'm North American and I do fit the stereotype that says "We eat more than we need to" but I certainly feel underfed in Germany. Long story short, I feel like I only eat one real meal a day. I never feel full at the end of the day. Also, I am slightly picky with snacks and I cannot find the things I'm used to eating here (but that's not a problem I mean what do I expect from being in another country).

Anyone feeling slightly underfed? Maybe not underfed as that's quite a dramatic way of putting it, but anyone feeling like they're eating way less than they're used to? 

I know, I can go buy myself food and do the groceries, but I don't make much money and eating out every afternoon is costly, plus being a guest in someone's house doesn't give me the right (in my opinion) to hog their kitchen space.  




 Not yet. Maybe tomorrow though.

Though this morning I am feeling slightly better, but I'm scared to eat. I've been burping a lot, and with nausea, that usually means I may still throw up. :/ 




 I don't know how interesting sickness is but for the past three weeks or so I've been having daily headaches, and today they were paired with nausea. I thought throwing up would mean instant relief, I was wrong. Ended up spending the entire afternoon sleeping. Woke up a few minutes ago (it's almost 1:30 am) and still feeling quite terrible, light-headed at times, and this headache situation has not settled. What I regret the most is throwing my sheets in the washing machine some time before throwing up, meaning now that they're all clean I have to make my bed and I'm feeling so weak (but I'm on the computer ...) 




 I have so many ideals. 

In my most perfect ideal future, I would be rich, a stay-at-home mother with 6+ children, and maybe with a husband. Living in Europe (France, England or Germany) in a nice house. Once all my children are 6+ years old (or 5+ if we're in England), I'll go back to work, but part-time if I'm in Germany (mornings only). Then during lunch, I have a lunch date with my children, since apparently in Europe, your child can get out of school during lunchtime. 

In my more realizable ideal, I'm a single mother with two or three children. Location still a unknown, since it would depend on which decision I take now (right now I'm hesitating between staying in Germany or moving back to the US or Canada). I am someone who works with either deaf/deaf-blind children, or children experiencing behavioral difficulties. But, I would work in a school, just so I can have the same breaks as my children. No cars, just bikes. We'd be the type of family who would go to the museum at least once a week, go to the park every afternoon after dinner, and who would have lunch in a café from time to time. 

I think the second ideal is the one I am aiming for the most. It's realizable, it's simple, and it just seems like the type of life I would enjoy.  




 I have the same issue! I love notebooks, but when I'm out of school, I have no idea what to do with them. In the past, I've had notebooks in which I wrote "tweets I would write if I were someone else", usually celebrities but also imaginary people. I used to be into writing but lately not so much, so writing rather short lines seem to work fine. Also, very recently I started using Blender (3D content creating program) so I use my newest notebook for inspiration for that. I think I will also write like German stuff in it, since I'm learning the language, and writing by hand seems more effective when trying to remember something. 

Like /u/DarkXuin said, it's always impressive to have someone with a notebook filled with scholarly stuff, like math (easier to spot).  




 Babies at the age of one are usually into destroying stuff. However, soon enough (or maybe already) they get into stacking, so get them stacking cups! Also, books. Always books with lots of images she's familiar with but that aren't boring. Like animals! Many babies also start getting into playing pretend, so a toy phone, toy keys, toy cards ... anything mommy and daddy does that she might want to do as well. 

I don't recommend buying clothes since it's so personal (style, fit, etc.) unless the parents explicitly tell you it's okay to buy them that. Also, kids grow up so fast, so getting an expensive-ish piece of clothing is like throwing away money.  




 Eh. Babies are quite clever, actually. They always figure things out we take for granted.  




 Coming from a 3rd world country, I gotta say ... the western media is dramatic as hell. Of course, Canada (I lived there as well) is much safer than Mexico in general, but Mexico is not a hell hole. You're not going to get killed, you're not going to get raped. Just be smart about your every move. Don't venture in the streets too late at night, don't go places where you know they're not used to seeing tourists, especially since you're clearly a foreigner. If you're a girl, try not to be on your own. Don't go to areas where there are tons of crimes (again, usually areas where tourists don't go to). Going to foreign country shouldn't be an excuse for you to be less vigilant. Pretty sure wherever you are in Canada, there's an "unsafe" part of town, and I'm pretty sure you've been there and survived. As for foreigners being robbed, try going to Paris for a week and see how easily pickpocketed you will get. 

As for natural happenings, it's a tropical country. Of course it's going to rain. Monsoons aren't so bad. In fact, they're pretty fun, as long as you don't venture around a place where a current could drag you to the ocean or something. Hurricanes and other more important 'disasters', there are plenty of warnings, especially in a country like Mexico where there are tourists all the time. 

Seriously. If a country is really unsafe, you wouldn't easily find a way to travel to it. You would be bombarded with warnings while trying to purchase tickets. Mexico is not one of them. Of course, it's really unsafe in certain places, but the entire country is not a war zone. 

Oh, and HAVE FUN! It's a great country. Tons of friendly people, yummy food everywhere. Don't use too much toilet paper though! Their toilets are easily clogged (learned this the hard way)! 




 I adore routine. I dropped out of college four months ago in order to go overseas, so my life has been off a routine for a while ... then I decided to go back to one.

I am taking care of a small child, and with me, he's on a "strict" schedule. 8 am, we get ready to go to the playground, 9:30 snack, 10:15 nap time, lunch whenever he wakes up (I am off duty at 12:30, usually he wakes up then). Then, I eat dinner way later in the evening, then shower at midnight, and straight to bed. When I have to look after him in the evening, he eats dinner at 5:30, 6:30 we start our bedtime routine, and by 7, we're in his room, trying to get him to fall asleep, preferably before 7:30. Every single day. Sometimes I stop and realize wow ... we do the same thing all the time. I think he's too young to get tired of it, but still. I personally really love routines. At least I don't have to think too much about what might happen next. But I'm trying to be a little flexible from time to time anyway.  




 The pizza sub is my go-to sub, to be honest. I love anything from tomatoes, so I would ask for extra marinera sauce and extra tomatoes. When they grill it so perfectly that the cheese stays melted for a long time, it's like biting into heaven. Yum!  




 I'm West Indian, and honestly I don't know how often people eat this, but at least my family does.

We have this root called manioc (so I googled it to see how it's spelled, it's also called cassava) and aside from using it as an ingredient in various dishes, my culture also likes to use it as a starchy lotion. I was covered in this thing when I got chicken pox. So the way you do it, you grate it into a powder, you wet it, then you let it dry. If you want to use it as a lotion, you let it dry on yourself. When you let it dry, it has a clay-like texture. 

Well, sometimes, we (my family, at least) would eat it. I honestly thought it was common but I had my friends try it one day, and they hated it. A few of them were from the same country as me, and they just threw the thing away.  




 Sure was! With Leah Miller and Matt. Man. I miss these two. MusiquePlus had the French equivalent, the titled is a literate translation (Plus sur commande). These shows were really awesome, and the VJs were really what made those channels so worth it. 

MuchMusic had another favorite of mine: Video on Trial. That thing was funny!  




 I think so. I have anemia, and apparently people with anemia are prone to pica. Plus my mother, who also has anemia, had more "traditional" pica cravings, such as dirt and clay.  




 Where I lived most of my life (Montreal, Canada) there was this TV channel called MusiquePlus. It's like MTV. Before the internet and YouTube became super popular for music, circa 2006-2010, it was one of the few music sources we had. Every song from that era reminds me of MusiquePlus. Back then, I think most people had a various taste in music, since you had to sit through different genres if you were to watch those channels. It was magical. And back then, even music shows were interactive. Like you could text a message  and it would appear on the screen. Questions were answered by the host.

The English-Canadian version of it was MuchMusic. Just as magical. It was one of the things that helped me learn English. Every Spring Break, they had a show called (surprise!) Spring Break. I don't Lim partying, alcohol and whatever things people do when drunk, but sometimes this show was fuuuuny! Some 'party' songs remind me of that show and all of MuchMusic as well.

Good times. 




 Pretty sure I won't find anyone here who does this but I eat flour. Yes, raw flour. I buy a small bag, put a spoon in it and dig in whenever. Lately I've been putting drops of water in, wait for it to dry, then eat the chunky bits.  




 My hands are always on my thighs. Always. It's just comforting. 




 I know. I'm sorry I loosely explained what I meant. Asian diaspora, at least from personal experience, call it Chinese New Year.At least they do where I lived. 




 It is. In a sense, you are two things. You are your thoughts and your 'body'. Your body doesn't depend on your thoughts at all, since most other species do not have thoughts as developed as ours (from what we know), and they still survive well.

If you look at some dogs, their body is telling them to hoard and hide his bones "just in case". If a dog could sit down and rationalize its situation, it would realize that his human will most probably not touch his bones, and it will most probably never run out, so it doesn't need to hide them. 

Saying "My body needs" would just be too much words, and would become easily redundant. So yeah.  




 Same with Canada and the US. Hashtags everywhere. Each show has one. Actually, sometimes some segments of shows after their own hashtags. Like in a cooking show, if someone had raw eggs, at the bottom of the screen, you'll see #raweggs or something like that. And I think most reality TV shows with a narrator have like "'Like' us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter" some time during their airing time. Or they'll just have a page with a bird, an 'F', a 'G+' even. It doesn't really bother me but I can see how it may annoy others.  




 It's still called Chinese New Year though, and they celebrate it the same way. Little Red Enveloppes with money, greetings to grandparents and words of wisdom exchanged. Seollal in Korea was based off Chinese literature, and Tết in Vietnam is from the vietnamese variation of the Chinese calendar. Same origin. 




 Not really. In order for your body to survive, you do need water, food, etc. Now, your body does want to survive, simply because that's its purpose. If you ever go through this hell people call "almost dying" (I hope you never do), you'l realize how much your body will not give up, and will do anything to keep you alive. 

Now. Of course you don't need to be alive. Everything that is doesn't need to be here. But since they're there and we can't really do anything about it, they become useful or necessary. Like the sun. Extremely important. Water. Oxygen. Etc. The problem is humans and their thoughts. It's like our consciousness is not governed by the laws of nature (thought it is, just with a lot of freedom). We think too much, we question existence, we doubt our purpose, etc. It's not bad at all. It's actually good. Questioning everything is how we've learned so much about the world around us. 

But yeah. Philosophy and biology shouldn't be mixed. Biology is just. There. No thoughts behind it. So it should just 'be'.  




 I didn't know I had one until very recently. And the weird part is, I can't smell this smell anymore.

I live with a host family in Germany, and one day I was having quite a shitty day. I entered their apartment after going grocery shopping and I smelled "them". I don't know how to put it. I thought I smelled their presence. 

Well, they weren't home. They both work during the day. But at that moment, their 'smell' was so comforting. Like I was getting hugged and comforted by something or someone. It only lasted a few seconds though. But it felt really great. 

I wish I could feel this way again. 

Edit: Whoops! Did you mean "bad smell" by odor? I'm sorry. If that's the case, I guess my favorite is the smell of scotch tape! : ) 




 I nap almost every day! Usually 3 hours, though I wish I could do short naps (since you apparently wake up less drowsy). And lately I've been having headaches every day, and since they don't seem to go away, I try to sleep as much as possible just so I can forget about the pain for a few hours. 

I've had some short naps, like during longish car rides (30 minutes to one hour). I always woke up feeling so much better.  




 I'm an only child and my parents still had a favorite that wasn't me haha. Usually a friend's *oh so perfect* daughter.  




 Though to be fair, the Chinese New Year is celebrated by other Eastern Asian countries, from Korea to Vietnam.  




 Yay thanks! Gloomy days are just the best!  




 Lucky you! I wish I were sitting on a bus (maybe more the train, but they're on strike where I am) while it's raining and gloomy. Here it's a little overcast, it had rained a bit (a little drizzle for one minute or so) and the sun comes out from time to time. Sorry that sounds weird but can you take a picture of the weather? :D 

And, I am doing laundry. Not too exciting, but I find doing laundry relaxing. My head has been quite sensible lately and thinking too much enhances my migraine. So laundry is just perfect! : ) 




 Thank you so much! That is really helpful of you!  




 On the brink of puberty, I remembered that, and it pissed me off! My parents raised me in a way as if I were expected to be perfect, *like them*. As if the way they're raising me, I was guaranteed to have no problems whatsoever, to have my shit together. To be perfect. Then with puberty came a string of problems I couldn't help, and they were always on my back, always mad at me, wishing they had another child, never proud of me (and they've admitted that so many times).

Then I became overly aware of their problems. Then I noticed my parents can't even deal with on another (clashing personalities), etc. I noticed they are both quite lonely. Both living sad lives, even though my father is accomplished and my mother seems to enjoy what she's doing. But for some reason, I can't feel any pity. Not because I'm cold hearted (okay, maybe a bit) but because I'm still salty about my childhood. I don't understand why they were so rough and rude to me, and cared so little about my problems. If parents aren't going to care about their child, sorry but said child might as well not care about their parents' problems.  




 Not always. First, finding the right treatment for an individual is difficult. Then, said treatment must be paired (or not) with the right thing in order to actually work. Then, said treatment must actually work in the long-term, because some just work for a short moment. Nothing is easy with any mental problems or disorders.  




 Then it's not just Tumblr. It's everyone. The word "depressed" nowadays is synonym to sad. And you don't need to have PTSD to have triggers. I mean, say you're kind of sad, then you see someone talking about suicide ... you may, out of the blue, think about suicide yourself. Or when it comes to food, you may be having a hard time to help your cravings, then you see someone describing their dinner and you're just like "Wow, you know what, I'm hungry." and you end up overeating. 

I don't know how many of people who like to describe Tumblr actually go on Tumblr ... it's like any other websites, including Reddit. Its demographics happen to be mostly teenage girls, and for some reason, everyone hates teenage girls on the internet ... 




 Whoa thanks for the link!  




 I do not live in New York. It's a picture I saw online a while ago. Plus I haven't been in NYC in ages ... But I think telling me the area is good enough. Thank you! : ) 




 Thank you! : ) 




 Thank you very much!  




 Looks pretty similar!

And wow if you were to do this, I would be extremely thankful!  




 I don't know. I've had depression for a while and calling it easily treatable, as if it were a cold, is the same as what you're describing as annoying. I'm on Tumblr all the time and I notice people complaining about the romanticization of mental illnesses, but it's such a small group of people who do that (like the romanticization of cancer after the movie "Fault in our Stars".

But honestly. It irritates me when people think depression, anxiety, or OCD, PTSD ... whatever, is easily treatable. Everything related to psychology is like bargaining. It's a "guessing" science, so there's no way it's easy to even be diagnosed with anything. 

Please reconsider your opinion, or maybe your choice of words. 




 Thank you! : ) 




 Hello,

I have found [this absolutely beautiful picture](http://a.wattpad.com/userbg/audreystav.54492.jpg) some time ago, and I promised myself to go to that exact same spot during the sunset, one of those days. 

I don't currently live in NYC, if that changes anything.

Thanks in advance!   




 Removing my braids. I have [these](http://www.poeticjusticebraids.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/box-braids-hairstyles-2014-pictures.png) on (not my picture), which are essentially braided hair extensions. I put them on as a protective hairstyle so my hair can rest a bit. I cannot wait to remove them.  




 The news show what people want to see. I remember after Haiti's Earthquake, after day 2, non-Haitians people stopped watching the news or reading the newspaper because "That's all they're talking about!". Reason is, where I used to live, there was a huge Haitian community so the news was flooded with just that, but other nations were really unhappy about it. 

Nepal is too far away and doesn't have that huge of a diaspora for the Western world to relate and to truly care.  




 It's 10 pm and I'm googling weather or not orange juice can cause migraines. I drink between 500 ml and 1L of it every day (I know, it's bad but I'm so picky with my beverages) and I also have daily headaches/migraines. 




 (breaths in) *tch*! 
I have this terrible habit of silencing my sneezes. It's apparently bad for you. I don't know why I can't not do it.  




 I don't question my gender. I mean I don't think I'm genderqueer at all. I say I'm a girl simply because it matches my sex. I think if I were to wake up tomorrow XY but with the memory of being a female, I'd have no trouble at all calling myself a man. 

However, I do not relate to my gender much. I don't do the things I'm expected to do stereotypically, like makeup, the typical "girl" fashion sense, "girl" interests, etc. Not really by choice, I just don't care for it. I'd cut my hair short if I wasn't so self-conscious about the shape of my face. I would wear suits if I wasn't so self-conscious about going shopping. I would totally do jobs seen as "manly" if, again, I wasn't so damn self-conscious. Heck, I'd grow a beard if I had the capability to do so! I just do stuff I know won't attract attention, so if you were to see me in the streets, I would look like any other girls.  
























 That's ... kind of why I've been taking about suicide. To avoid doing nothing throughout my life. Even though to be honest, nothingness is the best thing that has happened to me. Like these past 4 days, I've been doing pretty much nothing and I felt pretty good. 

I know what you mean, but honestly I don't know for how long I should "try", because whenever I do try, I fail. And I mean, I fail. Challenging my depression makes me suicidal, challenging my anxiety gives me a panic attack. I don't enjoy that. I don't want to go through yet another suicidal attempt (unless it's the final one), nor do I want any other panic attacks. It's not fun.  




 I have tried many times but I lose interest immediately. I don't want to do anything with myself, because everything else is boring, which reminds me of the fact that I can't feel pleasure anymore, which in itself is quiet depressive. I don't know. I wish I had another brain. A brain without depression and/or anxiety and/or that stupid personality disorder. I feel restricted in my actions, thoughts and emotions. It really sucks.

And I understand where you're coming from. Life objectively wasn't so good until three and a half months ago, when I decided to change it. Well, I haven't changed. That really sucks.  




 It's nothing about life objectively, it's more like myself. I feel like I am the problem, but most of the things that make me the problem are hard to fix. Like depression, anxiety, a personality disorder ... things that seem to be part of me forever. I don't think I can have a quality life with all three, so might as well not be here.

How about you? What's happening to you?  




 Well, I think I'm one of those people who were born doomed. I have a list of "problems", and most are under the "hard/impossible to fix" subcategory. I'm slowly accepting the emptiness of my future, but I don't want to go through an existence of just. Nothing. I think I'm starting to accept suicide as the only outcome. Maybe the world will be a better place without me. Nah. As I am now, there's no way I'm influencing anything. So yeah. Might as well not be here at all.  




 I wish I could get rid of my vagina.

Well no, that wouldn't fix it. I want to get rid of my uterus and ovaries.  




 I thought Camera. It's actually 'Apps'. : ( 




 I want to be a mother, a wife, and an accomplished professional.

But I know for a fact I'm going to die alone in my little studio apartment lol 




 Are you not allowed to have anything at all in solitary confinement? I think they're allowed to have books, and some times come into contact with other people.

The mental institution I'm talking about was about the same. One girl was allowed to have her bible, the other, a board game. The third kid had nothing, but he was the only one in the whole building allowed to go outside with company (I don't remember why). Not allowed to interact with patients outside your room, no real privacy (at night, everyone hour, someone had to either look through the door window, or actually get in). I guess the only 'plus' was they were allowed to have visits a few minutes a day.  




 I don't know man people have been doing this forever, even in this century, and they're fine.

Go into a mental institution with teens and most are not even allowed to go outside. The most they get are occasional board games. Everyone was fine, actually. Fine and relaxed. Doing nothing for a while can help your mind settle, and the smallest things become adventures. 




 It was 100% cultural. I lived 8 years in the West Indies, and parents are naturally strict, and school is obviously important. Every night, I had to recite, word-to-word, whatever I had to study. Failing to recite all words properly meant not only a beating with the belt (which, again, normal in my culture), but also 10 more minutes to review everything. It might sound "fair", since it means practicing, but not remembering one word meant 10 more minutes, and this could result in a two hour reciting session of a page or two. Also, I had to be good in music. I was good when I was young (3 to 8, I played from age 2 to 12), because my culture believes in perfection, not knowledge. So I didn't really learn any techniques, I learned how to memorize and play notes well. 

As soon as we moved to Canada, my mother changed. I think it was because she was tired most of the time. Back home, my father was the main provider, and now it was her role so she worked a lot (my father still lives in the West Indies). However, I'd get a beating if my report card was not perfect. Sometimes, she'd force me to study, then she'd get tired and just not cared. At some point she started making me memorize the dictionary. We stopped after a few days. Then, age 12 or so, she stopped beating me (thank goodness!) but she was a bit verbally abusive. One day, after a not-so-successful violin practice (I think I was 10 or 11, actually) she made me believe she was going to murder me, and literally spent the day making "my last wishes come true". And I believed it, because she never tried to spoil me before. Thought I didn't do or ask anything because I thought I was going to die. She apologized, but then the next day, she laughed about it with her friends, making it look like she was just "joking with me and I couldn't take a joke". 

Age 15 is when my mother 100% gave up on me. As long as I wasn't failing any classes, she wouldn't give me shit. She's the most disappointed mother ever, especially since she wanted me to be a doctor or a lawyer, and recently I dropped out of school to move overseas, in college I learned languages, and I think I just want to be a preschool/primary school teacher. My father is not proud either, but he just doesn't show it. He has given up on me completely last year. 

Sorry this was much longer than it should have been.  




 Ha, same! Right now, I am what seems like 'happy'. And I'm all alone until Monday (have been alone since Thursday). What's even funnier, is that when the people I live with were leaving, I felt nothing. Then when I was alone and saw them drive off (I was looking out the window), I started crying. Me! The coldest person on Earth! I cried! 

It was odd.  




 Learn a new language! :D With duolingo!  




 I like feeling slightly cold.  




 Um, love? Well, as in when people say "I love you". Everyone loves everyone, if we were to believe them. Maybe I'm old fashioned but I truly believe you cannot love more than, what, five people? Unless you have like twenty siblings or whatever. But even then, this love is most probably conditional (a.k.a you're family, I must love you).  




 Nah. Literally just has a new definition/purpose. That happens all the time, but nowadays (with the internet and all) words seem to change way too rapidly. Literally now is used as a way to emphasize whatever is being said. 




 Hair. I like long hair. Any length that isn't considered a short cut will do. As long as I can run my fingers through them.  




 Meh, not many. Though I do talk to a couple of people very regularly, maybe one would consider me a friend. Well, one is a family member with whom I grew up for about 6 years, and I think she feels like she must listen to me because I'm overseas and she's the only person I feel comfortable talking with. The other one is someone I just randomly babble to. She reads whatever I write, sometimes comments about it, but usually just reads. Third person is the one I guess who considers me a friend. Or at least she's really polite. We don't talk every single day, but yeah maybe twice to three times a week or so. 

There are a couple of people I talk with maybe once a month? They're great people, we just don't feel the need to communicate much. 

By the way, those are all happening on social media. Outside of the internet, I have myself only.  




 I went to the grocery store today! I spent just under 12 euros. I am amazed at how much you can buy with so little! I got myself two chocolate/hazelnut yoghourts, a branch (is that what they are?) of broccoli, cheddar cheese, mango/orange juice from a premium brand or whatever, Dove body wash, two packs of underwear linens, and ... yeah I think that's it. Previously, I've been doing my shopping a lot, and I can make myself two meals for just under five euros. Okay, I don't have very expensive taste, but still: two avocados, four breakfast buns and a bag of chicken wings costs under 5 euros, and that's two hearty meals right there. Four, if you're not a hungry hippo like me. Amazing!  




 I'm a fat kid, so I guess I can answer that one.

Of course, the cost of fast food is a problem, but also parenting. Many parents use food to bribe their children, to reward them, to shut them up ... or a beautiful combination of all three. So, you have a bunch of children who basically see food as a complimentary to whatever emotion they must be feeling, from happiness to anger to sadness. It's terrible, and it's especially hard to get out of it. Personally the only reason why I'm still fat is because of emotional eating.  




 I am black, from the Caribbeans. While looking for the name of whatever was growing behind my ear, I fell upon many articles talking about how Keloid scaring and hypertrophic scars were relatively common amongst darker skinned people, especially black people.  




 Well it's better to get it pierced as a baby, even though it's not really the baby's choice. I got my ears pierced when I turned 11, and I got a terrible, terrible infection from it. Apparently it's very common with people of my race, but the scar actually grew out and it formed a little lump behind my ear. I'm glad it was behind my ears because it must have looked really awful. Fast forward a couple of years and it became pretty big, maybe the size of a blueberry, and I had it surgically removed. It cost my mother a ton, since it's considered plastic surgery so it was not covered by insurance. And the worst thing is, I got pierced by a professional at a fancy jewelry store (expensive), and we bought the best gold (expensive) in order to avoid any infections. But my curious self couldn't keep myself from touching my ears, and ... yeah. All of these expenses would have been avoided if I had my ears pierced as a baby. And, turns out, I don't even like earrings so really it was all a waste. 

I think if I were to live in a country where the majority of girls had their ears pierced, I'd pierce my daughters' ears when they're babies in case they choose to have earrings once they're older.  




 Oh wow, I feel the same way. I actually dropped out of college about four months ago, and I cannot wait to go back to school and get a Master's or something.  I want to stay there forever. Actually where I am from, colleges last (if you take the recommended number of credits per semester) two years, and then after you go to Uni. Most of the people I know have graduated and heading to Uni next September. Part of me regrets leaving college, though it was for a good cause (I emigrated).  




 Montreal is a great city. I can't recommend it enough. It is beautiful, diverse, alive ... If you have a bit of money, I would wholeheartedly recommend living in the heart of the city. Not downtown though. That's cliché (though downtown is pretty cool). There is an area called "Plateau Mont-Royal". It's considered Montreal's hipster town. I know, hipsters have that reputation or whatever the internet hates, but I swear this area is incredible. There's everything to see, to do, to eat ... It's so close to downtown, yet it's so casual and just fun to be at. Also, Montreal has a Chinatown that is pretty great for cheap findings and yummy food. Little Italy, as you may have guested, is extremely glorious. Nothing more to say. And we have the gay village. My #1 regret in life is to have not been there. It's awesome, and anyone who goes there says it's really cool. Some of the best restaurants, entertainment is A+. And yeah. I love it. 

And actually, I don't know what exactly make me want to stay in Germany. It's a great country all in all. That's all I can say haha. Actually before moving there I always wanted to live in Europe. My number reason was to distance myself from my family and start anew. I have had a thing for France for the past 6 years or so (plus French is my first language so it would be easier haha) but Germany has a better social system (and free education!!). Plus I'm already there, so if I were to become a citizen, it would be much easier here than in France. Lucky you're in France already!!

And yeah. They have feasts, and those are glorious. In Restaurants, portions are incredible. But in the comfort of their home? Nah. Bread/cheese/ham constitute two meals a day. Two meals! And lunchtime is when they "go nuts". Not saying it's bad, but I am not used to that at all.  




 I guess I am? At least, that's the plan.

103 days (I checked yesterday haha) ago, I left Montreal, Canada, and moved to Germany. My initial plan was to stay there for 12 months, turns out I'll be there for 15 months, and part of me wants that 15 months to turn into a lifetime. 

I came here as an au-pair. Simply put, an au-pair is someone, usually a foreigner, who offers childcare services in exchange of free boarding. It's an extremely cheap way for parents to have someone look after their kids, and a pretty cheap way for young adults to travel, and I'd say 95% of au-pairs are in it for the traveling part. Though personally I did it because I really wanted a childcare experience without having to wait (most childcare jobs require a degree, and I was 18 when I started planning doing that). 

I am not really struggling for now. It's been only 3 months and a half, no real challenges has showed up (except maybe getting a visa, which was granted literally 5 days before potential deportation. Huge stress!). But my life is awesome, I feel extremely lucky to have ended with the host family I am with right now. I owe them quite literally everything.

I'd say the 'real' challenges, if I may call them so, are personal. I thought being away would change me for the good, but turns out I'm the same crappy human being that I was in Montreal. Nothing seem to really fulfill me as a person, happiness is a bit hard to come by even though my life is 110% perfect. My host family is even trying hard to help me with *that*. My only wish is to be the best person I can for them, and I can't even give them the satisfaction of accomplishing that. I'm quite at lost but I am thinking about bettering myself, at least for them.

Oh wait. I did find a struggle. FOOD! I am a stereotypical North-American. Food  everything. I knew Europeans ate way less and much better than us, but never expected to feel so hungry so often. Germans do not eat much, compared to North-Americans. Two of their meals are what we'd consider a snack. Of course, culture. But when I'm hungry, I become really angry and I sound stupid. Actually I posted in /r/germany one day while hungry and I think I offended quite a few there, by saying I was starving and I miss North-American food standards. A family member from the US is actually sending me a care pack and guess what's in it. Snacks!  

Besides, I am not too close to my real family, so I don't miss them at all. I guess I cannot relate to the struggle of missing them and visiting them or whatnot. 

I just don't know what I'll be doing once the 15 months are over. I obviously want to stay here, but then I'd need a reason. I can't be an au-pair for a second year in Germany. I could go on a student visa, but what school would accept a kid who can barely order a pizza because of her limited knowledge of the language? Still, I do want to stay in Europe, and I secretly wish my host family wants me to stay. I think they do, or maybe they're being overly polite? But they have been actively trying to find ways for me to study here. Yeah. I want that. One thing that would help would be to practice speaking German. I really want to! At the same time, I am socially anxious as hell. There are no classes available for now, and I am scared to meet people to talk with them. So yeah I'm quite alone. I don't feel it (yet?) though. I am quite happy with how it is. I shouldn't. 
 




 I was watching the People's Court on YouTube and one video was edited terribly so I just copy/paste the date into the search engine to find a better quality video.  : )

'The Peoples Court May 07, 2015'

 




 Well, technically the Earth has short-term moons. There's always an object that gets caught by its gravitational pull. It just doesn't stay there long enough.  




 No problem! Glad to know you like Markiplier! : ) 




 Haha yeah! but the reason I found this so weird is because I am not an emotional person at all. I mean my own father lives overseas because of work, and I see him twice a year. Never cried about it, not even once. In order to come here, I had to leave my family behind and I have yet to cry about that also. But with people I've known for 100 days, I cried because they're leaving for four days.

Weird.  




 So you’re familiar with Hank Green! How about listening to other projects he’s behind? Like [vlogbrothers](https://www.youtube.com/user/vlogbrothers) with his brother John Green (the author), and also [CrashCourse](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX6b17PVsYBQ0ip5gyeme-Q), which has a variety of ‘crash courses’ on various topics, from history to chemistry to astronomy (guess who’s happy! hint: me) and they even have a [CrashCourse channel for children](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCONtPx56PSebXJOxbFv-2jQ)! And if you’re a young adult or a teen, here’s [a channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFqaprvZ2K5JOULCvr18NTQ) dedicated to this age bracket (or for adults who have yet to figure it out). 

**If you’re into science and learning:** [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA)
 , [AsapSCIENCE](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC552Sd-3nyi_tk2BudLUzA)
 , [minutephyics](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg)
 , [TED](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAuUUnT6oDeKwE6v1NGQxug)
 , [Vsauce](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA)
 , [SmarterEveryDay](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA), [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w)

**If you’re into family vlogs:** [The Nive Nulls](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDd0gHs1F9U1Suw6aHGFH5g)
 , [The Lavigne Life](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwl6HrxI1NvbfpbWPrzlFYg)
, [GabeBabeTV](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0VcpXqaW4m_JsHVGlOqb-w)

**If you’re into gaming:** [LetsPlay](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkxctb0jr8vwa4Do6c6su0Q), [Centerstrain01](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4ADOfWpEKskk04WKQ3Lmpg)
 , [Markiplier](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_YxT-KID8kRbqZo7MyscQ)

**If you’re into Minecraft and other ‘soft’ games (by soft, I mean they’d have parental approve):** [stampylonghead](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj5i58mCkAREDqFWlhaQbOw),
[CaptainSparklez](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCshoKvlZGZ20rVgazZp5vnQ)
, [DanAndPhilGAMES](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuhwvTYFvVZjyBVXc9T7CrA)
 they sometimes have more ‘crude’ games, but their channel is pretty mild. 

**If you’re into people talking (usually about relatable stuff, but they’re all entertaining, but usually teenage girls are more into that):** [danisnotonfire](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGjylN-4QCpn8XJ1uY-UOgA)
 , [AmazingPhil](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHUE4ypXKp7ZkmdWbGJNgJg)
, [sWooZie](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUKi4zY5ETSqrKAjTBgjM-g), [Tyler Oakley](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvVuqRzGVqRlmZYlTf99M_w), [communitychannel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKHi7M_11VJmLZSq4WNHSkg), [IISuperwomanII](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfm4y4rHF5HGrSr-qbvOwOg)

**If you’re into YouTube entertainment:** [TheFineBros](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0v-tlzsn0QZwJnkiaUSJVQ)
 , [REACT](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHEf6T_gVq4tlW5i91ESiWg) (same people as FineBros)
, [VICE](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn8zNIfYAQNdrFRrr8oibKw)
 , [Rhett   Link](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbochVIwBCzJb9I2lLGXGjQ), [Good Mythical Morning](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4PooiX37Pld1T8J5SYT-SQ) same people as Rhett and Link (their names), but this channel is a daily internet show covering various topics and experiments, always silly. [Epic Rap Battle](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMu5gPmKp5av0QCAajKTMhw)

Enjoy!  




 I don't know how interesting it may be, but my emotions have been weiiiiird today. Ok. Maybe just weird with one 'i'.

I live with this host family in Germany (it's been about 100 days). Today they left to visit family in another region, and they won't be back before Monday (it is now Thursday). As stood by the window as I usually do, saw them drive off and I started crying. 

What's funny is that before that, I was like "Haha, imagine if I started crying haha." Couple of minutes later, my vision was blurry from tears. But I think what triggered it is how nice they were. They acted like they were leaving forever and that they'd miss me. They hugged me! That's like. Whoa. I matter to them, somehow.  




 I know everyone likes to joke about Jaden Smith being weird and all, and yeah some of the thins he says make no sense at all, but his sister and him are the amongst the two most beautiful souls I've ever seen. They're really free-spirited. If everyone were like them, the world would be a much better place. An open-minded, forgiving, intelligent, altruistic, and happy place.  




 No offense taken! Funny, this is exactly me, about 93% of the time. Except today, I'm thinking about a juicy Hamburger hahaha 




 Haha it's crazy how different the food culture is. Especially when Germany has France, Spain and Italy near it haha. I totally understand when you say you need more. That's exactly how I feel about most meals.

Oh well. Let's hope we get used to our new eating habits! 




 Nah I didn't. I'm pretty sure my iron level is low though. Before leaving home, I had it checked and it was at a "critical" level. Yeah it's terrible but I don't take care of it as much as I should. : / 




 Thank you! And back home (I emigrated 3 months ago), a doctor gave me four possible reasons: 

1) Anemia, which I do have and my iron level is always very low  

2) Stress, I do have an anxiety problem 

3) Depression, which I do have 

4) Lack of sleep  

I think it's a wonderful mix of both, but I am so thankful today's doctor did not ask many questions. I had a hard time getting anything back home. I just wanted relief! And I finally have it!!  




 For the past 3 weeks or so, I've been having daily headaches. It's not a new thing because I did have them every single day from 2011 to 2014. 

I went to see the doctor today and he prescribed me something for muscle pain, and I'm feeling so much better! I do feel a bit of pain in my head, still, but it's nothing compared to the hell I've been through.

Sorry this is random! Hope everyone is feeling as good as I am feeling right now!  




 The word exists, but isn't used as a qualitative to describes humans. In the western world, in my experience, this word is used as a qualitative word to describe humans that are pleasing to the eyes, or sexually attractive. Meaning, it has a connotation many people would consider negative, since many people do not want their race/age/ethnic/whatever group to be seen, as a whole, as "good for sex" or "good to look at".  




 Doesn't happen where I am haha : ) We have someone who is always willing to take that last piece, and since I "look" like the kind of person who would take it, I usually give it away haha  




 I think your eating habits are better! I know it's no excuse but I was just really hungry, and I've been hungry for the past 3 months or so haha. Yeah. I'm going through "food withdrawal" if we can say that haha. Thanks a lot! : ) 




 Never said it was a problem, which is why I used quotation marks (lack of a more descriptive term). Also I didn't say it was my surroundings. Said it was different for an American who is used to overeating.

The real "problem" is that I'm broke and hungry.

How about practicing what you teach? I could say the same. This European approach (thinking "Ugh, Americans") is not very apprecisted outside of Europe. Because that makes y'all sound pretentious as hell. 




 Yu don't fully understand my argument. 




 Definitely agree! I was actually looking forward to eating better here. I think I was just upset earlier because I feel hungry so often. It's the worst feeling. I'd rather eat too much junk than feel hungry all the time. My hungry-self is unbearable. I kind of regret posting this. I feel like I've offended many people or rubbed them the wrong way.  




 But nothing is objectively polite/impolite, good/bad, correct/incorrect. It all comes down to what society, and most importantly what the people involved think is right or not.  




 I don't know unlucky I've been, but German food has not come in big 'fat' portions. Trust me. I'm a fat North American.  




 I think differently. I think it's people who just don't want to be your fetish. Obviously that's never gonna happen (a world without fetishizing people), but at least respect the fact that some people feel uncomfortable, and don't so openly talk about how a certain type of people is a fetish because obviously not everyone would be okay with that. 

I was using a general 'you', by the way. 

Kind of like if a red-haired person feels uncomfortable because you call them a 'ginger', well, don't use the word in front of them. Just out of respect. Being nice, you know.  




 They aren't wrong if it's subjective. If you disagree, that's you. But if people don't like the way you see them and talk about them, at least respect that and keep those comments to yourself.  




 Sounds absolutely delicious!  




 Objectively, no. Subjectively, many people find that fantasying about them is objectifying them. And I think we should at least acknowledge that fact. I think this entire discussion started because I said the word exotic was objectifying? Forget the word exotic, say someone says they fantasy about having sex with Thai women. If you were a Thai woman, chances are you'd feel a bit creeped out because this person is seeing you as a thing to have sex with. However, if that person only said "I'm attracted to Thai women.", you wouldn't feel the same. You would feel like part of a group that person considers attractive, rather than a "thing".  




 I totally understand! Would not be offended if someone hated Americans/Canadians eating habits (by the way, it's quite the same). I can also see how, objectively, it can be annoying/problematic to a foreigner. We eat a lot! Too much! And too much sugar and/or too much fat. I understand. But once you're used to it, whoa. Hard to let go.  




 Attraction is: Hmm, I like you/that thing.  
Fantasy is: Oh the things I'd do with you/that thing. 




 You find portions too big in Germany? Oh my, where have you been?

And maybe you mean like quantity, as in eating four pieces of bread. I think that's too much, too, but that's too much bread. Or having like an entire package of cheese. Yeah, that's too much cheese. But as a meal, is it enough? Nah. You need more elements to feel full. 

Sorry I explain so poorly what I mean. 

And yes, I definitely eat too much to European standard. 'Merica. ~~and Canada.~~ 




 I don't mean portions, I just mean sustainability. I don't have great eating habits at all, so I am used to those type of food you eat three bites of and you're like "I'm gonna regret this." I meant hearty, "heavy" meals. I'm unfortunately used to two or three a day.  




 True, but spread some Frischkäse on that thing and it tastes awesome!  




 Yes but you used the word fantasy. That's not the same.

And being attracted to someone doesn't always mean you know the person. I mean you can be physically attracted to a stranger. You can feel emotionally attracted to someone after hearing them speak once sentence. Of course, these are not deep attractions but it still is attraction. 




 Ah I see.

I'm just not used to that. Quantity or variety isn't what differentiate a meal to a snack. My brain is stil seeing bread and cheese as accompaniments only, so eating just that (with something a bit more sustainable, yes, but not on its own) is just foreign.

I hope I get used to it. I wrote this thing while feeling really hungry, so sorry if it sounds like I'm hating on German habits (I am not!!). It's just that when I'm hungry, I just. Want. Food. A big plate full of stuff that will make me cry myself to sleep because I feel fat type of thing.  




 Ah alright. Thanks for letting me know! I don't want them to feel offended or anything. I don't mean that. I am just hungry and I don't play when it comes to food haha  




 Thanks for the tip! 

And man do Koreans eat a lot. I don't mean this as a critic though, I actually like this! I went to Korea for a week and I've never been so well fed in my entire life. It was always plentiful and filling. Only problem was that we were many "hungry foreigners" so in the end, the food did run out haha  




 Yeah my main argument was that there is a difference between attraction to a person and attraction to a thing, which is objectifying. A fetish doesn't always involve sex. I can touch myself thinking about a fetish, it'd still be a fetish. But I used sex in my examples because I thought it would be a clear example.  Guess not.  




 No! Difference is you're thinking about the person or you're thinking about a thing they have only.  




 What do you mean? "Your motivation for attraction is irrelevant". 

You can have sex with someone you're emotionally connected to. You can have sex with someone with whom you're only physically/sexually attracted to. You can also have sex with someone because you want sex and masturbation wasn't gonna do it. 

I'm not splitting here. If you think sex is just sex and has no dimension, then damn. You're missing out.  




 Why are you getting so angry though? That's what I don't get.

Look. If you want to have sex with a person because you want sex with them, you're just being a normal human being. We're animals. Humans, like most other animals, have sex with people they find sexually attractive. Again, my examples about lionesses choosing the lion with the biggest mane. She's sexually attracted to said lion.

Now say lions could have fetishes, and one lioness was like "No but them bald lions though ... So sexy!" That's a preference in her sexual attraction to lions. If she were to say "Baldness turns me on!!!", that's a fetish. 

If you're talking about people who just sleep with others for the sex, that's a whole other topic man. I'm talking attraction here. Not just wanting to get laid.  




 No, you don't get it.

Rubbing genitals because you want to rub genitals with that person is one thing. Rubbing genitals because all you care about is the genitals is something else. Rubbing genitals and rubbing something else because you like that something else is another thing. 

Are you asexual?  




 One is having sex with a person that has features you find attractive, the other is pleasuring yourself while enjoying the presence of tallness, black skin, brown eyes, jokes, and a PhD in physics.  




 That's what sexual attraction is. And literally everyone (but asexuals) feel sexual attraction. "I want to have sex with you". "I see you and I imagine us having sex". That's normal. Happens all the time.

A fetish is "I'm gonna get so much pleasure from rubbing them feet against my scrotum!!" type of thought. It's not the person that matters, it's the thing they have.  




 Then the guy has nothing to do with your initial thought of sex. There is a difference between thinking of sex, thinking about having sex with a specific person, and thinking about sex and how someone's feature (a fetish) is really all you care about since it'll bring you more pleasure.  




 But we're not even talking about the same thing. I'm talking about objectifying bisexuality. Like a man automatically wanting to sleep with you because to him, it means "two hot chicks!!!!" You've become a thing from which he can get pleasure from. And not a person.  




 I don't eat sweets that much, to be honest. Not really a big fan. I like Haribo though. The gummy bears I mean. I see myself eating that from time to time : )

I'll go to EDEKA asap! I didn't know about it, but I did see the brand name written on some products the host family has bought. I thought it was just a brand and not an actual store. Thanks!  




 So far, I only like one brand of chips, and that is Tostitos. I can go through a family pack bag in a day. My personal weakness. The 'nacho' type chips are slightly different. I am not a fan of the taste. 

I like plain Pringles sometimes though. And I've found those! : ) 




 What? No! I'm literally trying to get into your men only island right now. If that wasn't obvious enough.  




 I don't know. Some guy called /u/askronat.

Hey man, looks like we're bonding quite a long. Wanna exchange numbers and dick pics maybe? And talk about how we both hate women and shit? Seems like a nice first date.  




 They're not conservative to me. I think they're just "common" Germans. Of course there are many exceptions in Germany, but whenever I'd google german life habits, under the eating section, bread/cheese/ham for breakfast and dinner was the only thing they'd talk about. 

I do not make that much money, no. I do sometimes go to a Döner and just lose my mind over the deliciousness, sometimes I buy myself a frozen pizza, but this month, I want to save up a bit. I also have a Lidl seconds away from me. I don't find anything that would be considered "junk food" besides sweets, and I don't really like sweets. Or chips, but I'm picky. Yeah. I think the problem is I am very picky with snacks (the only chips I can see myself eating forever doesn't seem to be sold in Germany). And like I said previously, I'd feel bad taking too much space in their kitchen (with piles of food I bought). 

I was hungry when I wrote this thread haha. I understand it's 100% my fault, and part of being in a foreign country is to get used to their life habits. But I have such a deep love story with food, I don't see myself giving up on that one just yet ... 




 Oh no! Again right in the feels. Mate, how you do this? Who trained you to be such a fearless aggressive boy?  




 I feel the exact same way, and I have social anxiety as well. 

In my first year in college, I decided to tell my anxiety to "fuck off", and I forced myself to be sociable. It was hard at first, but I eventually did it. I talked to the people in my program (we had a lounge exclusively for us), made friends with kids older than me, talked, shared laughs, the whole deal. Then, some time in October, I crashed and fell. I failed completely. I walked into the lounge, sat down, and started crying. Couple of days later, I never stepped foot in that lounge. I regretted even trying to be sociable and talking to these people. What happened? Nothing. I just felt regret. Like I was annoying, I was loud, I was uninteresting. Exactly like you.

Sorry I felt like sharing this since your story is so similar to mine. Part of me is happy when I find someone who has gone through the same. It's a hard thing to live through, and it's even harder to explain it to people who don't go through it.

I understand you completely, but we can do it! : ) 




 That's literally what I have been saying though! Bro since comment #1 I've been telling you to go with the men. Glad we're on the same page, finally!  




 Whoa! So much wisdom from this boy! Don't waste it with women! Come on and have fun with the men instead!  




 Honestly, I have zero friends and I get no reminders about what the people I'm friend with on Facebook are doing, simply because I give it zero attention. Facebook nows filters out anything they think you don't care about. So if you don't comment or like something from the same people for a while, you see them less often on your News Feed, until one day you don't seem them at all.

All I see now are things from pages I liked.  




 Seems like being childfree is becoming a trend. 

I'm not following that one.  




 Oh no! How did you figure this out! My deepest secrets now out in the open! What am I going to do with this tragedy!! 




 I'm not mad, I'm trying to offer my most sincere help if women seem so troublesome to you. Become gay! Build an island with only gay men! No women! Woohoo!  




 Of course. 




 Awn little buddy don't be so salty. You can always turn to guys if girls are giving you such a hard time.  




 Awn little buddy who rejected your advances this time?  




 Keyword here: Just. If I have a fat fetish, I'm sleeping with you because you are fat. I don't care about you as the person. You are a thing that is fat. That's a fetish.  




 Hopefully : ) 




 Tostitos and something called [Bear Paws](http://www.peanutfreeplanet.com//v/vspfiles/photos/DAREBEARPAWCHOCOLATECHIP300G-2T.jpg) are favorites. Oh, and fruits. But that comes in waves.

I hate it but I'm somehow of a picky eater. Today I'll love something and eat it until there's no more, tomorrow I'll hate it and actually feel nauseous around it.  




 I don't remember once saying that being a stay-at-home person is a job, since it isn't. Of course you are unemployed, but it's your full-time occupation. You could argue that people who are trained at their job (like master/apprentice type of situation) are unemployed as well. Or doctors still in Residency are as well. But they still have a day-to-day demanding occupation that they choose to be in. If I choose to stay at home and take care of my children/house, it's a choice. Saying I'm unemployed, people will think "Awn poor thing, looking for a job." Saying I'm staying-at-home is more straightforward.  




 You're the only hostile one in this entire thread ...  




 WOW. Sorry about that. Wrong person. I thought you were the same person who said
 Raping children is a crime.
Pedophiles rape children.
Therefore they are criminals.
They are fully aware that it is wrong, but they do it anyway. 




 Sorry must have thought you were someone else when I replied. 

Well again, it all comes down to this idea that exotic = good for sex or food the eyes (that was my main opinion in this thread). As a person with much more to offer, to be seen as just good for sex or to look at is objectifying me. Kind of like, say you had natural red hair, and all the attention you get is from people who fetishizes red-haired women. Would you like that? To be primarily seen as "that thing people dig sexually"? 

Now if some people enjoy this type of attention, cool. Whatever. But many others do not for the same reason (objectification).  




 I see it more this way. "Wow, that person is this. That makes them so attractive". Like if I'm attracted to, I don't know, scientists, I think the fact they're scientists make them attractive. Now if I have a fat person fetish, I just want the fat. Who cares who/what/how the person is. 

That's how I see it.  




 Or maybe help them? Damn I don't know. Put all criminals out of their misery then.  




 But did you read what you wrote as a reply though?  




 Man if you think insulting is the way to go when engaging in a discussion, guess who's the stupid one. 

Not my fault if you don't even want to fucking acknowledge the definition of pedophilia.  




 HA. HA.  




 I don't know who you chill out with, but a friend of mine's dream job is to be a vet. You know how much vets get? It's a shitty job. So is teaching in North America. Shitty ass job. Tons of stress, little money. Yet some people want to do that.

I want to be a stay-at-home person or a housewife because I want to take care of my children full-time. Am I Satan for wanting that?

I'm sorry your stay-at-home mom was shit to you, but stop with this ridiculous whining.  




 Raping women is a crime. 

Straight people rape women. 

Therefore they are criminals.  

They are fully aware that is it wrong, but they do it anyway.  




 Sure! Didn't want to argue. Sorry if it looked like I did.  




 I'm not hiding or anything, I just think that eating too much of one thing doesn't make it a meal. Like eating a bowl of fruit to me is not a meal. 

Obviously it's a subjective opinion.  




 But are you reading my comments though?  If you go to an ISIS comity or whatever and you said ISIS is amazing, everyone would look at you and say "Ok but that's the most popular opinion here right now." If said comity took place in the US, maybe in the US it's unpopular, but still in that comity, the place you stated said opinion, it was a popular one. 

You're on the Western side of the internet. Anti-religion is popular on the Western side of the internet.  




 I like to blame my personality disorder, but honestly I have zero social skills, I am not interesting, and I am terrified of people.  




 Gee. I said you are on the INTERNET from a Western country.  




 But won't that be a problem when it comes to people who will be retiring in the next few years? No money to take care of all of them.  




 Did you read my comment? Pedophiles are people who are sexually attracted to children. Something they cannot help. Those who act upon this attraction are criminals, because sleeping with children is a crime.

Please read before replying.  




 I know, but you avoided my comment completely. I said you are on the internet and in a Western country, and everyone and their mama are anti-religion. 




 Exactly. The subject was pedophiles, who are not criminals. 

I am very chill, actually.  




 You're acting like unemployed people are second class scums. Gee. I'm sorry you are forced to work until you're 65.  
























 Haha man I would totally ask someone to do it for me. I need to work on being upfront though, instead of letting people rule me. I mean she doesn't even sound like she wants to see me or the city, so whatever. I'll think about how to say it and not sound rude though ^^ 




 You're right. And anyway, sounds like she doesn't even want to come so win-win for the both of us. 




 Exactly. I can't believe she can't even discern those people's hospitality. You're a stranger, and they're cool with you coming over. That should be enough to be extra thankful for.  




 (Hopefully the person in question doesn't know Reddit)

(edit) Crap I got the title wrong. I mean, the expression wrong. Spot the non-English speaker! 

So I was trying to be nice to this "friend" from college. She's visiting the country, visiting as many cities as possible, and I was like "Hey! Come and stay at my place for a few days!" and she was all "Yes! Of course!"

To put everything into context: I live with a host family, who from the very beginning told me it would be okay to invite people to sleep at their place (I don't know why this topic came up, I never asked them because I never planned on inviting people). Fastforwards few months later, that friend tells me about her plans. 

Fastforward to the past couple of days. One, she doesn't want to spend as much days as she originally planned. Ok cool. Whatever. Thought we were friends but whatever. Second, she's just told me that she may come at a later date to visit another city before. Um. No? I have told the host family I'm with that you were coming on a set date. Don't be changing it all the time. They are putting aside some of the things they have planned to welcome you, too. And then she asked me, and I fucking swear: What does they have to do with me?

WHAT? WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU'RE SLEEPING? This is not a fucking hotel! 

I'm cool. I just need enough courage to tell the girl not to come. I don't deal with princesses. 

Anyway. How was your day? I hope better than mine! :D  




 Lucky you! I can only imagine the view!  




 It does sound pretty great.  




 * yet! We never know ; )
(I mean it's not like you must found a place like that)  




 Yeah I guess not.  




 Oh wow. I can understand why this place is special to you. 




 Cool! Where is that?  




 Looks peaceful! I would love to see that during the fall!  




 Nice to know! Is there any way for you to go back there?  




 Some positive nostalgia haha. I hope you get to visit that place soon!  




 That looks great! Where is it?  




 Ah cool! What's so special about it?  




 Yes! [Dominoes but with three sides](http://jungmami.bplaced.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/07092012651.jpg). It's really fun, and a little bit more challenging since you can count points, and there are "special moves" (like three or four?).  




 True! Been here for only a year! : ) 




 Man did not know Canada was that different. I mean, I can expect the territories to be different, but Calgary? Nice to know. 




 True. I was shocked to see that vegetables and fruits are free in some markets. I bought tostitos salsa, and it was considered a vegetable ... got it for free!  




 What? Where in Canada are you from? It's literally the same. 




 **If you don't have pictures to share, it's okay too!!**

I mean, like a secret not-so-secret place you love so much, you'd only allow the people you love or care about the most to know about it. 

In Montreal, it used to be [this café](http://a141.idata.over-blog.com/4/38/24/30/cafe-neve-devanture.jpg) (here's an [inside look](http://www.ellequebec.com/img/photos/biz/ELLEQuebec/culture/Vie%20Culturelle/VC-CafeNeve-intro1.jpg), with the owner on the far right. i used to have the biggest crush on this guy), now I'm in Germany, and it's [this place](http://41.media.tumblr.com/100e2bd0c3cb3a85885e92bea1f9e349/tumblr_nox44hkLMD1r7qdrvo1_1280.jpg) (my picture, so yeah it doesn't really do it justice). Nothing special, but damn. I'm in love. 

How about you? Show me those special locations!  




 Real talk, flour. Raw flour. If I control myself, I can eat one pound in four days. If I go batshit crazy, probably one pound in one day. 

Other than that, I think tostitos come to a close second, though the saltiness would hurt the corner of my lips, so I'd stop before that I guess.  




 I connect with no one at all, so there's that. I don't see myself ever connecting with someone on Reddit. I don't feel like I really belong. On other websites, it has happened maybe ... twice. Which is good enough for me (but I've lost contact with those people). 

I'm too strange. But oh well.  




 If I find someone to play with, absolutely. Though the last time I had the chance to play it, it was actually triomino. 




 loh-l. My first language is French so there's that.  




 Same here. I don't find motivation in anything, and I don't feel jealousy eh ... 60% of the time. I'm always super happy when someone finds genuine happiness. Like "Wow, you made it! Continue on! I'm proud of you! :')" type of happiness.  




 Definitely happens on Tumblr as well, but on a smaller scale. It's just easy to filter the bad things out, I think.  




 And you know what, I totally understand what you mean by not wanting to get help for it. But I do wish you don't sit through depression or anything else that may be harmful because it sucks! I hope one day it just gets better. Or maybe you get used to it so it stops bothering you? I don't know. Just hope you don't feel miserable. 

And sure, we can talk if you wish! : ) 




 I guess the fact that many people have different experiences proves that all websites are the same : ) Some people find legit comfort in Instagram or Twitter, and I have to figure out why. To me, those two apps/websites are cold. How do you bond with people? But to some, it's heaven on Earth. To me, my heaven on Earth is Tumblr. And honestly, I think it's easier to select who you want to deal with because you pick and choose who you get to see on your dashboard. For you, I guess it's Reddit.

But yeah. What bothers me with Reddit is that it seems to be the only website out of the few I named that really believes it's the best out there, by shitting on other websites. And sorry I didn't know most of reddit were young. I guess I spent too much time on subreddits where most people are (unless they're lying) like 25+ men.  




 I used to have a therapist actually. In college. It helped to have someone to talk with. That's all.

I took a gap year to do the thing I am doing now, which is childcare in exchange of free boarding in a foreign country (I chose Germany). Actually where I used to live, college is a thing you go to before university. I would have graduated this month. No regrets though. I am thinking of studying elsewhere since I would need to finish college if I were to go back to my province, and I feel like I've wasted enough time. I can go to uni (almost) anywhere else. I really don't want to study what I want, because like I said, I don't want to start hating it, and two, working with children doesn't mean working only with children. You're working with an entire system. I will never be alone doing my job, and I don't want to feel stressed out and not do anything.

And for games, I only play single-player games. Multi-player games is just. Stressful. 

It's ridiculous. I wish I could be someone else and just start over with a new brain or something. Or have someone hit my head really hard, in hopes that not only do I get severe amnesia, but I also change personality, have no issues at all, etc. It's hard to explain to most people. They think you can just snap out of it. But you can't! It's like your brain has its own mind, and you can only go through whatever it puts you through. Like when I get attention, my brain just goes "this is stressful this is stressful they're looking at you you suck you're failing stop existing." or anything similar, literally non-stop, and I can't just shake it off because that's literally my brain telling me this. The thing that controls me from A to Z. I cannot go against it unless I kill myself. Or sleep I guess. 

Anyway. Again, thank you. Sorry for making you go through these lengthy uninteresting paragraphs though.  




 Do you have a school counsellor? Though I personally think college counsellors are better, because they treat you more naturally. Where do you live? Maybe you can find help for free?  




 Yes. Anything where I have to "perform", I try to avoid. For instance, I want to learn the piano. The father I'm working for said he would teach me. Three weeks in, I gave up. I shake whenever I approach the piano now, because I feel like if I don't do good, I'm a huge failure and he'll be disappointed, etc.. Also, lately I bought a bike for fun (after years of not riding one), and on my first day with the bike, the family said they'd go on a bike tour with me. The entire time, the father was like "Go faster! Let's race! Catch up!" Now guess who hates to ride a bike now and who feels extremely nervous just knowing it's there. But sometimes, acknowledging my presence is enough to make me freak out. If a group and I were to go out for instance, I rather walk behind them because knowing that they're constantly acknowledging my presence by me being next to/in front of them stresses me out. I very rarely am with just one person for that reason. I can't handle someone's undivided attention. 

And I would love to be a teacher to any children, any type of school, any topic. But for some reason, I am really interested in schools dedicated for children with problems, from attachment issues to Down Syndrome. I watched a documentary on a deaf-blind 'institute' in Germany, and wow. I would do that for free if I could. I even started learning ASL in hopes of working in such a place. But again, besides children (under the age of 10, I'd say) and animals, I cannot handle people's attention. If you look at me, I will automatically stop whatever I'm doing and just look boring so you can look away. I automatically do this and it drives me nuts! Sometimes, I could be talking to the child I am taking care of and then as soon as I hear the door open because a parent is back, I start whispering, then it slowly fades into silence. 

And as for games, I like playing one game. I used to be so into it, I would spend 12+ hours a day on it (the other 12 hours I'd sleep, eat, take care of my hygiene and give my computer a short break because, you know. Overheating). Now I don't play because I rather play on a PC, but I have a Macbook. I lost interest in most other games. I used to be an avid nintendo DS player when the 'DS Lite' came out, then a couple of months ago I got another one because I thought I missed it. Turns out I don't, unfortunately. I can't find the fun anymore. I feel like I just tossed money out the window. Good thing I never bought myself something like an Xbox. 

Hey, by the way, thanks for trying to help. I really appreciate it.  




 I guess the first one is the lie?  




 Maybe you should try seeing someone? I mean, if you want. But sometimes it can be really helpful to see a therapist. I know it's not the easiest thing to do.

Are you in college?  




 The thing I have legit interest in, I would hate to work into that. I hate doing things I like when there is stress or when it involves other people. Right now, I am taking care of a child (I love it), and when the parents are around, I literally just sit and watch the kid. As soon as they're gone, I turn into the cool friend/entertainer/teacher he might like. All this because I feel super anxious around people, but if I'm alone with children or animals, I'm totally okay. I could teach young children, but I obviously won't be alone with those kids. Funny thing is that I wouldn't mind being filmed at all. I almost hope the family I am working with has a nanny cam or mics somewhere, so they know I don't neglect their child. 

I also like astronomy, but I suck in maths, never had proper science courses either. I would, again, hate to study it because yeah. I don't want to study it. I just want to lose my shit over the fact that we have a robot heading towards Pluto right now, or that we will eventually send another one on Venus, or we have a couple on Mars ... etc. I once took a geography course because I am into it, but after that course, despite doing really well (so to avoid the argument "maybe you hate it because you failed"), I hated geography for a while. 

Hmmm what else. I like ... games? I actually like playing one game, but it's been a while since I last played it. I wish to start again, but I'm scared to lose interest.

That's about it. Other than that, I just waste time. All day long. 




 I meant more like, wanting to be muscular then succeeding, then looking in the mirror and being like "ugh. ew no."  




 That sounds cool! How did you figure out it was what you wanted to do?  




 No, I don't really have any hobbies. :/ 




 Thank you! : ) 




 I admire your positivity, but that last sentence, I don't think so. I don't see how I'll have friends and find someone if I literally never go out or talk to people and have no real social skills.  




 Oh my, I can totally relate! But have you seen someone for that depression?  




 I thought it would be like that for me too, and actually when I started college, I forced myself to be sociable. But after two months of ease and what I thought was happiness, I panicked. I hated it, in fact. And during that time, I would spend more and more time isolated, and it felt so good. But part of me keeps saying "Wtf is wrong with you?! Go out and do things!" But I hate doing things ... I don't know, sometimes I just feel like I've failed as a human being. The few things I like are seen as lazy, antisocial, blablabla.  




 Thank you so much! : ) 




 I don't know. I just want to do things that seem to bring joy to people, even though 99% of said things, I find either stupid, useless, a waste of time ... 

I have yet to find happiness in being, you know. What society would call a party pooper, dark cloud, antisocial, weird ... and whatever negative terms there is in contrast to people my age.  




 I'm sorry this makes no sense, but anyone else wants to be or have something they can't seem to actually enjoy? For instance, I really want to be the stereotypical young adult, but in reality, I hate going out, hate being sociable, hate drinking, hate the idea of hooking up, don't see myself in a relationship, etc.. And I hate hating it.

Anyone else? 

 




 Currently living in Germany, but am an American who has resided in Montreal from 2004 to 2015. Honestly, I feel really stuck. I wish I could just fastfoward to seven years from now, be done with school and have a job. Part of me wants to go to school so I can get a good paying job, but then I know I am not patient enough. I've been in school for 17 years! (if you don't include this gap year I took). I really want to advance with my life and be done with 'Chapter 1'. I want to have a paycheck, pay for things, do my taxes ... the whole deal. But I don't even know what job I would like to have. I have no passion at all. 

As for the location, I'm just glad I had the chance of living in countries with pretty good social systems. My first years of life were lived in a really terrible country, though my family was well-off but you know. I had eyes and I could see that not everyone was as lucky as I was. I am not saying misery doesn't exist in Canada and Germany, but it's definitely more bearable and fixable compared to my country of origin, and the majority of countries in the world.  




 Nope, not yet. Conchita just stopped singing though. I guess it's next.  




 Yeah good thing you missed it. It was crap. Well, it was "good", which is bad. It was so formal, everyone or almost sang ballads. It was boring as hell. I'm a little bummed because it's my first time watching it live from Europe, and all the clips I'd see online were of silly people doing unholy or just batshit crazy things. Yeah. None of that this year. 

The most exciting moment so far is Conchita Wurst's short wig. And she just appeared with it, and voting is already closed.  




 Same. And the omnipresence of pro-LGBT in the Eurovision. LGBT flags everywhere, same-sex people kissing live on stage, Conchita Wurst ... Today's a good day.  




 I am not disagreeing! I am just saying that I'm pretty sure everyone's opinion is biased because he is a guy. And I was talking about that. Didn't go into the whole creepy stuff because shit accusing someone of being creepy when you don't know anything is damaging. Also, English was obviously not his first language and maybe the way he writes came off as odd as well. Like damn. That's all I was saying.  




 Of course no one would be like "Yeah cuz you're a man, I think it's creepy." but if you read through the discussions happening, you'll see this point being brought up. And I commented on one of this discussions, saying that the majority of people and society think it's creepy because he's a man. That is literally what my comment was saying. That if he was not a man, I would not feel uncomfortable, like most people have admitted in this thread.  




 It's pretty boring right now. It's my first time actually watching the entire show (I usually watch bits from YouTube), and I've cheered more for Conchita than any other contestants. Oh except Serbia. Loved her. 

But yeah, people are so serious this year. Some girl on social media say "Well, we have guests this year so we gotta behave" and honestly, I think it's that haha. I am not even European, but right now I am residing in Germany.  




 Because the entire thread is a gender situation, and my comment was about a gender situation. I don't know why then you would engage in a conversation with me if you're going to be talking about another topic.  




 I understand your point, but you also have to understand the hypocrisy of this. If it were a woman, we would be saying nothing at all. We would be applauding her, calling her generous, brave, etc. Actually that happens quite a lot. Think of teachers who grow fund of a student who happen to have a shitty life at home, etc. Yeah. We wouldn't be saying anything. But we're conditioned to be more aware of red flags when it's a man.

Not saying he *can't* be doing anything wrong, but from the little we know, I don't think it's wise to go directly to that conclusion.  




 Totally agree with you. The worst is that I felt uncomfortable too. I feel so hypocritical!

Anyway society has done a good job brainwashing. Funny thing is that if he legally adopted her, I wouldn't have thought about it too much. But the whole "from a stranger off the street" thing gets me. 




 Reminds of this kid in college who would take out his guitar and play before class. I was in a small program, meaning we shared many classes together. The kid was not even taking any music classes. He just liked to sing and play the guitar, which is cool, but not in a classroom when no one asked you to take care of the background music.  




 Oh I see. Sorry I misunderstood. But yeah it depends on the program. The things I would like to study would require me to speak the language. So I would need to be at a university level of German.  




 Thank you for your input! : ) 




 I don't agree. Why live in a country if you don't try to speak the language? I am perfectly capable of doing it, so why not do it? My problem is if I want to stay here and lose two years of college, or not live here and go to school right away. 

Also, there aren't that many courses taught in English. It depends on the program. Germany is not like Sweden.  




 Hey, did you know that New Horizons is weeks away from passing by Pluto (10 000 km away from it)! To put that a bit more into perspective, remember that the moon is 384 400 km away! However, we won't get good pictures before a while! First off, Pluto is far okay. Second, sending large images would take time. Third, sending thousands of images will take time. If I recall correctly, we will get all the informations ever taken by New Horizons some time in late 2016. However we will have plenty to be excited about by autumn/winter 2015.

What will be stressful will be the hiatus moment New Horizons will take before the flyby to take pictures. When it sends images to Earth, it cannot take pictures. When it is taking pictures, it cannot send them. Well, at some point it will be able to take a picture that will be sent almost instantaneously to Earth, but not in the very beginning. 

The first of the last files it'll be sending before the flyby is sent in case New Horizons fails right before said flyby. The pictures won't be good, they'll be small, not very attractive (but still pretty cool!) It's called E Health. Then, for like an entire day or something, there won't be any news from New Horizons. It's busy taking as much infos and pictures as possible. Then, after a long work day (haha), the night of the flyby, New Horizons will send a file named Phone Home, just to tell scientists it did it. The next day, it'll send a file named First Look. It will have some important science data. Late July will be the beginning of an eight week long data sharing period. September, it will send all the images it ever took, which could take about 10 weeks. After that, it will send all science data it ever took, which is what will take a good year. 

I'm super excited. Especially for the "Phone Home" call. It's like sending your child to college in another country 24 hours away by plane, and then finally getting an "I made it" text. 

Are you into astronomy?  




 Hey! my day has not really started yet, but I've planned something. I am doing my laundry now, will put it in the dryer as soon as it's done, then I'll head out for a little stroll. I was thinking maybe eating out, then take the train for an hour (and just chill there, without any real destination) then I would buy a snack and get ready for the Eurovision too! : ) 




 Ha, I am a bit biased too. I love the US, even though I never really lived there. I was born in Brooklyn, literally in the middle of the ghetto, and my family and I would visit 2-3 times a year for ten years, and oh my. I love this place with all my heart. However, reality hit. NYC is expensive as hell! Even Brooklyn, the freaking ghetto, is expensive! How am I going to survive? 

And honestly, I don't have a hard time with Germany when it comes to the language. Probably because I am an hermit, and I stay home 99% of the time. The only people I have talked with are cashiers (besides the host family I live with). I speak it a little bit, but not at a university level. Germans (like most people) are not patient with people who don't speak their language anyway. Learning it is no big deal, but I don't know for how long I am willing to stay out of school. 

As for my family, it's complicated. I can't just expect to have a peaceful life because I chose to. My culture is crazy. Parents don't have to respect their kids at all. They do whatever they want to you because you're the kid (even if you're like 50+), and they're grown. And I am not one who thinks that "Blood  Everything". So yeah. No thank you. No family for me. I mean, if we keep a distance, fine. But I feel like I can only control how much they can say or do to me only if I keep a distance. Like I wouldn't want them to spontaneously show up at my door one day. I know they won't do that if I live across the ocean. 

Thanks for your input though : ) 




 Yes we looked into that, and for some reason, we have not found a class yet. There is another school dedicated to learning German, and they suck! I mean, first of all, they are rude as hell. I had to leave once because the level of rudeness was out of control. Second time I came to take a placement test, they didn't give me a proper test, just talked for a few seconds, asked me how many classes I've had before, and that's it. There was only one class available for my level, and literally the day it was supposed to start, they cancelled it. 

The other reliable language school won't have classes before August. 

I guess I landed in the wrong city, at the wrong time.  




 Yeah I know, but I meant if I were to get into financial trouble, it would be nearly impossible to bounce back (as a kid in college). I don't know if it's that serious of a problem, since yes, people find it problematic but it doesn't seem to be something everyone is eager to change for some reason. I don't know. the US is messed up, but being a citizen and all, it would be so easy to just. Move there. (plus I guess nostalgia is making me miss America a little too much, and I kinda want to live there).  




 I understand. And yes, I have taken German classes for about a year and a half in college (Canada), and this summer I will be taking another class. It's surprisingly hard to find a German class that isn't too expensive here. 

Thank you for your input! : ) 









 I used to. I got into it way after it changed its shows into reality stuff. I stopped simply because I generally stopped watching television.

I don't understand why people hate reality TV so much. If it's not your cup of tea, cool. Of course it's not 100% reality, because not everyone has that exciting of a life, so those reality TV shows must show you things in a way or at a frequency that makes you believe "wow, cool".

I loved TLC because watching those shows about certain people was like checking on people you've gotten used to. Like ~~Jon and~~ Kate plus 8. "That lady who had six babies in one day, how is she doing?" Or "This couple suffering from dwarfism, have they had their child?" etc. I personally never liked the Duggars because one minute of this show and it was obvious what was going on. Those kids were brainwashed as hell, the older brother was always so obviously creepy, the father was even worse, and the sisters and youngest kids deserved so much better. I'm hoping those two who got married will somehow start a change because they are both so obviously intelligent and strong-minded. The little kids would benefit from a better lifestyle. I feel for them.

And I see a lot of people talking about how it used to be The Learning Channel. Well History channel used to be about history. National Geographic used to be about geography. Discovery Channel used to teach you a lot of stuff. Now it's like Pawnshop wars or BBQ wars or cars wars or whatever the actual titles are. TLC is not the only one that changed. 




 That's the thing. Reddit is no different than any other websites. You can find amazing communities just like those on Reddit on 4Chan, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Tumblr ... The problem is that Reddit seems to be the only one out of those that believes their communities are much better than the others, when it is literally the same. The only difference is that the majority of Reddit users are old men. Doesn't make them any smarter or mature. But they're convinced their age (even gender) is enough to prove they're better. 




 A bunch of people who think they're better than other websites, by behaving exactly like people from said other websites. e.g.: 4Chan, **TUMBLR**, Facebook, Instagram ...

Except this subreddit. This subreddit awesome.  




 Haiti! :D 




 Hello! Nice to hear from a fellow INFJ!  




 Hello, fellow human part of the 1%! :D 




 Same! Haha I don't think I'm inspiring, but maybe I can be convincing if the confidence is with me. A few times, I would be so deep in a debate and have no new arguments left, that I just repeat myself with other words and the people take it as new ones (then they're like wow, she came prepared!). Have you ever noticed, when you speak, people looking at you "You sound eloquent but that makes no sense to me!" It makes them second-guess their opinion, and I guess that counts as convincing.  




 Twin! I've found you!  




 Ah, thanks yes this makes more sense. Maybe we're more empathic. Though would you "feel" for strangers too? Like you see someone ranting about having a terrible day online, would you feel for them?  




 Yay! Let's celebrate being part of the cool kids of this world! : ) 




 Yeah! But another comment has said maybe we're just empathetic easily, which I can agree with. If were were to see someone crying in the bus, maybe we would feel for them immediately (without really doing anything else)? Are you the same?  




 Hey! 

14% F. which means sometimes, when logic fails me, I go with the flow. It's something I've been working on ever since I graduated high school. Can't say it is working for me though. 




 Somehow comforting. Of course, no one knows you better than you, but somehow knowing that you're a 'thing' (aka, describable) and that you're not the only one described a certain way, is really comforting. I mean, most of the things said, I knew it already about myself. But for a random website to "know" those descriptive terms and to share them with me, means I'm not an extremely alien type. There are other people out there, similar to me. Even though my group is just 1% of people, which explains why I personally always feel so odd, an outcast, and even "crazy". Asking for help when you're lost and so different from the majority can be difficult. But yeah. At least I'm not doomed! I know some people I can relate to personally have lived. I just need to know how to take advantage of my strengths and how to overlook my weaknesses.  




 Of course : ) 




 I have to say though, many other facts might have led to these results despite me being completely different. I don't talk nor approach people (and I did let the test know that), so I find it weird that it would think that I find it easy to connect with people. Maybe if I were not socially anxious all the time, I would, but as of right now, not really. 

And yeah, I agree! Some things were so accurate! Amazing!  




 ADVOCATE (INFJ-T). I half agree with it. For instance, it says that we take initiatives. I don't really. I mean, I would but some things are stopping me (anxiety). Also, 
 "INFJs **find it easy to make connections with others**, and have a talent for warm, sensitive language, *speaking in human terms, rather than with pure logic and fact.*" 

That's false. 100%.


However,
 People with the INFJ personality type are **unlikely to go for friendships of circumstance**, like workplace social circles or chatting up their local baristas, where the only thing they really have in common is a day-to-day familiarity. Rather, INFJs seek out people who share their passions, interests and ideologies, people with whom they can explore philosophies and subjects that they believe are truly meaningful.

That is so accurate, and it's so hard to explain this to other people. I don't want casual relationships. Others think it's a very asocial thing to be (well, it is I guess). 


Hey, by the way that was really interesting. Thank you so much : ) 




 YO. I live in a city that is a champion at that! It's in Germany, but I don't know how common it is. Dogs re extremely well behaved, as in most can walk without a leach. And I'm cool with that, as long as said dog is trained and not to nervous and very obedient. But the owners, they need seriously training. 
I walked to a supermarket that is like 200 meters away from my place, and I saw 12 dog poop piles. TWELVE. I am still mad about it, honestly. 

I miss my home city because people picked up their dog poop. And those who didn't were clever enough to have their dog poop on grass/mud. Not in the middle of the sidewalk.  




 The Haitian president is actually bald 




 I don't know if most people would consider it a hobby but, would you be into people watching? It's honestly fun. Just sit there somewhere at a café maybe (those with outdoor seats), and just watch people. Or, walk. If you're not into walking, take the train to wherever! Or just go from terminal to terminal. 

I've personally lot motivation to do anything, and I think one of the reasons why I don't enjoy them is because doing things stress me out. And I don't enjoy stress very much. Walking, people watching or taking the train require no special ability or effort, so no stress for me.   




 South Korea, man. You'll have so much fun there, weather you're an introvert or an extrovert. This country, well at least Seoul, is perfect.  




 Maybe I'm old fashioned, but I'm not about this "don't make it too obvious" trend. Honesty is such a beautiful thing. Just be clear, honest, but not like. Creepy. By creepy, don't make her feel like she must go back to you, or something like that. Just share your feeling. See how she feels.  




 It's called Secrets d'Histoire. Once a month or so, they air a 1h30 ~ 2h00 long documentary, very often about a Royal, most often from France (well personally, I've only seen Royals from France, but since I have not seen all episodes, I don't know if they explore other countries or historical figures). Tonight, it was about Louis XVI, the last King of France. It's amazing how history is very ... how can I say this. Open to interpretation. I've seen a documentary about him many times before, and the last two times, he was described as a weak, fat, lazy man lacking libido and not really into his family life or his kingship. In that documentary, he was described as strong, cute, happy, nice, a great father, husband and king who tried his best for his people. His lack of libido was caused by a medical problem and how he was taught, his clumsiness was caused by his father and grandfather, and his brother's death, etc. What's funny is that those first documentaries were by Americans, so from a country Louis XVI helped, while that documentary was 100% French. Yet the French one (and you know, French people are not afraid to criticize) portrayed him so nicely. Honestly, I think he and his wife were extremely nice and great, just misunderstood and way too young to be Royals. Plus, he was not meant to be a King, so no one thought about teaching him anything about becoming a King so what did they expect?!

Anyway. I love this documentary so much. I think I'll go visit Versailles some time this autumn. 

Sorry you only asked the title and I gave you an entire essay haha.  




 I'm about to watch an episode of one of my favorite documentary series!!

Btw, that sounds yum. 




 I'm pretty sure if you try hard enough, you'll find an African in your ancestry line. If you're from Mid-Westernish Europe, the Mediterranean, Northern Africa and the middle East, you'll find a Jewish person, garanteed.  




 Man even the governments doesn't care about individuals. They have millions of others so they don't care about the few that want to or will die. 




 Thanks! Hey, may I ask where do you usually go to? We probably aren't from the same location but just to get an idea haha. : ) 




 This is really encouraging. I think I'd feel better if I brought some entertainment, that's for sure. 

Thank you for sharing! I think I'll start doing that!  




 I've been thinking about this lately! I always say I want to be a mother, blablabla but lately I've been second-guessing my skills as a mother, so I don't know. Also, I'm finding out that I'm at my happiest when I don't do anything and when I'm alone. 

I think I would just move to Paris and do nothing. Sounds bad, but it's honestly the most rewarding thing I could do. I'd wake up at maybe 9 or 10 am, watch TV while munching on cereals, then I'd go out to the market and buy whatever I need for the day, maybe flowers even. Then I'd go back home, watch some more TV while doing whatever: cleaning, laundry, folding clean laundry, learn something on the internet, whatever. Then I'd cook lunch/dinner. Later at night, I'd go out and walk around the city. People watching is a thing I enjoy a lot, so I would totally do that. Maybe I'd take a night train for a roundtrip. Not leaving the train, just sitting there and enjoying peace and quiet. Maybe I'll read, or play video games, or just chill and listen to music. Sometimes, if one of my favorite shows is being recorded, I'd go to said recordings. Right now, I really love a French TV Host who hosts a TV Show and a radio show, and I'd love to attend both. Or, I'd go and watch some theatre. Bigger theaters, smaller, independent artists. Whatever. Then if I get hungry, I'd go to one of those late-night cafés in Paris, and just eat whatever there is. 

Then I'd go to bed at midnight or 1 am, and start all over again. 

From time to time, I'd go to cities I like, rent an apartment, and do the same. New York some time during the winter, Seoul during the spring, maybe Vancouver a week during the summer? And back to Paris for the remainder fo the year. 

Oh, and maybe I'd get a cat.  




 Yo be happy there's no equality when it comes to bathrooms because trust me. Girls' bathrooms are nasty as fuck. Men have to deal with unflushed (or smeared?) pee and poop. Us girls have to deal with pee and poop and blood. Sometimes all together. Like girls on their period who think it's totally okay not to flush their bloody diarrhea, or who clog the toilet with their tampons/pads, or who leave the bathroom looking like a murder scene, AND THEY WON'T CLEAN UP. I sympathize with my fellow girls because being on your period sucks, BUT COME ON.  




 I'm sorry, this is long. 

I ~~usually~~ always talk about the negative, but let me talk about the positive. I was born in the US, but spent eight years, from 2 months to 8 years of age, on an island in the Caribbean. Mind you, my island used to be popular like most others, now it has a reputation of being "poor, dirty, broken, corrupted", which are all true, but it's not like the country has nothing to offer.

Anyway. I have to say, living on an island is pretty fun. We lived in the city, so the beach was not next door, but from my roof, we could see it. From time to time, my father would organize a trip to one of the most beautiful private-own beaches of the country. It was amazing! Also, the culture of my people may be too old-fashion and even barbaric at times, but other aspects are awesome. For instance, people are quite happy, despite the misery. And everyone is extremely lively and funny. One day, we were at a river, my dad's car got stuck in the mud, and while we were trying to get it out, two kids just ran towards the car to see what was happening. Those kids were obviously poor, not in school, but they climbed up the truck that was trying to pull my dad's car out the mud, and they had the time of their life. They tried helping (by directing the truck driver), they'd climb up and down ... at some point one ran out and came back with sugar canes to share with his pal to watch the show. In the end, my father gave them money and they were ecstatic. That money probably meant they'd finally have a real meal today (and it was 8 pm when we got stuck). Though this even took place way after I had moved out (I travelled there to visit), and I was no longer a child. 

Another thing I'll always remember is the other kids I grew up with. Outside of school, most of my friends were poor people. But it didn't matter. A story my parents told me is that after church, I'd run back home with them and I'd share yoghurt. I loved yoghurt and I am guessing I wanted them to love the thing I love. Again, most were poor, so to them, it was a great opportunity to get a snack, while to me, it was a great opportunity to convert my friends to yoghurt-ism. The most "daring" things I've done in my life were done with them. For instance behind my house, we had this steep slope I was not allowed to go near. Well, one day I went down on it, and climbed back up. Twice. Or one of them lived next to us, and to get to his house you had to climb a ladder. I was never allowed to climb a ladder, until one day I followed my dad to their house, and he wasn't going to leave me alone so I climbed. Or that time my friends were too poor to buy a kite (on a specific day, everyone flies a kite), so they made one, and that day I learned how to build kites. Ok, I never managed to fly a homemade one because I couldn't remember which material they used, but it was still fun.

In my country, if you have a little more money, it's common for your terrain to be used by many, if you allow it. My father's job allowed him to own not only our house, but a church and a school, all on the same terrain. So, people working for the church and/or the school sometimes resided on the premises as well. My first two houses were like that, and my third house was a smaller terrain without a school or church, but my uncle's house and a boutique was there, too. So it's like sharing your backyard with a bunch of people, which is always fun. 

Well, one day, I moved to my third house, which meant I'd leave behind most of my friends. However a couple of friends would still come over (those who could, meaning those who were fortunate enough), and I remember one day playing a video game on my N64 with one. We didn't speak English at all, but we tried to understand what to do in that game called Quest 64. At some point in the game, you get into a valley, and sometimes you encounter monsters. You can either escape (if you're far away enough) or fight them. Being terrified kids, we'd always escape if we could. So imagine two girls, scared to death, between the age of 6 and 8, screaming "ESCAPE!" with the most Caribbean-French accent in the world. (Pronounced kind of like: "Eh-skahp"). 

My main regret is to not have been more out there. I was quite sheltered, because both my parents grew up poor and they hated it, so since we were fortunate, they did not want me to associate too much with poor people (unless they're girls from the church we attended, because their mothers were nice or whatever). My grandmother was especially strict with that "rule". Before, they didn't care as much because we lived next to a school so of course kids would be everywhere. But when we moved for the third time, that was when the rule was 100% enforced. My uncle had adopted a boy my age, and they were kind of poor and I was not allowed to play with him at all because of that. They allowed me to play with my cousin sometimes only because we were blood relatives. Kinda sucks.

But yeah. There were those positives in my childhood. : ) 




 I never take a cart when I go grocery shopping alone. So I always go through the isles like twenty times to see what I need and can just hold without looking weird. One time I went grocery shopping with my dog. I had to carry said dog and whatever I was buying. Yeah. ~~I can't even drive a damn cart straight.~~ 




 Lately my anxiety has been quite ridiculous. For instance today, I have not left my room yet (it's 2:19 pm) and I am freaking out because later, I will have to go on a bike ride with some people. What has been working for you, when it comes to calming down when extremely nervous? 

Thank you! : ) 




 I have a thing for judge shows, and after weeks of Judge Judy and People's Court, [I'm all about Divorce Court now](https://41.media.tumblr.com/2a9c9759ed9d8f943361b39e1357da11/tumblr_nolfuosld31r7qdrvo1_1280.png).

I love Shooting Stars by Bag Raiders : ) 




 You know, if right now you think you're bisexual, then you might as well be. Maybe three months later you'll realize that you're not. Maybe twenty years later you'll realize you're not, or the day before you 99th birthday is when you realize "wow, I've always been straight." Or, maybe you'll feel comfortable calling yourself bi for the rest of your life!

Knowing your sexuality is tough, like knowing yourself as a whole is quite difficult. It's a matter of how you feel and what makes you feel comfortable. That may or may not change as you learn about yourself as you grow older. So yeah. Don't worry about labels. It's nice to know where you "belong" but don't expect it to always be a rigid tag.  




 Yeah like OP said, some stereotypes are negative. My race and age group seem to only have negative stereotypes ... :/ 




 Do you mean places like McDonald's or actual restaurants with a server coming at your table and taking your order? I would love to go to one on my own but I am terrified of stares and people potentially pitying me. 




 Pretty sure it was because of school? That's all I remember (and I remember running though the airport with my annoyed mother). I can't think of another reason tbh. Mother wasn't drunk and anyway it wasn't her. It was me who was stopped. 




 Long story short, when I was 5 or 6, a boarding agent refused to let me board my plane back home. Her reason? School was starting the next day, and I shouldn't miss any days. I was in Florida, and I am American but I never resided in the US. She didn't believe that we lived overseas, since "I was clearly American". What's weird is that since birth (and until the age of 9), I'd go to the US two or three times a year, and this has happened only once.

Almost missed our plane. People around us acted like it was "kind of her to be so considerate". 

Anyway. Can this happen? This was in 2001 or early 2002.  




 It's a French band (they sing in English though). Their name is Stuck in the Sound and the song in question is Toy Boy. 




 Last summer I went to South Korea. Throughout the entire trip, I listened to one song on repeat. Now, whenever I listen to this song, I remember South Korea. I especially remember the flights though. Probably because it was on repeat non-stop for close to 20-24 hours? 
























