 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, simply looking, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she is sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.

I also watch a lot of sleep fetish porn, and I have acted on this fetish in real life (with consent).

Ask me anything. 









 My response: "I'm good, thanks. Yourself?"

My favorite response from someone else: "Not bad for an old man." 









 I've been depressed for at least ten years. I lost the only job I had about a year and a half ago and haven't been able to find work since. I didn't graduate from high school because I was in too shitty of a mood to even go most of the time, and when I did, I couldn't focus.

I've had one girlfriend (who was only with me because she was desperate), and almost my entire family thinks of me as "The one who sits in the dark basement all day and doesn't talk to anyone."

I wanted to be a writer when I was around 13-15 years old (23 now), and I started numerous novels, but never came close to finishing any because I lacked the drive, motivation and commitment needed for something of that nature. I've written a single article for some site you've never heard of, got good feedback on it, but still find myself unable to do anything significant in that regard.

I've been on anti-depressants for two months. I stopped taking them recently because I couldn't afford to pay for them anymore. I felt no different while taking them, and I feel no different quitting them cold turkey.

Anyone else? Anyone at all in this position? Or at least a similar one? 














 You would think, if Hobbes is a real tiger in Calvin's world, he'd take exception or at least say something about it. But he just sort of shrugs it off every time.

Thoughts? 
























 I'm not a virgin-- the one woman I have had sex with gave me no stimulation through intercourse. I didn't feel anything. She felt a lot though. Ask our neighbors _

She gave me oral and handjobs, however, which were amazing. But I never came. I never had an orgasm. I just felt like I was going to explode the whole time, but I never ever came. Not once.

I feel fine. Other than, you know, chronic depression. But my balls feel absolutely fine. I don't get any pain down there or anything.

How is this possible? 




 I had a wet dream last night. Prompted me to make this. I could sort of feel it when it happened, but I was like half asleep (closer to being asleep than awake), so I didn't really do anything. I just let it happen and fell back asleep.

**EDIT:** I am a male. 





































































 Usually, when most people feel butterflies, they become nervous and unable to perform the task at hand (talking to a beautiful woman, playing in a significant sporting event, fighting, etc.) as well as if they didn't have butterflies.

Am I right to assume that most bodily functions such as this occur because of evolutionary traits that were at one time useful? If so, how exactly does this help? 














 * Calvin: Are you mad?!
* Mom: I *will* be, if you don't hop to it.

http://assets.amuniversal.com/054af702250a102d94d7001438c0f03b

* Dad: Next time we should take the tiger and forget the kid.

http://assets.amuniversal.com/3563f4f8250e102d94d7001438c0f03b

* Mom's reaction to being told that Calvin is inventing a robot to make his bed and wants a grant (3rd panel):

http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1989/08/30

* Calvin: What could possibly go wrong?!
* Hobbes: Whenever you ask that, my tail gets all bushy.

http://assets.amuniversal.com/070ae0802509102d94d7001438c0f03b 




 First off, for reasons I don't think are necessary to discuss, whenever I find a woman who's willing to put up with me, I get *extremely* attached. I'm not the type to constantly call or want to be around a girl, but when I am around her, I smother her. I touch her, I hold her, I tell her to hold me, and I basically give her no room to breathe. I know it's annoying, but I can't help it. It just happens.

On top of that, I'm extremely fucked up psychologically. I'm clinically depressed and possibly bipolar. I'm very sensitive emotionally, which can lead to a lot of conflict in a relationship.

I also hate intercourse. I'd much rather spoon or grope a woman all night long than have sex. Weird, I know. I really have no idea why I am this way. And I'm not assertive in any way in the bedroom. I prefer the woman to be aggressive. Turns out that most women want the opposite.

All in all, almost nothing about me is conducive to a happy, healthy relationship. I used to mope and be angry about this, but I've pretty much accepted my fate as a forever alone.

Is there anyone else out there like this? Or am I *truly* forever alone in this regard? 



























































 I was really close to my cousin-- we're both around the same age (23-25), and he was a really happy, mellow, down-to-earth guy. He made people laugh and didn't bother anyone, and I always loved hanging out with him (and I usually hate being around people in general-- that goes for everyone, even my close family).

I got the news on Sunday, and it's taken me until about a day or two ago to finally be able to handle it and try to live my life normally, but I'm still struggling. I'm afraid that if I go to the funeral, it will just devastate me all over again, and I dread having to feel that pain ever again.

What can/should I do? 




 My friend is playing Madden 13, and he just got an Achievement. When he hit the Xbox guide button to see what it was, I read the description in about a second. He left it up for at least four seconds. 














 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_emotions#Parrott.27s_emotions_by_groups

You can choose what's listed as a primary, secondary, or tertiary emotion. Up to you.

I get the feeling that "Longing" might be a popular choice. Maybe some Redditors want to be a super badass and will choose "Compassion" to get back at people who wronged them without regretting it.

Of course, "Sadness" would be a good choice as well, for obvious reasons.

What say, Reddit? 




 In life, you have two options-- die before the people you love, or watch the people you love die, knowing you can do nothing about it.

What a choice. I can't deal with this. I have no idea what the hell to do. I'm considering finding a way to live far away from everyone who knows me, and forging no new relationships with anyone there. I can't go through the grief of losing a loved one again-- I'm too sensitive emotionally. And I can't imagine my family seeing me on an autopsy table, unmoving... dead.

I can't fucking do it. 




 Speaking of himself in a verse that describes a hypothetical "alternate universe," I suppose, in which Marshall Mathers didn't have the will to pursue his rap career.

Full lyrics:

http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bob/airplanespartii.html 




 What do you think he wondered when he viewed the death of another human being? What did he think was the difference between a dead body and a living one? When looking into the sky and seeing stars, and attempting to understand simple concepts like day and night, or abstractions like life and our place in the universe? 









 I'm trying to do anything I can to take my mind off of it, but all I can do is hear my dad's words over and over again in my head.

"James was killed in a car accident..."

"We just came from the morgue..."

"He looked like he was sleeping..."

My cousin and I were as close as brothers. I have no idea how I'm going to possibly deal with this. My body feels like it wants to sob profusely, but I just can't... I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I can't do that, either...

I don't know what to do... please make me feel better. 














 They either happen at completely random times, or when I see/hear/think of something funny or interesting. They get so intense sometimes that I get dizzy and lose my balance (but I haven't actually fallen because of it). At that point, I usually just have to "shake the cobwebs" and it goes away.

You might be thinking that it's not head tingles that I'm feeling, but I've experienced head tingles for a *very* long time (I remember my first one was because of a girl I liked in kindergarten), so I know what they feel like.

It's very weird, but it's sort of an intriguing feeling, because I was not aware at all that ASMR could be this intense. 



















 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she is sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.

I watch sleep fetish porn (it's the only porn that can hold my attention), and I have acted on this fetish with multiple women in the past (with their consent, of course). 









 Would doorknobs be on the left? Would we drive on the left side of the road instead of the right? 









 I get instantly raged (internally only) whenever I see anyone say the words "my boyfriend" or "my girlfriend," anywhere at all, whether I know the person or not.

Yes, I have a problem. 




 Being wet isn't comfortable, nor is it conducive to sex. It'd be a hassle to clean, the person who's wet would be cold, and the person who's dry would be getting wet needlessly.

Yet, this:

http://www.blocsuite.com/home/wp-content/uploads/Shenese6.jpg

Is considered attractive (even if you don't find the girl in general attractive, stay with me anyway).

Why? 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she *is* sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.

I watch sleep fetish porn (it's the only porn that can hold my attention), and I have acted on this fetish with multiple women in the past (with their consent, of course).

A note: Before anyone asks, yes, this is a re-post. I enjoy answering questions about this and I find that people like asking about it. 




 For example, some people believe that spicy food and junk foods can cause nightmares.

I've noticed that whenever I take sleep aids, I tend to have extremely long, very vivid dreams that I can easily remember when I wake up.

Do you know of anything that you do before going to sleep that affects the content of your dreams, or whether or not you dream at all? 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/wywgj/how_can_i_keep_my_motherboard_and_processor_from/

We figured out that using a different charger than the intended = bad. But right now, I'm very short on cash, and I can't afford to buy a new charger unless I'm *positive* that it will help my computer run better.

What think, r/techsupport? 




 I also haven't had any physical contact (let alone intimate contact) with a woman in over a year and a half. I've also never had an orgasm with the exception of frequent nocturnal emissions.

Ask me anything. 














 She has no idea what the key could be for, and she lives by herself-- before she moved in, no one with the name that was on the envelope lived there (previous tenant had been there for at least a decade). The envelope only had the name on it (no address, no stamp), so it was clearly not mailed.

What would you do, Reddit? 














 Or would you be too embarrassed, due to the societal viewpoint that being raped by a woman makes a man look weak? 




 Has this ever happened to anyone else? Am I the only one who has a tendency to mask his depression in public (and apparently do a damn good job of it)? 
























 Society seems to think that if people make much more money than the average person and also appear on television as part of their job, they're somehow above us "normal" people. They get giddy and excited just to see these people, and if a celebrity so much as talks to someone or writes their name down for someone, OMG IT'S AMAZING I CAN'T BELIEVE IT

We treat these people as if they're demigods, then get upset/perplexed when their egos become huge. They're people just like us. They eat, sleep, and shit just like us. They do what they're good at to earn an income just like us.

But apparently, talking to a celebrity or getting an autograph is a big deal, even though there's absolutely no tangible or intangible benefit of doing so. Meeting an actor, a pro athlete, etc., doesn't make someone's life better, but society has brainwashed us into thinking that's the case.

Again, they're just people doing what they're good at to make a living. Nothing more. 









 ... I think. I have no idea, since I've never been drunk or high on recreational drugs before.

I was recently prescribed an antidepressant called "vilazodone" by my doctor, and I started taking them two days ago (today was the third day I've taken it). Ever since I started using them, I've been feeling really, really weird (strange too, considering that I was told, and have heard, that these things take at least a month to work).

Anyway, since taking it for the first time, I feel the strangest combination of the following:

* Slight nausea
* Lightheadedness/dizziness (sometimes feels like my head is "spinning")
* Fatigue
* Horniness

I have no idea if this is normal or not, or even if it's a placebo effect at work, but... it feels sooooooo goooooood... _

I'm not at all concerned or asking for a diagnosis. Just bored and thought maybe someone would find this funny/intriguing. 




 I've heard that, with modern forensics, it's impossible. 









 I went to the doctor's office for an infection in my finger, got that taken care of, and then asked him about possible psychiatric treatments for my depression.

He asked me 7 or 8 questions from a questionnaire about my general emotional state and afterwards, I was prescribed vilazodone and given a starter kit.

I could have easily lied on the questionnaire, considering it was obvious how the questions were structured and how I'd have to answer them to give the impression that I'm depressed.

Am I missing something? 












































 I have a specific make and model (Dell Precision M6400) that I think has problems with overheating in these two areas. I'm already using a laptop cooler, and right now, without really doing anything except surfing the internet, my CPU is at 63 C and the motherboard is at 69 C. When it gets to this point, it has trouble loading any videos at all and it feels extremely hot to the touch (may also be an issue with an overheating graphics card).

What can I do, if anything, to keep it cooler? 














 http://assets.amuniversal.com/106a4fac250a102d94d7001438c0f03b

Then again, Calvin's such a little rotter that you might feel like ignoring him isn't the worst thing his parents could do o_o 




 I enjoy answering questions about this, so I wanted to field another AMA. I'm kind of bored. Anyways...

Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with extreme attraction to a partner who is sleeping or unconscious solely because of the fact that they are sleeping or unconscious. This is not a rape fetish-- taking a partner against his or her will has nothing to do with this.

I watch lots of sleep sex porn (it's the only porn that can keep my attention) and yes, I've fooled around with women as they sleep (with their prior consent).

Ask me anything. 




 What's wrong with reposting the same content in the same subreddit, some time later? It's the only way to expose one's post to more people (and thus get more distinct responses) after the original has died. 




 It feels like my depression and my exercise regiment are constantly clashing. To work out consistently requires energy, willpower, and motivation, all of which the parasite known as depression feeds on. 

Sometimes I'll be fully rested but unable to work out because I don't have one or more of the above necessities. Does anyone have any suggestions as to what can help? 




 Yes, really.

I am more attracted to Beth Phoenix than I have been to any woman in my entire life, and I refuse to settle for admiring from afar.

Ask me anything. 









 I also haven't had any physical contact (let alone intimate contact) with a woman in over a year and a half.

**EDIT:** I've also never had an orgasm.

Ask me anything. 



















 http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1991/03/18

Things that stood out to me:

-At one point, Calvin (or at least the "real" Calvin combined with the "good" Calvin) smiles for 16 straight panels. I always look for stuff like that (I'm weird), and I can't remember another time he smiled for even four straight panels.

-Hobbes notes at the end of the story arc that Calvin is "The only person [he knows] whose good side is prone to badness." But, Watterson immediately asserts (through Calvin) that it might not have been simply a case of Calvin being so bad that not even the incarnate of his good side can't resist being evil.

Calvin claims that "He could only be perfectly good as an abstraction. In his human manifestation, he wanted to throttle me," implying that simply by being human, it was impossible for "Good Calvin" to be flawlessly benevolent. Watterson was clearly making a point about human nature and perhaps our inability to resist the allure of sin.

This is part of the reason I resent when people disregard Calvin and Hobbes as "just a newspaper comic." Both Watterson and his writing are extremely deep, and his ability to express fundamental truths about things like this, and the world overall, is the reason I've re-read all of the collections at least three times each. 




 I fell for her the moment I laid eyes on The Glamazon. I adore her combination of physical strength and feminine beauty, and I refuse to admire from afar. I'm going after what I want.

Tell me how I can give myself the best chance to be successful. 



























































 I love it when I wake up in the morning and the sun isn't shining, and the sky is gray and cloudy and everything is just as dismal as it can be. 

And I absolutely LOVE rain. The stronger the downpour, the better. Sometimes I open my front door and just stare outside for the entirety of a thunderstorm. The sound the rain makes as it hits the ground, the dreariness, I just go crazy for it.

If your answer is "Yes," why do you think it is? For myself, I imagine it's for two reasons-- one, because I like to see nature matching my own mood (which is usually "Bleh"), and also because that type of weather keeps people from going outside, which I like (I hate people in general). 




 23/M, just got quasi-dumped without even seeing the woman in person. I won't bother with details, since this isn't a blog... we met on Reddit, we clicked almost instantly, we started to fall for one another (as much as two people can who interact only through text), and then she told me that it's "inevitable" that she'll eventually forget about me once school starts.

I could live with being 3,000 miles away from her and probably never getting the chance to ever see her in person. I realized that from the start. But I thought at the very least, we could be long-term internet friends who occasionally send each other naughty messages.

But when she told me that our relationship was basically going to self-terminate in the near future, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I wasn't even mad at her... I was just disappointed at life.

I'm overly emotional for a guy, so it probably hurts a lot more than maybe it would for someone reading this, but I think, no matter what, something like this will almost always be painful.

So, please... if you find someone you like, and they like you back, for the love of all that is holy, **tell him/her not to expect a long-term relationship of any kind if you know that it won't work, for ANY reason at all**. Please. I don't want anyone else to feel like this. 




 I thought it was just silly that people couldn't see Spider-Man when he's on the ceiling. I'm like "He's right there! Just look up!" Then, through my own behavior, I realized that people in general tend to ignore the ceiling when they walk into any given room. There's no reason to acknowledge it-- it's just... there. 




 I met her on Reddit. We live on opposite ends of the country, so being together in person was never a realistic option. Even still, we hit it off. AIM chats full of kisses and 3s and sometimes naughty exchanges when we were feeling horny.

We made each other feel better when we were down and we tried our best to make sure neither of us stayed down for very long. I'm not afraid to say that we may have been falling for one another.

Earlier tonight, though, she told me that soon, we wouldn't be able to talk to me very much, since she starts school soon. I could feel the relationship starting to dissolve as soon as she said that, but I tried to be strong. I asked her to promise to try her best to not forget me, but she said she didn't want to, because it's inevitable.

It hurt badly, and I didn't know what to say. The fact that I didn't respond immediately seemed to worry her-- she said that she felt bad, but I tried to make us both feel better by flirting playfully. Eventually, she remarked that I was hers and hers only. I replied, without thinking, "Until you forget about me." It was a cry for help... I didn't mean it. I just wanted her to make me feel better about it.

She then told me she was going to leave, and even though I literally begged and pleaded, she still signed off. Usually, if I were to say "Please don't leave," she would become sympathetic and lovingly stick around, for me.

This time, she left without even acknowledging my pleas for her not to.

There's a giant knot in my stomach and I feel like my heart has been irreparably torn asunder. I feel like I don't deserve to live for what I may have just done, and I now have no way of contacting her outside of Reddit.

Please, if you're reading this... *please* come back to me. Don't do the unthinkable. I couldn't live with myself... just let me make it better... I promise I can. 









 I'm about 6'4, and I've heard a few women say that they love it when men are as tall as I am. One even responded with "Fuck me now" when I told her how tall I am. I guess maybe I don't see it because I'm used to my height or because almost everyone in my family (and a lot of my friends) are tall. I dunno.

How much do you personally value height, ladies?

**EDIT:** Also, how tall is *too* tall? 




 It's a nice message, but it's not realistic. Humans cannot perfectly manipulate their own emotions and make themselves feel however they want. If they could, no one would ever be sad or angry for more than 2 seconds at a time.

It reminds me of when parents tell their kids they can be whatever they want when they grow up. You don't really mean it-- you just say it so that they'll have confidence to go after what they want. The difference is, we're not kids, so don't treat us like it. Please don't patronize us. 







































 I love it when Calvin is interacting with another character, and through the first three panels, Calvin is visibly upset while the other character continues to bug him. Then, in the last panel, Calvin just explodes with anger.

http://cdn.svcs.c2.uclick.com/c2/4224a582250b102d94d7001438c0f03b
 









 ... what's actually happening in Calvin's world in which Hobbes is a real tiger? It's been established that Calvin struggles to keep Hobbes' weight on his shoulders (usually when giving him a boost). So when other characters see Calvin with stuffed-animal Hobbes over his shoulder, is he actually carrying him? 









 I mean, we have the Patterson-Gimlin film in favor of Bigfoot, which still hasn't been completely debunked by science, whereas we have pretty much nothing visual for God or Jesus in that same regard. It seems that a lot more people believe in God than believe in Sasquatch, though.

I hope this post isn't breaking the rules-- just something I always thought about. 









 Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with extreme attraction to a partner who is sleeping or unconscious solely because of the fact that they *are* sleeping or unconscious. This is *not* a rape fetish-- taking a partner against his or her will has nothing to do with this.

I watch lots of sleep sex porn (it's the only porn that can keep my attention) and yes, I've fooled around with women as they sleep (with their prior consent).

Ask me anything. 




 Sports games implement sliders that allow you to tailor the game almost exactly to your liking, and as a result, give yourself a unique experience based on your skill level and style of play.

Shooters and action games only offer different difficulties (as far as I know). If they offered adjustable sliders, like:

* User/AI bullet damage

* User/AI melee damage

* User/AI accuracy

* User/AI speed

etc., I think that these types of games would be a more fun experience for a lot of people. 




 I have a Dell Precision M6400 with a 512MB NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M. I think there's some sort of issue with the graphics card or the motherboard overheating-- I did some research but wasn't able to find anything definitive.

I had to buy a new charger after the original charger died, and the power brick on the new charger is way smaller than the original. It still fits in the laptop and charges it, but it takes forever to do so, and the laptop itself performs better when it's not plugged in. It never overheats while running on the battery, and I can actually watch 1080i videos without skipping.

I have a laptop cooler on which I constantly keep the laptop, but it still overheats randomly sometimes, but usually when I try to watch any video (it's like 50/50 as far as being able to watch a video without overheating).

When it overheats, it gets approximately as hot as the surface of the sun, and everything just kinda lags and the CPU Usage jumps to 100% and can stay there for minutes at a time. I've never had problems with the laptop shutting down due to overheating, however.

Any tips? 














 I learned that girls have two X chromosomes, and whenever I want to make sure I'm remembering that fact right, I think of this strip:

https://thecomicninja.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/calvin-and-hobbes-x-chromosomes.gif?w=640

Calvin and Hobbes also introduced me to the concept of being avant-garde. I also learned certain words like:

* Theology
* Atrophy
* Somnambulism
* Stupendous (hey, I was young) 




 I've had trouble sleeping for a long time (mostly because of depression and anxiety), so I normally use OTC sleep aids, but I'm short on cash now and didn't have time to buy anymore after running out.

As a result, I've slept for about three hours in the last day and a half. Help me snooze. 









 Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with arousal by a sleeping/unconscious partner because of the fact that they *are* asleep/unconscious.

How do you feel about this? Would a fetish of this nature turn you off? Do you know anyone who has it? Do you personally have it (probably a long shot)? Any questions for someone who does (i.e., me)? 




 I've been single for almost a year and a half, and I don't really go out much. I live alone, and it gets lonely here by myself. I'm kinda nerdy (as if that's not a given), and I've got a good, quirky sense of humor. I love talking about myself and my weird personality (but not in a conceited, all-about-me kinda way), and I love listening to others talk about themselves. I really enjoy meeting new people and learning more about them, and I'm not judgmental at all. I just like when people are willing to be themselves, since I'll do the same.

I don't drink or smoke, and stay in the house a lot, but I'm always up for trying new things. Even if you're not in my area (or even in my country), feel free to PM me. I'm down for anything from meetups to casual chats to harmless flirting and anything in between. 




 Xbox 360 w/60 GB hard drive
NBA 2K12 (very good condition)
Madden NFL 12 (very good condition)
Wireless controller w/charger

I've tried finding someone I know, or someone who knows someone I know, to buy it since I'll undoubtedly get more profit from a personal transaction, but no one's budging. What would GameStop give me for this? I'm guessing approximately peanuts. 














 I don't really go out, so I don't have any dressy clothes (my clothes are in good shape, just not very formal). No button-ups, no nice pants (just black jeans), etc. I wouldn't want to go to a club in a t-shirt and jeans... would I? I would say my tees are nice, but a button-up would be better, obviously. I'd buy some collared shirts and stuff if I could, but I'm broke as all hell.

I don't even know if I should go to a bar or a club. I've never been to one in my life and none of my friends will go with me. Maybe I should go somewhere else to meet women (I don't have a job right now and I'm not in school)?

What think, seddit? 




 I'm not going to pretend I'm some sort of sexual god-- I've just never had an orgasm. Everything else is fine. I get it up just fine, but I've never blown a load in my life (and I've some good, long-lasting sex/blow jobs/hand jobs/etc.).

I'm not necessarily asking for just sex or a FWB, but I have been feeling a little horny lately and I could use an outlet. I enjoy going down on women and using my mouth (and my tongue especially) in a lot of ways, so I won't ask you to do all the work. I also live by myself, so roommates/siblings/parents won't be an issue.

I'm a single black male, I stand about 6'3, and I've been told that I have "good hair" (it's curly and soft). I'm kinda slender with a sort of dark mocha complexion I guess. Around the same as Will Smith, I think.

Also, just in case people might not understand what I'm saying, I've never been with a man (I'm not gay, but I'm not homophobic, either). I just said "No woman" in the title to specify.

As I said, I definitely wouldn't mind an actual relationship, but I feel irresponsible if I didn't tell you I was feeling horny, and that's part of the reason I made this post.

Anyways, any ladies who want to see if they can be the first or are looking for a guy to spend time with in the Philadelphia area are free to send me a private message (or respond to this post if you want). 









 I've been terribly depressed for the last ten years, and I think I grew used to it eventually, so I never sought help when I could afford it. I've lost my most recent job since and have been applying for work over the last year and a half and have yet to be even considered by anyone. I have no money saved up and none coming in.

People have suggested to me that certain clinics will offer a sliding scale of payment based on your salary, but I have no salary.

How useful is 2-1-1? Would they be able to help someone in my position?

Any other suggestions? Thank you. 














 Let's say the FWB will be a 10/10, and the boy/girlfriend will be a 7. 




 I'm a 23-year-old male, and like I said, I haven't had any contact, let alone intimate contact, with a woman in a year and a half. I don't masturbate-- I never have, and I never feel a desire to. I get aroused sometimes, obviously, but I never feel the need to masturbate.

I was with my last girlfriend for about a year, and she couldn't make me ejaculate at all. She'd give me blow jobs and hand jobs, and I'd get erections, but I would never orgasm at all. During intercourse, I could make her cum, but not the inverse. I don't know if I don't like vagina or just didn't like hers. I haven't had sex with any other woman.

I've never felt an actual orgasm in my life, although I can say without a doubt that I've had wet dreams. How recently? I just woke up from one.

I thought everything I just described (i.e., no source of sexual release-- at least while awake) would lead to blue balls, but I don't think I have it. Is my body just compensating with the nocturnal emissions? Is living this way unhealthy (it doesn't really bother me at all)? I don't feel repressed sexually or anything. 









 I've had no luck at all even getting called in for any interviews-- the only times I did, I realized they were scams.

I have four years of work experience as an administrative assistant at the University of Pennsylvania, and I mostly apply to secretarial positions, but no one even considers hiring me. I use monster.com and Craigslist for the most part.

I've even gone to every place of business within about a mile of my house (no car), and they didn't get back to me. I've gone to my local mall... nothing.

Any advice? 

















































 Why were they willing to wipe out all life on a galactic scale to keep The Flood from spreading? What would have happened had The Flood been allowed to spread? 



















 You'd think it defines a person's entire being. 




 I use [this laptop cooler](http://archive.benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_content task=view id=688 Itemid=66 limit=1 limitstart=2), and it helps a little, but my laptop still get pretty hot to the touch (only on the speakers above the keyboard, which is where I assume the processors are). 

According to Core Temp (a program I use to monitor the processor temperatures, the highest I usually go is about 65-68° C. I don't think that's really gonna damage the computer, but I also use a couple of high-end programs (mostly for video editing), so keeping it cool would help a lot for that. Plus I just hate the feel of a hot laptop, especially in the summer.

I'm really strapped for cash so I can't buy much of anything to help. What can I do to at least mitigate this issue? 














 I can barely convert a 5-minute video file without my processor damn near hitting 90° C (it's Intel Duo Core if that matters). I'm scared my computer will burst into flames (hyperbole alert) if I try to convert a file that's one or two hours long

Any advice? 




 Since I spend 12 hours a day in a room with no light (I live by myself, in the basement of a two-story house), eat crappy food since I never have the energy or will to actually cook, never have friends over, and I go outdoors maybe once a week, only for 3-5 minutes at a time.  


Plus the fact that every day is pretty much just me doing anything I can to keep from going insane and make it until tomorrow without losing my shit. He said that sounds like the life of someone serving time.  

And I think he's right.  

Depression is a prison. 




 Instead of right clicking and going down to "Properties" (even though it's really just right click, up arrow, enter, but still).

Just discovered this accidentally. 









 It will automatically add it to your reply in quote format.  
Please be nice if I'm retarded and everyone already knows this. 




 The people in the rodeo aren't a threat to the bull, and the bulls aren't attacking people for food, are they?

Also, how do they keep the bulls so docile before they're released? 




 Prove to yourself, that is. 





























 I use a PC, not sure if this is an issue with Macs.


Just wait until I press Enter, you piece of trash! 




 To start, my laptop is a Dell Precision M6400 workstation. It's pretty powerful compared to the average laptop, so I expected a little bit of overheating here and there, but it's really bad now, even with my CM Storm laptop cooler.

I recently replaced my charger and battery (thanks to help from r/techsupport), after I had been using a lower wattage AC adapter for a while (because the original one died). The replacement adapter was only 90W where as the new one I just purchased (and the original) were 210.

When I was using the 90W adapter, the computer didn't overheat as much as it is now, which, ironically, is the reason I bought the new charger to begin with. I thought the stronger adapter would lessen the overheating, but it's actually gotten worse.

I haven't been doing much. Using the internet with 4-6 tabs open, no embedded videos (like YouTube and the like), no high-end programs idling in the background. Usually only Notepad, Windows Explorer, internet browser, AIM, YIM, Task Manager, and uTorrent are open at one time. Sometimes iTunes as well, and the CPU usage is consistently remaining extremely low (low single-digits). Despite this, the 
laptop is hot to the touch (on the speakers, which are located [above the keyboard](http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/09/m6400-precision-dell.jpg)). I've also got 99.9 GB free on my C drive and 49 free on my E drive (capacity 465 GB individually). 

[Here are my specs](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png).

How can I keep my laptop from overheating?

Thanks. 














 I use either a program called "Any Video Converter," or "4Videosoft MKV Video Converter."

The converted file (usually to MP4, so I can watch it on my Xbox 360-- usually being converted from MKV or AVI) always ends up way bigger than the original file. Is it the program? Is it the video types? 














 Why don't Calvin and Hobbes just alternate between making up rules that contradict the most recent rule made up by the other? How does anyone ever win? 




 http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/09/m6400-precision-dell.jpg

I'm having a problem finding an AC adapter, though. This one:

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=6631 product_model=302

Is the one listed under "Dell Precision 6400." However...

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=4505 product_model=315

This one looks exactly like the one the laptop came with, and the first one is definitely not the one the laptop came with.

What do I do?

**NOTE:** I posted this last night, but got no responses. I apologize if re-posting so soon is against the rules, but I need this fixed as soon as possible. 









 http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/09/m6400-precision-dell.jpg

I'm having a problem finding an AC adapter, though. This one:

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=6631 product_model=302

Is the one listed under "Dell Precision 6400." However...

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=4505 product_model=315

This one looks exactly like the one the laptop came with, and the first one is definitely not the one the laptop came with.

What do I do? 
























 Anyone who's taken it/is taking it, how did it affect you? 







































 What do these options, found under Power Options -- Advanced Settings -- Processor Power Management, mean? I tried Googling it, but I had a hard time understanding how people were explaining it since I now next to nothing about advanced computer hardware.

Could someone possibly put it in layman's terms for me? 














 Obviously, being a major secret means you probably don't know the true story, so most responses will probably be in the form of "The real reason _______ happened," or "What really happened at __________." 




 And when I say it "goes out," I don't mean that my modem/router doesn't pick up a connection. It still does, and I'll stay connected to my wireless network on my laptop, but web sites won't load. However, if I have something running that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (like Xbox Live, instant messenger programs, torrents, etc.), they will stay connected to the internet (i.e., torrents will still download, I can still send/receive IMs, can still play games online, etc.).

When this happens, nothing on my router/modem changes. All the lights are lit, and it shows that I'm connected to the internet.

Does anyone know why this might be happening and how I can fix it? 




 How can you owe this amount, and all of a sudden you owe less?

Sorry if this sounds stupid; I know next to nothing about finances. 









 And when I say it "goes out," I don't mean that my modem/router doesn't pick up a connection. It still does, and I'll stay connected to my wireless network on my laptop, but web sites won't load. However, if I have something running that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (like Xbox Live, instant messenger programs, torrents, etc.), that will stay connected to the internet (i.e., torrents will still download, I can still send/receive IMs).

When this happens, nothing on my router/modem changes. All the lights are lit, and it shows that I'm connected to the internet.

Does anyone know why this might be happening and how I can fix it? 




 I can already stream music that's on my laptop, and listen to it on my 360. How would I go about doing the same with video?

Thanks in advance. 




 When I use VLC media player to play the .m2ts/.ts files I have on my computer, it just shows "00:00" no matter how long the video is. I also can't skip back and forth through the video with the "Forward/backwards five/ten seconds" commands. It doesn't do this with any other video format.

Is there any way to fix this? The files I have are very big (1 GB at the smallest), so I want to avoid having to convert them to another video format if possible.

Thanks. 









 I use the term "herp-derp" in the title because, like always, I try to use humor to heal the situation, but it is serious.

The only way I can describe it is this: I feel sadness and depression like everyone (I've been really depressed for about ten years, but that's not the most important part), but... when I feel (or SHOULD feel) happiness, it doesn't feel like happiness. It feels like a different type of sadness. Stronger and more pronounced. Like I'm going to cry, but I **know** it's not from being saddened or depressed.

I feel this when things in my life are going perfect and couldn't be better. Right now is a good example. I just came into some money, I may have finally gotten some anti-depressants that work, and I have literally nothing in my life to worry about.

So why do I feel like sobbing? Why does this happen EVERY TIME that I should be jumping for joy and grinning ear-to-ear? Is this normal? Is there something wrong with my brain that triggers a "sadness" reaction to a "happiness" stimuli? Can this be fixed?  









 Lol

Like that. 
























 I have a couple of hobbies that I really enjoy, which are video games and video editing. Right now, I have nothing to do for the rest of the night, and instead of indulging myself in either of these activities, I can't find the will to do much other than pace back and forth across the room or sit on the edge of my bed literally doing nothing else.

Sucks. 



















 EDIT: Or really, any type of numerical or letter label that isn't what it appears. For example, different mediums have given varying representations of the "S" on Superman's chest. In the 1978 movie, it's described as the coat of arms of the House of El. 












































 I've been trying to wrap my head around this concept for a long time, and I got nothin.

Help me out. 




 Nature generally does its best to give a species good reason to continue reproducing, right? That's why sex feels so good, why we're attracted to certain people, etc.

If that's the case, why is childbirth so painful for women? Isn't that completely counterintuitive to what nature usually dictates? It could essentially be a logical reason for women to NOT want to give birth-- nature usually makes sure to, at the very least, not give someone a reason to not reproduce. 





























 Apparently, the word "Theory" is closer to the typical use of the word "Law" than "Theory." 














 Me: Squidward. Monotone voice, little tolerance for people acting silly for no reason (i.e., SpongeBobs), constant -_- facial expression

What about you? 




 I'll focus on the [Patterson-Gimlin film](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOxuRIfFs0w) a little bit, plus some basic zoology. If I'm wrong about anything, or you disagree with something ambiguous, feel free to say so. I don't necessarily believe everything I list below-- I'm just taking what I've heard and throwing it out there for you guys to go after in any way you see fit.

For:

* The alleged suit used in the P-G film has never turned up, even after 45 some odd years
* Many men have claimed to be "the guy in the suit," and their stories all contradict one another (although honestly, fake or not, this might be expected)
* In the P-G film, the alleged creatures has arms nearly as long as its legs, completely unlike a human, even one in a suit
* Some claim that if you look closely at the forehead, you can see the crest moving up and down, which would be indicative of muscles and skin, not rubber
* Some claim that Roger Patterson and Bob Gimlin simply did not have the resources to pull off such a massive, long-lasting hoax
* Some claim that the alleged creature seen in the P-G film walks in such a way that would be almost impossible for a human in a suit to replicate

Against:

* A minimal breeding population of large primates would have to number in the thousands, and if that's the case, there's very little chance that they could escape detection, especially for this long
* Primates do not swing their arms when they walk like in the P-G film
* There is no fossil evidence of anything that would fit the description of what we know as Bigfoot or Sasquatch
* Bodies are never found, nor is fecal matter
* Nests, colonies, etc. are also never seen or discovered
* Apes do not hibernate during cold winters, and as a result, it would be nearly impossible for a Bigfoot to survive an entire northwestern United States winter 




 How do you all feel about it? Fake? Real? A guy in a suit?

I've seen cases made for both sides, and I wanna hear what the members of this subreddit have to say on the subject. 














 But it's not why you think. Well, it might be.

I used to be the type of guy who would talk to random good-looking women in public at the drop of a hat. You know "Hey, how you doing?", make small talk, attempt to get phone number. I was almost always woefully unsuccessful, but I generally didn't get discouraged.

Anyways, eventually, I realized that I had to draw the line at some point. So the fact that I had very little success, plus the fact that I know I'd make a shitty boyfriend anyway, made me decide to stop coming onto women at all.

Anyways, I was walking home from the store today, and I saw a cute chick. She wasn't super hot or anything, but she'd have been worth talking to if I didn't have my personal decision not to do so. We were both standing at the corner, trying to cross a busy intersection, but the traffic took a while to slow down enough for us to get across the street.

Of course, me being stupid, I couldn't help myself.

I said "This intersection could use another stop sign, couldn't it?" and smiled slightly. I don't know why I said it, but I do know that I had absolutely no desire to try and sweet-talk her.

But nobody told my brain, apparently. Because at that point, she agreed and laughed, at which point we were both able to cross the street. I walked back the way I was going and didn't pay her any attention, but I felt sick to my stomach that I didn't take the opportunity to hit on her. This was over an hour ago, and I still feel like crap.

tl;dr- [This](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3rbso0/) is what happens if I interact in any way with any attractive woman ever.

Fuck you, scumbag brain.

**EDIT:** Well, at least I can use this situation to confirm that I'm definitely forever alone. It's good to know.

You're okay, scumbag brain. 




 These videos are clips that I've recorded from my television with a capture device.

Not only am I a little (read: a lot) over my head with the sheer number of files I've recorded, but they also are all in 1080i high definition. My computer isn't built to play that type of video smoothly, so watching them at all is a chore and it's almost impossible to do so without significant skipping.

Does anyone have any advice for how I should go about this?

Thanks. 



















 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

Ask me anything that you can think of about this. Nothing's off limits. 



















 I live in the Philadelphia area and just want a psychiatric assessment and medical diagnosis. I don't need therapy or counseling or anything.

I tried using Google, but I couldn't find anything. Maybe someone who's more experienced with this can help. 









 For example, a police officer. Say a cop pulled over a woman because her car matches the description of a vehicle they're looking for. Turns out, wrong car.

The cop flirts with the woman and gives her his phone number (not taking forever to do, so that he can get back to patrolling), all while being recorded on the dash cam. Would he be reprimanded? 














 Plus, I got a good laugh from the doctor after the procedure. I told him I understand why they say you shouldn't drive, but I feel like I could walk home or take a bus. He responds, "Well, some people get drunk and think they can beat up Mike Tyson. That's how you sound right now."

I couldn't help but laugh out loud. 









 I've never blacked out for any reason, and my last girlfriend used to black out randomly... it sort of piqued my interest, because she'd always be able to tell me right before it happens.

Educate me, Reddit. 




 I mean the type of depression where you rarely feel any semblance of happiness. How does it feel to be "cured"? What's it like? 














 Apparently, one can be arrested for animal cruelty if he/she cooks or attempts to cook a cat or dog, but not other animals such as lobsters.

What's the difference? Am I missing something? 




 I have this constant paranoia that something strange happening means I'm coming down with dementia or psychosis. 




 I'm no psychopharmacologist or anyone who'd be considered halfway knowledgeable in this field.

I have to take over-the-counter sleep aids for my insomnia (which I haven't been "officially" diagnosed with-- I just know I have trouble sleeping without sedatives), and I have been doing so regularly for at least two years.

The maximum recommended dosage of diphenhydramine HCL (the main active ingredient) is 50 MG. I took 100 MG all at once about two hours ago (my body's built up a tolerance). I feel slightly sleepy.

I don't want to keep doing this because I feel like it could become dangerous (although I haven't started hallucinating yet, which I understand is the main side effect of an overdose).

If I get treated successfully for depression, will my insomnia wear off too, if it's a result of depression? 



















 There have been certain times where my success rate increased/decreased in a certain environment (or maybe based on some other deviation).

Ask me anything. 









 I'm speaking of Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City.

The combat system I mentioned is how the game engine allows you to dodge and counter enemy attacks in real time with specific animations for doing so, as opposed to having generic "Block" and/or "Roll" options.

Which next-gen games have combat systems like this?

Thanks. 




 For example, I wear jeans like lots of people do, but I only wear black jeans. 














 Background info:

I'm not a virgin, although I have only had sex with one woman (multiple times). I think she wasn't very good, because I didn't feel anything at all whenever we had intercourse.

She gave very good oral, but no matter how close I was to the point of orgasm/ejaculation, I could never cross the threshold so to speak. I never came. Not once.

As for the title, yes, I specified "while awake" since I have frequent wet dreams.

I also don't masturbate, but I get aroused and horny like one would expect. I watch sleep fetish porn (I have somnophilia-- a fetish for sleeping/unconscious women).

I found some really good material tonight after I started to look for more since I couldn't sleep (that's gotta be ironic somehow). While I was watching, I was getting closer to the point of orgasm than I usually get while watching porn, but I still didn't think I'd cum.

Then, all of a sudden, it happened. It was (obviously) a feeling I'd never experienced before, and it caught me off guard. I was basically going O_O the whole time.

Ask me anything. 




 Background info:

I'm not a virgin, although I have only had sex with one woman (multiple times). I think she wasn't very good, because I didn't feel anything at all whenever we had intercourse.

She gave very good oral, but no matter how close I was to the point of orgasm/ejaculation, I could never cross the threshold so to speak. I never came. Not once.

As for the title, yes, I specified "while awake" since I have frequent wet dreams.

I also don't masturbate, but I get aroused and horny like one would expect. I watch sleep fetish porn (I have somnophilia-- a fetish for sleeping/unconscious women).

I found some really good material tonight after I started to look for more since I couldn't sleep (that's gotta be ironic somehow). While I was watching, I was getting closer to the point of orgasm than I usually get while watching porn, but I still didn't think I'd cum.

Then, all of a sudden, it happened. It was (obviously) a feeling I'd never experienced before, and it caught me off guard. I was basically going O_O the whole time.

Ask me anything. 




 I know Watterson has said that he doesn't think of Hobbes as either a doll who comes to life when only Calvin is around, nor a stuffed animal who's only real from Calvin's perspective. But I see evidence that, in my opinion, **Hobbes is a stuffed animal whose personality, in the sense of Calvin's imagination, represents Calvin's moral, rational, conservative side**. I'll explain why below.

Throughout the entire Calvin And Hobbes series, Hobbes doesn't once address Calvin's parents. This is because Calvin, essentially (according to my theory, which I'm by no means citing as fact), is both Calvin AND Hobbes. He can't talk to his parents as "Hobbes" because he's too busy being "Calvin."

Speaking of Hobbes interacting with people other than Calvin... not even Calvin's **duplicates** acknowledge Hobbes' existence. You would think that if Hobbes was a real tiger in any way, shape or form, Calvin's clones would be able to talk to him and view him as a real tiger.

Also consider this-- whenever (even though it rarely happens) we see Hobbes writing, his handwriting is eerily similar to Calvin's. This is what first tipped me off that "Real tiger" Hobbes and Calvin are basically the same person.

Hobbes also disagrees with a lot of Calvin's plans, but goes along with them anyway. Hobbes actually likes girls, unlike Calvin, but yet he's still the First Tiger and "El Presidente" of GROSS. Many fans have speculated that Calvin secretly has a crush on Susie-- perhaps he expresses this through Hobbes.

Some might argue, "Don't you remember how Calvin said that Hobbes can climb to the tree fort where they hold their GROSS meetings, and Calvin himself can't?" This is a good point. As silly as it sounds, I honestly think Calvin just throws Hobbes up into the fort, which would explain how he can reach the fort "without climbing." When we [actually see](http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1987/07/26) Hobbes attempt to climb a tree, he's unable to.

Hobbes also shares many of Calvin's opinions and "knowledge," despite the two being so different on the surface. Hobbes helps Calvin cheat in class at least once (despite Hobbes being morally upstanding for the most part), he does his homework and gets the answers just as wrong as Calvin, if not worse (once answering "Atlanta, Georgia" to a subtraction problem), and he believes in Santa Claus.

You'll also notice that Hobbes almost NEVER refers to Calvin by name. Everyone else in the strip does-- Susie, Mom, Dad, Miss Wormwood, Moe, even the principal of Calvin's school. But not Hobbes. Because why would Calvin refer to himself by name? Calvin, however, *does* refer to Hobbes by name on a regular basis.

Like I said, I know a lot of people might feel like I'm "devaluing" the strip by formulating and writing up this theory, and you're certainly entitled to that opinion. But I'd ask that you don't drag this post down by making excessively negative comments.

Thank you. 




 I also am not a virgin, and I have frequent wet dreams (they don't even have to be sex dreams when my body decides to unload while I'm sleeping).

I feel the need to make one of these every time my body reminds me how strange I am by making me wake up wet and sticky.

Ask away. Nothing's off limits. 



















 My friend just told me that an attractive woman was working at the store across the street from my house. I had to loan my Debit card to my dad (long story), so I only had three bucks in cash. I needed bread anyway, so I figured I'd buy a loaf and make a move while I paid for it. In, out, easy.

I get to the store, find out that they're $3.39 each (but also buy one, get one free, so eh). After asking the attractive girl in question and realizing I didn't have enough cash, I had to go back to the house and grab 50 cents in quarters.

I figured it was okay, though. She held on to the loaf of bread, so now I have an excuse to get in her line as opposed to another one. I grab another loaf of bread and wait in her line.

Then one of her co-workers opens another line. I offer to let the person in front of me go first so that I could stay in the line I was in, but he had a full cart and I only had one loaf of bread. Then I tried to use the "But [attractive girl] has my other loaf of bread. She's holding it hostage," and gave a forced laugh.

Her co-worker, totally oblivious to what I was trying to do (understandably-- she had no way to know), cheerfully said "Oh, that's okay!" and took the first loaf of bread from the girl I had gone to talk to. So now I was stuck in this new line, and had to leave the store without even coming close to making a move, AND I looked kinda stupid/poor/both for not having more than three dollars in cash on me.

**tl;dr-** Went to store across the street to talk to hot chick and buy bread. Didn't have enough for bread. Had to go back home to get more. She ended up not even ringing me up. 



















 Possibly misattributed, but a good quote nonetheless in my opinion. 
























 Is this indicative of how ancient man perceived right-handedness as "normal" and left-handedness as uncouth? 




 I watch sleep fetish porn (i.e., porn with "sleeping" girls being fucked), and in at least half of the videos I've seen, the guy tricks the girl into taking sleeping pills, which promptly knock her completely unconscious within about 3 minutes.

I take sleep aids every night for insomnia, and not only do they not put you in a state of complete blackout to the point that a man can ravage you sexually without you awakening, but they take at least a half hour before you even START to feel anything. 














 I went to the store and noticed an attractive young lady working the cash register. I smiled at her, made small talk, and paid for my items. As I was leaving, I doubled back and asked if I could take her out for coffee. She smiled and said yes, but seemed hesitant. 

I told her that she didn't sound as if she was sure of her answer. Then, sort of randomly, she said "This is kind of inappropriate..." I asked her how so. She quickly changed the subject and said "I don't even like coffee!"

I calmly told her that she didn't have to actually get coffee if we went out. At this point, she said "Sure, we can go to Starbucks one day." Almost as if she was trying to get rid of me. But she said yes, so I asked for her phone number. She asked me to get it from one of my friends who had been in the store with me, but who had left before I doubled back to talk to her.

I could tell something was wrong, so I just told her I'd come back later. 

My friend was waiting outside, and he said he'd hook me up.

Sure enough, later that night, he came by later, along with her and a couple other people. We hung out for a little while and played cards, but eventually, me and the girl got in an argument because she said something about her boyfriend. I took exception because I felt that she was wrong for saying yes to me when I asked her out if she's with someone.

She claimed that she "liked my approach" so much that she just instinctively agreed to go out with me. I was confused and a little annoyed, because I felt like if you're with someone, you don't just forget that you have a boy/girlfriend. You just say "No thank you, I'm in a relationship right now."

I felt like I was being led on unfairly.

What think, Reddit? 









 This is the first time in an extremely long time that I've ever felt un-depressed for a long period of time. I had five friends over-- nothing huge. It wasn't a giant party or anything. But they smoked and drank (I did neither-- you can have fun without those things), we played cards for a little while... hell, me and one of the girls got in a little bit of an argument, but by the end of night, we hugged and made up (at her request, even).

Anyways, through all my rambling, the point is that I had fun. I'm not a social person. I would never call myself that and neither would anyone who knows me. Being alone is usually the only time I can say I'm close to being happy, and I think that this probably applies to a lot of people here. 

What I'm saying is that you might, just might, have a good time if you hang out with the right people. If you don't like to have jokes played on you or to be ribbed/talked about by your friends, even in a sort of friendly way, don't put yourself around those types of people.

Find guys (or girls, or both) that you get along well with and who won't start any problems. People that will be mellow and won't ruin your good time. People who will make sure you're enjoying yourself and not let you stay depressed.

tl;dr- Socialize with the right people. There's a good chance that you'll enjoy yourself, and you won't feel depressed. 









 She's constantly nice to Calvin, she wants to spend time with him and lets him in her house even though he almost always treats her like crap.

I can't believe I didn't realize this sooner. 




 The only thing I can remember is a huge blizzard we had in Philadelphia in the early 90s I think. 36 or so inches of snow.

I didn't care because I stayed in the house all day anyway. 




 I listen to mostly rap music. I live in "the hood." I know people who sell drugs (and I know a little about the drug game). I've stared down the wrong end of a revolver and was once the owner of a shotgun (although I never had to so much as load it).

And I'm also a huge internet nerd. Ask me stuff. 




 What is it about the look-- the glasses, the professional attire-- that satisfies so many men? 




 http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Homophone?s=t

*a word pronounced the same as another but differing in meaning, whether spelled the same way or not, as heir and air.*

* Lichen/liken
* Undue/undo 









 My first "girlfriend" (although she'd probably say otherwise since the relationship was so short) once saw a good-looking girl around my age working the register while we were shopping for clothes. The girl I was with knew that I have no qualms about making small talk with hot women in public, so we had this doozy of a conversation:

* Her: Don't talk to that cashier when we get to the counter.
* Me: And what if I do?
* Her: Then I might have to cut her eyes out.
* Me: O_O...

So of course, when we got to the front, I talked to her anyway. I didn't flirt-- I was just making small talk. "Hey, how are you," that sort of thing. I even made her laugh when I remarked about Mondays being terrible or something or another.

Anyway, the girl I was with leaned up and whispered in my ear, harshly, "What did I tell you?"

I didn't say anything. I was laughing hard on the inside, though. Then I decided to give her a test, since I knew she wasn't one for public displays of affection:

* Me: Put your arm around me.
* Her: ... no.
* Me: Do it, or I'm gonna start talking to her again.

At this point, she put a death grip on my arm that I will never forget. I was shocked, amazed and flattered at the same time.

I also knew I had to break it off with this crazy bitch. 
























 My roommate is on the phone right now with some girl, talking about "taking care of her" because apparently she's sick or something. So far, he's lied about his age, height, and relationship status (he has a "girlfriend" who he cheats on regularly).

I think if I wasn't making this post, I would have leapt up and screamed "SHUT THE FUCK UP!" by now.

If I'm on a diet (especially an unwilling one), don't eat sweets around me. 




 I was in math class about 6 or 7 years ago (I was around 16), and I sat behind a girl I really, really liked. She was very pretty, but she was actually a grade ahead of me, so I was even more scared to talk to her than usual. One day after the bell rang, she started talking to one of my (few) friends, and when the girl I liked looked at me, I knew my friend had told her I liked her.

She walked over to me, and of course, my heart was ready to leap out of my chest. She asked me with a smile, "Do you really want to ask me out?"

I said, "Yeah, but you'd never go on a date with me..."

She responded, "How do you know if you don't ask?", still smiling.

I hesitated, looked into her eyes, and sighed. "Would you like to go out with me?"

She continued to smile and simply said, "I'd love to."

I melted. 














 I've signed up for FetLife and joined this group:

https://fetlife.com/groups/6837

But I figure the more communities I find, the better my chances of finding a woman with whom to fulfill this fetish. 




 I can't find anything on the site itself (or the Wiki page-- I am very new to the site in all fairness, however).

Has anyone met someone on FetLife, or know someone who's done so?

Thanks. 









 My doctor prescribed me a brand of anti-depressants about two months ago. The first few doses were small, so my body could acclimate gradually. Taking it for the first time made me feel high (in a psychoactive way, not in a "The opposite of low, I'm super happy" way). Didn't make me feel "un-depressed," though.

As my system got used to the effects, they lessened until I stopped feeling anything from them at all. I was still depressed, even taking doses that were four times larger than when I started (40 MG compared to 10 at the beginning).

I stopped taking them cold turkey about a week ago because I couldn't afford to pay for them anymore. I feel no different now than I did while I was taking them, nor compared to before I first took them.

I'm looking into counseling, which could lead to better treatment, but I've been depressed for like 10 years. I'm convinced it's too late for me, so I shouldn't even bother.

Thoughts? 









 A representative just came to my door, gave me a gift basket, paid me a $20 "incentive," and bought me and my roommate pizza for participating. Everything seemed absolutely legit-- he left plenty of paperwork explaining everything, a business card, didn't make us pay anything or ask for personal information like a social security number.

Ask me anything. 




 I find myself having to create the same post multiple times if I want more feedback on it. This would avoid that, especially since doing so sometimes gets you bombarded with "REPOST" comments. 







































 This is easier. Besides, I have a 65" rear projection television that isn't going anywhere any time soon.

Go ahead, make fun of me for not having a flatscreen. 




 Wouldn't the Dayman be better? He's a master of karate and friendship. 




 Tried it. 




 .... dude. Give me some useful advice or GTFO.

Everyone knows you can't trust a pilgrim. He'll just steal all my land. 




 He's somewhere in the far corner of the basement, near the back of the house. The only way I could get anything into the area between the   basement ceiling and the floor is a vent on the first floor, which isn't near where he is, or a small opening on the opposite side of the basement.

There aren't any openings or vents or anything in or near where this little bastard is camping out. I don't wanna just spray that area and he responds like "Bitch, please." 




 It's the only room that doesn't let in sunlight during the day. I hate light. 




 I don't own any :-( 




 I live alone in a two story house. My bedroom is in the basement, and Jiminy Cricket appears to be between the basement ceiling and the first-story floor.

There's no way I can get up there to track him down, and if he chirps one more time, I'm gonna burn this goddamn house to the ground.

Any tips?

Thanks. 




 I *still* don't know what the actual Morpheus quote is that his meme is based on. 




 I have a shit-load of video files in my Vuze's Xbox 360 library, and I want to be able to separate them within Vuze. Maybe create folders to put them in. Is that possible? 




 What was the actual quote from the movie that was misconstrued in the making of this meme? 




  -Cliche question, but is your dad confidence/brave enough to pull up to a street ball game in the hood and wager to win?

I assume you mean during his time as a pro athlete? 




 Very good question. I'm eager to hear his answer to this one.

Keep em coming, guys. These questions are really intriguing. 




 Amongst players, or people in general? 




 Just NBA, or NBA, NCAA, on the streets, etc.? 




 In the next couple of days at the very least. I hope that's not too late. If so, I guess I can re-post this. 




 That's gonna be a fun one. Can't wait to ask him that the next time I see him. 




 Could you elaborate more? Do you mean as in when he started playing seriously and developing his skills, or just when he started shooting around on milk crates as a pre-teen? 




 _____________

Maybe I should have titled this "AMAA." 




 Backstory if you want:

From Philadelphia, played for the Boston Celtics for only one year before a knee injury. Wasn't as good after his knee was repaired, so he played overseas (mostly in Argentina) for roughly 10 years.

Went to Rutgers Camden in New Jersey, shattered pretty much every basketball record that ever existed there, and is the only player alumus to be drafted by the NBA.

He's about 6'5, I (24M) go about 6'4, and he's about to turn 60. Why this seemingly random information? To let you know that despite being damn near three times my age... I can't beat him one-on-one. He plays every day at the crack of dawn and has the best jump shot I've ever seen in person. If you've never seen an NBA player just shoot around casually (even way past his prime), it's absolutely amazing. They're pretty much superhumans compared to us, even guys like my dad who weren't superstars.

So go ahead. AMA!

**EDIT:** A minor caveat. I did say "AMA," but there are some questions that he might not be willing to answer, so if that's the case, I'll just tell the person who asked.

Basically, I'm saying all questions are fair game, but I can't guarantee he'll answer them all. 




 Ah, okay.

Thanks again. 




 What do you mean? 




 Thanks for the hasty response.

If I take in the actual cooler, do you think they'd be able to match up an adapter for it? 




 I am broke as all hell and can't shell out the money for a can of compressed air. I've even asked people I know if they have one I can borrow, and no dice.

Is this safe or no?

Thanks, guys. 




 I don't know if you even remember this message, but I was looking into 12vdc cables to replace the one on my [laptop cooler](http://www.amazon.com/Gaming-Laptop-Cooling-Turbine-SGA-4000-KKNF1/dp/B004G603E2) that shorted out, like you had recommended.

Did a quick [Google search](https://www.google.com/search?q=12vdc ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8 aq=t rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official client=firefox-a channel=fflb) and a whole bunch of stuff came up. Will any cord work? If not, how do I make sure I get the right one?

Thanks. 




  Are all the files contained within a single folder or are you trying to identify duplicates across multiple folders?

Many, many folders (hundreds), across two internal hard drives.

 Are you considering all traits of a file when identifying duplicates? Ie. if you have two documents which are identacle in every way except the filename of one is Document.docx and the other is Document (1).docx, are they still considered duplicates?

The program I use, Digital Volcano's Duplicate Cleaner, can search for:

* Same file name
* Same content
* Same artist/title/album (audio)
* Same size
* Same created date
* Same modified date

 What duplicate-finder programs have you already tried which seem to be so slow?

See above.

**EDIT:** For what it's worth, I wouldn't mind doing this in segments as opposed to all at once. I know I can break it down and tell the program to only check for duplicates in such-and-such a folder, or time period, or file size, etc., but that might exclude files that aren't in the search parameters that actually are duplicates. 




 Most duplicate-finder programs take an extremely long time to scan all of my files (which is understandable, since I have so many). Is there any way or any program that's made to find duplicate files on large hard drives in an efficient manner?

Thanks. 




 Sorry if this seems like a silly question to people with more knowledge than I have, but I just don't get it. 




 Yeah, that's fine. No rush.

Thanks. 




 Will you be on in a few hours? I might not be able to test this right now. 




 Ah, I gotcha. [Here's what I got under "Show Statistics."](http://4.imgland.net/IKGUct.png) 




  I would try OpenDNS' IPs just to check (208.67.222.222; 208.67.220.220), and maybe remove the IPv6 DNS settings.

So I should set those IP addresses under my IPv4? And how exactly do I remove the IPv6 DNS? Just choose "Obtain DNS server address automatically"?

 Also, are those settings in your router what Comcast told you to use? I would use (Get dynamically from ISP) unless told otherwise.

I changed it to static in an attempt to [fix a problem I had connecting to online games over Xbox Live.](http://www.pcworld.com/article/242961/how_to_open_up_nat_settings_on_your_xbox_360.html) But I still had the problem in the OP before changing it.

 EDIT: Also, just a minor niggle, probably nothing: Set DNS through EITHER the computer's or the router's settings (preferably the latter).

If I do it through the router, should I just leave everything under "Network and Sharing" (on my laptop) at default or "Obtain automatically from ISP" or whatever? 




 You mean as in, if I had my laptop connected directly to the modem? I haven't tried that, but will do if nothing else works. 




 * [LAN](http://4.imgland.net/E5ddl5.png)
* [WAN](http://4.imgland.net/JTRijW.png)
* [Router status](http://4.imgland.net/mF6jax.png)

I wasn't sure exactly where to go, so I figured I'd just give these a shot. Hopefully one of them is right. If not, would you mind telling me exactly where to find the connection info you referred to? 




 Should I post a cap of my proxy settings? 




 First, initial basics-- Comcast provides my internet, and I use the internet on my laptop with a wireless connection via router.

The router and modem are no more than ten feet away from my laptop at all times, which (I believe) eliminates the possibility of a weak signal (plus the fact that whenever I check the properties of my connection, the signal strength is maxed out).

This also allows me to constantly monitor the status of my connection by looking at the router/modem-- whenever my internet stops working, everything is the same as when it is working. Connection lights are lit, all status lights are green and not blinking, etc. The "wireless connection" logo in the bottom right-hand corner of my screen also stays the same (no yellow triangle with the ! inside).

To specify what I mean when I say my internet "goes out": At random times during the day (I have yet to figure out any type of pattern), web pages won't load, and internet-based programs/devices (instant messenger, torrents, Xbox Live, etc.) will not connect to the internet. However, if any of those programs are *already* running when the internet goes out, they'll continue working; but if I close the program and tried to start it back up during the down time, it won't work. Hope I explained that well. Pretty much, anything that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (unlike websites) will continue to work even during this down time.

I attempted to change my IP addresses with [Google DNS](https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/docs/using#setup). Here are some screencaps of my settings:

* [IPv4 settings](http://2.imgland.net/a97T--.png)
* [IPv6 settings](http://2.imgland.net/sje9LH.png)
* [Connection details](http://2.imgland.net/0p-n45.png)
* [Connection status](http://2.imgland.net/I5Dvl0.png)
* [Basic settings (via router interface page)](http://3.imgland.net/f3F5a0.png)

Any help would be appreciated. If you need any more info, feel free to let me know if I left something out. 




 I think Insanity Wolf saw this and pissed himself. 




 Okay. 'Murica?

I thought that maybe there's some kind of official process that the majority of the world uses. 









 I have videos (MKV and M2TS, mostly) that are anywhere from 1-3 gigs in size, and I need to convert them to MP4 (or AVI, I think) format so I can stream them to my Xbox 360. I used this program at the behest of a user on this subreddit, and it worked much better than software I had used in the past. It generally takes no longer than 10 minutes to convert (since it doesn't reconvert or transcode if it's in H264 already) despite the fact that most of my files are at least an hour long.

MkvtoMp4 converts M2TS files fine-- no issues with the sync of the audio and video. Converting MKV files, however, is a different story entirely. Every time, the audio is always about two seconds ahead of the video. I've tried changing certain settings, but nothing has worked so far. I've used search engines to troubleshoot, but haven't had any success.

Does anyone know a possible solution, or perhaps an alternative piece of software?

Thanks. 




 All while pretending that if you don't do everything in time, the refrigerator door will slice your arm off, right? 




 If you open it less than halfway, my refrigerator door closes slowly, like gravity is pulling it.

But now that you mention it, I do not how it does that o_o 




 If not, I'm a weirdo, and I can live with that. 




 This thread didn't go as well as I'd hoped... 




 Store owner: Go away! Stop holding door! You let flies in! 




 How are there over 1,000 people who felt such disapproval with this thread that they couldn't even ignore it and go on with their day, and instead took time out of their browsing to actually downvote the submission? 




  You can't do it externally; you can't set some kind of option to control the pace of the game, but the pace can change over time.

Yeah, I didn't mean like that. I just meant, for example, if someone's rushing you constantly, you can use counters and/or powerful attacks to keep distance between yourself and your opponent and make them play at your pace. 




 "Damn, bitch. That's a shitty tattoo."

"It's a picture of Jesus."

"... fuck." 




 Yeah, but most fighting games generally have a constant pace that it's "supposed" to be played at, right? Like, you can't turn a match into a slow, methodical, systematic fight, or a fast-paced, offense-oriented, depending on what you're good at/what you prefer.

Can you? 




 Now, is he saying he'd encase the immortal in an ocean of concrete, or that he'd give him/her/it the cliche "cement shoes in the ocean" treatment?

And what would stop the immortal from dragging you down with it? You'll drown eventually. The immortal won't. 




 Maybe I'm kind of weird, too picky, or whatever, but I've always loved this in any type of competitive game, but mostly fighters.

Games with matches against one-on-one opponents, where you can take your time, play defense when you need/want to (by using an opponent's moves against them if you're good at countering/blocking, for example), and at times you try to out-think your opponent instead of doing everything physically and/or frantically. That's normally what a real fight between two professional fighters is like. 

Am I mistaken here and most fighting games actually are like that? Are there certain fighting-game franchises (or iterations of franchises) that have this feel more than others? How do they achieve that type of gameplay successfully while still retaining the fun factor? And lastly, does anyone disagree with my opinion on this? 









 I'd tell him that I'm going to end his undefeated streak and I'd make a big deal about it every week and try to convince everyone that it will happen. Then I'd give it my all on the day of the battle and probably end up losing when I make a critical mistake or when I get too tired/beaten-up to continue.

... oh wait, that's Undertaker at WrestleMania. Nevermind. 




 Find something you're good at that others around you aren't, and offer to do it for people, for a small fee. For example: fixing computers, home improvement, car repair (or even washing/waxing cars), lawn care, etc.

The only thing is you wouldn't be licensed at any of these positions, thus you'd likely have no insurance. You need to let potential customers know this fact immediately and make sure they understand. Also, charge them less than an insured company would, obviously, to make up for the fact that you have none. 




 Sorry if this is really obvious to a lot of people. I don't own a smartphone, and whenever I borrow someone else's, I'm amazed at how the phone knows how I'm holding it. 




 You might have jumped the gun with this response just a tiny bit... 




 How the fuck are you not fired yet? 









 Would you accept it? Would you try to prove yourself wrong? How would you do it? 




 All while someone tries to take the hook out and probably makes the wound worse at least half the time?

Does it not hurt them? 









 Close enough. 




 Did that first bee take a bath in a tub of Cheetohs? 




 http://i.lvme.me/6boekf5.jpg 




 Well-played. Not even gonna lie, this made me laugh. 




 Admittedly, I only got it because my friend has worked there for five years, and he vouched for me before I even did all of this 














 It is, if you can afford it. 




 Then give me Option B. I don't see how watching a gruesome death once every seven days would be as much of a detriment than having no arms or hands.

I bet some people watch slasher/horror movies more often than once a week. 




 A blowjob.

I'm very lonely. 




 Can I get prosthetics? 




 Another user proves my point. There's a difference between being chronically depressed and "not being in the mood to do it." That's an excuse a girlfriend uses when she doesn't feel like fucking.

What if I'm so miserable and pissed while I'm there that I try to just keep to myself and pretend I'm not there, but people keep trying to talk to me, and then I have a massive panic attack?

Different story, right? Thought so. 




 I hope this doesn't turn into one of those "On the Hunt for Bigfoot" shows. Nobody ever finds any hard evidence. We'd have *heard about it already.*

Granted, I didn't read the article because I"m tired. 




  Do you really want to know how it is to have special needs? I bet not.

I **DO** have special needs. You're proving my point. Special needs are the same, psychologically or physically. My ailments might not keep me from being able to walk, but physical illness doesn't turn your world into a nightmarish abyss where no one understands you and anything bad or uncomfortable that happens to you can trigger a massive panic attack. 




  People are shit to people in wheelchairs, **the absolute majority only helps if it's their job to help.**

Or if they're family.

Unless you think every parent in the world would ignore their child's needs if the child was temporarily confined to a wheelchair and unable to walk. 




 But I want someone I'm comfortable talking to. Hell, I'm not even comfortable talking to my father about this, and I'm as close to him as anyone. That's probably at least partially due to the fact that he just doesn't get it (plus he grew up teaching me the whole cliche "Men are supposed to man up and bitch-slap their emotions whenever they feel sad" thing).

He and I just think way too differently for him to relate, and it's incredibly frustrating. 




  For video editing etc yes I would look for professional series cards like the nVidia Quadro series

The laptop I'm using now has an NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M, and it gets about as hot as the surface of the sun.

 If either are located on the bottom of the laptop your cooling is going to suffer severely whenever the laptop is sitting flat on a table etc.

Would that apply if it was on a laptop cooler? 




 Tried therapy. Wasn't surprised it didn't work. I hate talking to people about my problems, especially people I don't know. 




 I hate light. I actually used to be terrified of the dark, but now it comforts me.

I live, alone, in the basement of this two-story house because it's the only room that doesn't let in sunlight. 




  People aren't going to cater to you just because your depressed

"People aren't going to cater to you just because you're in a wheelchair." 




  And the drowning man will sink should he not use his arms to swim.

And I am swimming. I'm taking psychiatric medicines and talking to my physician weekly about my mental health.

But going to this wedding would make the metaphorical "current" stronger and harder to swim against, if not just temporarily. 




   if you don't go you'll feel shitty in your comfort zone and wallow in it for who knows how long

I wallow in depression already.

"A drowning man cares not about the rain." 




 You guys are here, and that's great. I appreciate it. But support from strangers on the internet can only go so far.

As far as meeting people, I don't want to meet people. I hate people. People are the reason I spend 18 hours a day locked in a room with no light and ignoring almost any call I receive on my cell phone.

I can almost guarantee that forcing myself to go would do more harm than good for me. The only reason I'm even considering it is because I owe my dad big time. He is truly the *only* reason I have a roof over my head and food on my plate. He refused to abandon me when I was in desperate straits, and he goes beyond that very often (for example, allowing me to live in the house he owns, rent-free).

So basically, I'll feel like shit if I don't go because he's done so much for me and I'd feel like an asshole for disappointing him.

Or, I can feel like shit if I do go, because it'll be boring, because I hate crowds, I hate people, and I hate being out of my comfort zone. 




  is true strength really a single beam bearing an unbearable load until it can bear no longer, or is true strength having the faith in your fellow man to be able to show your weakness, and be helped by them.

Who's gonna help? Nobody. The best my father does (and I appreciate it) is help me out when I need money for my meds. Other than that, he thinks this whole issue of psychological imbalance isn't even real.

Us 20-somethings (or at least myself and most people I've seen) have parents who come from a generation where a lot of people thought depression/anxiety/mental disorders were all either fake excuses for laziness, a product of literal insanity, or simply hypochondria. I really wish people would read up on things or ask around. My dad's not an idiot, he's just used to old-fashioned values and beliefs. But he's not much of a reader or one to watch educational/documentary programs.

I just want someone, ONE PERSON IN MY LIFE, to understand that having severe depression/anxiety/both is just as bad as being terribly ill physically.

Instead, they think it's not, because there are very few palpable physical symptoms, many of the habits that occur because of depression can be easily confused with laziness, and if you're extremely unhealthy psychologically, you don't need to go to a hospital to stay alive (with obvious exceptions). 




  So, apart from the whole smoke and mirrors raging at life thing, why do you actually not want to go?

I don't understand what you mean by "smoke and mirrors," but it's simple.

This (my home) is my comfort zone. My mind doesn't like it very much when I leave my comfort zone. I need to stay in it as often as possible to avoid spending the rest of my life in a straitjacket.

The only time I'm willing to drag my broken, psychologically crippled ass out of bed is to go buy something I want/need, or to go to work. I don't think it's asking too much that I wish to remain in solitude otherwise. 




 That might have been your brain just thinking crazy (no offense) thoughts because it knew you wouldn't act on it, since you couldn't, what with the building being only two stories.

If you lived on the 28th floor of an apartment building and looked out the window, I'd be willing to bet that you wouldn't have that sudden, out-of-nowhere urge to jump.

But as others have said, there's no reason to take the chance and end up discovering that this isn't the case, before it's too late. Professional help is always good, and it's much less taboo/stigmatized than some people realize. 




 I have traits of a selfish, arrogant, condescending asshole, and I pretty much hate the entire world, but I would take a bullet for one person and one person only-- my father.

If it wasn't for him, I'd be penniless and homeless right now, having lost my job two years ago. He lets me live in the two-story house that he owns, while he and my stepmother live together a few minutes away. He's always willing to help me with anything even somewhat important, and he constantly refers to the home I live in as (and treats it as if it's) "My house," despite the fact that I haven't given him a dime in rent money.

Funny thing is, I've never been close to a situation like that where I'd have to potentially die to keep someone else from doing so. I don't know how I know I would do so for my father... I just know that I would. Without a doubt. 




 If it makes you feel better, your brain compounding negative occurrences with negative thoughts is actually your brain trying to help you.

http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/12yk37/how_i_feel_right_now/c6za4xk

I'm not 100% sure he's correct, but it seems plausible and makes sense to me.

My advice would be to see a doctor or a psychologist. The latter if you think talking to someone about your problems would help (a lot of people in your situation are the complete opposite, and it's understandable), or the former if you think psychiatric medication would be better (it's worked for me... kinda).

Hope you feel better. 




 A few months ago, I told my dad I'd go to my stepsister's wedding (Sunday, August 11th-- tomorrow as of this writing). I'm not close to her at all, or my stepmother, but my dad just married my stepmother and he really wants me to go.

One problem-- I feel like utter and complete shit right now because of recent events, and I know I'm gonna feel like shit tomorrow. I guarantee he's not gonna want to hear any of that, though. But if I was in the house coughing up blood, vomiting and having a fever of 102 degrees, I bet you he wouldn't give me shit about not going. Those physical ailments I just described are pretty much analogous to how I feel psychologically right now.

* "Man up and go."

* "Stop making excuses."

* "You're being ridiculous."

Would you say that to someone who was extremely sick physically? Of course not. But if you feel like shit psychologically, for some reason, it doesn't count.

Also note that I'm 24 years old and I live alone, so he made it clear that since I'm an independent adult, the choice is up to me. It's not a "If you don't go, I'm gonna beat your ass" or "I'll kick you out of the house if you don't go."

My dad is a really tough guy, and he doesn't show great sadness and such very often. But if I don't go, I get the feeling he'd be as close to heartbroken as he's been recently, because he (like many people) doesn't understand what depression and anxiety are like separately, much less combined. 

**EDIT:** Another reason he'd be really upset is that he'd think I was doing it out of selfishness, disrespect, or both, not because I feel terrible. Do you guys think there's any way to convince him otherwise? 




 So, in the future, should I look for a similar make and model of graphics card, just one that doesn't suck ass? What's the best way to tell before purchasing a laptop if the GPU will be able to handle the load that I'd put on it? 




 There is absolutely no hard evidence or physical proof at all. None. There's just speculation, assumptions, blatant untruths, misconceptions, etc.

Meanwhile, despite the onus being on the theists, there is MUCH better evidence for the lack of the Christian god's existence.

Put it like this-- I've said this before and I still think I'm right:

**There's more evidence to support the existence of Bigfoot than there is to support the existence of God.** 




 Save. Your. Fucking. Money. You. Retard.

-slap- 




  the only laptops in my experience that achieve mediocre success when it comes to idle temps are gaming laptops that have been designed to tolerate and perform under heavy system loads for extended periods of time.

It's funny, because I remember asking a few people if I should just get a gaming laptop so that I'll know the GPU and everything will be on point and able to handle a heavy load. They all said no, since gaming laptops are designed explicitly for gaming, and won't do as well with video editing as I thought.

Is that correct? 




 Very good explanation. Another thing to consider is that the free safety, being quicker and faster, is usually the last line of defense in a defense with only one player back.

He's also usually the better safety, between the two, at guarding receivers, so they may assign him to a WR if need be, where a strong safety is more likely to blitz or maybe pick up the running back. 




 The best explanations I've seen (which isn't saying much) are "Such-and-such happened, we don't know how, so it must have been God."

Things like evolution, or the fact that the Earth is almost perfectly positioned to support life, or the fact that atheist claim that the universe was created from nothing, etc. 




 What type of specs should I look for in a new laptop? GPU, CPU, RAM, etc. I need to be able to use high-end video editing programs (Sony Vegas, Adobe After Effects, etc.) without the computer feeling like it's about to burst into flames.

I assume the best GPUs are going to be in the most expensive laptops. 




 Remove dust how? Simply by hand?

I don't trust myself to do that. I'm not very... handy. I'm afraid I'll screw something up. 




 [This is what my GPU usually looks like after I've been browsing the web (no videos, no games, nothing that should stress the graphics card).](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/GPU2.png) Not good. So I decided to do the following:

Shut my computer off for the night (not sleep, not hibernate, completely shut down), and thus, it cooled down for a good 7-8 hours. Then, I turned it on, cut off my wireless internet connection so no programs that use the internet would activate automatically, and didn't run any programs save for three: Task Manager, Speccy (to monitor GPU), and Core Temp (to monitor processor cores).

After 58 minutes of idling (most of which was spent with the display turned off, since it automatically does so after two minutes-- just the display, not the computer itself. Like a screensaver), my GPU was at 65C, and my processor cores were at 59 and 60C respectively. I had absolutely no applications running (if you had looked in my Task Manager "Applications" tab, it would have been empty).

The computer was also hot to the touch, despite the fact that, just to make it clear, I didn't touch the computer once after starting it up and running the Task Manager, Speccy, and Core Temp.

Now, I know there a few possible solutions, and I have some questions about those.

* Compressed air to clean out potentially clogged fans/heat sinks. I'm REALLY broke right now, but I'm trying to scrounge the money to grab one or two. Let's say I do, and I use it, and it still overheats? Then what?

* I also have a laptop cooler that I used to use that actually helped keep the computer a little bit cooler, which is better than nothing. But there's a short in the power cord now, and I don't have any soldering tools or expertise to fix it myself. I tried to search the internet for somewhere I can buy just the power cord, since buying a new cooler would be pretty pointless. Nothing wrong with mine except the power cord. Does anyone know where I might be able to find a power cord for [this cooling pad?](http://www.amazon.com/Gaming-Laptop-Cooling-Turbine-SGA-4000-KKNF1/dp/B004G603E2) Also, is there maybe a common household item(s) that I can use until I get a new cord/cooler?

Thanks, and if I left anything out or wasn't clear, please let me know. 




 Would the lack of sunlight cause health issues? If not, gimme that. I love gray, cloudy days. The sun can eat a dick, making everything all bright and shit. 




 Thanks for the quick response. I'll probably have a little more to add to help you guys help me.

For shits and giggles, [here's my motherboard](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/Motherboard.png). I assume this is almost a direct result of the piece of trash NVIDIA calls a GPU.

No bueno. 




 A person's name affects their entire life?

Oh, boy... 




 I've never in my life seen so much embarrassing nonacceptance in one place. 




 Don't act like Hunter isn't a badass first name.

Triple H agrees. 




 Hey, guys. I don't accept other people's viewpoints on things! That makes me cool, right???? 




 None, because parents can name their kids whatever the fuck they want. 




 [Here's the specs on my GPU.](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/GPU2.png) I wasn't doing anything except browsing the web (no videos, no games, not even an animated smiley in an IM program). As such, you can see that it kinda sucks.

If I have the CPU idle, my GPU temp shouldn't ever go over like 40 or 50C, right?

Also, what's defined as idling? Would that be when the load is under a certain number (and, presumably, "System Idle Process" is in the 90s)? Can you leave a computer on as long as you want and still have it be considered idle? I was going restart the computer for the night so it cools all the way down, and then leave it on for 30 minutes with no programs running, except Speccy to monitor the GPU.

Good idea, bad idea? Did I have any misinformation above?

Thanks. 




 This only counts if you got her phone number. Unless you knew her already. But have an upvote anyway for the clever line. 




 Is there a way to check if background processes/bloatware are even the problem? I don't wanna go through all the processes and then find out it was never an issue.

My CPU generally stays at a load of 5 or below when I'm just browsing the internet or something. It's just that I think the video card overheats for no good reason, which overheats the motherboard, which makes my laptop feel like the surface of the sun to the touch.

**EDIT:** For example, right now, like I said, I'm doing nothing but browsing the web. I've got 12 tabs open, but nothing at all that should cause a heavy load. I'm running no other programs except Core Temp, Speccy, Yahoo IM, AIM, and Task Manager.

Despite this, my GPU is at 69C (very high, according to [this](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/GPU2.png)), and doesn't appear to have any plans to drop below that at all any time soon.

I'm not watching any videos, I'm not using anything like Sony Vegas or Adobe After Effects, and I'm not streaming anything anywhere. I'm convinced my GPU just sucks balls. 




  I think it's unfair to call someone's marriage that ends in divorce a result of solely bad decisions. People do change. 

I can understand that. I just have an aversion to the logic in the OP since it implies that the nature of marriage causes divorce, not the people who get married.

Kinda like the whole "Guns don't kill people, people kill people" thing. 




 I really don't like it when people say someone has such-and-such a chance of doing something because that's the average. If a person is careful who he/she marries, when he/she marries him/her, and makes sure that everything is as stable as it can be, I'd say they have a much better than 50/50 chance.

The fact that half of American marriages end in divorce, or whatever the hell the number is, has no bearing on a specific marriage. It's not the idea of marriage that causes it-- it's people's bad decisions. 




 Hehe, #3 looks like the Monopoly guy 




 I'm not an expert by any means, but I own several external HDDs, and all I do is plug em in, select the files I want, select "Copy," choose the (C:) or (E:) drive, and let the computer do the rest.

I don't know how many files you want to copy or how large in file size they are, so there may be a more efficient way. 




 Gotcha, I understand.

Thanks for being so patient with me. I really appreciate it. 




 There's really no way to do it without taking the laptop apart in some manner? 




 I'd probably end up killing myself, my computer, or both.

Let's say I do get my hands on some compressed air. What exactly should I do to ensure I clean the interior of my laptop as thoroughly as possible? 




  The fact is, you have a Dell, they've probably disabled whatever features, if any, might be used to safely downclock in software.

I thought underclocking would affect hardware, not software? 




 I know this will sound like I'm being stubborn, but I honestly do not have enough faith in myself to take apart and reassemble a laptop. I practically live on my computer, so if anything happened to it, I'd be pretty screwed. 




  What? Could you open up task manager and tell me which program or process is causing this?

It's always something that could not possibly be the cause, like Task Manager or Windows Explorer. The computer just overheats so much it can't even handle simple tasks for the time being.

**EDIT:** And what's the best way to disable background processes, and knowing which ones I should and shouldn't disable? And what's "bloatware"? 




 I'm telling you, I can't get ahold of a can of compressed air. Unless there's a common household item I can use as a substitute, this isn't happening unfortunately.  




 You mean like an external hard drive plugged into the USB? 




 [Overall system specs](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/Speccy.png)

[Motherboard](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/Motherboard.png)

[Processors](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/CPU.png)

[Graphics card](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/GPU.png)

All taken within the last 2 minutes.

Now, I've heard (and not necessarily saying I don't believe) that most high-end laptops can handle 100C without potential system damage. But the issue here is that the computer reaches temps as high as 80 or above (shown in screenshots), despite the fact that I only have the following programs open:

* AIM
* Yahoo IM
* Firefox (admittedly, 9 tabs, but just Google, a message board, Reddit, Wiki, and TV Tropes)
* uTorrent
* Task Manager

Now, I believe my graphics card (NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M) is known for being a piece of shit, mostly in terms of playing video... but I haven't watched any videos since I turned the computer on an hour ago (confirmed in Task Manager). I haven't run any other programs other than Speccy, which I closed after taking the above screenshots.

Like I said, I haven't done anything but browse a message board or two, as well as Reddit.

It seems like underclocking/undervolting are my only options. There's no way I can take my laptop apart to clean the fans (I have no experience whatsoever in doing so), and I can't get my hands on a cooling pad or a can of compressed air (long story).

How much can I underclock/undervolt? Is there a limit? I'd really like my laptop to stay below 60C at almost all times. If this means a sacrifice of performance, I can live with that. I just hate the feel of a scalding hot laptop (I can feel it even as I type), and it causes the computer's CPU Usage to jump to 100% at random times when I'm not doing anything that would consume enough power to take the laptop to full load.

Any comments, questions (if I left out important information or anything), suggestions, all are welcome.

Thanks, guys. 




 They may have been a friend at one point, but eventually, they became an enemy without your knowledge. 




 It does come from your enemies. You just don't know they're your enemies yet. 




 I have some pills I have to take three capsules of, three times a day. So what I do is I take 9 out of the big container, and put them into a smaller, empty container. That way, I have what I know is a day's worth in one container, so I know it should be empty before I go to sleep.

Not trying to steal OP's thunder, just something I thought I'd share. 




 Would you give him the money if he didn't graduate, or is it sort of a reward for finishing school? 




 Now we need touch screen spring-action phones

PROFIT 




 Firefox 22.0 




 Ah, sorry. Firefox 




 When I want to Google something, all I do is type a word or phrase in the address bar and press Enter, and it searches for it on Google.

Somehow, and I honestly can't remember how, it got changed from going to Google to AOL. Can I change it back? 




 I wanted one of those so bad. And tbqh, I still do. 




 Touche. But it wasn't in the form of a question I WIN!

_ 




 So, who's gonna make the lewd comment about the boy's mother saying his jacket smelled like "bush"? Any takers? Going once... 




 What if I told you it's supposed to be? 









 Isn't it illegal, via the terms of service of most sites like this, that you don't share your account with anyone? 














 My internet goes out randomly for 2-3 minutes at a time, and I've determined that it's not some kind of electronic interference from other appliances, it's not the internet connection itself, and it's not the signal strength.

As such, I was suggested to change what's apparently called my "DNS switchboard" from my ISP to Google Public DNS.

On [this page](https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/docs/using#setup), step four of the process reads:

*Select the Networking tab. Under This connection uses the following items, select Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4) or Internet Protocol Version 6 (TCP/IPv6) and then click Properties.*

I have both IPv4 and IPv6. How do I know which one to choose? 




 So that if you drop of a glass or a plate, it doesn't break into a million pieces. 














 I've always loved the *Saw* series, and I find myself enamored with John Kramer's machinations. I've often thought of what kind of "game" he'd force someone I know to play, or even myself. So hit me, Reddit. 

Oddly enough, this is one of the few times when I hope this WON'T reach the front page. That'd be a lot of work.

**EDIT:** Also, depending on how many I have to do, I might not be able to get to these tonight. I'll try my best, though.

**EDIT 2:** If you don't mind, let me know if you're male or female and your age. If you don't feel comfortable doing that, it's okay. Just don't even mention it in your comment. 









 Russian Roulette, "Chicken" on railroad tracks, you name it. Anything where a life could potentially be lost.

And whatever you can potentially win, you have to provide 1/5 of that total. So if your number is $10,000, you've got to be able to throw $2,000 in, and four other people will do the same. This info is just there so you can think about if paying 1/5 of [x amount of] dollars is worth doing something that could kill you, or make you five times richer.

If you wouldn't do it for 1/5, would you for 1/10? 1/20? 







































 Once I start taking them, you're really gonna make me call my doctor every time I get a refill, even though I brought in the confirmation note for the prescription the first time?

I'm over here losing my goddamn mind because of Xanax withdrawal, and I have to wait til tomorrow to get a refill (haven't had any since Friday) because I have no minutes on my cell phone and I was forced to make an appointment with my physician.

Ugh. Just venting. Sorry if this sounds bad or weird. 









 [General computer specifications](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png)

[Graphics card specifications](http://3image.com/images/2013/07/23/gcard.png)

As you can see, the graphics card overheats (which I think is a consistent problem with this specific video card), which causes the motherboard and processors to over heat, and that causes my laptop to stall and struggle to run the simplest of tasks because of the excess heat. Plus I don't think that a constant temperature of ~75C is healthy for a laptop.

I'm looking for anything, *anything* at all that even has a chance of maybe helping with this problem. Software, BIOS updates, changes to any settings on the computer (such as under Control Panel, etc.). Anything. Anything at all.

Thanks in advance. If you need any more info, it shouldn't be a problem at all for me to provide it. Feel free to tell me if I've omitted anything important. 









 [Computer specifications](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png)

I can't watch a high-quality video (even on YouTube) without the graphics card overheating, which then overheats my processors and motherboard. At that point, the CPU Usage skyrockets to 100%, and stays there while I can't do much of anything. I can move the mouse and click things and everything still technically functions normally, just *extremely* slowly. As if the computer is struggling to carry out the simplest tasks because the video card is so weak but is also trying its hardest to maintain quality video feedback (which it doesn't more often than not).

What are my options other than "Buy a new laptop"? 




 We know one wild bull will gore everything with a heartbeat, but what if *another* bull was introduced? How would they act towards each other and towards the matador? 




 I mean, how badass would it be to see your supervisor, maybe some older fat dude who doesn't look like he's ever been in a fight in his life, pull a gun during an attempting robbery at your workplace? 




 [My computer specs, courtesy of Speccy)[http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png]

And when I say it "goes out," I don't mean that my modem/router doesn't pick up a connection. It still does, and I'll stay connected to my wireless network on my laptop, but web sites won't load. However, if I have something running that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (like Xbox Live, instant messenger programs, torrents, etc.), they will stay connected to the internet (i.e., torrents will still download, I can still send/receive IMs, can still play games online, etc.), even while I can't access web pages.

When this happens, nothing on my router/modem changes. All the lights are lit, and it shows that I'm connected to the internet.

I made this thread before but forgot about it, so I wasn't able to confer with other users. I was given the following advice:

***You could try adding Google's DNS to your settings, it's 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4. Or some other DNS service.***

***Try this. It sounds like a service on your router is crashing (probably DNS) and the 2 or 3 minutes if how long it takes your router to notice and restart the service. Using an external DNS will solve this by removing your dependency on the crashy DNS server.***

So, three questions:

1. Is this the best way to remedy this? If not, what is?
2. How do I go about doing this?

Thanks 




 And what, if anything, did the FCC have to do with this decision?

**EDIT:** Just in case some people don't watch the show, I'm referring to the TV series *South Park.* 




 I made this thread a few days ago, starting off with "Zoologists/animal experts of Reddit," but now I realize that pretty much anyone could have a good answer for this thread. 









 Other than "Holy shit I can't believe the religious conservatives haven't gotten this cancelled yet." 














 I've attempted to convert four MKV files to MP4 format. The first three had the audio out of sync with the video, but one of them had no sync issues whatsoever.

Any ideas as to what the problem could be? Should I post the codec info for the videos that didn't work and the one that did? 














 **NOTE:** This is a re-post from last night. No one responded (I assume they wouldn't, since it was late), so I hope doing this isn't against the rules/rediquette. I did read through them both to make sure it isn't, but if I missed something and it actually is against the rules, I apologize.

[Here are my system specs](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png), courtesy of Speccy. As you can see, my graphics card kinda blows (I wasn't doing anything that should strain the video card-- not watching videos or playing games. Just surfing the web), even though I believe it was touted as one of the most powerful when it was released.

My laptop is a Dell Precision M6400 workstation (released in 2008). I will admit that at times, I do use strenuous programs-- mostly Sony Vegas for video editing. I have a CM Storm laptop cooler, but there's a short in the power cord and it won't work unless I hold it a certain way, and I can't do that and use the computer at the same time.

Unfortunately, I can't afford a new laptop cooler, much less a new computer. Are there any ways to keep my laptop cool consistently, or to cool it down when it gets past my preferred temps (without shutting it down or putting it in Sleep/Hibernate mode)?

I've actually heard of using ice to keep one's laptop cool-- does this really work? I can't remember the specifics, but I definitely remember reading that at least twice on this subreddit.

**Also, a disclaimer-- I'm 99% sure that I won't be willing to take the laptop apart at all. The warranty expired a long time ago, and I know jack shit about advanced computer hardware.**

If you need any other information, don't hesitate to let me know. 
























 And when did I ever say that Russell is the undisputed GOAT? 




 You're basically saying that since everyone, ostensibly, doesn't totally agree on subjective measurements, you can't argue one player as the GOAT.

That's the POINT OF A DEBATE. One person has his subjective argument, and another has his subjective argument, and you TRY TO PROVE THAT YOURS MAKES MORE SENSE.

It's what the concept of debating is BASED ON. 




  You can argue Russell is the most dominate player over his peers if you want, but **no one can look at a game from the 60s and one from the 90s and say they are the same.**

And no one has said they are. The point is that Bill Russell did things no one else has done. Yes, his competition was weaker, but he accomplished a whole lot more than anyone else ever has.

That's like if I play NBA 2K14 on Rookie and score 1,000 points in one game with one player. You can use the "It's Rookie mode, too easy, only reason you did that" argument if you want, but 1,000 points with one player is amazing, period. 




 Why does a player have to be overwhelmingly better than the next-best player to be the GOAT?

Once again, you believe in that logic, and that's fine, but that doesn't make it 100% fact. 




 Kinda like it's important to recognize how you think you know everything when you don't, much less something personal about a person you don't know at all? 




 http://sidoxia.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/pot-kettle-black.jpg?w=455 




 The fact that you believe in this logic doesn't make it infallible. 




 Wonderful.

Should I just give up on trying to have a reasonable discussion? 




 Not sure what the hostility is for. Chill out.

Anyway...

 There is no objective determination of how to value these things.

Then how do we know who's better than who in any era? Also, at least half those statistics suck and are unreliable/fallacious. 




  it's impossible to compare him to the modern era to the variety of rule changes and fundamental play style differences.

It really isn't, though. Not if you know enough about basketball.

You can look at stats, video, his performances against the best players/teams (single-handedly kept Wilt below his average in 100+ career matchups), etc.

For God's sake, the man was VOTED BY THE NBA as the greatest player of all time in the 80s. 




  Video and stats of the games don't exist or aren't recoverable

They do. There's plenty of video, and professional historians have researched and recorded advanced statistics for Russell's era. That's how we know how great his defensive impact was-- the Celtics' team Defensive Rating skyrocketed as soon as he came to the team, and fell off a cliff the minute he retired.

 there's no objective means of weighing statistics.

Why not? All you have to do is look at what the rest of the league was doing, and how that player performed relative to the average. As long as you have enough knowledge to properly account for any extenuating circumstances, it shouldn't be a problem. 




 Wow, the downvotes.

Note to self: Unpopular opinions are against the rules, no matter how logical. 




  You have to take into account positional differences, the players they played against, and even things like referee playcalling differences. It really isn't possible.

What exactly makes this impossible...? 




  I think it's hard to judge Russell because of his era, and the fact that his team was loaded with HOFers during an time with few NBA teams.

Those players were Hall-of-Famers due to Russell. Look at their statistics, research them, watch them play, and tell me with a straight face that Russell had an All-Star team around him.

 Jordan is just easier to compare, because the number of teams is the same and the talent level hasn't changed dramatically from then to now.

But they have. The rules are different (to Jordan's benefit), players are much better defensively, players are more athletic, and defensive schemes are more advanced. 




 My bad. I'm new here.

And I think Bill Russell being Top 5 should be a given. Top 3 should probably also be without question. 




 That's not necessarily true. We have all the advanced statistics and video to properly judge players relative to their era. It's very practical to rank one player as being greater than anyone else who has played in the NBA. 




 This isn't true at all. You really should research Bill Russell (not even trying to patronize).

His defensive ability was absolutely ridiculous. 




 11 championships, five League MVP awards, All-Defense 1st Team in its first year of existence (his final season), only player to win a championship in his first and last year, and not to mention his galactic impact defensively that literally affected the entire league (and will never come close to being replicated).

In my opinion, he clearly has a case as the greatest player of all time over Jordan or whoever you have up there. 




 He who asks shall receive! Even jokingly.

http://1.imgland.net/gL6bOw.gif 




 Any video from any site.

Why? Because I just don't give a fuck.

Seriously though, I love Big Show's finisher. It's simple yet devastating, and depending on the sell, it can look extremely convincing.

So go ahead and post a video of your favorite Big Show KO Punch (and timestamp or tell me what time in the video if necessary). Then sit back and wait for the GIF. :D 




 Dolphins1925 screwed Dolphins1925 




 That single event in 2002 pretty much fucked up my entire life, to this day. I became cold toward others, I became so depressed that I lost the will to do much of anything. My grades slipped (I was always a very good student and very intelligent), I never finished high school, I couldn't even make it through community college, and I've never gotten a job by legitimate means (my dad got me one, and a friend got me another one).

I've also accrued significant debt, have very little money to my name, no job, and take five different psychiatric medications on a daily basis. 




 I was 13 years old, raised Christian, with no one in my family (including myself at that point) even considering the fact that the Christian God might not exist.

Christmas was always one of my favorite holidays, and it was my mother's, too. She and I were very close to one another, and we had a lot of fun every year setting up decorations and receiving/giving presents.

Then, in the Christmas season of 2002, I noticed that she was less jovial than usual and was spending a lot more time in bed than usual. Me and my dad decorated the house, which I usually did with my mom. I was told she was just a little under the weather and would be fine soon.

On December 22, she passed away from cancer. Three days before Christmas. Three days before our favorite holiday. I was 13 years old.

I was broken emotionally and probably still haven't recovered. It wasn't long after that when I decided that I refuse to worship a god who would take something like that away from me at the worst possible time.

Then, my big cousin, who I was closest to after my mother passed, was killed in a car accident last year. He was 26 years old. I am, and have been for a long time, perpetually depressed, feeling like I want to cry pretty much 24/7. But not when I was around my cousin. He was such a happy, funny, effervescent, and most importantly, nice guy that it was impossible for me to be depressed around him. Every time he came over and we played video games together, I never ever felt depressed. He and I would crack jokes and have as good a time as you'd ever see me have. And now I'm never going to see him again.

At that point, I firmly decided that if God exists, he can send me to Hell, because I will absolutely not bow before a deity whose existence hasn't even been close to being proven, and who (if he DOES exist) is taking away the few people in my life that I have a strong relationship with.

If he wants to condemn me to the underworld because I don't believe he exists, due to a significant lack of hard evidence, then so be it. 




 Back when my house had a serious mouse problem, I once saw two mice chasing each other. One would chase the other, then they'd turn around and the other one would chase, and so on.

I swear to God they were playing tag. 




 http://imgur.com/rw31ZGV

Seriously though, congrats. 




 It's only been five hours, for God's sake. Come on. When people write, it's rare that they just sit down and immediately know exactly what to put on the paper.

Can't I have at least 12 hours or so? At least? Please? 




 Huh? What makes you say that? I'm a little busy today, that's all... 




 Not gonna lie to you bro, I've never seen a single episode of Breaking Bad _ 




 Who initiated? You or the cheating guy? 




 Does that include just people you're friends with, or also people you're somewhat indifferent towards? 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vocal_fry_register ? 




 To what extent? Could you be more specific? Maybe give me an example? 




 Like, for example, say I have three files (I have way more than that, but this is just for the sake of simplicity):

* Google
* Yahoo
* Reddit

And I want to add a label that reads "[A]" at the beginning of each one, which would give me:

* [A] Google
* [A] Yahoo
* [A] Reddit

Can I do that with a single command/function, or would I have to go through each file and add the label myself?

Thanks. 




 http://screen.yahoo.com/faith-salie-speaking-vocal-fry-151710428-cbs.html 




 Maybe he comes from a country where it's perfectly normal. 




 I've always loved the *Saw* series, and I find myself enamored with John Kramer's machinations. I've often thought of what kind of "game" he'd force someone I know to play, or even myself.

In short, I love Saw, and I love creative writing. So hit me, Reddit.

Oddly enough, this is one of the few times when I hope this WON'T reach the front page. That'd be a lot of work.

Also, if you don't mind, let me know if you're male or female and your age. If you don't feel comfortable doing that, it's okay. Just don't even mention it in your comment.

**NOTE:** I made this thread before, but I never got around to actually typing up the narratives of the tests I'd thought of. I promise to do so this time, though! 




 Every time I look at the "Pedigree" entry, and I see the "(x3)" next to Undertaker at WrestleMania 27, I have to remind myself that it actually happened.

That is unreal on a galactic level, especially when you consider that he also took a goddamned TOMBSTONE PILEDRIVER.

And WON THE MATCH.

Good Lord. 




 But the thing is that Cena didn't gradually build up to the FU/AA (in kayfabe), and while you make a good point about Shawn Michaels, his superkick has put down some of the most credible wrestlers in recent history. The Twist of Fate doesn't have that to say for itself. 




 Shawn Michaels is amazing at telling a story during a match (his "Concussion" match vs Orton was barely even a wrestling match, yet it was still extremely entertaining, at least IMO), and it's really this simple-- he knows what he's doing in the ring more than anyone in WWE history (arguably). I've never seen him botch noticeably, and he knows his opponent's tendencies, as well as just how to work a match or even one spot, that it's almost impossible for him to put on a bad match.

He's one of those guys who either never makes mistakes, or when he does, you can't even tell, because he covers it up.

Remember when DX vs Rated RKO (I think) broke down because of Triple H's torn quad? Orton was running around like a lunatic, confused as hell (not a slight-- he was very young), but Shawn handled the situation as perfectly as he could have. On top of all that, he's also arguably the best face character of all time.

**tl;dr** Shawn Michaels is the Michael Jordan of pro wrestling. 




  I defy anyone to tell me that Angle pulling the straps back up, just so he can pull them down again isn't one of the greatest spots ever.

It was an amazing portmanteau of goofy Angle and wrestling-machine Angle. It seems kind of goofy to do, but he was so determined to win and prove he's a superior wrestler that he needed to get into the zone while already being in the zone. 




 Goddamnit, I came in here to read stories of failure. Fuck all you people with your "I never thought this amazing thing would happen and it did! :D" posts.

I hate my life. 




 I think it's a bit early for that. He's won, what, four matches with it? 




 I'd be hesitant to use moves that started off as just signature moves that didn't end a match, and then eventually became finishers.

But if you can convince me otherwise, I'm definitely listening. 




 That was in 1996, though.

Eventually, I might extend this into the 1990s. Could be fun. 




 [Con](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1201)

[Firmed](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1294) 




 Best-looking stolen finisher I've ever seen. 




 When, exactly? The problem with Sweet Chin Music is that Michaels almost never hits it after tuning up the band, and when he hits the "out of nowhere" version, he usually collapses from fatigue, which keeps him from getting an immediate pin. 




 [Did I miss something?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Btn1RwdSsAU#t=917) 




 [This looks like the sequence you're talking about.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZJBmM-jFKA feature=player_detailpage#t=1386) It was a roundhouse kick, not a GTS. 




 I don't think it's spelled that way... 




 I only watched that match once, and wasn't really paying attention since I figured it'd be underwhelming compared to the last four WrestleMania matches Undertaker has. I wouldn't be surprised if Punk did, though. 




 I love when Punk does that. Just like he did at Night of Champions against Cena. His own finishers weren't working, so he was like "Fuck it" and pulled out the most random Rock Bottom ever. 




 That's actually a very good point. I definitely think that could qualify as a "no-sell." 




 By the way, I think we can all agree (as if it had to be confirmed) that this cements the fact that Undertaker at WrestleMania is the most credible wrestler of the modern era (in major United States wrestling, at least)?

I can only imagine Hogan and Goldberg as possibly being his equal. 




 I also wanna say maybe the World's Strongest Slam? But Henry's been around for so long that I'd assume someone has kicked out of it cleanly at some point. 




 I guess you don't go 434 consecutive days as a world champion with a finisher that doesn't put people down on the first try.

Also, I'm probably missing many instances of numerous finisher kick-outs, so bear that in mind. I listed all that I could think of after research and going off of my own memory. 




 The Jackhammer should fit that description, but Hogan was forced to kick out during a match in which Kevin Nash was supposed to break up the pin, but was too slow to get into the ring.

If I recall, that is the only time anyone has ever kicked out of the Jackhammer.

Honorable mention to Beth Phoenix's Glam Slam. Only Natalya has kicked out of that move. 




 This has always been one of my favorite parts of wrestling. Seeing wrestlers kick out of credible finishers, with no/minimal delay between the finish of the move and the pin (due to an incapacitated referee or a wrestler "crashing" due to fatigue after using his finisher).

To be honest, this isn't what it might look like-- a list of the best matches in which one can find at least a single false finish. I intend this to be more about discovering/discussing which finishers are most credible, and/or which wrestlers have the (kayfabe) durability to survive the most effective finishers of the last decade-plus.

This list is going mostly off of memory, with me going back to find video to confirm and make sure I'm right. Others are free to contribute by correcting mistakes on my part, listing occurrences I missed, telling me any finishers you think should be added, or anything else that you feel might add to the thread.

I also included some instances of "No-selling," where a wrestler takes a finisher, and immediately recovers, usually to apply a ground-based submission (Undertaker's Hell's Gate, Lesnar's Kimura Lock, etc). I understand that this is very much a judgment call, so I'll listen to any and all opinions regarding this aspect of this list.

I'll post links to as many videos of each occurrence as I can, but for now, I'll leave it as is until I see how well-received this thread is. I apologize to anyone who might want video of the below instances.

**EDIT:** Thanks for the positive feedback everyone, and the suggestions for entries/moves to be added. I'll definitely try to add everything that was pointed out some time today.

Keep em comin!

**EDIT 2:** Just a request to make things a little easier on my part-- not trying to be too demanding, but it'd help me out a lot if when you guys let me know "[X wrestler] kicked out of [Y finisher] at [Z event]," to provide video if possible. That'll make it easier for me to add it to the listing, and it will confirm it more quickly than me having to look everything up myself.

Suggestions are, of course, still welcomed. In fact, they're allowed.

**EDIT 3:** Undertaker's no-sell of the GTS and Punk kicking out of the Tombstone at WrestleMania have been added, as well as a few others, and some links added.

*****

**Sweet Chin Music:**

* Undertaker:
    * WrestleMania 25 (x2)
    * WrestleMania 26 (x2)

**Pedigree:**

* Undertaker:
    * WrestleMania 27 (x3)
    * WrestleMania 28 (x2)
    * 2009 No Way Out

* Jeff Hardy:
    * 2008 No Way Out

* Brock Lesnar:
    * 2012 SummerSlam
    * 2012 SummerSlam (no-sell)

* Steve Austin:
    * 2001 No Way Out

* John Cena:
    * October 19, 2009 Raw

* CM Punk:
    * 2011 Night of Champions

**Tombstone Piledriver:**

* Undertaker:
    * WrestleMania 27
    * 2010 Hell in a Cell

* Triple H:
    * WrestleMania 27
    * WrestleMania 28

* Shawn Michaels:
    * WrestleMania 25
    * WrestleMania 26

* Batista:
    * 2007 Survivor Series

* CM Punk:
    * [WrestleMania 29](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=cN5XVQRyDic#t=1095)

**Stone Cold Stunner:**

* The Rock:
    * WrestleMania X-7 (x2)
    * WrestleMania 19

* Undertaker:
    * 2001 Judgment Day

* Kurt Angle:
    * 2001 SummerSlam (x2)

**Attitude Adjustment:**

* CM Punk:
    * 2012 Night of Champions (x2)
    * 2011 Money in the Bank
    * 2011 SummerSlam
    * [February 25, 2013 Raw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1201)

* The Miz:
    * WrestleMania 27

* Triple H:
    * October 19, 2009 Raw
    * Triple H, WrestleMania 22

* The Rock:
    * WrestleMania 28 (x2)

* Batista:
    * WrestleMania 26

* Randy Orton:
    * 2009 Hell in a Cell

* Wade Barrett:
    * 2010 Hell in a Cell

**RKO:**

* Undertaker:
    * WrestleMania 21

* Kane:
    * July 22, 2011 SmackDown

* John Cena:
    * 2009 Hell in a Cell

* Mark Henry:
    * [2011 Hell in a Cell](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=8RqayX0QUEk#t=115)

**Go To Sleep:**

* John Cena:
    * 2012 Night of Champions (x2)
    * 2011 SummerSlam
    * [February 25, 2013 Raw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=rV33xl6kf70#t=1294)

* Chris Jericho:
    * [2013 Payback](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=jbbt7oplJxU#t=1339)

* Jeff Hardy:
    * 2009 Extreme Rules

* Undertaker:
    * [WrestleMania 29 (no-sell)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=cN5XVQRyDic#t=1095)

**Last Ride:**

* Shawn Michaels:
    * WrestleMania 25
    * WrestleMania 26

* Batista: 
    * WrestleMania 23

* Triple H:
    * WrestleMania 27

**F-5:**

* Kurt Angle:
    * WrestleMania 19

* Goldberg:
    * WrestleMania XX

* Triple H:
    * 2012 SummerSlam

**Clothesline From Hell:**

* John Cena:
    * [2009 Royal Rumble](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Btn1RwdSsAU#t=917)

**Batista Bomb:**

* John Cena:
    * WrestleMania 26

* Undertaker:
    * WrestleMania 23
    * 2007 Cyber Sunday

**Spear (Edge):**

* Jeff Hardy:
    * 2009 Royal Rumble

* Undertaker:
    * WrestleMania 24
    * WrestleMania 24 (no-sell)

* John Cena:
    * 2006 New Year's Revolution

* Chris Jericho:
    * 2010 Extreme Rules

**Chokeslam (Kane):**

* Randy Orton:
    * 2012 Extreme Rules

* Undertaker:
    * 2010 Hell in a Cell
    * 2010 Night of Champions
    * WrestleMania XX

**KO Punch (Big Show):**

* Sheamus:
    * 2012 Hell in a Cell

**Brogue Kick:**

* Big Show:
    * 2012 Hell in a Cell

**World's Strongest Slam:**

* Big Show:
    * [2011 Money in the Bank](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x12gl4k_07-17-11-mark-henry-vs-big-show-money-in-the-bank_sport start=586) 




 I feel like maybe "Overly Reliant Earth" would be more accurate. 




 _ Maybe 




 Little known fact: You get better acoustic quality with dixie cups. They were actually ergonomically designed for this purpose-- then people just started drinking stuff out of them for whatever reason.

Weirdos. 




  any way to communicate over distance other than by pony express. 

Or two dixie cups tied together by a string. 




 I really don't wanna be that guy, but seriously? This is basic high-school stuff. 




 Kid used to bully me in like 3rd grade for no reason. Never forgot his name or what he looks like.

15 years later, I go to get lunch and find out he's a minimum wage slave at McDonald's.

I'm not saying I Success Kid'd in my head, but... 




 What about the option of using the "Master password" option some browsers have? I've never tried it, but I've seen it while going through my settings. 




 Exactly. Joyner hosted both shows from 1985 to 1993. Almost 30 years ago. 




 I'd assume that if it was possible to host both shows from the same place, he'd have done it. 









 Believe it or not, I couldn't find a clip of that Spear that I felt comfortable using. I don't like using the regular, standard, zoomed-out camera angle. It's a shame that I wasn't able to include it, too-- it's one of his best Spears in WWE.

I tried to make up for it by showing him flattening Christian three times _ 




 He doesn't say anything even close when he tells Neo about the nature of the matrix? 




 What does he actually say in the movie that this quote is based on? 




 Looks like your inner Courage Wolf ripped Scumbag Brain to shreds.

Kudos to you, sir. 




 You're not a fan of Roman Reigns' Spear? 









 I'm not gonna lie to you, I wouldn't hate it if you updated this thread on how much fun you're having, interesting occurrences, etc.

Not trying to be creepy, but this just piques my curiosity. 




 [Big Guy. Big Traps.](http://www.wwe.com/f/styles/photo_large/public/photo/image/2013/09/SD_735_Photo_056.jpg) 




 Black vest screamin "Ryback, I don't fit you!" 




  "Hey I noticed you sat next to me while being cute."

That right there is an A+ pick-up line. 




 I don't think anyone's beaten Undertaker three times in a row at all (one-on-one), much less on three consecutive pay-per-view events.

Good insight. 









 Is there a designated "GIF-making" user on here? If it doesn't get made tonight, I can do it early tomorrow morning most likely. 




 Because people think they're smart/hilarious when they chant the name of someone's previous gimmick or a wrestler they resemble. It's like a lot of people paid for their tickets to just act like a jackass on TV and maybe watch some wrestling, too. Which is fine; it's their right. But that doesn't mean I have to like it. 




 But that doesn't mean that other people won't feel like the show is a little tainted. They're not wrong for cheering and booing whoever they want, but it does sort of degrade the show to some people when the wrestlers are trying to stay in kayfabe and the crowd is breaking it all night long. 




 The fact that he's heel makes him a lot less "Goldbergy" than before. Throughout his entire US wrestling career, Goldberg was a heel for about 4 minutes. 




 Six years and 364 days later, he lost a one-on-one match to CM Punk on SmackDown (06/22/10).

After the seven-year anniversary of Kane's unmasking passed the next day, he went three months without being defeated, with most of that time coinciding with his reign as World Heavyweight Champion.

Kane broke a mirror, unmasked against his will, and had a horrible streak of losses and bad breaks for the next *seven years*...

Then, as SOON as seven years passed, he went on a very solid winning streak (11 straight wins from the end of June to the beginning of October), and during that winning streak won his first world championship in over a decade.

Coincidence, or an amazingly thorough angle that was never even brought up?

**EDIT:** For those wondering when Kane broke the mirror-- it was a backstage segment right before the match that probably isn't well-known at this point (I probably wouldn't have known, either, if I hadn't found this video on my hard drive one day when I was bored).

[Here's a GIF for those who don't remember](http://3.imgland.net/620vRz.gif) 




 All I remember is that Ranjin Singh had a jacket that read "THE GREAT KHALI SAYS..." on the back.

I wanted one of those. 




 "I saw you on the other side of the room, and I'm gonna be honest with you... I said to myself 'This girl is so fine... she is SO out of my league, that I have to say something.' So I'll just ask... could I take you out some time? Maybe for coffee? Nothing too serious. I'd just love to get to know you."

They laugh at the "SO out of my league" part every time. 




 Gotcha.

Also, to summarize what you said about 3-4 vs 4-3, it seems like 3-4 is better against outside runs (since you get the extra speed with the additional linebacker), whereas 4-3 is good against inside runs, with the two tackles attempting to clog the middle. Is that right?

And for what it's worth, I just noticed that the Patriots' 4-3 pretty much looks like a 3-4. Instead of four linemen in three-point stance and three linebackers behind them, they have three linemen in the 3PS, with Ninkovich and Mayo at the line of scrimmage, flanking the linemen on either side. How should I treat this formation? Could this work similarly to a 3-4? 




 Also, maybe you could help me tackle this dilemma?

http://www.reddit.com/r/footballstrategy/comments/1nessp/i_want_to_learn_advanced_football_strategy_to/cciemug

**EDIT:** Heh. "Tackle." Football humor.

/Squidward 




 Haha, fair enough. That sounds pretty good for me, since I'm an offense-first guy (might have been obvious, given the team I use).

One more quick Q-- let's say I see a one-deep safety look, but the defense is actually running two deep safeties. One of the safeties might come down into the box (even though he's still going to play deep), but I should be able to exploit the fact that he's too close to the LoS with deep routes to his side, right? 




 I always try to apply this mindset: "Don't assume that, since you can't smell you, other people can't smell you." 




 Quick question regarding position play-- Jerod Mayo is listed as a ROLB in Madden, and Spikes as the MLB. Generally, if I'm gonna run a defense with only one linebacker (like Dime), I'd want my best linebacker on the field, right?

On Pro Football-Reference, both Mayo and Spikes are listed as simply "LB." Would switching their positions and having Mayo at MLB potentially hurt my defense more than it helps? 




 Is there any way the defense could disguise that type of look to make it appear as if the safety is compromising the weak side of the field, but they actually have the entire field covered (as best as a defense can)?

I guess technically there definitely is a way to disguise it, but how easy is it? Should I expect to see people do this, or are most not knowledgeable enough to do so? 




  Basically, if the defense is showing one high safety against a pass-heavy formation like trips right, the hole in their defense is likely to be on the left. 

But, just to be sure, one high safety could also mean that they have three deep defenders, right? I suppose that's something I have to identify at the snap-- look to see if the other safety and a corner drop back into deep zones as soon as the play starts. 




 Wouldn't a play with two or three deep zones be better for defending deep throws than just one safety playing deep? 




 I've actually always thought about that. Generally, a guy can see a cute girl that he doesn't know and try to charm her with small talk, and then ask for the digits. For the most part, worst-case scenario is that she'll respectfully decline, as long as the guy doesn't come off as an ass or doesn't take no for an answer. Most of the time, at the very least, the girl is flattered.

Gay guys don't have that luxury. Straight men aren't flattered by having gay guys make a move on them. Plus, there's no way to tell for sure if another guy is gay, and if you hit on the wrong straight guy (read: probably around 90% of straight guys, because people are stupid and judgmental), you could definitely get into a fight.

That must suck. 




 I would do this, but I'm trying to stream music to use in NBA 2K13 as Custom Arena Sounds, and it has to either be burned to a CD or streaming from a PC. 




 This is where my motto of "Fuck you and your happiness" regarding anyone in a happy, healthy relationship comes in handy. 




 I would use Windows Media Player normally, but it seems to use a lot of CPU power, even when idling (I have an Intel Mobile Core 2 Duo). Can I use a program like Vuze to do this? I only ask because I'm already somewhat familiar with the program.

If there are any other programs that you guys feel might work well, I'm all ears.

Thanks. 




   I like to use my backs out of the backfield if I see **a single high safety towards trips**

Could you elaborate on this a little? What exactly does that mean (mostly wondering about the "towards trips" part-- I know trips refers to 3 WRs on the same side, and single high safety means one safety deep pre-snap)?

Thanks. 




 I think I'll just cut out the middle man and use the camera to see at all times 









 I really hope you don't start talking to mannequins in abandoned video stores. 




 Will definitely check that out, thanks. 




 I watch a lot of football, and sometimes it's hard to tell why players make certain decisions. I also watch NFL Playbook on the NFL Network sometimes, even though it can be a little confusing every now and then.

I'll definitely take a look at that link too. Thanks. 




 First off, thanks a lot for the speedy reply. I'm pleasantly surprised at this. Anyway:

 As for alignment, the numbers just refer to linemen then linebackers. A 4-3 is 4 linemen and 3 linebackers.

Yeah, I know that much (I think). Nickel would be essentially 4-3, except the third linebacker is replaced by a cornerback, and Dime replaces the second AND third linebacker with cornerbacks, leaving one linebacker on the field.

That's why I figured counting linebackers could help (IIRC, linebackers always have jersey numbers in the 50s). Two guys wearing 50-something? Nickel. One guy? Dime.

What you said about the nose tackle and identifying 4-3 vs 3-4 is exactly what I was talking about when I said I used to be able to do that. Relaying that information to me is a great place to start, and I appreciate it.

Also, since we're talking about it, when I'm on defense, how do I decide between 4-3 or 3-4, or even Nickel? They're all somewhat versatile formations, aren't they?

I use New England by the way, if that helps. Their linebackers have pretty good size, Jerod Mayo is an absolute beast, and I think Hightower and Spikes have good speed and tackling ability. Plus I have Wilfork on the nose, and Rob Ninkovich is a pretty fundamentally sound LB/DE (if I'm wrong about any of this, feel free to correct me).

So, given my personnel, how should I decide between 4-3, 3-4, Nickel, etc.? Dime is mainly for defending the pass-- I know that much. But between the other three formations I mentioned, which is good for runs, or short passes, or maybe situations where the defense has a ton of options (like 2nd and 5 or 6 maybe)?

If I have any other questions, I'll let you know... if I haven't burnt you out by now. Thanks again. 




 Beth Phoenix main-evented one Raw towards the end of January in 2011, I think. Can't remember exactly when. It wasn't announced throughout the show as the main event, but it was the last match. Close enough. 




 The first thing I guess I should do is let you know how much I know about the sport. I'm no newb to advanced football strategy, but I'm definitely not an expert either. 

I know things like how to read the safeties pre-snap (one deep means Cover 1 man/zone or Cover 3 zone, two deep means Cover 2 man/zone or Cover 4-- not always, obviously, just mostly). However, **I can't look at a defense and tell you for sure if it's a 4-3, 3-4, Nickel, Dime, etc.** This is especially difficult in Madden, since you can't see the players' numbers pre-snap, so it's impossible to simply count the linebackers and go from there. I'd have to be able to look at the alignment of all the defenders and memorize what each formation looks like in this regard (which I used to be good at, but not anymore).

I'm also okay at identifying zone/man right after the ball is snapped. If the defenders turn their hips to chase the receivers, man. If they stay squared to the line of scrimmage even as receivers run past them, zone. Easy. But at the same time, **I find it difficult to identify (or even make an educated guess of) zone vs man before the snap.** I'm not even sure if this is possible for someone who doesn't play the quarterback position at an organized level, but if it is, I'd love to learn how.

I'd also like to learn things like reading blitzes pre-snap, knowing when to adjust your blocking schemes (i.e., block left/right/pinch/aggressive) before the snap depending on what the defense does, how to adjust to certain strategies during the course of a game, etc.

Would you guys be willing to help me with this? I know a lot of people would probably recommend some of the websites that specialize in teaching this knowledge, but I learn better by actually talking to people and absorbing information through conversation, as opposed to simply reading a generic write-up (not saying they can't be helpful, but I learn better this way).

Thanks, guys. 




 6-7 minutes with accelerated clock won't get you realistic stats in my opinion. 10-12 should work.

I wish I could play on 15. I like my games to be as realistic as possible, and I hate playing less than the real-life amount of time per quarter. But still, I'm gonna try to manage playing on 10-12.

If I can suck it up and do it, anyone can. 




 I know this is something that can't be completely identified via statistics, but which stats exist, if any, that come closest to doing so?

Is there a site that shows quarterbacks' completion percentages by distance that the ball travels? I know they have a stat called "Air Yards," which is a measure of how far a QB throws the ball when completing a pass (basically passing yards minus yards after catch), but I don't know if that would work very well.

Any suggestions? 




 Misread the last word on the bottom caption. Got confused and wondered how having a tiger as a best friend would help me get a job. 




 I have an Intel Mobile Core 2 Duo processor, and the reason I ask this is because I use WMP to stream music to my Xbox 360. So, ostensibly, the program has to be running the entire time I stream. But the problem is that, even when I'm not actively doing anything in the program, it seems to take up a great deal of my CPU usage.

Is this normal? Is there a way I can mitigate this? Is there another program I can use to stream music and playlists to my 360?

Thanks. 




 I wipe my ass after I go number one.

I take no chances! 









 Once saw some guy, who appeared to be Latino, struggling to start his car in a busy intersection.

And by "car," I mean "ride-on lawn mower."

You can't make this stuff up. 









 Using Windows 7 Ultimate, 64-bit with Comcast internet connected via wireless router.

Every time I run the program, my internet randomly drops for a few minutes at a time, although there are no actual indications. Nothing on the modem changes, my connection status stays the same, and the torrents even keep going. But anything that has to be reloaded (web pages, etc.) will not work (I'll get the same error message I'd get if I turned my internet off).

I couldn't figure out why until someone on this subreddit suggested it might be my torrent program, so I did some testing, and discovered that when the program isn't running, my internet has no problems at all. And when the program *is* running, I get the issues that I described earlier.

Is there anything you guys would recommend here so that I can run my torrent program without compromising my internet connection?

Thanks. 




  Maybe he just has a thing for making out with unconscious girls, which is... weird.

[:-(](http://www.reddit.com/r/casualiama/comments/1mfyug/i_am_a_somnophiliac_i_have_an_extreme_sexual/) 









  My soul (waste of 21 grams if you ask me)

They'd have a heck of a time procuring it, I think. 




 This question came to me earlier today, when I realized that I could probably make at least a few bucks if I sold a miniature collection of rare currencies from around the world.

The reason I would never sell it is because my late mother (whom I was EXTREMELY close to) gave them to me on a business trip when I was 12 (she passed when I was 13). Her job required that she travel globally, and she spent nearly all my life collecting coins and what have you from different countries, because she knew I loved rare currencies.

Every time she left for a business trip, I would cry myself to sleep almost every night because I missed her so much, so she made sure that at least once a week, I got a letter from her telling her how much she misses and loves me. One day, a small zipper pouch came with one of the letters, and it had [this picture](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-UcAUEMTbGcw/UZ0bChxy_xI/AAAAAAAAAtQ/D1YH81lzbN8/s1600/Guess+How+Much+I+Love+You.jpg) on it. It was the last gift I ever got from her, and I cried when I saw it in the envelope with the letter.

I keep it right next to my bed on my table, I never move it, and I never put anything on top of it. Every time I pass the end table, I look at it and smile while holding back tears.

I would never even think about selling it. For any price. Ever. 









 Garden tools prior to brethren. 




 The idea is that if you go back in time and change things from the way they were normally, things in the future could be drastically different in a seemingly unrelated way. For example, in Ray Bradbury's "The Sound of Thunder" (I think), one of the characters steps on a butterfly's wing while in the past, and finds that in the "new" present, words are spelled differently, and things like that (presumably because of an incomprehensibly long chain of events).

Wouldn't that apply to going to the past, on its own? Just your presence in the past can alter things. You could leave footprints where there weren't any before, or cover up the tracks of something that *was* there. You could startle a person or catch their attention as you walk by, which keeps them from focusing on what they were doing, which could change their day, which could change the area, which could change the world. Etc.

But characters always seem to say "Don't touch anything, don't move anything, and be as discreet as possible." Not "Man, even just being in the past is probably gonna make the present noticeably different." If I'm wrong about this, feel free to correct me. It's been a while since I've seen/read a work of fiction involving time travel and the butterfly effect. 




 Was anyone else hoping that TC was a zombie? 




 If more cats were like yours, this wouldn't be /r/lolcats. It'd probably be /r/pleaseimsorrydonteatmyfacecats 




  forgets about the other one.

Ha, what a stupid animal. Can't even remember something that happened 10 seco-- ... what are we talking about? Donuts? 









 User /u/cobalthawk gave me a link to [this website](http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/content/walladapter.html) (and I appreciate it!), but I figure I might screw up and get the wrong one.

As such, I thought maybe the best way to go about this would be to look at the little information sticker on the adapter with letters that are barely big enough to read, and use that information to find an adapter online that I know for sure will work.

Is that possible/plausible? If so, would you guys mind helping me with it?

Thanks. 




 Nah, no way. Guys don't think about stuff like that generally. You could be shy, you could be sheltered, you could just have had more important things in your life than intimate relationships, etc.

I doubt many people would assume something's wrong with you. 




 If a guy meets you and is into you and it gets serious, he'll feel like he found a diamond in the rough.

It's a bit of a turn-off for some guys knowing their girlfriend has been plowed by a football team's worth of guys in the past. 




 But people DO want to date a 31-year-old who's never had a girlfriend but lies about it 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/1m0lgc/lpt_request_theres_a_cricket_in_my_house_in_an/

My last nerve packed his bags and left about 3 days ago. I am going to go insane. He's in a corner of the basement (i.e., my bedroom) that I can't reach, and I can't even see him if I shine a flashlight around the general area of the sound.

If this goes on for another 24 hours, I'm going to wake up in a straitjacket. 




 *(your shot leaves a bullet-sized hole, but doesn't compromise the rest of the shield).*

Good luck if you're having a shootout with a sniper. Or [Bullseye.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullseye_%28comics%29) 




 User /u/cobalthawk gave me a link to [this website](http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/content/walladapter.html) (and I appreciate it!), but I figure I might screw up and get the wrong one.

As such, I thought maybe the best way to go about this would be to look at the little information sticker on the adapter with letters that are barely big enough to read, and use that information to find an adapter online that I know for sure will work.

Is that possible/plausible? If so, would you guys mind helping me with it?

Thanks. 




 [Being immortal would suck balls.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Analysis/WhoWantsToLiveForever) I hate kids, but I'll take that choice in a second.

 




 http://www.livememe.com/du9uesh 




 Why do next week what you can say you'll do next week and then never do it? 




 I run into this problem a lot on my TV Tropes watchlist. 




 Well, we don't really have to worry about that. I've given up on women for good. I can live with being literally forever alone. 




 Nope. Never even got close to getting in trouble. tbqh, I suspect some women really like it. It's like, they're so attractive, that even when they're asleep, I can't resist my urge to have them.

It's actually a lot easier than you might think to ask a woman "Can I do stuff to you while you sleep?" At least once you get to know her and you're comfortable around each other. Usually, once we at least sleep together, she's sorta used to my nighttime tendencies, since I absolutely love to spoon, so of course I cop a feel every now and then during. 




 I used to. Two, actually (not at the same time). One can't hold her liquor at all (she was my first, regarding this fetish-- it was actually her idea o_O), and another is borderline narcoleptic. She falls asleep in an instant and is an extremely heavy sleeper.

I feel like the universe did me a solid by giving me two women who are so conducive to my fetish. I believe in highly unlikely coincidences, but damn that's lucky. 




 Really? Did this post really offend someone?

Come on, talk to me. My curiosity has been piqued. 




 Therapy? For what reason? It hasn't gotten me in any trouble. There are ways to act on this attraction in a legal manner. It's not intrinsically a situation that will always be considered rape (something the first commenter clearly does not realize). 




 I am black, and I was just kidding. I thought shifty-eyes was the universal Internet emoticon to indicate facetiousness. 




 Most likely shyness. I've always been worried that the things I like (sexually) would turn a woman off out of weirdness or simply because it's mostly for my satisfaction and not hers.

For example, I love to simply touch up and down a woman's body with my hands, and do nothing more. I could do this all night, without any intercourse or anything else, and be completely satisfied. Of course, if a woman was awake and you literally did that for 5 straight hours, she'd get bored or annoyed. 




 Whether it's touching them, simply looking, kissing, spooning, undressing, etc.

To be clear, this has nothing to do with rape. Lack of consent is not where the attraction comes from. The attraction, at least for me, mostly comes from being in control without really having to assert oneself (I've always been shy sexually).

AMA. And I meant absolutely anything.

**NOTE:** I did post this a few days ago, but didn't get many responses. Hope a re-post so soon is okay.

**EDIT:** Forgot to add, I'm a 24-year-old male. 




 Not a loaded question at all, I'm just trying to figure out why we even bother resorting to war at all. I would assume fewer people dying in cold blood over political issues would be better. 




 I understand the basic concept of diplomacy, but I'm not an expert. Why hasn't it decreased the need for violent wars? Or has it? 




 Damn, guys. It was a joke. 




 But Steve Nash was born there, that's the difference. If you don't know who he is, he's [clearly not a black man.](https://si0.twimg.com/profile_images/1191506948/steve-nash.jpg) 









 So what would the inverse of this be?

"Yes, I realize that I am a dude"? 




 Because the OP clearly had to go after 15 minutes and run errands, such as snitching to the police, and reading books. smh. 




 Sellout. _ 




  I see it as a colloquial term of endearment between friends

That's exactly what it is. But for some reason, black culture condemns the use of the word by white people, even if it's clear as goddamn day that it's just a synonym for "friend" or "homie." 




 This is true (well, kinda-- hispanics are allowed, too).

It's stupid for black people to do it, but it is indeed true. And this is coming from a black man. 




 Does he have South African citizenship? I assume he'd be considered Canadian. 




 Thanks, guys! 




 Just replace "Santa" with "God" (or the deity/ies of any religion), and "getting presents" with "going to Heaven/not going to Hell" (or the equivalent for another religion).

I'm not even sure if this word exists, but I swear I've heard a word or phrase for it before. 









 Wouldn't the digestion process, especially the stomach acid, kill the prey as well? 




 I think he's saying the fact that people on the Internet aren't typing at random makes this quote fallacious, since (it seems) that the "monkeys" are being replaced metaphorically by people who use the Internet.

Of course a bunch of people typing coherent thoughts on a keyboard won't produce the complete works of Shakespeare, unless they choose to. This is totally different from the Infinite Monkey Theorem.

I think that's what rasmustrew is saying. 




 This is actually a really good question. There are two ways around this:

* I can ask for her consent when she's awake, and if she trusts me enough, I usually get the green light. If she says she'd be uncomfortable with it, I accept it and let her know I won't do anything (I tend to stay awake later than my partner at night, and I love to spoon).

* Or, she can fake it. Sometimes they'll wake up, and if I know it's a regular thing between us and she's fine with the fact that I'm doing it, I'll say something coy like "Just go back to slip." You know, half-joking. At that point, she just sighs or rolls her eyes facetiously, and does so. I've been told that when this happens, she actually didn't go back to sleep, and just faked it.

* I've also been told that they've woken up, but without me realizing it, and they continue to pretend they're asleep.

It is, as you inferred, a very tricky paraphilia to manage, but I haven't had any complaints yet. 




 Anything at all.

Also note: This is NOT a rape fetish. It's not based on a lack of consent. It's based mostly on being in charge without having to assert yourself, and having the freedom to do what you want without your partner finding it weird or dissatisfying (at least for me). 




 What your brain will tell you: Wallow in it and do nothing.

What you should do: Something you enjoy that can significantly distract you from anything other than the fact that you like doing it. 




 He said there wasn't a huge problem with PEDs, but guys who played in South America like he did would try to buy cocaine from there since it's cheaper, and then smuggle it into America during the off-season when they came back to the States.

Most got caught.
 




 He said there wasn't a huge problem with PEDs, but guys who played in South America like he did would try to buy cocaine from there since it's cheaper, and then smuggle it into America during the off-season when they came back to the States.

Most got caught. 




 I've been taking anti-anxiety/anti-depressant medications, and they're actually helping. Good news, obviously.

But it turns out to be somewhat of a lose-lose scenario. When I'm miserable and depressed, obviously that's not a good thing.

When I'm actually somewhat happy (and don't feel like breaking down into a heap and sobbing because I feel like complete shit for damn near no reason), it doesn't last.

Because almost as soon as I start to feel "happy" (I use that word tentatively-- "not cripplingly depressed" would probably be more accurate), I start thinking about my life. I start thinking about how my life isn't really that bad. I start thinking about how I'm having a good day and everything isn't darkness and misery.

Then I start thinking about how all that is going to go away, because eventually, I will die. I'm sure this won't surprise anyone, but I don't want to die. I don't want to not exist. I can barely fathom the concept.

I try to think of life like a plate of your favorite food. You eat it, you enjoy it, and you eventually finish it. But are you sad when it's all gone? No, because you're full. You've had as much as you want. Hopefully, life is like a plate of food, and by the time we finish it, it won't be an emotional burden, because we've done nearly everything we wanted to and won't necessarily find it to be heart-wrenchingly tragic that we will die.

But I'm starting to think this line of reasoning is less and less plausible everyday.

Writing this actually made me feel a little better. But not by much. I'm still in a psychological malaise over the fact that all this is going to be taken away from me eventually. 




 Sorry for being so late with the answer, but if you still care, he said that the craziest thing he'd ever seen as a pro basketball player happened during a tournament in South America. The winner of the game would advance to the Finals of the tourney, and my dad was on the away team.

My dad was "kicking ass" as he claimed (and trust me-- believe him), and when there was like 2 minutes or so left and his team was up 18, the entire crowd started throwing C and D batteries at the players and officials. And they actually let them finish barraging the players with Alkalines and finished the game.

If you meant the craziest non-basketball thing he's seen, I can ask him that. 
























 Good hilarious or bad hilarious? 




 [The inspiration for this question](http://img.phombo.com/img1/photocombo/63/ch920621.jpg) 




 You could try [Tech Support](http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/) 




 That's it. Thanks. And again, thanks to ASCIIBear. Honestly, that was a hell of a moment too. 




 No, that's not the one. It was a different time, shortly after that, I think. But thanks though. 




 I think they were both WWE Champion (Punk leaving with the "real" title, and Cena holding the "fake" title he won against Rey Mysterio), and they were on adjacent turnbuckles.

CM Punk raised his title, and his music played.

Cena did the same, and his music immediately interrupted Punk's.

They did this back and forth at least three times each, I think. It was a cool moment, but I can't find video of it.

Help a brotha out? 




 I don't know if any of you guys get as immersed in kayfabe as I do, but I sometimes see things during a given show that make me ask "Why would this person do this, if we think in terms of kayfabe?"

For example, the fact that Triple H always covered the head of the sledgehammer with his hand when he used it as a weapon. Outside of kayfabe, it's obviously because (from what I hear) he uses a real sledgehammer 99% of the time, and he uses his hand to cushion the blow.

But it's still obvious that he does so to the viewer, so it might take away from the realism... unless you can think of a reason he would do it IN kayfabe. Like, maybe he covers the hammer itself so he can control it better, since a sledgehammer is actually pretty heavy.

Something like that. Using kayfabe to explain things that make sense in real life (where wrestling is choreographed), but don't appear to make sense in kayfabe (where wrestling is a legitimate sport).

The wiki could be set up as a Q A, where Wredditors can edit the wiki itself to either ask or answer a question like the above.

What think, r/sq? 




 One minute later: Oh my God, she hates me.

Two minutes later: She's probably having sex with someone better than me :-(

Three minutes later: I'm going to die alone 









 He also used a Spear on an episode of Raw or SmackDown (can't remember which) 




 I just used brackets to show which phrase I was inquiring about-- ah, excuse me. About which phrase I was inquiring. ... damnit, that was a dependent clause. Am I even allowed to start a sentence with "..."? SO MANY QUESTIONS.

:P

Anyways, which of the two bracketed phrases is correct? I'm leaning towards the first, since I think "second most" would be using "second" as an adverb to describe the adjective "most," whereas "second-most" is an adjectival phrase that would describe the noun "subscribers."

Or, on that note, I'm thinking maybe both could be considered correct? 




 Not an entire promo dedicated to it, but if he's cutting a promo, and the crowd starts chanting Goldberg's name, he could quip something along the lines of "[sarcastic laugh] Goldberg *wishes* he was as talented as I am." And then continue the promo.

Would there be controversy, even a little? 




 I always get caught off-guard when a woman gives me an extremely firm handshake. I never know whether or not to do so before the fact, since I'm worried about hurting her hand.

Although, to be fair, I've never heard anyone say "Ow" in response to a handshake, man or woman. 




 You made Mike Tyson retreat with just a handshake. You might be Jesus. 




 I'm so stealing this.

Now I need to find people willing to shake my hand. 




 Why not? 




 You guys think Ricardo is marking out for Del Rio on commentary? 




 Pick your girlfriend up and hold her in your arms, then carry her to the bedroom.

Girlfriend: Wow, you're so strong...

Incorrect answer 1: **Nah, I'm not really that strong.** You just don't weigh much.

Incorrect answer 2: Yeah, I guess I am. **You're pretty heavy.** 









 More details about my resources:

* I have my own place. A two-story house in which I live alone, owned by my father, to whom I pay rent using my savings.

* I'm an excellent typist and extremely computer/internet literate (I'd assume this isn't a rarity on Reddit).

* I'm not really good with stuff that's considered "handy" or anything regarding physical labor. I'm a lot better with my brain than my hands, but I'd definitely be willing to learn. The least I could do is try. Beggars, choosers, etc.

* I'm a very good creative writer, and I enjoy it. I've more or less mastered the English language from a syntax standpoint, and I have an enormous vocabulary with the ability to use it to an impressive extent.

Please don't take the last part as me bragging. I'm just trying to get across what I'm good at, in as much detail as possible. If you need to know anything else, I'd be glad to let you know.

Thanks. 














 I will be damned if I repent. 









 Here is the exact version of the cooler that I own:

http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16834992522

It was working fine until recently, when it suddenly starting rumbling noticeably (I have it, and my laptop, on my bed, and was sitting next to it) and making a lot of noise. I opened it up to fix any problems that a tech dummy like me could find (dust, loose parts, etc.), and didn't find much of anything wrong.

The problem is persisting, however, and I can't figure out how to solve it. Any suggestions? 




 Agreed. It's very long, but it's not a run-on, and I don't see any grammatical errors or any incorrect syntax of any kind. 









 I don't know dick about the law, but I assume there'd be something to protect the employee in a situation like this:

* Employee: "Sorry I had to leave before my shift was over. I was severely sleep deprived and had to be hospitalized."

* Employer: "I don't want to have to do this, but we can't do anything for you at this point. You can pick up your final check on Friday."

* Employee: "You... you're firing me?"

* Employer: "I'm sorry, but I have no choice. I need someone who won't miss shifts or leave before completing a shift."

* Employee: "I ALMOST DIED, YOU SON OF A BITCH!"

* Employer: http://fuuu.us/18.png

There HAS to be a law against that. 




 Jesus Christ, dude. That is some grade-A work ethic. 




 Like others, I take a nap during the day after 4-6 hours of sleep at night. The only reason I really do this is because I like to stay up late AND wake up early. This is really the only way I could think to pull it off. I typically get to sleep around 1-3 AM and wake up at 6-8, then nap at around 12-1.

It doesn't feel any different than your typical 8-hour sleep cycle. I feel well rested each time I wake up, and I get to sleep pretty easily in both instances.

I've considered polyphasic sleep (because tbh, I really don't like sleeping), but I have insomnia from anxiety/depression, so I'd have to dope myself up on sleep aids multiple times a day. No, thanks. 




 Was it definitive that the reason he died was because of his consistent lack of sleep? 




 Thanks for all the suggestions, guys (although the single downvote is pretty perplexing). I'll be sure to look into all of them.

If anyone else has an idea, please let me know! 




 More details about my resources:

* I have my own place. A two-story house in which I live alone, owned by my father, to whom I pay rent using my savings.

* I'm an excellent typist and extremely computer/internet literate (I'd assume this isn't a rarity on Reddit).

* I'm not really good with stuff that's considered "handy" or anything regarding physical labor. I'm a lot better with my brain than my hands, but I'd definitely be willing to learn. The least I could do is try. Beggars, choosers, etc.

* I'm a very good creative writer, and I enjoy it. I've more or less mastered the English language from a syntax standpoint, and I have an enormous vocabulary with the ability to use it to an impressive extent.

Please don't take the last part as me bragging. I'm just trying to get across what I'm good at, in as much detail as possible. If you need to know anything else, I'd be glad to let you know. 









 I understand the concept of Buddhist principles, Nirvana all that good stuff, but I still definitely wouldn't say it's something to live by. 




 I'm sorry... but BULL. SHIT. Suffering is not a conscious decision that we can choose not to go through. Suffering is an emotional response to pain, and if it was simple enough as "I don't want to suffer-- therefore I will not," nobody would smoke pot or take anti-depressants.

Emotional pain is almost exactly the same as physical pain. When it hits you, you hurt. When you hurt, you react. That reaction is what suffering is. 




 "If I don't want to do it, and I don't have to do it, it's not gonna get done." 









 So, basically, it's being Batman? 









 I think I see what Carlin is saying here, but I'm not sure. Anyone care to post their thoughts? 




 What sets us apart? What happened to make us so intelligent, and why didn't it happen to any other animal throughout its biological/evolutionary history? 









 Basically, I guess you could say this could be your best "Good Guy Greg/Good Girl Gina at work" stories. 




 STOP BREAKIN' THE LAW, ASSHOLE!!!!!!!!! 




 Well, this sounds like a healthy relationship. 









 I'm just sayin. If that was me, I wouldn't let some random guy sleep in my guest bedroom.

Unless he had beer. 




 And then you have to worry about the placebo effect, plus the fact that mental illness is different than physical illness. Anything negative that happens in your life can make it exponentially worse, even if the ADs have been working.

It sucks. There's your understatement of the common era. 




 If you actually manage to still take them as prescribed even while struggling with your depression, I salute you. 









 wut eez thees... kar-mah? 














 "I'm more of a nibbler if anything. ;-)" 




  If you don't have enough money to tip, maybe you should buy frozen or buy a pizza kit, you will have plenty of money to tip yourself.

Maybe I don't want a frozen pizza or a "pizza kit" 




 And I generally try to avoid people like you. But your ignorance is so noxious that even though I'm probably never going to address you again, you still somehow manage to make internet douchebags look worse than they already are.

Congrats, brah. 




  NOBODY is allowed to deduct mileage unless they're self-employed, or earn enough and spend enough on specified expenses to qualify for itemized deductions.

I don't understand what you mean by this. I'm not great with financial concepts. 




 **I haven't yet been able to provide evidence to how immature Reddit is sometimes. Please continue to prove me right.** 




 I just asked a question. Chill out. 




 By the way, keep the downvotes coming. I haven't yet been able to provide evidence to how immature Reddit is sometimes. Please continue to prove me right. 




   So when you withhold the tip, not only is it as if you are not paying your waiter, you are ALSO basically costing them money.

But that's not my fault. I'm not doing anything fraudulent. I'm paying for what I ordered. Sometimes I want a pizza and don't have the money for a tip.

It seems like they're getting shafted by the government, so why is it my responsibility to counterbalance that? 









 Also, colorblind people: Don't look at the top of the browser window to determine if it's Malicious Advice Mallard or Actual Advice Mallard. 




  I went to therapy once they told me that this could be my baseline. That I will always be this way.

I say that therapist is a quack. There is no such thing as an untreatable level of depression. We can treat CANCER, for God's sake. I refuse to believe that anyone with depression, no matter how severe, cannot be helped significantly. 




 Apparently, CBT is supposed to help one cope with anxiety/depression/mood disorders/etc., and learn how to live a relatively normal life despite the condition(s).

From what I've read and/or heard, its general purpose is to teach one how to live WITH the condition(s) instead of eliminating it/them.

Right now, I'm losing a battle (and losing badly) between numerous anti-depressants and my anxiety/depression. Nothing's working. The only times I don't want to sob uncontrollably and crawl into a hole and never come out are when I'm sleeping. I rarely enjoy doing anything I normally like to do, so it's all but an impossibility for me to actually motivate myself to do something I *don't* want to do.

Point is, I can't possibly fathom living with this and not feeling psychologically crippled. Living a normal life where I don't neglect my own personal hygiene, sleep 16 hours a day, and spend all my free time alone in a two-story house, brooding in the basement with all the lights off since it's the only room that doesn't have windows.

Living with something that turned me into a prisoner of my own psyche is not something I can understand. It doesn't make sense and it doesn't seem possible-- as such, I feel like trying it would be a waste of time and money.

Could someone try to convince me otherwise? 









  Seeing D-Bry still lose his temper and attack Big Show, even though Big Show didn't want to fight, and watching him not understanding or accepting HBK's apology is still in line with this theory.

This is actually a really good point. I did find it odd that Bryan was acting like such a dick towards Big Show, backstage and in the ring, after it was announced that they had a match against one another.

But even if Bryan should actually be viewed as a heel, what does that make The Authority? Mega heel? 




  My question to you is this: why is it okay for Shawn to let his emotions get the better of him, but not Bryan?

It's not okay in the context of superkicking Bryan, but it's understandable in my opinion.

Bryan losing his cool and putting Michaels in the Yes Lock is less understandable because not only was he lashing out at the wrong person (Shawn isn't the one who's making Bryan's life a living Hell), but he essentially started the chain reaction during that moment.

1. Michaels politely and humbly asks Bryan to accept his apology, face-to-face, man-to-man

2. Bryan refuses without saying anything. We don't know if he's being a smart ass, or if he's just upset overall and not at Michaels. His lack of communication is key. Instead of just shaking his head, saying something probably would have helped. This is where the chain reaction of emotional turmoil begins.

3. Shawn Michaels lashes out verbally because he feels like Bryan is making a fool of him. No one else who cost Bryan the WWE Championship has done anything even close to apologizing, but Shawn felt like he was doing the right thing, and Bryan STILL acts rebellious when it probably wasn't called for.

4. Daniel Bryan lashes out physically, as I said (and I don't mean that sardonically), at the wrong person. Sure, Shawn said some things that maybe he didn't mean or at the very least shouldn't have said. But it appears that Michaels and Bryan are friends, or at the very least, have a close teacher/student relationship. It's not like Shawn is some random guy-- you'd think Bryan would have it in him to forgive him for everything from the superkick to the verbal tongue-lashing (which, again, was a result of Bryan's stubbornness). 




  to say that he humbled himself before Bryan, is, simply put, inaccurate.

The reason I agreed with HBK saying that he was humbling himself is because he was apologizing in front of millions of fans. Apologizing basically means "I was wrong. Please forgive me." Shawn Michaels is the legend of all legends. He could have attempted to save face, and not publicly admit that he significantly screwed up, by apologizing to Bryan in private, but he chose not to.

 He basically told Bryan that he was not an "A+ player" and that he was not good enough to be in the ring with Shawn. That is not humble.

He only said that to Bryan after he had become frustrated with his attitude. You can't blame him. Sure, maybe Triple H and Stephanie have it out for him. Maybe Randy Orton isn't the rightful WWE Champion. Maybe all of those people hate Daniel Bryan and want to make his life miserable. Sure. But Shawn Michaels is not one of those people. As I said, his actions weren't out of spite or hatred. It wasn't Michaels lashing out at Bryan with the superkick as much as it was defending Triple H. Shawn would have kicked the hell out of damn near ANYONE had they done that to Triple H in front of him.

He was torn between his student and (metaphorically) his brother. That's an easy choice to make if you ask me. 




 I feel like this woman was probably a fan of the saying "Do as I say, not as I do." 




 As I said in the title, everything below is in kayfabe, even some stuff that is part of kayfabe and real life (like Shawn Michaels' rocky relationship with the WWF in the late 90s). I'd really like it to stay that way, if you guys don't mind. Please, no responses along the lines of "Because that's what the writers came up with," etc.

Now, in my opinion, it's obvious here that amongst the four people in the title, Daniel Bryan is the face, while Triple H and Orton are clear heels, and Shawn Michaels appears to be on his way or has already turned heel.

Michaels' pseudo-heel turn is what interests me the most. Shawn Michaels and Triple H are best friends in kayfabe. They're as close as the closest of brothers. So when Shawn Michaels saw Daniel Bryan assault Triple H (perhaps having NOT seen Hunter shove Bryan halfway across the ring), he reacted on emotion and retaliated with some Sweet Chin Music.

At that point, he probably realized that the decision was not the best one he could have made, but he also realized something else that was very important-- **the match was still going on, and he promised the fans that there would be a WWE Champion by the time the match was over.**

Orton took advantage of Bryan being laid out from the superkick and pinned him immediately. Michaels knew he had to count Bryan down or else he would have had to live with himself as having lied to the fans (or being mistaken, but he probably would consider that as bad as a lie).

The next night on Raw, Michaels explained to Bryan that he superkicked him because he felt the need to defend his best friend. HBK even explained why he reacted the way he did-- during Shawn's "darkest days" (when nearly the entire locker room hated him, he had severe drug issues, and he was just, simply put, an asshole), Triple H was the only person by his side. That is **extremely significant.** That type of loyalty (that Triple H showed) is the type you repay til death. Michaels probably feels like he owes Hunter his life, so the least he could do is come to his defense when he gets the sucker-punch equivalent of a hard knee to the face.

This, in my opinion, doesn't *justify* Michaels' actions towards Bryan at the end of the match, but it makes them understandable. Shawn Michaels brought up an aspect of his past that he probably doesn't like to talk about, just so Bryan could understand why he did what he did. He apologized, and offered Bryan a handshake. He refused.

At that point, Michaels got frustrated, understandably (in my opinion). He was correct in saying that he, Daniel Bryan's trainer, a Hall-of-Famer, and possibly the greatest wrestler of all time, humbled himself on international television and asked for only a handshake in return.

Shawn even did this, which may be me looking too much into this, but I can't help it-- **he took the Lord's name in vain** when he used the phrase "For the love of God!" after his emotions had overflowed.

I've followed Shawn Michaels' career extremely closely since his return in 2002, and I don't think I've EVER heard him do that during a promo, interview, etc (on WWE television). Shawn Michaels is very religious and very *serious* about his religion-- I doubt that he would do something like that unless he was extremely passionate about what he said, and more importantly, unless he meant it to the fullest possible extent.

Bryan's response? A feigned handshake whose only purpose was to set Michaels up to be locked in an extremely painful submission hold. Again, seemed (to me) to be the equivalent of a "sucker punch." Michaels could not have seen it coming and had almost zero chance of defending himself before the hold was applied.

In my opinion, Michaels was right that Bryan was being self-righteous and not showing Michaels the respect he deserved. Shawn Michaels did NOT do what he did at Hell in a Cell out of animosity or hatred-- he had neither towards Bryan (if anything, the complete opposite). He did it because in defense of someone for whom he'd probably take a bullet without hesitation.

Daniel Bryan apparently can't/didn't understand that, or has more anger issues than we realized (which is saying a lot).

Thoughts? 









 I'm looking at you, "Snickers wrapper for a condom" people. 




 I assume the male lion watches over the other cubs who aren't being moved?

I don't know anything about lion culture :-( 




 That is the most adorable goddamned thing I've ever seen in my entire life. 




 Maybe I shouldn't have used that exact phrasing. But, when observing and honoring the dead, they have parties and parades and whatnot. A lot of people in other cultures probably couldn't even imagine that on a day dedicated to those who have passed away. 




 Right, I wasn't saying that you should be offended by El Dia De Los Muertos, but just look at how their viewpoint is so much different from the typical American viewpoint. Some people would be extremely freaked out that people would actually have a party (in stark contrast to somber funerals which are the norm here) on behalf of the deceased.

Maybe this is his first time dealing with the death of someone close to him, and he never thought about the things you're saying.

And honestly, I'm not trying to condemn you or anything. I'm actually extremely intrigued by the dichotomy of the two contrasting mindsets here. 




  He should really put his hands on it like a grown up.

If by "it," you mean "his mother's body," you should reconsider. That would be EXTREMELY difficult for a lot of people. Two of the three people I was ever closest to (my mother and my cousin) both passed away in the last ten years. Each funeral was open-casket, but I never went in for the viewing. I couldn't bear it. I'm not even squeamish-- it just would have devastated me emotionally.

Now, that's just from a visual perspective. Imagine having to actually make physical contact with the body of a person you once loved, knowing that now it's nothing but a lifeless cadaver. Its nature and its lifelessness represents the fact that you will never, ever speak to this person or have them speak to you again. It represents their suffering, your suffering, and the suffering of anyone who will miss her.

The human body also loses body heat during death, which I'm sure you know. Touching the body of a deceased person, and feeling cold instead of warmth, would probably feel extremely eerie, since when you make physical contact with a living person, you can feel the warmth of their body. It would be spooky.

Like I said in another comment, I agree with what you're saying, but I don't think it's necessarily as black-and-white as you're implying. 




 I understand that what he said may have offended you (hell, it offended me a little bit, and I'm generally not like that-- maybe it's because I lost my mother at 13), but it might not just be that he's a disrespectful dick by nature. Maybe that's how they feel in the culture he's from.

A good example is the culture of some Spanish-speaking countries. They celebrate a day called Dia De Los Muertos (The Day of the Dead). They *celebrate* death. They don't look at it with the stigma and negativity that we do in America.

I'm not saying the OP is in that boat exactly, but maybe he just grew up learning that a person and the body that holds them are two completely separate entities and should be treated as such.

I guess maybe it's kind of like when someone passes away, and you don't know what to do with their belongings. You probably have to give them away or throw them out eventually, and that's not really viewed as being as bad as what OP said. But he (or she, I'm honestly not sure) might look at it the same way-- that his mother's body is merely her own property, and once she's done using it, it no longer represents her.

Know what I mean? I hope I explained that well. I just feel like, while I agree with what you say, it would help to try to think of what his thought process might be and maybe it might be a little more logical than you first thought. 




 I also love how Cole, earlier in the match, filled us in that Big E can't win the title if he loses by countout.

Thank you, Cole. 




 I think you did. But I don't know if I did.

Did I? 




 [Heels, faces, and Kane. Chokeslammed Miz for no reason after fighting off Rowan and Harper.](/spoiler) 




 "TURN ME AROUND!" 




 Thread title refers to the kickoff show, by the way.

... this was a planned work, and it's because they fired the six people on the technical/production team (that Triple H talked about on SmackDown)?

Mind. Blown. 




 I've always wanted to wear a steel chain around my neck. For no reason other than the fact that I love the sound that thick chain-link steel makes when it rattles against itself.

But it's impractical. And kinda weird. The former, more than the latter, is the reason I don't do it. Or maybe the reason I haven't done it *yet*. 









 [additional generic positive reinforcement]!

Just kidding, bro. You're awesome for this. It's most definitely a step in the right direction. Overcoming depression is a journey, and a journey is a series of steps. This is a good first step. 









 I've been on public welfare for 2 years (and have been finding it extremely difficult to find work), and I rarely have any cash at all, and if I do, I can't spend it on pizza. 

All I want is some pizza. Subsisting entirely on peanut butter sandwiches and tasteless cereal isn't fun. If anyone is generous enough to offer, I'll even reimburse you with interest when I get back on my feet.

Thanks. 









 Scumbag brain: Dude, don't listen to that first thought. You don't want to do anything. And if you try, I'll make you miserable. 









 Got any recommendations? 




 I like his character, but I just think he goes too far with it a lot of times. You can tell that JBL and Cole get into serious arguments about JBL not making sense or being biased, because Cole is annoyed.

Also, Cole sometimes has to talk over JBL to call the match. Color commentators don't call the match, but they're supposed to know when to shut up so the play-by-play commentator *can* call the match. 




 I agree that they can do whatever they like with their own life, but I wish suicidal people would have more faith in the fact that killing oneself is not the only way to end the pain. 




 I assumed that it would be more convenient, since the wireless network I have set up was on a Netgear router.

Or would I still be able to connect to that network with any brand of router? 




 Apparently, their football team is a fraud. 









 CBT = Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, for those who don't know. I didn't know what it was until a week ago.

Anyway, I know that health care providers have a hotline, but I don't talk to anyone, so I generally don't even bother to buy minutes on my (pre-paid) phone. I'm not made of money as it is, so I try to save whenever I can.

Is there a website I can visit to find a CBT provider in my area that would be covered by my health insurance? I tried a Google search and couldn't find anything.

Thanks. 




 I think Account_Eliminator changed my original title (which was kinda long). I was gonna ask him about the name of the wiki being counterintuitive, but... I'm lazy. 




 These comments have taught me much about proper bacon preparation.

I thank thee, Reddit. 




 When you use the left click, Windows will decide for you whether it moves or copies, and sometimes, it doesn't choose the one you want, and you might not feel like going to the toolbar, selecting "Copy/Move to Folder," and then finding the destination you want.

Instead, just drag the file to another window exactly was you would with the left click, but use the right click this time. When you drag it and release the click, it will give you an option of "Copy Here," "Move Here," or "Create Shortcut Here."

Very handy, at least for me. I got sick of screaming "I DON'T WANT TO COPY IT, I WANT TO MOVE IT!" at my computer screen. 




 Isn't attempted suicide still technically considered a crime? I swear I heard that somewhere. 









 That's fair. I did want to make it clear that I don't know for sure, so I used the word "assume." People correcting me (no hard feelings to anyone) should realize that I'm not blind nor do I know anyone who is. So it was more or less an educated guess.

I can live with being wrong. 




 But those movies are actually professionally produced, aren't made up of 99% unrealistic dialogue, and are largely considered entertaining.

None of these applies to this rage comic. 




 Unless they're Matt Murdock 




 Not sure if implying cat is coworker.

If so... awesome.

If not... still awesome. 




 I get the feeling the OP watched the first 30 minutes or so of the Daredevil movie from 2003. 




  Not everyone who loses their sight has always been blind.

But the customer in the comic says that he's been blind since birth. "Seeing" should be completely foreign to him, and I assume he wouldn't use the word often, if ever. 




 Solution: Move to Hawaii and wake up drenched with sweat in the middle of December. 




 Uh... why would a blind person tell you "I don't **see** it"? 




 You're awesome. 




 You'd be doing me a favor tbqh.

Could you do your best to timestamp the videos to the time when the spot occurred, though? 




 But, simultaneously, she is much less likely to become mad with rabies. 




 http://data3.whicdn.com/images/23178357/homer-bush_large.gif

Question, though-- what are the rules regarding what's worthy of a Wiki and what isn't? I was gonna make another one for trivia of a certain wrestler; little things that I noticed about his character/history that I don't see people ever bring up.

Fair game? 




 Phew. I thought you guys were gonna come after me and break my kneecaps.

Seriously though, thanks for the heads-up. 




 I hope this type of post isn't against the rules. If it is, I apologize.

As for the Wiki, feel free to add to the list as you see fit-- adding/correcting listings, linking to videos of certain instances, etc. 









 It's definitely a thing. It's all a matter of where you live.

I hate when people say something "isn't a thing" just because it doesn't exist where they live. Your neighborhood isn't the entire planet. 




 I don't think he failed. Not being as popular in WWE as he was in WCW isn't a "failure."

He got more and more popular as time went on in WWE. The crowd was at least 50/50 against him at Backlash against The Rock, but then eventually he was very over. 




 An old wives' tale about how one could write something, print out a physical copy, and mail it to him/herself. This would allegedly be as good as an official copyright, and keep others from plagiarizing your work without ramifications.

I honestly can't remember why it was supposed to work.

**EDIT:** [Wikipedia explains it nicely](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poor_man%27s_copyright) 




 The "poor man's copyright" myth. 




 _ Since when does anything in wrestling work the way it would in real life?

If you even look at a referee wrong in the NBA, you're gonna get thrown out of a game. Meanwhile, in kayfabe, WWE officials fear for their lives every time a heel gets a near fall. 




 That's another really good one. Honestly, a lot of Last Man Standing matches have had brilliant strategical finishes. 




 For those who don't remember/don't feel like watching, Vince McMahon put a clause in a PPV-match contract which stated that Triple H and Austin could not have any physical contact with one another until they met at No Way Out, or the instigator would be suspended for six months.

After both men went over the contract and signed it, Triple H beat the piss out of Austin, and everybody (including JR and King) was confused as hell as Triple H eventually laid out Austin with a Pedigree.

When Vince told him that he had just gotten himself suspended, Triple H revealed that he had never signed the contract (but Austin *had* signed), and thus Triple H was not legally bound by the "No contact" clause. On top of THAT, the fact that Austin had already signed meant that he could not retaliate against Triple H for the assault without being suspended.

Even Vince McMahon, the consummate evil genius himself, couldn't help but smile when he realized what Triple H had pulled off. "Cerebral Assassin" indeed.

This all led to Stephanie getting a Stunner the next week, but still. _ 









 I think assaulting AJ would get him more pop than heat. 




  the fans on your laptop.

How do I do that?

 Also, bring up device manager, and see if there are any yellow triangles beside anything

Only something called "Broadcom USH." Says drivers aren't installed for it. 




 My laptop fans or the fans on my cooler? 




 * [General computer specifications](http://2.imgland.net/zHOJep.png)
* [Processor specs](http://2.imgland.net/VE9cpo.png)
* [Graphics card specs](http://2.imgland.net/9qTfmE.png)

As you can see, the graphics card (which, having researched, I believe is notorious for overheating) all but flame broils my motherboard. Sometimes I want to watch movies or sports games on my laptop, but I can't, because it'll overheat to the point that the CPU Usage skyrockets to 100, and the processor struggles to perform simple tasks (much less play a video) until it cools down.

It doesn't just happen with 720p HD or higher. It'll struggle with 540p, or even 360p sometimes.

I clean the vents regularly, I have a laptop cooler that definitely aids in lowering the temperature (having noted the differences between using it and not using it, each for weeks at a time), and I still have this problem.

Is there anything I can do to make it so that I at least have a chance of getting through the first half of a basketball game without my laptop exploding? 




 What medication was it, if you know, that caused the cancer? I'm taking Pentasa and Omeprazole right now, and I just recently stopped taking Prednisone (it's a steroid, so they don't want people taking it long-term). 




 As someone who has Crohn's Disease, you have now officially scared the shit out of me.

Pun intended. 




 You sure the nostalgia of a Heyman/Van Dam alliance wouldn't garner some cheers? 




 Ah, that's the incident when he arrived at the PPV high as all hell, I assume. 




 Elaborate for those of us who don't watch TNA? 




 There are places you can download it after it airs (and you can even download SmackDown before it airs). 




 Just for clarification, everything here is occurring in the present. Current Rob Van Dam in current WWE.

Give it your best shot, r/SquaredCircle. 




 Will this stop random question marks showing up whenever I c/p YouTube comments into an AIM IM box? 




 Ah, okay. I understand. 




 I just purchased an Xbox Live Gold 48-hour code on eBay, and (in case you aren't aware) not leaving positive feedback for excellent service is strongly discouraged.

I didn't leave feedback despite getting the code within minutes of buying it, because I hadn't used it, since I was waiting for a friend to get his own Gold subscription. I explained this to the seller, promised to leave positive feedback as soon as I used the code, and he gave me a free one to use while I wait for my friend.

People are awesome sometimes. 









  Nowadays, I don't know how much unhealthy foods prevent people from having kids

No, not necessarily that, but cases where an unhealthy diet causes a person to die before they're able to reproduce. 




 I tried searching, and couldn't find anything on this sub.

Couldn't our taste buds have "evolved" to prefer foods that are good for us (vegetables as opposed to chocolate, for example)? The laws of nature state that a species which chooses to damage itself consistently (or cannot avoid doing so) isn't fit to survive, right? Wouldn't enjoying the taste of healthy food help ensure our survival?

It seems similar to a situation where a zebra wandered regularly into an area where a bunch of lions roam, for no reason other than that it enjoys being in that area. Eventually, after a whole bunch of zebras get mauled, the other zebras would get the idea, wouldn't they? They'd stop going there, they'd keep their offspring from going there so the species can continue on, etc.

I'm no biology expert, so if I have anything wrong, please feel free to tell me exactly what. Just be nice. Please? 




 That's goddamn amazing. At that point, I might consider those people more family than friends. 




 :-( Nope. The relationship (we were never official) lasted about 4 minutes. _

Obviously exaggerating :P, but yeah. She didn't feel like I was worth committing to, partly I guess because she didn't think we were compatible, and also because she was an extremely studious pharmacology major.

I don't resent her for it at all. I'm just a little upset I lost her. She was my dream girl, and I got her number accidentally.

That's like a downer ending to a bad romance movie. 




 I posted this a while back, but I love telling the story:

I worked at an "information desk" in a big building (basically a study/eating area for students, and a meeting place for the top university employees-- managers, execs, etc.) on a college campus about three years ago.

One day, an attractive young lady around my age asked me where the cookie shop in the building is. I directed her to it, and she thanked me.

After she left, I realized I should have made a move, and I hated myself for not doing so.

Then, I saw her later that day. I waved to her. She waved back and smiled. I motioned for her to come to the desk.

I asked her, plain and simple, "Could I call you some time?" She said sure and gave me her phone number.

One day while we were chatting about a week later, I asked her what kind of cookie she went to get the first time I saw her. She had no idea what I was talking about.

**Because she wasn't the same girl I had seen initially.** 









 My fave, that I heard recently:

"I'll be damned if I repent." 









 "I'll lay you out over some beef like sesame seeds."- Chamillionaire 




 I love you for getting the reference. 




 That must get boring. 




 How do we know that's not some sort of super mutated giant pencil? HUH?! 




 Jake?! JAKE?! JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!

[Game Over] 




 Stop posting GIFs! You expect me to click on it?! That's tougher than looking before you sit! 




 _ At least if you don't look when you cross the street, a vehicle will usually stop before it hits you.

The toilet, however, gives approximately zero fucks. 




 And then even if I don't look, I check the seat with my hands (I know, gross-- I use soap when I'm done), and if I don't feel the seat, I don't sit.

There are lots of ways around this. You'd think women would be *better* at it since they always sit when they use the bathroom. 









 He was a face (I think-- I'm pretty sure he was still "The Viper"), and he was feuding with CM Punk. He came to the ring and the lights dimmed like they do for certain wrestlers' promos (The Rock, Kane, Undertaker, etc.). At that point, he cut a psychotic promo about, amongst other things, how CM Punk will sip his meals through a straw after Orton's done with him.

That's the only part I can distinctly remember. I'm also 99% sure it was on Raw. Does anyone have a link to the video of this promo?

Thanks. 




 The Celtics were terrible offensively and were almost just as bad defensively without Russell. I don't see how they could have possibly won without Russell unless there was a megastar in his place (and even then, they wouldn't win 11). 




 I assume that if people agree that Russell is GOAT-tier and Top 5/Top 3/whatever, they already know everything I'm going to post. 




 I wanted to know if people agree or not, and if they don't, I'd try to convince them.

Why the fuck would I waste 20 minutes composing a long post that (in the event that most people agreed with me) would essentially be saying "In my opinion, the sky is blue"? 




 The only reason I didn't write an entire CMV-like post is because I wasn't sure if it would be necessary, if people already agreed with me. 




 So if the rules change, you can't compare? That's just silly. Like I've said already, if you know enough about basketball, you'll know how to properly weigh the extenuating circumstances and judge a player properly relative to his era.

Russell played against worse teams/players, but accomplished things no one else ever will. Jordan's 6 Finals MVPs or five league MVPs or 10 straight scoring titles can or have been equaled/surpassed. I seriously doubt anyone is going to win 11 championship as the best player on his team, or have the type of defensive impact on the entire league that Russell did. 




 Enough what?

"Enough OP being open-minded and welcoming arguments and accepting that others feel differently"?

"Enough OP using facts to support his opinions"?

"Enough OP getting downvoted for no reason"? 




 Who the hell said you can't compare the games? I said I agree that they're NOT THE SAME.

Holy Jesus. 




 Have you seen the statistical defensive impact he had on the league, and more importantly, for his team?

Not only should the "In my opinion" fragment negate any thoughts of me thinking my argument is fact and indisputable, but if you look at the numbers, I'd say they favor "clearly has a case" more than not. 




 Make it clear for me? I just said that when you compare the 90s and the 60s, they're clearly not the same. When you COMPARE. I've also said, in many other comments, that it's very possible to compare across eras.

And I never said Russell was playing against "chumps." Again, I have said that he made Wilt Chamberlain look like a scrub compared to what the man was truly capable of.

Finally, Wilt Chamberlain was nowhere near Russell's level as a player. Only people who use stats and nothing else think that. 
























 Something like this:

http://img1.zergnet.com/236576_140.jpg

Or perhaps like this:

http://feckis.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/ghost_rider_psd_jpgcopy.jpg

Is there maybe a plug-in I can buy that has a pre-set effect like either of these? If not, does anyone have any suggestions of how I can use some of the default effects to get this look?

Thanks. 




 I'm trying to decide whether to get a PS4 or to just buy Madden 15 on 360.

If online head-to-head ends up being a ghost town on 360, I'd much rather have PS4 so I can have more users to play against, but if 360 has its share of online players, I'd rather save the money. 




 I'm not saying it should only be *legal* in certain instances, just that the writers would only implement it in special cases, such as this one.

Wrestlers wouldn't be trading titles and Royal Rumble/Money in the Bank contracts all the time-- only when they're extremely desperate (like Michaels was) to have a certain match. 




 It's not about the title, it's about the fact that Michaels wants to face Taker.

Did you even watch that angle? Michaels would have done anything to face Undertaker. 




  you can't have one person doing it and the other not doing it you know..

What do you mean? 




 He'd still have to defend it. Plenty of guys have been gifted a world championship in kayfabe.

Also, it wouldn't happen that often. Only in situations like this-- that's why I picked this scenario, since it was one where Shawn Michaels wanted to face Undertaker so badly that he'd relinquish the most prestigious title in WWE just to do so. 




 For example, in 2010, Shawn Michaels was desperate to face Undertaker at WrestleMania, and knew that he had to win the Royal Rumble to do so, since Undertaker simply refused to grant him a rematch.

Edge, not Michaels, won the 2010 Royal Rumble, and HBK's hopes pretty much completely went up in smoke.

But what if Shawn Michaels had entered and won the Raw Elimination Chamber match for the WWE Championship, and then offered a trade with Edge-- your Royal Rumble number-one contendership for my WWE Championship.

Who wouldn't take that deal if you're either side? Edge gets to be champion without having to fight for it, and Michaels gets the Royal Rumble contract (I guess it's a contract?), which he uses to grant himself a match against The Undertaker (who was the World Heavyweight Champion) at WrestleMania.

Crazy enough to work? 




  When you train, you can improve muscles for aesthetics (having a larger physique with good definition) or performance (actual muscle strength). Obviously the two aren't mutually exclusive, but most exercise programs tend to emphasize one over the other. 

This is what I'm trying to tell people. Most wrestlers do the former, and Cesaro obviously does the latter. I don't think scoop-slamming Big Show was as awesome a feat for someone like Cesaro as people made it out to be. 




 Is there a reliable site that actually lists his legitimate height/weight? 6'5, 232 is just what he's billed at by WWE. He's so muscular that I wouldn't be surprised if he's 250+. 




 You can increase the efficiency of your muscles with certain training.

And I never said pro wrestlers aren't strong. 




 Right, I understand that. I've heard from people who know weight-lifting and bodybuilding, though, that, for example, scoop slamming Big Show while being Cesaro's size is not the galactic accomplishment it was made out to be. It's simply because wrestlers train for looks, not strength, so guys end up huge but not able to lift what they could if they were possibly less massive, but did strength training. 




 I'm no expert on translating someone's physical stature to their approximate level of strength, and I always hear that Cesaro is absurdly strong to not be a 300-pound hoss. Is this true, or are the 300-pound hosses just not the powerhouses they should be (with exceptions, like Kane)? 




 Expected Pinky and the Brain 




 Calvin and Hobbes: The concept of "avant-garde" art. 




 SpongeBob SquarePants: "Polyurethane" is a fancy word for plastic. And that's just the bee's knees. 









 No, because women always think negatively. DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND STEREOTYPES?!

:P 









 [Merriam-Webster](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/serotonin) states that:

*Some cases of depression are apparently caused by reduced amounts or activity of serotonin in the brain; many antidepressants counteract that condition.*

So that means that serotonin, to put it like a five-year-old, is a "happy" neurotransmitter. Then, the definition goes on to state:

*Excessive brain serotonin activity may cause migraine headaches and nausea.*

Why is this? If serotonin is a neurotransmitter that counteracts negative conditions such as depression, why can it also cause nausea and migraines?

Also, how do medical professionals determine if depression is caused by lack of serotonin or another cause? 




 How does half-life affect dependency/addiction, etc.? 




 Might sound like a stupid question, but I assume all of this means that biological half-life (key word being "biological," I suppose) isn't artificially adjustable?

Certain drugs have a certain half-life and we just have to live with it, I assume?

Also, when it comes to pharmaceutical drugs, are there any advantages/disadvantages to longer/shorter half-lives (other than the obvious)? 




 Why do they measure it by half-life and not the "full life"?

Also, what factors of a given drug affect its half-life? 




 It has to do with how long its effects last, right? 




 Asked this of another user in this thread, but just wanna be sure-- I *do* have a case about the texting, right? 




 Just to be sure, I do have a case about the texting, right? She acts like not definitively finishing a text conversation is the eighth deadly sin. 




 For example, if we exchange text messages for a while and I suddenly stop texting for whatever reason, she gets an attitude, presumably under the impression that I'm obligated to text until the conversation "officially" ends... despite the fact that we're not in a committed relationship (which was her choice).

Or she'll get mad because she thinks I'm talking to other women on OkCupid (where we met) if she sees me online and I'm not talking to her... again, despite the fact that we're not in a committed relationship.

On a more specific note, neither of us has a car, but she doesn't live too far away, so she catches the bus to come see me. She complains about the heat for the entire walk back to my house from the bus station, and asks me to do something about it. Being mostly short of ideas other than blocking out the sun, I suggest that she catch a second bus right at the bus station where she normally gets off now. That would drop her off literally right in front of my house. She starts bitching because she doesn't want to pay an extra dollar (even though I pay her bus fare most of the time).

She's always right, I'm always wrong, and if I:

* Go to the kitchen to get her a drink (which she doesn't drink because she thought she wanted it but really didn't)
* Go across the street to buy her something to eat (which she doesn't eat because she fell asleep)
* Go to the bathroom to get her an Aspirin because she has a headache
* Go get her another drink because the first one I got for her is warm since she didn't drink it,

I'm a terrible person if I tell her I don't feel like getting up for the fifth time in an hour, and going back to the kitchen to heat up her food.

Her home life also sucks, and I sympathize with her on that. Problem is that she, of her own self-admission, takes it out on me by talking to me with an attitude because "there's no one else to take it out on."

---   

**tl;dr**: [22 F] FWB acts more like she's [16 F], constantly complaining and whining about damn near everything and refusing to talk things out. I'm [25 M] trying to learn to deal with it/convince her to talk things out by saying something other than "Whatever" when I try to have a mature discussion about our issues. 




 He did put Doomsday over, even if it was technically a draw. 




 I think in non-kayfabe, Shawn Michaels has him beaten easily. Although when I think of best wrestlers ever in this context, I tend to lean towards in-ring ability, charisma, and mic skills more than ability to draw (not to say Shawn Michaels was a slouch in that area, either).

It's why Hogan is somewhat low on my non-kayfabe list despite being a global phenomenon for damn near the last 35 years. 




 His accolades:

* **15-time WWE/World Heavyweight Champion** (second to Ric Flair's 16)
* **WWE/World Heavyweight Champion for a combined 1,192 days and counting** (fourth to Hulk Hogan, Bruno Sammartino, and Bob Backlund)

* **3-time United States Champion**

* **2-time WWE Tag Team Champion   2-time World Tag Team Champion**

* Officially recognized as being **1-0 in Money in the Bank ladder matches**, but is **2-0 in ladder matches at the Money in the Bank pay-per-view**

* **3-time Slammy Award winner for Superstar of the Year** (only multiple-time winner in the award's history)

* **2-time Royal Rumble winner** (tied for second w/Batista, Shawn Michaels, and Hulk Hogan to Steve Austin's 3)

* **68.19% win percentage in 654 WWF/E matches** (highest win percentage of any wrestler with 360+ matches wrestled-- Bret Hart won 72.14% of 359 matches in WWF/E)

Who can match that résumé? And when I ask that, I'm not implying that no one can-- I guess I'm just asking you guys to share your opinions on why someone else has a case over him.

I'm sure Triple H, Shawn Michaels, Bret Hart, Steve Austin, The Undertaker, Bruno Sammartino, Hulk Hogan, and Ric Flair all have convincing arguments as well.

**Remember, though: Kayfabe only.** 




 I remember someone saying exactly this like a year ago. It'd be funny if it was you (no disrespect). :-P

They just do it to add to the visual impact of the move. Every sport does it for the most part. 




 I think they meant actual Money in the Bank ladder matches, not just matches of any kind that occurred at the "Money in the Bank" PPV. 




 It's like the Patterson-Gimlin Bigfoot footage. Bah gawd. 




 Not to take the focus off of the topic, because I love that counter, but my favorite has to be Kane sitting up to avoid an RVD frog-splash... with the bonus being that RVD had placed a chair underneath Kane.

I wish I could find it. 




  notice HHH is outside the ring

As is Randy Orton 




 http://youtu.be/UsZUA2232fE?t=1m39s

Each wrestler gets a monologue sound byte on why they'll win the Money in the Bank ladder match. Then, after each one, the wrestler who just spoke is shown being taken out by the next speaker.

* Cena finishes monologue, then gets a step-up corner enzuguiri from Del Rio
* Del Rio finishes, gets a Brogue Kick from Sheamus
* Sheamus finishes, gets a cross body block from Bray Wyatt

Then it goes back to the chorus of the song. After that:

* Orton finishes monologue, gets an uppercut from Cesaro
* ~~Cesaro~~ Paul Heyman (whose client Brock Lesnar conquered the Undertaker's undefeated streak at WrestleMania) finishes monologue on Cesaro's behalf, Cesaro gets a flying clothesline from Kane
* Kane finishes monologue, gets a Spear from Reigns

It's like each wrestler is "taking over" the video by attacking the previously-speaking superstar so that they can say what's on their mind, and the cycle goes on and on.

Well done, WWE production crew. 




 [Oh... well if it's that easy, then say no more.](http://i.imgur.com/ZLcHNW7.png)

I'm guessing I ain't got it. 




  Do you know if you have the HTML5 player?

No clue, but I may or may not feel like finding out later. I've got the lazy bug right now. 




 Seriously, is there any way around that? Cuz it's annoying as hell. 




 Former. 




  Yes, marijuana has side-effects and withdrawal symptoms.

---

 Additionally, weed has no addictive properties or withdrawal affects.

:-/ 




 Here's an interesting analogy I thought of while making this thread. Batman fans will get it immediately, and even if you're not a fan of the Caped Crusader, it's very simple:

Bane. The mask that he wears essentially keeps him alive, although that's slight hyperbole. If he takes it off, he won't die-- he'll just be in incredible, excruciating pain until he puts it back on.

"Tough love"-ers will accuse those who suffer from crippling depression of being weak, good-for-nothing losers who sit around being unproductive everyday-- playing video games, watching TV, surfing the web, eating unhealthy foods, and neglecting their own hygiene and responsibilities.

They do this because they might understand the concept of a "comfort zone," but they don't understand the extent to which a comfort zone is important to someone who's being psychologically mauled by depression for every second of his/her life.

That's where the analogy becomes relevant. Many people with severe anxiety/depression can tell you that their comfort zone is like Bane's mask-- technically, we don't need it to live, but being without it causes us unimaginable pain, and when we ask for help to get through the pain when we don't have the mask to put on, all some of us get in return is "Do it yourself. You're an adult." (I'm 25)

For example, my "mask" is basically my room, which I assume is somewhat normal for a person who's depressed. If it wasn't for video games, television, and the internet to distract me from the fact that I want to break down into tears for no reason during every single waking moment of my life, I'd probably go insane.

Certain people in my life expect me to take the mask off, leave my comfort zone, and do things like look for work or apply for school (my grades sucked in high school, and I had to withdraw from junior college because the work plus my depression simply overwhelmed me).

I try to tell them it's not that easy, and that while it's technically possible and I won't die if I take three hours out of my day to go out and look for jobs, I'd be so miserable the entire time that I'll have to spend the rest of the day recovering from the pain once I put the mask back on.

Now, if Bane had someone to help him endure the pain by being there with him, encouraging him, etc., as he fought through it, I bet it'd be a lot easier. When I ask for help, though, I get the same thing-- "You're an adult."

Sure, I'm an adult. But I consider myself, and many other people I see in many places, to be psychologically crippled by depression.

Imagine that someone you care about, adult or not, has two broken legs and can't walk. Suddenly, they fall out of their wheelchair and ask you to help them up. Would you tell them to stop bitching and get back up themselves (which they technically could do-- it'd just be very difficult), or would you offer a hand?

Yeah, I'm done venting. I just wish I had someone in my life who could be my emotional crutch (which, for some reason, I think has a negative connotation-- someone who's impaired needs a crutch. It makes sense to me).

I've been depressed for at least 15 years and I've never had one. Why am I a bad person for being afraid of things that are scary (essentially, life outside of my comfort zone)? Don't I deserve someone (in a personal, not professional, capacity-- a friend, family member, etc., as opposed to a psychologist) to help me get over my fears and overcome my depression?

**NOTE:** I used the term "we" many times throughout this post-- if I'm the exception rather than the rule, and I'm really just horrendously lazy and basically a waste of life because that's who I am and not because of psychological issues, I apologize for grouping myself with others who suffer from depression. 




  Basically, you sound like a pot head I know.

I don't smoke at all and never have. I take Xanax. 




 I'm not an expert, but it seems like Xanax and marijuana both have the same effect for the user-- to slow down depression/anxiety and make a person feel better, to put it simply.

However, most, if not all physicians won't allow a patient to take Xanax indefinitely, because of inevitable dependency issues. Does marijuana have that same potential of dependency? If it doesn't, why isn't it legal everywhere for medical purposes? Or why doesn't the field of pharmacology look into what the difference is between the two and figure out if (what would essentially be) non-addictive Xanax is possible?

Note: I'm assuming marijuana actually has legitimate anti-depressive qualities. If not, then could someone explain how it works? 




 Usually, I drink my beverages right out of the container (my roommates don't drink the same things I do, so I'll chug it out of a can or a gallon jug. I gives no fucks). This is for a couple of reasons:

* It keeps me from using dishes or having to buy disposable cups
* I don't have to go up and down the stairs to the refrigerator to get a drink (my room, and "entertainment headquarters" as I call it, is the basement [by choice])

Usually, during non-summer seasons, and even during summer sometimes, the insulation in my basement is so bad that it's always significantly colder than it is outside. So during the winter, leaving a drink in the basement is almost as good as putting it in the fridge.

But now that the weather is warmer, and it's no longer close to freezing temperatures down here, my drinks are going bad quickly if I leave them down here for more than a day or so! What am I supposed to do now?! Use a glass?! And then have to WASH IT?!

WHAT THE HELL, WORLD?! 




 Also, the pitcher/catcher analogy seems like a really good one, and I feel like I'm this close to getting it, but I'm still not quite there.

 Sometimes, Pitcher throws a ball and it lands in the middle of the room. But sometimes, Pitcher grabs the ball before Catcher can get to it, and then he throws the ball out the window   it never makes it into Catcher's bucket.

If the pitcher throws a ball that isn't catchable, and the catcher has to get up and go get it, why would the pitcher go and pick it up himself and throw it out the window (basically discarding it)? Why are they basically in a race to get any of the baseballs that aren't caught by the catcher (if I have that right)? 




  When the part of your brain that makes serotonin uses that method to give serotonin to the part of your brain that needs it

Why does the brain do this in the first place? It seems terribly counterproductive and counterintuitive all at the same time.

"Here's some serotonin to make you feel better. Psyche, just kidding [takes it back before it even has a chance to take effect]."

That's not nice, brain. 




 So if a person's body doesn't produce enough serotonin (water in this analogy), that's like a hole being in the flowerpot? And inhibiting reuptake is like plugging up the holes so that the plant can get enough of the little bit of water it has access to? 




 I searched and found [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/jtr4n/eli5_reuptake_inhibitorsantidepressants_and_how/), but I still don't get it.

If, for example, a person's body has a natural lack of serotonin, why does its reuptake (absorption to the brain) need to be inhibited? Wouldn't the reuptake need to be increased, since there's so little, and the brain needs as much as possible?

I feel like there's probably a simple analogy that could be used to explain this. It seems like the brain absorbing a deficient neurotransmitter is bad... but I don't understand why. 




 I honestly feel kinda like a freeloader since I've made like five or six requests here, but every time I think I have some extra spending money, I have to get refills on my prescriptions for depression, anxiety, and Crohn's disease (having all three is exactly as exciting as it sounds). But I just absolutely loooooove me some pizza. It's probably my favorite food in the world, no exaggeration.

As a result, I figured I'd at least try to do something to earn me some 'za. So here's some random GIFs that I hope can make someone laugh enough to find me deserving:

* [Pimp hand status: Strong. Very Strong.](http://2.ii.gl/-bJJ8-v0.gif)
* [WHY AREN'T YOU PANICKING, TOO?!](http://3.ii.gl/GC4onUMO.gif)
* [DA ***FUQ?!***](http://3.ii.gl/HxNh_q4C.gif)
* [The very definition of overacting](http://3.ii.gl/-6EP56NV.gif)
* [My name is not "Chef"!](http://3.ii.gl/qIvJNGA5.gif)
* [Didn't eat before the game?](http://3.ii.gl/4mylRLCa.gif)
* [Don't worry, I'm sure everyone just assumed an invisible person showed up after you messed up the first time](http://3.ii.gl/wJK2KEjw.gif)
* [Somebody should teach this kid some manners. Or fire that cameraman.](http://1.ii.gl/n__-NAZP.gif)
* [I think cell phones were actually still bigger than this in the 80s.](http://3.ii.gl/v2f9WeQE.gif)
* [Context. There is none, and that's probably for the best.](http://3.ii.gl/e3okvZA.gif)
* [Charles Barkley. Great basketball player. Terrible at pretty much everything else.](http://3.ii.gl/K3DxLHIc.gif)
* ["Hahaha... no." A reaction I wouldn't be surprised to see this thread get.](http://3.ii.gl/hcJ4B7FJ.gif)
* [I'm not sure he actually wants to know what is up.](http://4.ii.gl/qIiFO1t.gif)
* [The invisible wrestler strikes again!](http://3.ii.gl/sJ61cpv0.gif)
* [Old people are always falling down dramatically for some reason. Or maybe it's just Ric Flair.](http://1.ii.gl/yrKow_oh.gif)
* [Swerved you, didn't he?](http://4.ii.gl/b3c4DdNB.gif)
* [The invisible wrestler has changed sports!](http://2.ii.gl/NtGE_KQP.gif)
* [I don't know. I just don't know. But it's Danny DeVito, so we shall accept it.](http://1.ii.gl/SsGIKE9.gif)
* [Remember when I said I'd bitch-slap you last?](http://3.ii.gl/B335s9Ol.gif)
* [Is it really possible to hate on this, though?](http://4.ii.gl/tHsweo2y.gif)
* [Rumor has it that he's still falling.](http://4.ii.gl/EZePd5cD.gif)
* [I'm pretty sure that in this case, it's NOT possible to hate on this.](http://2.ii.gl/mMjKAyG2.gif)
* [Hugh Jackman doesn't need adamantium skeleton to kick some ass here and there.](http://2.ii.gl/JwGmEwH5.gif)
* [Sometimes the baseball just hates you.](http://2.ii.gl/0nPr5Ia7.gif)
* [I didn't wanna knock the door down the first time anyway.](http://3.ii.gl/iis1hvo.gif)
* [That referee will never forget what he just saw.](http://3.ii.gl/KdPz7R-W.gif)
* [Those two guys who stand up simultaneously in the background have to be LeBron's hired goons. Also a bonus for lip-readers.](http://3.ii.gl/iDp5tkny.gif)
* [She's got the fever.](http://2.ii.gl/le6xOJGO.gif)
* [Payback is a...](http://1.ii.gl/JKc6at8I.gif)
* [Wanna punch a referee and get away with it? Try this.](http://3.ii.gl/PyU3m9eG.gif)
* [This episode must have taken place in South Central LA](http://4.ii.gl/t3AJRKBE.gif)
* [I don't even know how to describe this. But that's pretty much CM Punk in a nutshell.](http://1.ii.gl/2RTwtFu.gif)
* [Wipe yoself off, man. You dead.](http://1.ii.gl/twvnCmLU.gif)
* [This man was the face of the football team at one point.](http://2.ii.gl/eI0oVHG.gif)
* [Bigfoot sighting on ESPN.](http://2.ii.gl/OLADaQ_J.gif)
* [Shaq being Shaq.](http://4.ii.gl/rPAoI1y5.gif)
* [How can you be this athletic and not kidnapped by scientists to harness your genetics and create a race of superhumans?](http://4.ii.gl/q_qEJvo-.gif)
* [Obligatory "Old black man dancing" GIF.](http://2.ii.gl/1fOx8TOT.gif)
* [Did someone just get shot on the court?](http://1.ii.gl/WufmyS65.gif)
* [Yep, he's dead.](http://4.ii.gl/5PJFTnzy.gif)
* [There really should be a "Forced break-dancing" penalty.](http://2.ii.gl/BoEbRFRd.gif)
* [Another lip-reader bonus. Warning: NSF Jets fans](http://2.ii.gl/0v_408F.gif)
* [Is that chick next to him alive, or does she have rigor mortis?](http://4.ii.gl/4thsE24K.gif)
* [Is she glitching...? Somebody check her batteries.](http://3.ii.gl/2M3fobnS.gif)
* [Lip-reader bonus #5. This time it's Lions fans who might want to stay away.](http://2.ii.gl/l6dxSGvv.gif)

Even if I don't get any pizza for this, here's hoping I was able to make some people laugh. :D 




 Advanced Photoshop editing, non-linear video editing with programs like Sony Vegas/Adobe After Effects, etc.

Is there such a subreddit?

Thanks. 




 The first time I actually acted on it was with the chick who likes to drink that I mentioned in another reply. She was pretty much in a fighting battle against passing out, but she wanted to have sex anyway. I kept telling her no, because she was too drunk, but she wouldn't listen and actually grabbed my head and forced it into her vagina (she knew I was good at eating out).

I sighed, rolled my eyes, and went with it. It was pretty cool, but I had no idea it was because of this or any particular fetish.

The second time was with the same chick, and she wanted to pretty much the same thing-- she drinks too much, I go down, we (or pretty much I) take it from there. So it happened, and then I started realize that the more obvious it became that she was completely out (not responding no matter where I touched or what I did, her limbs flopping lifelessly as I moved her around, etc.), the hornier I got. I thought about it for about a half-second, then kept going, but made a mental note.

The next day, I looked it up, and discovered that there's an entire world based on this fetish. I was awestruck. Ever since then (this had to be four years ago), I've been scouring the internet for forums, videos, pics, communities, and pretty much anything that had to do with this. I've found a lot, and I'm still looking and still finding. 




 It's a lot easier than you might think. No one I've told it to (I think... four women?) has found it weird or creepy or anything. In fact, like I said in another response, at least three women have volunteered and/or given me permission to act on it whenever I want.

I'm no sexologist, but it might make them feel more attractive, since the message I'm sending is pretty much "I want you so bad that I can't even wait until you wake up/recover from alcohol poisoning."

Note: Just kidding about the last part. I never encourage women to use liquor to induce a state conducive to my fetish, even if they say they wouldn't mind. 




 The sense of control, without having to actually take control-- I'm about as assertive in the bedroom as SpongeBob would probably be. That may have been a *slight* exaggeration, but you get the point. I can do what I want. I think it's honestly that simple.

I also have other weird sexual tendencies, I guess. I like to grope, massage, and kiss a woman way more than I actually like intercourse. Key phrase being "**I** like." Women don't enjoy just laying there while I rub them all night (which I can and have done). So if they're asleep, problem solved. They don't have to be bored or annoyed with my stupid preferences in bed. 




 Two women, both with prior consent. One a heavy drinker who couldn't hold her liquor, and the other a narcoleptic. A woman I'm talking to now said she'd be willing to do it for me too, but hasn't yet.

TMI alert: Just thinking about it is making me horny. 




 I've actually dated a narcoleptic. I probably would have married her if she wasn't completely insane.

I had the best sexual experiences I've ever had (by far) while dating her. It was heaven. 




 Not without sleep fetish porn (yes, it exists-- Rule 34 never lies). 




 I fell asleep after I made this thread. I might make a new one so I can reply more quickly, and hopefully get more responses. I love answering questions about this. 




 For the record, this is not to be confused with either necrophilia or any kind of rape fetish. It's not based on the potential lack of consent (in fact, prior consent makes it better), and the woman *does* have to be breathing.

So go ahead and ask me anything. Anything at all. Nothing's off limits. 




 I had a feeling someone was going to do this, which is why I specifically didn't state that he also grew up in West Philadelphia (no joke).

I feel kinda goofy, so I'll answer the question somewhat seriously. He actually never got into fights over basketball, because he knew he was so good that people would get mad if he bet money on one-on-one games in the street or something and he kicked their ass. He mostly kept to himself, shooting around on the court alone.

His brothers, though, would constantly bet money on my dad in a game against, in his words, "anybody on the court." His brothers made hundreds of dollars on certain days because no one realized how good my dad was. 




 The Boston Celtics. He hurt his knee during the pre-season, so he never played in a regular-season game, and he was never NBA-caliber again after the injury. That's why he went to the foreign leagues. 




  Do you also play basketball professionally?

Not even close.

 Also, what's your perfect Sunday?

Video games, internet, pizza, television, basketball. 




 Um... yes? Not quite sure what that has to do with the topic at hand, though. 




 His years outside of the NBA were played mostly in Argentina, and he grew up playing basketball on street courts in the inner city before he blew up (both in height and talent) as a college freshman.

He's 61 years old and neither me nor any of my friends (all in my age range-- I'm 25) can beat him one-on-one (and it's not like we all suck that bad). His jumper is absolutely unreal, and he's an extremely intelligent player, which I suppose helps when it comes to beating players more than twice your age.

So go ahead, AMA, and I'll relay the questions to him if I can't answer them myself. 




 Prescription medication for depression, anxiety, and Crohn's disease has emptied my pockets and, ironically, made my depression worse. I feel trapped. But if one has to be trapped, being trapped with pizza by his side would certainly help. 




 o_o I'm also a 25-year-old with Crohn's. What was it like the first time you started to realize that something was seriously wrong with your gastrointestinal system?

I remember my first time, when I was throwing up like crazy and had so much stomach pain that I had to call an ambulance to pick me up for the first time in my life.

Then they gave me a Foley catheter (look it up if you're not OP). Not exactly a day at the beach.

But the morphine... morphine is good... :-)

Also, did they think it could have been anything else? Doctors told me at first that I was just constipated, then they theorized that I had appendicitis. It took like a month for them to realize I had Crohn's. 




 If anything, it would be more arousing, since it would relieve me of any tension regarding moral right/wrong.

Consent makes this fetish more arousing. That's why I can so confidently say that it has nothing to do with being aroused by rape. 




 Well, I don't plan to play any humans. I can probably live with just having fun playing the AI-- I don't see myself becoming a hardcore fighting gamer.

Also, with the combo memorization, I'm afraid that if I go through the entire process with one combo, and master it, I'll lose that mastery once I move on to the next combo (especially since a lot of recent games are so open-ended and have many unique combo possibilities). 




 It's not a rape fetish because it's not the lack of consent that causes the arousal. However, acting out on this fetish, as far as the law is concerned, is rape.

Which, to say the least, kinda sucks. 




  Once you're comfortable with that, look up character guides and find a combo labeled 'bread and butter' - these are your general purpose combos that can be tossed out in many situations. If several are labeled with that, just pick one to start. Grind it out in Training Mode, breaking it up into 2 move chunks so you can see how each one chains/cancels/links. Do it until it's fully ingrained in muscle memory, then play some matches to work it into your game.

Should I do that with one combo at a time? i.e., try to memorize one "bread and butter" combo until I can do it without thinking, and then try to utilize it against the AI in an actual match? 




 First off, fighters that I own:

* Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3
* Injustice: Gods Among Us
* Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe

To put it simply, my main problem comes from the concept of combos. It's not that I have trouble understanding how combos work or anything, but I'm just not used to game genres where memorizing combos is necessary (if I'm wrong about this, please let me know, and I apologize).

I guess the issue with me is that I'm not really good at watching what my opponent is doing, reacting to it, remembering my character's strengths/weaknesses, and those of my opponent, all while knowing how to react offensively with combos. I hope I explained that well.

Thinking about it, it really is kind of hard to explain. I don't have any trouble actually executing combos (at least in practice), but I just can't commit the combos to muscle memory so I don't have to actually think about it during a match.

Did I articulate that clearly? I feel like I didn't. :-/

Please don't be mean, i is a n00b :-( 




 Thanks! :-D 




 As bad as this is going to sound, having a sexual experience with a woman who's in a coma *would* be an ideal experience. I simply would never do it on moral grounds. 




  Would general anasthesia (as in, actual complete lack of consciousness, not just sleep) also work?

It would. As long as I know there's even the smallest chance that they might wake up (since they're actually alive, and sedatives can wear off unexpectedly), it works.

Also, that's not the entire basis behind the fetish. I'm still learning more about it myself. I like to be able to move a woman around in bed (as in physically pick her up, sit her up, maybe even so much as drag her to another room), and that's obviously not possible unless I know she won't wake up.

It could be also an issue of control. I'm not an assertive person overall, so if a woman isn't responsive, I can have control without being forced to *take* control. It also lets me do whatever I want without being worried that the woman is annoyed or bored. I love sensual touching, massaging, kissing, etc., and could do that all night without actually having intercourse... and I've done it before.

I still have a lot of thinking to do about this as a whole.

Would it work if someone pretended to sleep?

Absolutely. The ends justify the means with this fetish. It's all about the woman being unresponsive, whether genuine or not. As long as she's convincing and I can't tell she's faking it, I'm fine. 




 Oh, if only I'd seen this message earlier.

I'm not sure, but I assume there's a chance you might go to sleep again within the next day or so. If so, let me know. :-P 




 Not sure how I feel about canoes, but if there's a hot chick sleeping in it, I'll try it! 




 I actually know a little bit more about alcohol consumption than I should, for someone who doesn't drink at all. I know that a BAC of 0.4 or higher is usually fatal (and 0.08 is the legal limit for driving in most states), and I sorta know how to estimate how much a person has drank based on what they're drinking and their body weight/previous experiences with alcohol.

With the one woman, I tried to make sure she didn't drink enough that would take her anywhere close to 0.2. 




 Hmm.

Necrophilia is the first one that comes to mind. 




 I guess because it gives me more control. It's like a game-- I see how far I can go with touching, kissing, undressing, etc., until she wakes up. The further I can go, the more turned on I get. 




 Only one woman has actually done it for me. I do worry about potential health ramifications, but I guess maybe it's more of a risk than I thought.

However, I never, ever ask a woman to do this by using alcohol, or any sedative/depressant. 




 Hmmm... are you a drinker? That definitely helps (I always feel bad when I recommend alcohol for anything, though... _).

Or maybe over-the-counter sleep-aids. Just don't overdo it, obviously. No more than the recommended dosage, especially at first. 




 Better than you might imagine. I've told, I think, four or five women about it, and not one of them found it weird or creepy or anything. They were mostly willing to participate.

I think it might make them feel more attractive, since I'm basically saying "I want you so badly, I can't even wait until you wake up." 




 Yeah. Actually, that's even better. Obviously, I wouldn't take advantage of someone in a coma or who had suffered some sort of major injury, but I've had women willing to drink until they pass out so I can act on this fetish.

All in all, the more unresponsive, the better. But this isn't necrophilia-- they at least have to be breathing and not in any danger of dying. That's part of the fetish, actually... the challenge, I suppose, of touching a woman sensually without waking her up.

If I can undress a girl while she sleeps without her waking up, that's a major turn-on. 




 I like to watch women while they sleep, touch them, hold them, etc. It's by far the easiest way to turn me on.

Note: This is NOT a rape fetish. It's not based on the lack of consent. I'll gladly elaborate further if asked.

So go ahead. AMA! 




 No sob story. I'm just broke as hell and really want some pizza.

Will definitely pay it forward as soon as possible.

Thanks, guys. 




 I would treat myself, but I don't get paid for a while (but it's before the date).

Also, pizza would help calm my nerves if it turns out she's a tranny or a serial killer.

Will reimburse as soon as I can. 




 I happen to find breathing to be extremely fun. 




 You clearly missed the part where I said I enjoy water AND air. I've got hobbies just like anyone else. 




 [I also just realized that both options I put in the thread title are basically the same thing.](http://www.quickmeme.com/img/78/781071bbd5d2abb8b0666cc0afd048c83a3b24e647888cec5a1c8617bfd4320d.jpg) 









 For what it's worth, I (the author of the linked thread) am not the OP of this thread. But... thanks for the publicity...? 




 I'm good with words (like, really good), I can make GIFs of pretty much anything you want so long as the video exists somewhere on the interwebz, I can make funny videos with the audio taken out and replaced with something humorous... I can even make highlight videos for your favorite team/player if you're a sports (mostly NBA/NFL/pro wrestling) fan. [Here's my YouTube page.](https://www.youtube.com/user/RayAP17/videos?view=0 flow=grid)

I dunno. I figured it was worth a shot. Do your worst. I CAN TAKE IT.

Oh yeah, and I live in Philadelphia, and the only chain that delivers to me is Domino's. 




 Threads like these make me weep for humanity.

They make me weep tears of joy, that is. You guys are awesome. 




 And if anyone is kind enough to offer, I promise I won't make love to it.

EDIT: I'm located in Philadelphia, PA (actually right outside of it in a small town you've probably never heard of), if having that information matters. 




 I think I do (not being sarcastic).

One. Hulk Hogan, but only because Kevin Nash was supposed to break up the pin, but he took too long to get in the ring. 




 Background for those who may be curious but unfamiliar with either of the combatants:

The Undertaker, when competing at WrestleMania, is, as far as we've seen, unbeatable. He can take far more damage in a match than any wrestler in the history of WWE (and its previous incarnations) without being pinned or made to submit. At one point, in a match against Triple H two years ago, Undertaker's nervous system was (in-universe) on the verge of irreparable destruction due to the ass-kicking Triple H handed him. And Undertaker won that match. In short, **The Undertaker has kicked out of moves and situations that would have ended other wrestlers' careers.**

Mike Tyson, on the other hand, is a somewhat well-known former professional boxer whose most dangerous weapon is his punching power. He's knocked out opposing fighters (for a ten-count) seconds after the bell, and he's obviously a far better boxer than Undertaker.

Undertaker, in this scenario, is exactly what he's portrayed as being at WrestleMania-- a superhuman giant who can't be pinned even if he should, by all rights, be dead.

Mike Tyson, meanwhile, is an absurdly powerful pro boxer, in a boxing match (giving him a massive advantage to counteract Undertaker's durability), who can probably knock out any man on the face of the planet with one clean punch.

In a somewhat ironic occurrence, Jim Ross (a commentator for WWE) once compared being hit with a sledgehammer to being hit by a Tyson right hand. Undertaker has taken multiple sledgehammer attacks to the face in at least one match at WrestleMania, and he still did not lose.

Now, the rules. This is a standard boxing match, other than the following stipulations:

* No separate rounds. The fight goes until it's over. No breaks at all.
* Victory can be attained by knockout and only by knockout. Someone has to knock his opponent out for a count of ten to win the fight.
* Both fighters are required to wear official boxing gloves.
* No pins, no submissions, no grappling.
* No time limit, and no points system.
* If either fighter hits below the belt or in the back of the opponent's head, the fight is thrown out as a no-contest.

Undertaker is obviously not a boxer, but he has three things that work in his favor:

* He has some amateur boxing experience, so he wouldn't be completely lost despite still being galactically mismatched
* He's far more durable than anyone Mike Tyson has ever fought. Undertaker's ability to absorb damage and continue fighting, compared to standard professional fighters, is superhuman at the very least.
* No round intervals. Mike Tyson, as a boxer, would be used to getting a break every few minutes to rest and ponder strategy (on the off chance his opponent isn't on a stretcher in the first 30 seconds). Undertaker might have better stamina than Tyson, and can use this to his advantage by gambling that Tyson will get tired before Undertaker stays down, if Undertaker basically allows Tyson to punch him and tire himself out (it worked for Muhammad Ali against a similarly powerful George Foreman in his prime).

Tyson's advantages:

* It's a boxing match. 'Nuff said.

Basically, the question is this-- which would happen first? Mike Tyson does the improbable and pummels Undertaker to the point where he can't get up in less than ten seconds (remember, in pro wrestling, he had to get a shoulder up in less than **three** seconds, so keeping him down for ten would be difficult to say the least), or Undertaker survives the inevitable onslaught from Tyson (also highly improbable) until Tyson tires out/makes a mistake/both? 




 Strictly speaking of the respective movies mentioned in the thread title. Also, feel free to define "intelligence" however you'd like.

Note: I asked this on /r/comicbookmovies, and I was advised to post it here. If this is considered off-topic, I apologize. 









 ... would he give him a push? 




 Either that, or simply a subreddit where people can discuss video effects and such, that may not be specifically for requests.

Thanks in advance, guys. 




 I noticed the 400 some-odd dislikes on that video and couldn't help but LOL hard, because we all know where the majority of those probably came from. 









 Of course it isn't! :D 




 To be fair, I'm not starving, or really anything close. I'm just eating crappy foods. I do appreciate the sentiments, though. 




 I live in Philadelphia, PA, and the only major pizza chain near my house is Domino's. It's been colder than I can ever remember, and I had to shell out close to $400 to fill half of my oil tank so the house could stay warm.

Thanks in advance to anyone willing to help.

**EDIT:** Made a typo in the thread title. Should say "Had to choose between being broke and being cold." 




 Any suggestions? If you need any more info, please feel free to ask. I also apologize if I forgot to mention anything that's standard for this subreddit. 




 Two friends of mine just moved into my (two-story) house. They (a couple) share a bedroom, and my bedroom is in the basement. Since it's been so cold, we both use 1500W space heaters to keep our respective rooms warm.

As a result, the electric bill has jumped to an insane $262 in the last month. Do you guys have any suggestions for cutting down on the electric bill (at least ones that aren't obvious-- I realize that a given appliance shouldn't be on unless someone is actively using it)? 














 You might have offended OP by saying "That was dumb." 




 I manage to make ends meet, for the most part, by doing odd jobs (shoveling snow, babysitting, etc.), but I recently had to spend literally all the money I have on medication for my major depressive disorder and Crohn's disease. I've been living on mostly cereal, bread, and water, but I've had no food in the house since this morning (about 9 AM EST) and no idea when I'll have any money.

Anyone willing to help me get by today? Thanks in advance.

**EDIT:** Thanks for all the upvotes, but I still haven't come into any money. If it makes a difference, I'll definitely reimburse as soon as I'm able to do so. 




 Ah, that's understandable.

I wish I could do that, but I've only ever followed WWE, and that's only been since roughly 2000/2001. 




 What I meant was that Tamina and AJ may have been aligned with one another before we actually knew about it. If they were, and they were allies in that Battle Royal, Tamina and AJ could have cooked up the whole scheme so AJ would win the match. 




 Why is that, exactly? 




 I don't see how any of this implies that I'm not doing most of the work myself, or that I'm "really not even into" this. I just have other things that I'm into more. I'm not a hardcore comic-book movie type of person, and I'm sure there are quite a few people here who are.

If you don't want to help, just don't. 




 On a serious note, I really hate when people do this. It's obvious that I was speaking strictly in terms of kayfabe, so why even say something like this? 




 The reason I included mostly his WWE career is that I'm much more familiar with it than his WCW career.

I do know certain things that I think I left out, like how he would lash out at referees for trying to raise his arm after a win (despite being a babyface-- that's typically a heel move), or the fact that after his first match (I think), Gene Okerlund attempted to interview him, and Goldberg just walked away without saying anything.

Plus the fact that he quite literally won 173 straight matches, including a World Championship victory over one of the most accomplished wrestlers of all time, and I don't recall hearing him brag about it ever (in kayfabe-- though, to be fair, he was never much of a talker). 




 It's hilarious to imagine AJ being willing to take a kick to the face from the strongest Diva on the roster, just to be number-one contender for the Diva's Championship. 




 Huh? A script? That's dumb-- wrestling is a legit sport. It's not like they call it "Sports **entertainment**" or something. 









 [Original thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/comicbookmovies/comments/1sds3h/can_anyone_whos_seen_a_lot_of_the_modern/)

I hope it's not in bad taste for me to re-post this so soon (or even at all), but the thread I linked to above faded into obscurity and I still need a bit of assistance.

Thanks to a lot of very helpful people in the original thread, I was actually able to tackle a lot of the requests I had, but I'm still stumped on a few of them.

If anyone wouldn't mind, I just need to know where I can find clips of the following (not expecting precise times-- asking for something like "1:05:33 in *The Dark Knight* would be too much. I just need rough estimates, like "In the first 1/3 of *The Avengers*," or "Just before the final battle in *The Incredible Hulk*," etc.):

* **(1)** A character defeating another, despite the fact that he's completely outmatched in size, strength, power, and durability. Perhaps maybe even one instance of a single blow from a smaller character, sending a much larger opponent hurtling across the room/city/planet.

* **(2)** Super speed

* **(3)** Danger intuition (the ability to see or sense imminent danger to oneself without having to literally see it with one's own eyes; Spider-Man's Spider-Sense, for example)

* **(4)** A character whose main power is superhuman accuracy with projectiles, archery weapons, or whatever they can get their hands on. Guys like Green Arrow, Hawkeye, Bullseye, etc. Basically anyone who specializes in marksmanship.

* **(5)** Superhuman reflexes

* **(6)** Superhuman durability. This can apply to almost any character, I believe-- what I need is footage of characters who are clearly worn down after sustaining long-term injury during a fight (struggling to stand/breathe, but still attempting to fight), with visible damage (tattered costumes, cuts, blood, etc.), but not necessarily both, and not necessarily only one of those two

* **(7)** A change of allegiance. Any scene or group of scenes that make it at least somewhat evident, just from the visual, that a character has switched sides (either good to evil or evil to good).

* **(8)** A group shot of multiple heroes teaming together, whether they normally do (X-Men, Avengers, etc.) or don't. Something like [the revolving shot of The Avengers after Hulk's "I'm always angry" moment.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=PvEP3BqzSxU#t=79)

* **(9)** Character A is helping Character B walk, because B is too injured to walk on his/her own, but is still conscious and thus doesn't have to be literally carried. B is basically using A as a crutch. [Something like this.](http://troop50.org/first_aid/images/walk_assist.gif)

* **(10)** A character, either using his hands or a blunt object/weapon, knocking a projectile out of the air.

* **(11)** A character simply using his body as a battering ram and throwing a hard shoulder into his opponent, knocking the opponent off of his feet.

I really hope this doesn't break any rules, as well as that I don't seem like I'm being greedy and asking too much. I apologize if so.

Thanks in advance to any and everyone who offers their knowledge. 




 Here's one for Goldberg that I wrote a while back. One of my favorite wrestlers of all time.

[Bill Goldberg character analysis](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vhtcu1596REvzG48L8JYwht6fey0y3XDawJPPEv1UMc/edit?usp=sharing) 




 _ If it's so awesome, then why does that comment have negative karma? 




 Oil for furnace heating is pretty expensive, and the electric heater does next to nothing since the room is much longer than a typical bedroom.

Can r/frugal give me some tips to stay warm? I already wear lots of layers and stay wrapped up in a blanket as much as possible. 




  I think you're reading to much into this.

[I tend to do that sometimes](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/1nhqjv/on_062303_kane_broke_a_mirror_backstage_before/) 




  My name, my name is Alberto Del Rio

But you... you already know that. 




 Hmmm. So you basically think that instead of toeing the line between kayfabe and reality, they just decided to destroy it in this particular context? 




 If Helmsley is his real name in kayfabe, then who the heck is this "Paul Levesque" that CM Punk brought up? 




 I don't see why that would be too bad, as long as the face they pair the announcer with doesn't just disappear after getting somewhat of a push. 




 When he's on SmackDown, he demands that Lilian Garcia introduce him in Spanish. All good, since she's apparently fluent. But when Del Rio is on Raw, Justin Roberts introduces him in English.

So in kayfabe, Del Rio should be none too happy about that, and maybe he gives Justin Roberts a beatdown simply for not being fluent in Spanish.

It would also be somewhat ironic, since some Americans (like Zeb Colter, which makes this all the more relevant) tend to complain that citizens from Spain/South America/etc. don't speak fluent English.

What think, r/sq? 




 The question is "Why does she use both?" Does CM Punk's "Phil Brooks/Paul Levesque" comment mean that Hunter Hearst Helmsley isn't his real name in kayfabe?

If it *is* his real name in kayfabe, why would she also call him "Paul"?

If it *isn't* his real name in kayfabe (which I suspect), why would his own wife also be calling him by his ring name?

I guess a comparison I could make is if either Rowan or Harper called Bray Wyatt "Bray" and "Windham" throughout the same storyline, switching between the two for seemingly no reason. 




 Right, but you'd think she would pick one or the other to refer to him. Maybe that's just me, though. Like, you never hear Triple H refer to HBK as "Michael." 




 Is this weird to anyone else? I feel like I might be acting picky, but I was just wondering, though. 




 Just letting you guys know that I added one more request if anyone feels like having a go at it. If not, I understand-- you guys have done plenty as it is and I can't tell you how grateful I am. 




 You shouldn't. I've never heard of any man ever sitting on the toilet to take a dump and not realizing the seat is up. We look before we sit.

Why women have such trouble with that, I'll never know. You would think that since they sit ALL the time, they'd be MORE likely to look before they sit. That it would become reflex. 




  --EDIT-- For new additions
 
 
 
 13) Pyro at the end of x2 when he stands watching magneto about to take off in a helicopter before mystique points him out to magneto. Also when you see him later on the chopper flying away. Alternatively hawkeye getting mind controlled by loki's sceptre.
 
 
 
 14) Only examples are from Avengers or X-Men. Obvious one is the avengers one you mentioned, or the scene in x2 when they are all in the president's oval office when Prof X freezes everyone, or in X3 when they make a line to fight back magneto's men.

You're awesome. You know that, right? 




 Cool. I was afraid you would think I was being a douche _ 




  Oh look, all the numbers have transformed into '1'.

You could put each number in parentheses, if you feel like it. Either way, very much appreciated.

**EDIT:** Also, you made me realize something as well-- don't be afraid to branch out, guys. I really liked the Kickass, Hancock, and Ghost Rider suggestions. I'm not saying don't include the more prominent films (Superman, Batman, Spider-Man, Avengers, etc.), but ANY comic-book movie would be a worthy suggestion. 




 I honestly wish I could. I had initially decided that I wasn't going to tell anyone the exact nature of the project, but I've actually been asked more than once. I'm contemplating spilling the beans.

Can I think about it? 




  that's only if OP doesn't want to spoil the climax of Avengers in whatever this project is

Nah, spoilers aren't an issue in any way.

Also, if you (or anyone) has thought of any alternatives that haven't been mentioned, feel free to speak up. The more ideas the better. 




 That *definitely* helps. I really appreciate the quick response.

You also made me realize that I should probably number each of the bulletpoints in the OP to make it easier for you guys. 




 I'm doing a project (like, an independent project, not a school project) where I need to use footage from pretty much any superhero film.

And actually, for the record, I said "movies" in the topic title, but any footage I could find that's live action, as opposed to animated, would work-- for example, footage of Clark Kent from the TV series *Smallville*.

Anyway, I need certain clips from the movies/live-action television shows, but with there being so many, I don't have nearly enough time to watch them all.

**I was hoping any of you guys could point me to which movies and at which points I can find instances of a character displaying the abilities that I'll describe below. By no means does it have to be an exact time (like, 43:05 in *The Wolverine*)-- just something like "Near the very beginning," or "Just after ______ scene in the middle," etc.**

Thanks in advance to anyone and everyone kind enough to lend a hand.

Anyway, here goes nothing:

**Clips I need (heroes, villains, anti-heroes, anti-villains-- everything is fair game):**

* **(1)** Characters using some type of eye-beam/heat vision power (preferably Cyclops, Superman)

* **(2)** Large characters leaping great distances (only person I can think of right now is The Hulk, but any character will do-- and tbqh, it doesn't even have to be one who would be considered "large," but that's just my preference. The key here, though, is that the character is leaping, not flying) 

* **(3)** Powers involving electricity/fire (Pyro, Human Torch, Thor, etc.)

* **(4)** Super speed

* **(5)** Danger intuition (the ability to see or sense imminent danger to oneself without having to literally see it with one's own eyes; Spider-Man's Spider-Sense, for example)

* **(6)** A character whose main power is superhuman accuracy with projectiles, archery weapons, or whatever they can get their hands on. Guys like Green Arrow, Hawkeye, Bullseye, etc. Basically anyone who specializes in marksmanship.

* **(7)** A character defeating another, despite the fact that he's completely outmatched in size, strength, power, and durability. Perhaps maybe even one instance of a single blow from a smaller character, sending a much larger opponent hurtling across the room/city/planet.

* **(8)** Mobile invulnerability (strong, massive characters who are impossible to immobilize as long as they're moving; Juggernaut is the best known example, I believe)

* **(9)** Super strength (The Hulk, The Thing, Bane, etc.)

* **(10)** Superhuman reflexes

* **(11)** Superhuman durability. This can apply to almost any character, I believe-- what I need is footage of characters who are clearly worn down after sustaining long-term injury during a fight (struggling to stand/breathe, but still attempting to fight), with visible damage (tattered costumes, cuts, blood, etc.), but not necessarily both, and not necessarily only one of those two

* **(12)** Weather manipulation (of any kind-- Storm is probably the most likely candidate for this)

I think that's about it. I'm not asking anyone to tackle of all these at once, or even more than one. That'd be asking way too much. If I could get a helping hand for even half of these, I'd be appreciative.

Thanks again in advance, guys.

**EDIT:** I don't mean to be greedy, but two more I could use are the following (both of which I know are really ambiguous and therefore might be hard to tackle):

* **(13)** A change of allegiance. Any scene or group of scenes that make it at least somewhat evident, just from the visual, that a character has switched sides (either good to evil or evil to good).

* **(14)** A group shot of multiple heroes teaming together, whether they normally do (X-Men, Avengers, etc.) or don't. Something like [the revolving shot of The Avengers after Hulk's "I'm always angry" moment.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=PvEP3BqzSxU#t=79)

**EDIT 2:** All of you guys are awesome. I can't put into words how much easier this project will be because of the help you all provided. That said, anyone at all who has any suggestions that haven't been mentioned, please don't hesitate to speak up.

Also, I've got one more (I know, I know... sorry, guys. You're just getting me more and more into the project. Darn you whippersnappers :P):

* **(15)** Pretty simple. Character A is helping Character B walk, because B is too injured to walk on his/her own, but is still conscious and thus doesn't have to be literally carried. B is basically using A as a crutch. [Something like this.](http://troop50.org/first_aid/images/walk_assist.gif) 




 I'm doing a project (like, an independent project, not a school project) where I need to use footage from pretty much any superhero film. I said "2000" in the topic title because I think that's around the time when superhero movies really started to get good, especially with the advanced visual effects, but if I'm wrong, let me know.

And actually, for the record, **I said "movies" in the topic title, but any footage I could find that's live action, as opposed to animated, would work-- for example, footage of Clark Kent from the TV series *Smallville*.**

Anyway, I need certain clips from the movies, but with there being so many, I don't have nearly enough time to watch them all. **I was hoping any of you guys could point me to which movies and at which points I can find instances of a character displaying the abilities that I'll describe below. By no means does it have to be an exact time (like, 43:05 in *The Wolverine*)-- just something like "Near the very beginning," or "Just after ______ scene in the middle," etc.**

Here's hoping that anyone will feel generous enough to lend a hand. If not, I understand.

**Clips I need (heroes only-- no villains. Anti-heroes are probably okay):**

* Characters using some type of eye-beam/heat vision power (preferably Cyclops, Superman)

* Large characters leaping great distances (only person I can think of right now is The Hulk, but any character will do-- and tbqh, it doesn't even have to be one who would be considered "large," but that's just my preference. But the key here is that the character is leaping, not flying.)

* Powers involving electricity/fire (Pyro, Human Torch, Thor, etc.)

* Super speed

* The ability to see or sense something imminent without having to literally see it with one's own eyes (Spider-Man's Spider-Sense, for example)

* Super strength (The Hulk, The Thing, Superman, etc.)

* Superhuman reflexes

* Superhuman durability. This can apply to almost any character, I believe-- what I need is footage of characters who are clearly worn down after sustaining long-term injury during a fight (struggling to stand/breathe, but still attempting to fight), with visible damage (tattered costumes, cuts, blood, etc.), but not necessarily both, and not necessarily only those two

* Weather manipulation (of any kind-- Storm is probably the most likely candidate for this)

I think that's about it. I'm not asking anyone to tackle of all these at once, or even more than one. That'd be asking way too much. If I could get a helping hand for even half of these, I'd be appreciative.

Thanks in advance, guys. 




 This would be for a basketball project, so preferably someone with a non-regional, American accent, but I'll consider alternatives as well.

The voice-over itself should convey drama and a sort of quiet intensity. Something like a movie trailer (especially relevant since it's a basketball/film crossover project). If this sounds too specific, don't worry-- I'm definitely not picky.

Here's a sample line from the (349-word) script:

*While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble another well-known faction of superhuman allies.*

*Whether seeing the unseen with extra-sensory perception, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, true warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy and reality.*

Hopefully that sample elaborates well on the tone I'm looking for-- if not, I'd be glad to explain further, and also to answer any questions anyone has.

Note: I'm not sure if this would be considered long, but the entire script itself takes up just over half a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana, 9-point font).

**EDIT:** Wow, thanks for all the submissions, guys! I'm pleasantly surprised that I was able to get so many on the same day. I'll go over all of them by tomorrow morning (probably around 9-10 AM EST), but that doesn't mean that more entries aren't welcomed. Please, by all means, if you see this thread and want to submit something, feel free.

**EDIT 2:** As I said before, I very much appreciate all the entries. You guys are amazing. I'll try to make my decision by tonight, and most likely tomorrow afternoon at the latest.

Thanks again, everybody!

**EDIT 3:** I made my decision and added the appropriate flair to the thread. I can't thank everyone enough for their contributions, and I look forward to working with members of this subreddit in the future. 









 On a boxer's defensive style against a slower opponent:

*Ken’s were strides so elegant that he seemed to glide across the ring as he evaded the deadly right hook. Chasing his opponent across the squared circle, Cross was forced into a deadly defensive dance to which only [Ken] Cassidy knew the steps.* 




 Either blank can be as many words as you want, by the way. 




 But what about red? Most people naturally associate the color red (at least a darker red) with fear and dread, don't they? 




 Actually, this isn't a project that uses footage I'll be shooting. I make sports highlight videos. I probably should have specified that. My bad.

As for my skill level, I can tell you how good I am with Vegas (since I think you were asking about my talent as more of a traditional producer/director)-- I've been using it for at least 5 or 6 years now, so I know a lot beyond the basics. I know how to adjust and combine effects, transitions, etc., and even if there's something I don't know that would help me with this, I'm willing to learn.

Thanks. 




 It's not a full-on horror movie type of project, but I just want a sort of chilling, creepy, unnerving undertone to the video. Make it seem sort of like the trailer to a horror movie.

Any suggestions, guys?

Thanks.

**EDIT:** I apologize for not specifying. It's a sports video, just like all the projects I make. I should have definitely said so in the body of this post.

Here's a link to my channel if you're curious as to what exactly I make:

https://www.youtube.com/user/RayAP17/videos?view_as=public 




 Assume they won't tell you anything. All you can do is something that you think would make most people happy. 




 Next you'll tell me that the internet thinks cats like cheeseburgers or something. 




 Psh, right. Like there are random pictures of cats on the internet. 









 I downloaded the videos in FLV format, and I just used a simple non-re-encoding converter to convert them.

I honestly have no idea why they're coming out at 120 fps. The FLV files are without a doubt 30 fps. 




 I know it might seem strange to have a problem with 120 fps, but the thing is that I'm manually reducing the frame rate of each clip to about 18 fps. To do this with a 29.970 video, I simply change the event's "Undersample rate" to roughly 0.6. But for me to do this with a 120 fps, I'd have to set it much, much lower (0.150 to be exact). That's an extreme reduction, and I'm hesitant to use it, for fear of potential complications.

Is this something I should be concerned about, or can I go with the 0.150 undersample without worry? 




 OP and his boss know each other, so they can joke about things like this. He might not know his boss' mother, or she may be deceased. Even if neither of those are true, that comment would still upset a lot of people unless you're damn near best friends.

Now, if it was a female coworker, and he said something like "I know! We're not gonna get sex and you're gonna be broke!", that seems like it'd be fine, since, as you said, she made him the butt of a joke, so he in turn does the same to her. But not somebody in her family. 









 In my experience, managers will also suspect that the employee asked the customer to do this. 




 I really hope that you can't simply change containers by renaming the file, because if you can, I've been doing way too much work for years. 




 In all fairness, despite my comment, I think he meant work as in "labor," not work as in "your job."

I don't think he'd call it "work" if all someone does is sit in the tiny bookstore at the mall that nobody goes to and twiddle their thumbs all day. 




 Sounds like a guy who never stuffed and sealed hundreds of envelopes a day.

Boooooooooooooooooooooooooring! 




 You might get a guard dog that can catch a home invader in the act and maul the hell out of him, but I think you'd rather have a guard dog who scares would-be thieves from even attempting to break in. 




 MKVtoMP4, the program whose download page I linked to in the OP, converts files from (obviously) MKV to MP4 without re-encoding.

I don't know anything about anything, so I couldn't tell you how. I just know that it takes about 45 seconds to convert a one-and-a-half hour 720p video, whereas most standard converters take as long to convert the video as the length of the video itself (sometimes longer). 




 Damn, you are cold.

Pun not intended. 




 Yeah, I'd appreciate that. 




 I feel kinda stupid, but I honestly can't figure this program out. Is there a "Skip re-encode" option anywhere? It doesn't appear to be on by default. 




 Normally, to convert large and/or numerous files to MP4 or such, I use any of available programs that convert files without re-encoding-- this makes the process exponentially quicker.

I tried using [MKVtoMP4](http://www.videohelp.com/tools/MkvToMp4), but for some reason, when it converts FLV files, as opposed to MKV files, they come out at 120 frames per second (I need my footage at 60 FPS at the very most-- prefer 30). If anyone knows how to fix *that* specific problem, it would solve this issue as well.

I know that "a couple hundred" is a lot of files-- don't ask. If there was a way I could have procured all of these files in any other non-FLV format, or use the FLV files as-are, I promise I'd have done it or would do it. 




 I'll tell you know since I know how ruthless Reddit can be in the event of a noticeable meme mistake-- you didn't use this meme properly. There are only a few memes where one line of text is allowed, and this meme in particular is supposed to follow the "X... X everywhere" format. 




 I always sag my pants, even with a belt. I hate it when the bottom of my pants legs don't hang over my boots.

Hit me.  




 NO SNITCHIN, GRANDDAD 
























 Or am I the only one? I'm so used to a "0" being on the right side of that dash that it still looks weird to me.

I still occasionally do a double-take when I see things like:

*WrestleMania XXX: Brock Lesnar def. The Undertaker (pinfall)*

Before I remember that it actually happened.

By the way, here's something fun to do if you haven't already done so: Go back and watch the ending of that match, and look at the reaction of the visible front row fans. They didn't cheer. They didn't boo. They were *stunned.* You could see at least one of them shout "What?!" Others stood up and had legitimate looks of confusion and shock on their faces. It was the only reaction of its kind I've ever seen in WWE. 




 Yeah, it's Shawn Michaels. The way he changed as a person and was able to change his image has always amazed me. It was pretty much like an actual pro wrestling angle, and he was a real-life heel who turned face. 




 Let's not forget "Keep it up, mah nigga!" 




 Colin Delaney 




 That "Yup yup yup, what it do!" guy will become one of the most over, and simultaneously most credible, wrestlers on the roster. At least for a little while. 




 That drug-addicted prick who nobody backstage can even stand, except Triple H, is now the consensus greatest wrestler in professional wrestling history. 




 People remember Kizarny. 




 Mid-1980s:

Hulk Hogan will one day become the biggest heel in pro wrestling. 




 Vince McMahon will one day defeat God in a match.

Would people believe even Vince would go that far? 




 I'm not gonna lie, I thought that was Triple H. I think it's because Austin never smiles and I've never seen him without a goatee.

The downvotes. They are coming. 




 And will **fire Vince McMahon.**

(in kayfabe) 




 Daniel Bryan will get jobbed out in 18 seconds at WrestleMania for the World Heavyweight Championship.

"That's not really that unbelievable, WWE hates small indy guys."

But then he'll recover a few years later with arguably the greatest World Championship win in WrestleMania history. 




 One day, Jean-Paul Levesque, Brother Love's zombie client, and the guy who kicked Mary Jannetty and habitually wore the ugliest sunglasses in the world, will one day be a part of [one of wrestling's most memorable moments](http://metalarcade.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Wrestlemania-XXVIII-28-The-Undertaker-Triple-H-and-Shawn-Michaels.jpg). 




 It's too damn bad that gimmick was too damn bad. 




 That giant zombie who debuted at the 1990 Survivor Series? One day he'll become a bandana-wearing, motorcycle-riding, tobacco-spitting biker. For no reason.

Then he'll change back to being a zombie. 




 During the late 90s:

You know Goldberg? The guy who went 174-0? The guy who nobody, not even **the nWo** could take down? One day, he'll go to the WWF (hey, we're in the 90s, remember?) and he'll be pinned by Triple H three times, the first time occurring in his second PPV match. 




 That big, muscular guy with Reverend D'Von? The one who just stands around, hits people every once in a while, and never talks?

He's gonna carry the SmackDown brand in a few years and be arguably the most popular wrestler on the roster. 




 Randy Orton will become the youngest World Champion in WWE history by CLEANLY defeating the man that Triple H couldn't beat in three tries, including at WrestleMania. 




 But Jeff was so damn irresponsible that I always thought he'd never reach the top. Plus his mic skills are lacking, and they never gave him a mouthpiece to compensate. 




 And then Brock Lesnar will return after a four-fight UFC career, lose to Cena, then destroy him in the rematch so bad that Cena looked like a jobber. The most lopsided World Championship PPV match in WWE history.

NOBODY would believe that. 




 I don't think Triple H gets the credit he deserves for putting people over. 




 Speaking of which, go back to about... 2004, and tell someone this:

"Kane will defeat Undertaker in three consecutive pay-per-views, all while holding the World Heavyweight Championship, twice cleanly, and once inside The Undertaker's domain, **Hell in a Cell**."

They might punch you for saying something so stupid.

**EDIT:** Remember, that's something that no one else has ever done. 




 Jeff Hardy will become a multiple-time World Champion while Matt fades into obscurity. 




 Bald, plain black trunks, black boots? It'll never work. 




 Justin Hawk Bradshaw is now a rich, New York City business tycoon who dresses in custom-made suits and rides a limo to the ring. 




 Here's one that might cause a riot if you found some hardcore Undertaker marks prior to WrestleMania 30:

**21-1.** 




 What other changes would make people laugh at you if you told them it would happen before the fact? 




 I've never gotten this much link karma and lost this much comment karma in the same thread. 




 Why get picky about semantics? That's not saying that the character isn't canon, it's saying that in the ***MCU***, he's not recognized as Captain America. Most likely because America wasn't even an independent nation when the war started.

A costumed, patriotic superhero whose real name was Steve Rogers existed during the late 1700s in the MCU. I felt like that was interesting enough for a TIL. 




 Ouch, Reddit does NOT approve. 




   I hate his spinning and rolling shit.

"And check it out! It spins! -spins WWE Championship belt- :D" 




 _ 




 I'd like to think the fact that the character even exists is pretty interesting. I personally always like it when works of fiction rewrite history to include fictional characters participating in real historical events. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_incarnations_of_Captain_America#Steven_Rogers_.28Revolutionary_War_Era.29

-shrug-

If this is made up, whoever did so also happens to be really good at drawing characters in the same style as Marvel. 




 No need to apologize. It's not like you were a dick about it, and I'm pretty sure not being a dick is illegal on Reddit. 




 http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Khaki?s=t

*a garment made of this cloth, especially trousers.*

For what it's worth, I'm not one of those "The dictionary is always right" people. Language is way too complex for one singular source to be an infallible source of correct/incorrect, considering we have dialects, slang, colloquialisms, etc.

Just saying that some people use the word the way I used it. 




 And it's also a style of pants. 




 I still got nothin. 




 And why might that be? 




 -light bulb-

Is this where the infamous "Cane Dewey" promo came from? 




 Was Sign Guy in on it? Or did they wing it based on the sign?

Also, did Foley get a good amount of heat for the change? 




  Wait a minute. Aren't you that guy from GameFAQS?

The guy with the crush on Beth Phoenix who went to Raw to ask her out on December 8, 2008?

_ Nope. You're thinkin of someone else. 









 Grabs ropes with both hands, coils and gets ready to leap for a split-leg moonsault, stops, turns around, pins opponent.

Kickout.

Applies headlock. 




 I wasn't watching back then. What was that character like? 




  he's been a slow and boring "Look at me half-ass the moves I did well 15 years ago" show for a long time now

Seth Rollins posts on r/sq confirmed 




  Michael Shawn Hickenbottom though...still questioning that one...

Triple H: -snickers- Hickenbottom... 




 Another chinlock, R~~andy~~ob! 




 Why was this downvoted so much? Is it really that serious that I didn't know Rob Van Dam's middle name? 




 He could tease his high-flying moves and then not actually do them. Like leaping to the top turnbuckle for the Frog Splash, but then climbing back down like he changed his mind. Because that's not what's bess for biznez. 




 I believe I have heard this. Just like Big E's real name is Bigamus Ernell Langston. 




 "Alexander"?

I like the idea of him wrestling under his real name, though. 














 [Expected this](http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/3/14/15/enhanced-buzz-7775-1363288292-1.jpg) 




 I think Sandy looks cute. It's her buck teeth I think. They're so adorable! 









 I think I'd agree with that statement, for a lot of reasons. 




  I would like to see a Superman whose abilities are limited to Superhuman strength with invulnerability to match - but still possible to get injured when fighting other super powered individuals.

You just pretty much described The Hulk, I think. Minus the whole anger thing. 




 [Turns out he can't do everything. He apparently struggles with math](http://supermathematics.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/superman.jpg) 




 What aspect of my issues makes you say that? Just curious, asking for the sake of knowing. 




 I'm really glad you posted this for a couple of reasons:

* 1. It's awesome
* 2. It actually brings me back to my original point (which is a bit of a logic bomb, since you addressed it in the post itself, but here goes nothing)

Ever since you put this post up, I've been staring at it and skimming over it, but couldn't bring myself to actually read it from start to finish, even though I know, like I said, it's a great post. I think if God were depressed, he'd look for something like this to help him get through it. I digress, however.

The way I reacted to this post, considering how counterintuitive my reaction was, angers me greatly. I live in constant fear of panic attacks and severe depressive episodes (or at least *more* severe than my normal mood), so I never take risks. Not even small ones, like reading an epic post on Reddit about how I can beat my depression.

It angers me because it affects my entire life, including any attempts I might try to make to actually overcome depression. Depression might be an asshole, but it's a *brilliant* one-- it's a disease that affects people in such a way that it becomes incredibly difficult to cure it.

A good analogy, in my opinion, would be if the only way to cure a severely sore throat (I'm talkin burning, scorching, "Oh my God, did I drink a lava and magma smoothie this morning?" sore) was to swallow a painkiller that severely hurts your throat. That would suck, wouldn't it? And who knows if it would even work? You'd have to take the chance that you might all but destroy your throat just to try fixing it, and you might put yourself in exponentially more pain than you're already in. And for nothing if it doesn't work.

That's what I go through. Anything I can do to try to help myself makes me feel like I'm cutting bomb wires. Unfortunately, this isn't a movie, so an explosion is far more likely than a stroke of luck accompanied by dramatic music as I miraculously cut the right wire.

I've had one panic attack in my life. I'll never forget it. It was terrible. There's no reason to really go into more detail-- I'm sure you can imagine (if you haven't had the misfortune of experiencing one yourself). Ever since then, I've lived my life around the fear of going through that again. That's why I struggle to get out of bed and get in the shower. Or go out and look for a job. Or exercise. Or travel anywhere outside of walking distance.

The people around me don't help, either. I don't know why I talk about this to people who just make it worse (maybe I'm that desperate for someone to talk to?), but I hear words like "lazy" and "unappreciative" and "worthless." A lot. I don't think I'm any of those things. I think "unmotivated" or "scared" describes me better. But hey, I could be wrong.

I'm also *incredibly* sensitive, and a lot of people think the best cure for depression is tough love. That's not true-- not for everyone. I'd much rather have a pat on the back and an "It's going to be okay" than being yelled at by a drill sergeant. Unfortunately, there aren't too many people willing to be the former, and there are a lot of people willing to be the latter. It's like people are angry at me for being depressed, and that just angers *me* even more.

Oh, and here's another kicker. Since I'm so sensitive and enjoy it when I get a pat on the back, here's what happens on the rare occasions I'm actually happy: It makes me depressed.

"Well, that doesn't make any sense..." No, it doesn't. But I know why it happens. If I'm happy at all for any length of time, people might think I'm happy all the time, and I won't get the support I want. That scares me, because I know I can go from moderately content to severely depressed in an instant, and people in general are not really willing to deal with mood swings. "You were just happy, why the fuck are you all pissy now? I don't have time for this, leave me alone."

So what does this mean? It means two things:

* 1. When I'm depressed, I'm depressed.
* 2. When I'm happy, I'm depressed. Just for a different reason.

Think about *that*. I don't even know what else to say. 




 I stand corrected. Again.

_ Bad day, not in a great mood right now. 




 Why do people always do this? What's your point? Some people don't know a lot about Superman and find this fact interesting.

Get over yourself ffs. 




 -nods-

Well done. 




 I stand corrected. Do you know what year that's from? 




 Indeed. I believe I also read that anything stronger than a bullet could easily kill him, as could a speeding train. 









 Oh, I should have mentioned, I am taking medication to try and stymie my depression/anxiety. And the sad part is, right now, based on what I described in the OP, I'd say I'm better than I was before the meds.

But now it feels like they can't help me anymore and I'm still, as you said, "depressed as all hell," and I don't know how to fix it.

I've tried a psychologist, and he would give me things to do that he thought would help me overcome my depression, but it didn't work. The few times I was able to find the motivation to actually do the "homework" he'd assign, it just made me feel worse because it took me out of my comfort zone, and that scares the hell out of me. 




 I won't waste your time with sob stories or whatever. Bottom line is this-- I feel like shit on a regular basis. Most people have a neutral mood that they're in most of the time-- I don't. The average person's neutral mood is my negative mood, and the average negative mood is "panic attack, maybe I should kill myself" mood (I don't go through that too often, though).

I'm sitting here, right now, as we speak, in front of my 65-inch television, with my brand-new Xbox One (that I just bought yesterday) turned on, and with NBA 2K15, a game that I find to be amazing, started up.

I have something right in front of me that I consider to be a privilege to have and a game that I remember playing yesterday and having tons of fun with it-- plus, basketball is absolutely the sport I enjoy most.

So why can't I get up the motivation to pick up the damn controller and start a game? I'm in my melancholic mood right now, and I have a weird phobia (that I've had as long as I can remember) that something bad will happen and make my mood worse (which would bring me closer to my "Panic attack/suicidal thoughts" mood, which I fear more than pretty much anything in the entire world). This is despite the fact that, as I said, the game is awesome and I have had fun with it. This happens with pretty much everything in my life-- I spend a lot of time staring at my computer screen and doing nothing, or sleeping.

I can see it coming (no offense to anyone), so I'll say this-- I've actually tried the "Just get up, fight what your mind is telling you, and do it" technique. It works less often than not. Even if nothing goes wrong when I'm, for example, playing a video game, I spend the whole time so worried that something will *eventually* go wrong that I can't enjoy it.

WTF is wrong with me, and how in the hell do I fix it? 




 Are you trying to say that men can't be strippers?

SEXIST 




 Here's the effect I want:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFi7XJHKVbw

The clip would be roughly that long, and like I said, I'll give you the clip (will probably provide several clips and let you decide which one would be easiest to which to apply this effect). Also, I don't need the sound. Just the visual.

I know that creating this effect is a tedious process, so I hope $40 or more is enough compensation for that. If you feel otherwise, like I said, I'm willing to negotiate. 




 * John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died on July 4, 1826, the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence.

* [Richard Parker](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Parker_%28shipwrecked%29)

* British novelist Dame Rebecca West was writing a story in which a girl finds a hedgehog in her garden. Just as West finished this passage, she was interrupted by servants who informed her they had just found a hedgehog in her garden.

* In 1899 a bolt of lightning killed a man as he stood in his backyard in Taranto, Italy.
Thirty years later his son was killed in the same way and in the same place.
On October 8, 1949, Rolla Primarda, the grandson of the first victim and the son of the second, became the third.

* In Detroit sometime in the 1930s, a young (if incredibly careless) mother must have been eternally grateful to a man named Joseph Figlock. As Figlock was walking down the street, the mother's baby fell from a high window onto Figlock. The baby's fall was broken and both man and baby were unharmed. A stroke of luck on its own, but a year later, the very same baby fell from the very same window onto poor, unsuspecting Joseph Figlock as he was again passing beneath.

Sources:

http://web.archive.org/web/20120316202416/http://nephiliman.com/Paralells.htm

http://www.icsahome.com/elibrary/studyguides/education/astopunlikelyeventsandcoincidence

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States_by_date_of_death

I also recall a coincidence about a typhoon or something or another deterring an attack from the same military attempting to invade the same country at least twice. Maybe three times. If anyone knows what I'm talking about, I'd be very interested in hearing about it again. 









 At first you said "I must not have blanked for a few seconds," so I thought you were being sarcastic and telling me I was wrong.

No harm done. Honest mistake. And tbh, I suspect that seeing Orton instantly put you sleep until he was off the screen. He's been known to do that. 




 And God's already got his back against the wall. He's 0-1 in WWE! 




 It was definitely 666.

* 6 = most wrestlers to compete in one Hell in a Cell match
* 6 = most Hell in a Cell victories in WWE history by one wrestler, shared by Triple H and Undertaker
* 6 = this will be Randy Orton's 6th match inside Hell in a Cell 




 This is why WWE's hype videos are almost completely unrivaled. I love these subtleties. 









 Thanks again for the help, and know that I definitely do appreciate it. Unfortunately, those programs didn't work either.

I got a tip from another user and I think he earned the five bucks. Sorry that you went through all this for nothing :-( 




 It actually did, and it works very well. Thanks for your willingness to help, though. 




 Tried it, and it didn't work the way it says it would at all. Kinda disappointing since it's specifically for NBA.com.

Good find, though. 




 No, I checked. Some of the videos on nba.com aren't available on the NBA YouTube site.

Like [this one](http://www.nba.com/video/channels/top_plays/2014/09/26/20140927-top-games-harden-por.nba/) 




 http://www.vspsedu.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/start-your-success-today.jpg 




 Unfortunately, that didn't work. It works on YouTube and everything, but on nba.com, I feel like they must have calibrated their videos in some way that doesn't allow you to download the video stream as an MP4, flv, or any video file type that's ever existed (only as some other, weird formats that I don't recognize at all). 




 http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav

I used to be able to use a program called "Flash Video Downloader," but that no longer works for me (only on this site, just like every other flash downloader I've tried).

The first person who can find a way to download the videos on that site that works with all of the videos gets five bucks, as long as it's something that I can do as well (because if I can't, what's the point?). Maybe there's a flash video downloader program out there I haven't tried that would work, but I'm tired of looking.

PM me if you find a way. 




 I think requiring that the two verses be "fire," and the fact that they have to be about something that isn't commonly rapped about (school) is worth more than 2 bucks. No offense. 




 I'll give it a shot if you still need someone 




 No. I think they changed something about the video format or something on nba.com, because I can still download other flash videos just fine.

It sucks too, because there's a bunch of video on nba.com that I can't get anywhere else.

I'm still looking for other programs, though. 




 Sounds like they...

**Gotcha.** 




 Elaborate? 




 What if the game was on the cheap? 




 So nobody wants a chance at free shit?

Dang. 




  tvz for zero. Regrets were made.

Bad game, or just not worth it for a singular character? 









 I'm thinking about buying Tekken 6, just for Steve Fox. I love characters in fighting games who use traditional boxing-- it's a very underused fighting style IMO, and I'm a boxer myself, so I appreciate it more.

Plus, [I love the way they've replaced his kicks with sways, dips and dodges.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzRlsEdj69s) Makes me appreciate his style as a boxer even more. 




 What's a "mix up"? 




  If you're just in an experimenting phase, that's OK

Yeah, pretty much. I literally haven't played any mode other than Practice. 




  Who do you play in injustice?

Either Nightwing, The Flash, or Cyborg, and sometimes Deathstroke. In the event of the first three, I like quick, agile characters who feel light and easy to move around with, and as for Deathstroke, I have a thing for characters who use guns. Which will explain a lot in about 5 seconds.

 umvc3? 

Dante, Vergil, Chris, Deadpool, Spider-Man, Wesker, Captain America, Spencer, Ghost Rider, Hawkeye. 




  Oh and delete that mk vs dc.. that game is ass

:-( 




 I've never been a hardcore fighting gamer, and I just recently started to seriously get into them, but I feel like it would be a lost cause for me to try to memorize all the combos that are available, plus the special moves and the incredibly deep strategy that's all part of the fighting game experience.

Any advice for a newb on how to improve at a given fighting game (I own Injustice, Mortal Kombat vs DC, and Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3), considering my strange phobia of not being able to memorize all the combos necessary while still maintaining good strategy?

Also, for the record, I don't even necessarily want to be a master. I'm 99% sure I'd just play the CPU, but at the same time, I don't want to just put it on easy and be a button masher. I want to be good at the game and be a strategist.

Please be nice-- I'm just a newb :-( 




  Skinny is not the same as fit.

I know that. I'm about as far from physically fit as a person can be. 




 Oh, no, I'm sorry if I wasn't clear. I was actually talking about once I start a job. I feel like it's a good idea, but I'm not sure. I've never actually tried energy shots before, and I take a ton of prescription meds for depression/anxiety and something called Crohn's disease. 




 I've had some trouble in the past maintaining a high level of energy throughout a work day. Is this a good idea?

I'm going to try my best to start working out consistently soon (I'm not a fat load FWIW-- I'm actually pretty skinny), but for now, what do you guys think? 




 Still interested? 




 Name the only wrestler(s) to defeat Goldberg more than once in WCW and/or WWE, and never by disqualification. 




 Yeah, I've heard how the people in the clip have to be in a certain position for the effect to even be possible to begin with.

Would it be possible for you to explain exactly what I should look for to make the effect possible? I want the footage to be in motion like the GIF I linked to.

Or maybe I can give you an example of a clip I might want to use and you can explain to me why it would or wouldn't work? 




 It's actually not gonna be footage that I've recorded myself-- it'll be a basketball clip just like the one you mentioned.

Will that still work? 




 Would someone be willing to create a short Jumper/Nightcrawler video clip for a project I'm doing? [Something like this](http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/.element/media/2.0/teamsites/spurs/imgs/E775Qom.gif). Nothing long at all.

As said in the title, I'll gladly pay for the clip since I know how complex an effect this can be.

Anyone who's interested can post here or PM me.

Thanks, guys. 




 I used to use a program called [Flash Video Downloader](http://download.cnet.com/Flash-Video-Downloader-Youtube-Downloader-for-Firefox/3000-11745_4-10825131.html) to collect videos to watch from [the NBA.com streaming video page](http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav), but for some reason, it's not working anymore. The program itself 

I've tried other programs such as Replay Media Catcher, and I've also tried other browsers (my default browser is Firefox) as well, all with no luck.

What's weird to me is that on [certain pages on NBA.com](http://hangtime.blogs.nba.com/?ls=iref:nba:gnav), I can download the streaming videos the way I normally used to, but I can't do so on the page I linked to at the beginning of this post.

Anyone have any suggestions? Maybe someone could try a program they use and see if it works?

I'd look elsewhere for the videos, but I've looked extensively, and NBA.com is definitely the only place I can get these videos.

Thanks. 




 ... oh, my God. 




 Sure, no problem.

It's a basketball/comic book movie crossover video. It combines NBA footage with footage from live-action superhero movies.

As far as your question about literal slashing/slicing, it is and it isn't. In the context of the superhero films, it is literal, using footage from characters like Wolverine, Blade, etc., and at the same time, it's figurative, because it's being combined with basketball clips that resemble the movie actions.

I can show you better than I can tell you. Here's a good example of what the video mostly consists of:

http://4.ii.gl/ykOrs_HE.gif

See how I combined the two clips so that the narration applies literally and metaphorically? That's basically the theme of the video.

Thanks for your interest. 




 **NOTE:** This is actually my third time requesting this voiceover. I apologize for this, but there have been complications the last two times. I promise to ensure that this this won't happen again and will communicate with any and all users kind enough to offer their services.

Anyways, I put some links below that have the type of voice inflection I'm looking for. As I said in the title, I want a dramatic narration that evokes strong emotion and implies to the viewer that they're about to witness something monumental-- something *epic*.

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2J2tMsVtn0
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI0j9Ds3gso
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ8UYtew9NM
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgF-D10VVVc
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9unFBt-ni2A

Here's a sample of the script-- the entire thing (281 words) takes up less than a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana 9 point):

*While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very notion of physical limitation.... magicians whose artistic lethality can slash a foe to shreds with surgical precision and the sharpest of cuts.*

*Whether using the art of clairvoyance to sense what the eyes cannot, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, these warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy... and reality.*

One thing I want to say, and I hope this isn't being too picky, is that with words like "reality," "mortal," and "fantasy," I prefer hard "T"s as opposed to soft "T"s when pronouncing the words (if you know what I mean).

Thanks to any and all who offer. 




 **Location:**

* Philadelphia, PA (obviously available to provide work to a client in any location, provided a digital copy of the work can be provided)

**Skills:**

* Proofreader, editor

**Contact information (ask for Raymond Pace):**

* Email- rpacejr19@yahoo.com (first preference)
* Reddit- train_subject8683 (second preference, either PM or in this thread)
* Telephone #1- (484) 494-0817
* Telephone #2- (267) 616-2143

**Why you should hire me to proofread/edit for you:**

As said in the title, I guarantee to offer the best rates for my work-- flexible prices, no job too small or too big, so long as I'm given adequate time to communicate with the client and finish the job (which shouldn't be a problem, since I have plenty of free time and consistent, reliable access to my computer). 

I'll also make sure to put your project(s) on top of my priority list so as to provide immediate results well before the due date, and to provide constant communication with any given client(s). I'll do everything in my power to make sure you get exactly what you want as quickly as possible at the most reasonable prices.

Thanks to any and all who consider my services. 




 I'd definitely be willing to help. I'm an experienced writer with tons of free time. I'll send you an email. 




 Much thanks. 




 I'm an excellent writer/proofreader/editor (I really don't mean to brag, but I feel like I've all but mastered the English language when it comes to proper grammar/spelling/word usage/etc.), but I don't have a college degree. I've thought about posting fliers at a local college and offering cut prices, and/or also posting to /r/forhire.

Is any of this plausible? Is there anything else I can do that doesn't require a mastery of a certain skill?

I'm not asking for anything that'll put tons of money in my pocket. Just anything extra I can make-- something is always better than nothing. Whether it's $5 or $50 at a time, I'll take it.

Thanks, guys. 









 No, but I haven't been successful in getting further than applying for any and all desk jobs since my last one. 




 I've had a couple colonoscopies, but nothing like that. I just take prescriptions medications everyday and make sure to report to my GI at least once a month.

What complications have you run into with doctors? 




 What exactly is FMLA? 




 That's definitely good to know. I'll keep that in mind for sure.

Thanks. 




 I think I'm somewhat good at knowing at least basic concepts (MOFO, MOFC, Cover 0/1/2 shell, etc.), but I always want to get better.

One thing I'm confused about is that I hear people say that you should look down the field first when the ball is snapped, to see if anything is open deep, and *then* look at the checkdown routes. But I've also heard that you should look at the primary route first-- so what if the primary route IS a checkdown (drag, short out/in, etc.)? 

Should I look at that route first or still look deep before glancing at the short routes? This always confused me.

Any advice, guys? Thanks. 




 Elaborate? 




 Wow, thanks.

For what it's worth, if you require a feeding tube, you shouldn't feel too bad about struggling with self-sufficiency. I do sometimes as well. It's not your fault, so don't be too hard on yourself. It sounds like you have it way worse than me. 




 Unless I find a desk job (which, even then, might result in complications every now and then), it'll be almost impossible for me to work full time. I'm afraid that being honest about this up front will lessen my chance of getting a position.

Any advice on the matter, guys?

Thanks in advance. 




 I'm not in school, I don't have a job, and I'm moving to Arizona from Philadelphia (West Philadelphia, born and raised, yadda yadda yadda) for a fresh start at the beginning of next year.

I have enough money in my savings to pay rent and utilities until I make the move, at which point I'll be attending college in Phoenix.

I've had trouble finding a job here, which is the reason I'm making the move. At the same time, though, I would like to find some way to earn and save up some money to take with me, even if it's only the smallest amount. **To be perfectly truthful, I've got a few dollars saved up, and I want to see if I can buy a PS4 at around Christmas time, maybe sooner,** and then hopefully have at least a few hundred left prior to the trip. There's really no reason for me to just sit around when I could be potentially earning money, since I have the privilege of having more free time than most people in my situation.

Instead of looking for work like I normally would be, I'm mostly preparing for the move or just lounging around. I think my free time would be best spent doing whatever I can to earn money on the side. Does anyone have any suggestions? Anything at all-- I'm willing to sell some of my possessions that I don't use (I've also heard that selling blood/plasma is a good way to get some quick cash).

If you guys have any questions that I can answer which would help you to help me, feel free to ask. Also, if there are any other subreddits I could/should post this thread, I'm definitely listening. I apologize as well if this isn't considered on-topic.

Thanks in advance.

**EDIT :** Instead of waiting for you guys to ask me if I have certain resources that can be used to make a little cash, I figured it'd be better for me to at least give you a summary of what I have.

I've gone through a lot of computers in the last decade or so, which has left me with a lot of parts (chargers, monitors, frames, keyboards, non-working laptops, etc.). Can I sell those for parts at local computer shops?

I also have a semi-working iPod (it's a lot closer to not working than it is to working-- mostly because the power button is screwed to hell and it's a matter of luck to get it to power on, and it sometimes has trouble charging), and I have a smart phone with a cracked screen that I think works otherwise.

I'll update you guys if I find anything else I think I might be able to sell. Meanwhile, I'm still all ears regarding ideas that don't necessarily involve selling physical items I don't use. 




 Wrestling itself is getting way more meta than it's ever been, with great heels who actually have good characters (Heyman is obviously one-- Bray Wyatt is another) and aren't "I don't like you, me you fight" cookie-cutters.

A lot of times, those heels tend to be devilish/demonic in nature. The Sith Lord comparison was a good one for Heyman, whereas Wyatt molds himself more along the lines of Darth Vader, obviously. 




 I chose one user, but he had lots of trouble recording. I tried to give him as much time as he needed, but he eventually just told me that I should seek someone else. I didn't hold it against him, and I appreciated his effort.

I remember the fact that there was definitely more than one entry that I liked in my previous thread, but all the samples have expired. If you (or anyone else who posted in that original thread) still have that audition sample from the first thread, I'd be more than happy to listen to it again. Or, if you want to record a new audition sample, I'd definitely appreciate that as well. 




 "... I guess I'll be taking that milksteak to go, then." 




  So the language used in this sample gave me a really big fantasy vibe

Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going for. It's a basketball/comic-book film crossover video project, and the wording I used was for drama, especially since it's based on the fantastical element of professional sports.

 But a few questions, is this sample a wrap up or an intro for these warriors of the hardwood? Also, what will be playing underneath if anything visual/audio?

The sample is from the intro, but it's not the end of the intro. It's from the middle of the intro, closer to the end.

There's gonna be trailer music playing underneath, with NBA footage combined with footage from modern Marvel/DC live-action films.

Thanks for showing interest, BTW! 




 Ah, that's a good one. It's funny too, because Dennis (I think it was him) acted really insincere when Charlie first broke the news to him.

* Charlie: I might have cancer.
* Dennis: Yeah... can I get that basketball, though? The guys are waiting... 




 This would be for a basketball project, so preferably someone with a non-regional, American accent, but I'll consider alternatives as well.

The voice-over itself should convey drama and a sort of quiet intensity. Something like a movie trailer (especially relevant since it's a basketball/film crossover project). If this sounds too specific, don't worry-- I'm definitely not picky.

Here's a sample line from the (281-word) script:

*While their fiery glares are incapable of slaying the enemy, these nearly omnipotent men show extraordinary abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very notion of physical limitation.*

*Whether seeing the unseen with extra-sensory perception, or fighting injuries that would disable mortal men, true warriors of the hardwood know not the difference between fantasy and reality.*

Hopefully that sample elaborates well on the tone I'm looking for-- if not, I'd be glad to explain further, and also to answer any questions anyone has.

All offers are appreciated, and I will make sure to personally listen to all of them so as to ensure that no one's time is wasted.

Thanks in advance to any and everyone who chooses to contribute.

Note: I'm not sure if this would be considered long, but the entire script itself takes up just over half a page in Microsoft Word (Verdana, 9-point font). 




 Might just do that.

Thanks. 




 I wish I had the confidence to do this. I really do. 




  What's the make and model number of your laptop?

http://www.dell.com/us/dfb/p/precision-m6400/pd 




 I'm definitely no good at taking computers apart, even on a basic level.

Also, how can we be sure that the cooling fan and whatnot need cleaning, and that this will solve the problem? I always just assumed that this make and model of laptop had an inherent problem with overheating, even with a squeaky clean fan and such. 




 And by "funny," I mean "confounding and slightly annoying."

I've had this laptop for about 5 years or so. I can't really afford to get a new one right now (even a cheap one), so that's out before anyone suggests it (although all suggestions are welcome).

It's always had one glaring problem-- the processor sometimes overheats, which makes the computer lag, for lack of better terminology. The cursor doesn't move right away when I use the touchpad, videos freeze, and the CPU Usage shoots up to 100%, making it almost impossible to even use the laptop until it goes back to normal (which usually takes about 3-5 minutes, depending on a number of factors). I can feel right above the keyboard to see how hot the processor is to the touch, and that's a good indicator of how well it'll probably perform.

Recently, my air conditioner broke down, so I had to replace it with a basic oscillating fan. I kept the air conditioner across the room, but the fan is right next to my bed.

The way I'm positioned basically has the fan blowing on me and the laptop at the same time. This has actually prevented the laptop from overheating ever since I made the change to the fan. Unbelievable, right?

That said, there's clearly something to this. I do have a laptop cooler (CM Storm) that I'm using right now, and it undoubtedly helps, but my laptop has never stayed as cool as it's been for the last few days. I can actually watch streaming video and 720 HD without a problem, and the processor (right above the keyboard, like I mentioned above) isn't scorching hot to the touch anymore, ever. It's like heaven.

Now, knowing this, what can I do to emulate the effect that the fan is having on my laptop, if anything? It's truly amazing to me, but I don't want to constantly have a fan blowing on me to get the most out of my laptop.

Any suggestions?

Thanks, guys. 




 Is that how it works? I thought it matched video with copyrighted material. 




  My memory has turned to shit because i don't remember any of this.

Probably because this match was basically "Bill Goldberg feat. the Elimination Chamber (oh, and five other wrestlers)." 




 Beats the gray hair, doesn't it? 




 If you rewind it a little bit, King sounds REALLY weird. The sound might have been messed with by the uploader. 









 Well, Frank does horrible things to people, mostly for money, or so that he can "bang whores."

Dennis is such a playboy that he's willing to imply that he'll rape a woman just to coerce them into sex. His D.E.N.N.I.S system also has "scumbag" written all over it. 




 What about everything Charlie does for the waitress? Yes, he creeps her out and annoys her to no end, but he means well. He tries to do nice things for her and he wants her to be happy. He's just a screwup and is almost as unattractive as a man can possibly be.

[spoiler](/s "And, as seen in Season 8, she actually needs Charlie in her life, by her own admission, no less.") 




 Charlie... stop wearing clothes you find washing up under bridges.

... unless you boil them first. 




 Tie between Dennis and Frank 









 Yeah. The episode is called "Pop-Pop: The Final Solution." 









 In all fairness, JBL is good for stuff like this from time to time. I never knew Heath Slater was a Golden Gloves boxer (unless that was made-up; I couldn't find anything official on it with a quick Google search). 




 And both losses were by disqualification. He has not yet been pinned or made to submit. He's also defeated the team of R-Truth and Xavier Woods in a 2-on-1 handicap match.

For context, record after wrestlers' first two losses (whether by DQ, countout, pinfall, or submission) in WWE/WWF/WWWF, only counting singles matches:

* Brock Lesnar: 11-2
* Kane: 4-2
* The Undertaker: 32-2
* Ultimate Warrior: 12-2
* Hulk Hogan: 6-2
* Andre The Giant: 31-2

Goldberg actually retired undefeated (24-0) in one-on-one matches during his WWE career, with two draws (against Kane and Shawn Michaels respectively).

For the above wrestlers, I didn't count draws towards their records, obviously-- just wins and losses.

There's some completely useless knowledge for you, r/sq. It's what I do best. _

Source:

http://www.profightdb.com/ 




 Is digital art your favorite hobby/activity? 




  When you're feeling really down is NOT the time to try and do things because when you realise how discouraged you are it will make you feel worse.

This happens pretty much any time I feel down but I try to do things anyway. That's why I feel like I'm getting closer and closer to going for alcohol, to loosen me up a little, I guess. 




 Make sure you let your doctor know about your suicidal thoughts. You probably already know that already, though.

Keep us updated. 




 I thought about maybe resorting to alcohol. I've never been a drinker, but I was hoping maybe the fact that alcohol reduces inhibition would take away that feeling.

Do you guys have any suggestions or thoughts on this? Possibly stories of first-hand experience? 




 He did it fo da ppl? 




 It's absolutely ridiculous how well he plays his character and the subtleties he uses to do so.

And he's probably around the age of most of us. 









 [First off, my referral link.](http://mypr.link/1327185)

I'll probably ask a question along the lines of "Who's my favorite basketball player?", and the first user to guess right (one guess per user) will get a PM from me and can request a prize that costs X amount of points at the maximum (depending on how many points I have to spare).

I may change it to every five referrals if I get a lot, so there's more incentive to actually give this a shot.

Thanks in advance, guys. 




 AJ's theme is about lighting up the sky with shooting stars, and is a bright, vibrant song.

Paige's theme is about ripping stars from the sky and creating darkness.

And they happen to be feuding. 




 Was it? How long did he have the theme before his exile from Evolution? It was a while, wasn't it?

Was it even a custom song for Orton? I swear I heard that it was an actual song already that WWE purchased the rights to. 




 "Burn in My Light" also fits Randy Orton's feud with Evolution perfectly.

*Nothing you can say, nothing's gonna change what you've done to me*

*Now it's time to shine, I'm gonna take what's mine*

*While you're burning inside my light*


*I gave and you take*

*And I waited for you but I made a mistake*

*It's clear that your fear is so near to me*

*Because I see the look on your face*

*You tried to hold me under... I held my breath*

*Alone and now you wonder what I possess* 




 Studio audience: Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww... (one guy coughs) 




 I like it better when things like this happen and aren't planned. 




 Well done, WWE. 




 On my first day working stock at a retail store, I worked from 6AM-12 noon for $7.75 an hour. I am absolutely, 100% positive of all of that.

At noon, me and my two co-workers were given the usual break after the first part of our shift (loading the merchandise from the truck into the store).

First, let me say this about my supervisor-- she seemed to have an attitude with me from the start. She would hang up on me rudely while we were on the phone ("I'm in the middle of working, goodbye" without giving me a chance to even respond) and actually decided to keep talking to a co-worker about what was pretty much nothing but bullshit when I first inquired about the job. I actually had to wait until they stopped gossiping about other people before I could talk to her.

Anyway, at about 12:30 on that first day, I asked her how long she needed me for the day. That's all I said. I said "How long do you need me here today?" I will admit I looked tired, because I was, but she (to this day) believes that I asked to go home early, which I didn't.

Even when she said "You can go home, Raymond," I hesitated and started to say something along the lines "No, I didn't want to--" and she interrupted me with "You can go home, Raymond" again. Fine, I can take a hint. You don't want me here today-- yeah, I was working a little slowly and didn't know what I was doing a lot. Maybe that's because I received no training, not even a pamphlet on how to identify where to place which items (the aisles were conveniently NOT labeled at all). But whatever. I left.

At that point, right before I left, she said she will call me when she needs me. I said okay, thank you. Also, later that day, I sent a text to one of my co-workers, and he said the Monday morning shift is from 6AM to 2PM. That's all I wanted to know from her, but moving on...

After she didn't call for a week to give me hours, I called her and asked what was going on and also why I didn't get my direct-deposit paycheck. She claimed that:

1. I only worked half a day on Monday, which is 3 1/2 hours, so I only earned roughly $23, and
2. That I was a no-call no-show for the rest of that week.

How in the world can it be a no-call no-show if I wasn't even assigned to work? That doesn't make any sense. She said "**I will call YOU when we need you.**" Then she blamed ME for not calling HER and is trying to claim that as a no-call no-show? I don't understand.

And I know damn well I worked more than 3 1/2 hours. I got there before she did (at about 5:45 AM-- was told to be there by 6), started work as soon as possible (somewhere between 6:15-6:25, since SHE was late), and I know if I ask any of my co-workers, they'll say we definitely didn't finish the first part of our shift until about noon, which is right before I "asked to go home."

I didn't get a chance to clock in and out, which would solve all this nonsense (at least the monetary part), because she didn't have my employee numbers ready.

When I asked her about the status of my job after he "No-call no-show" comment, she replied "What job?" Again, I can take a hint. I didn't even bother pushing any further. I told her I'd go pick up my measly fucking $23 tomorrow (in so many words) and I even had the courtesy to say "Thank you" (which actually still baffles me).

Why am I being blamed for everything? And why did I lose my job because she didn't call me back and then told HR that I was a no-call no-show, AND told them I worked half a day, when I worked til noon on a day I was supposed to stay until 2? That's NOT half a day. Anybody can do that math. Places I've worked in the past, your hours don't get rounded down based on when you come in and when you leave. You get paid based on the hours during which you work.

And why does she keep saying I asked to go home? What kind of BS is that? I did no such thing. The fact that she INTERPRETED it that way isn't my fault. I never said anything along the lines of "Can I leave now?" or "Is it okay if I go home early today?" I said "How long do you need me here?"

If I'm wrong, please let me know, and explain why. I'm dying to know. 




 I didn't mean that specific graphic, just something like it. Was just trying to show what style of print I like. 




 Basically something like this:

http://www.rothco.com/upload/product/product//66310_HR.jpg

But on a tank top. Is there a place that allows one to customize tank tops with graphics, or perhaps people who offer to take plain tank tops and draw designs on them?

Thanks. 




 Looking for something resembling either one, or even some possible combination of the two 
























 I've had her for about 6 months (she belonged to my ex-roommate and/or his mom for a couple of years), and sometimes when I bend down to pet her, she runs and hides (and sometimes she doesn't and just lets me pet her).

She likes to snuggle next to me when we both sleep at night, and she climbs on top of me when she wants affection.

I do know that she doesn't like to be picked up though, but sometimes I have to. She'll thrash around and make noise when I pick her up, and I'm not sure if I'm hurting her or she just doesn't like it.

Other than that, I never hurt her on purpose (not even as punishment for doing something bad like I know some pet owners do), I make sure her litter box is clean, I feed her and give her water (and even share my own food with her sometimes), and like I said, I let her sleep next to me even though she has her own bed and it restricts my movement when she's in the bed with me.

Is me picking her up sometimes the reason she runs away from me sometimes? 




  How exactly does it affect you?

 What's so weird about it?

I don't know, it just feels... different. I guess because I'm used to seeing the character take one step after another when I move them, instead of floating. Maybe they feel lighter than characters who walk.

I also noticed that with Zod, the way he walks makes him feel heavier when I use him, which also feels weird to me.

Like I said, it might be something I could get used to, and tbh, I do appreciate the fact that different characters all have different stances, even to the extent that some don't even touch the ground (although it might be cool if you could choose to float or walk as Superman or something, since he doesn't levitate everywhere in the comics/films). 




 In *Injustice*, Superman, Green Lantern, and I think a couple of other characters don't stand-- they float roughly two inches off the ground and glide when you move.

Is it me, or does that just feel extremely weird? Is it something one can eventually get used to? 




 -top of ladder reads "THIS IS NOT A STEP"-

-Calvin immediately decides that he *will* use it as a step- 




 In [one strip](http://assets.amuniversal.com/07d60d60df8e01317256005056a9545d) Calvin claims that Hobbes cleans himself by licking his fur, which is very true about most, if not all cats.

Now, Calvin is obsessed with dinosaurs and has amazingly thorough knowledge of them, but he never exhibits real interest in any other animals (except [snakes in one strip](http://assets.amuniversal.com/ebd6bec0784d01302116001dd8b71c47), and [wasps/spiders in another](http://assets.amuniversal.com/d295bca0deca013171a6005056a9545d)). We also know [Calvin hates school because "[We] don't read about dinosaurs."](http://assets.amuniversal.com/541c1540decb013171a6005056a9545d)

So how would Calvin know that cats lick themselves clean unless he's *really* seen Hobbes do it? And if Hobbes isn't real, how does Calvin know about all the other true cat/tiger habits that he imagines Hobbes having? 




 Believe me, the cavalcade of downvotes has made that point crystal clear. 




 I agree. That was more or less my point. Millions of people follow a religion whose holy book advocates slavery, stoning children, sexism, and condemns homosexuality, long hair, etc.

It might offend a homosexual that so many people follow a religion that says they should be put to death for not being heterosexual. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2r5jcv/atheists_of_reddit_how_do_you_feel_about_the/cnco7kq 




 Buddha was definitely a real person. Mohammed, I'm not sure.

It's like I told another user-- we disagree. No reason to bicker about it. 




 Cool, then we're both happy.

3 




 You don't like using "boyfriend/girlfriend" the majority of the time? 




 We disagree on the level of believability amongst various entities.

Also, the reason I specified what I said is because you said:

**Does that make his version of religion more believable than any other?** 




 I'd rather be a moron than someone who tries to bully people over the internet.

By the way, I still love you. You're just on your period. 




 We disagree. Live and let live. 




 I *really* don't feel like looking up information regarding Jesus' existence, but the point is, I didn't say Christianity was more believable than ANY other religion. I said it's more believable than Norse mythology. 




  am good to my partner

Serious question, and no offense meant at all-- are you a homosexual? If so, how do you feel about what the Bible says regarding homosexuality? 




 Whatever the case may be, semantics aside, saying that one "knows" Hell is real or isn't real is incorrect. 




 Well, and I'm not positive, but I do believe that most historians are of the belief that Jesus was a real person.

Son of God? Jury's out. 




 Back of the line. No cutsies! 




 The fact that bears don't fly, talk, know how to use salt or what salt is, wear tutus, or travel in packs numbering 100,000. 




 Good question. Some people would say he's not, since he punishes the bad people of the world. Others would say that he defied God, so he's undeniably evil.

Hard to say. 




 I like this post. Very eloquent. 




 That it's a lot less likely than Hell existing. 




 You're right; I could be wrong about that. 




 I'm basing this on what the Bible says as far as I'm aware. 




 I referred to that possibility in the body of the thread. 




 I believe that's what the Bible says. 




 This is interesting.

Please elaborate. 




  There is no (none, zilch, zero, nil) possibility of going to hell. So why think about it?

You can't say that. Nobody knows either way. Knowing means you have irrefutable proof. Neither side does. 




 The thing about Norse mythology is that it's a lot less believable than Christianity, which is saying a lot. 




 You don't think Adolf Hitler was possibly like that? He's the first person I thought of when bringing up the evil overlord problem. 




  It's as feasible as going to hell, maybe more feasible since we know sharks exist and mutations happen. 

_ In all fairness, mutations in nature happen mostly for a reason. Sharks having legs wouldn't give them a better chance at survival, sustenance, and reproduction (the only three things that wild animals care about) than they have now. 




  In short it really doesn't bother me. Why should it?

I'm not saying it should or shouldn't. 




 Plot twist: I *do* end up dying gloriously in combat.

In seriousness: Like I said, Atheists tend to stick to their beliefs very strongly. But you'd be a liar if you said fear of the unknown isn't one of man's most significant.

The "unknown" being, despite what anyone in this thread says, no one KNOWS if Hell is real or not. 




 It's not fiction, but it makes sense in fiction for a reason. People who are evil are generally less moral to a tremendous extent. To the extent that they will kill/torture people, enemy or ally, for the pettiest of reasons.

Didn't hold the door open for the evil overlord? Dead.

Mispronounced a word while speaking of your reverence for the evil overlord? Dead.

Hesitated slightly before killing an unarmed enemy in cold blood? D-E-A-D, *DEAD*. 




 I don't think Pascal's Wager quite fits here. That's simply believing in something because you fear the consequences of not doing so as well as the lack of benefits of not believing. That'd be kind the equivalent of someone reading this thread, saying "Oh crap, it would fuckin SUCK to go to Hell," and converting to Christianity.

I assume most Atheists have more pride and strength of belief than to do something like that. I'm asking those people, who will stick to their belief that NO deity exists, if they've ever thought about being wrong.

Sort of like asking someone who's a police officer, and a very good one, "Do you ever fear getting gunned down by an armed criminal?" They're not going to quit the force just because that's a possibility, but the concern can still be there. 




 Haven't you ever seen an evil overlord in a almost any work of fiction? You don't want to be on their side because they'll win, because they'll also treat you like shit. _

See: Visser Three, *Animorphs* 




 I'm not sure it's possible to be indifferent about spending eternity in any version of Hell. That would be like being indifferent about being forced to watch all your friends and family get gunned down, then have their corpses raped and eaten. 




 lol, I don't think *you* understand what Atheism is. Atheism is a *belief*. You don't *know*. You *think*. 




 The point of this thread is basically "What if you're wrong?" 




 Granted, with all the different religions in the world, and the fact that a person can only choose one, Atheists have as much a (statistical) chance of going to Christian Hell as Christians have of going to Jahannam (the Islamic Hell), and so on. Only one religion can be "right." That said, I'm an Atheist as well, so please don't think I'm criticizing your beliefs, or anyone else's for that matter.

Regardless, what are our resident Atheists' feelings on the potential of eternal damnation? 




 Ba dum chh 




 What if certain types of fish are harmful to them? And you just happen to catch that type of fish. Totally coincidentally. 




 Plot twist: Morose_Pundit wins and is declared king. 




 They significantly outnumber you, and you're a potentially hostile invader. You'd be dead, at the very latest, the first time you go to sleep. 









 I meant more along the lines of someone saying "Oh, that's not a poisonous snake" or something. 




 This I can live with.

Although at the same time, this was initially about The Authority trying to push a Plan B to the top of the food chain, which seems counterintuitive to the fact that Daniel Bryan (resident B+ player) defeated all of the active members of Evolution at WrestleMania, with an injured arm, to win the world championship. 




  Randy Orton was in Triple H's vision, but couldn't get the job done.

Exactly. So think about it from Rollins' perspective. He was placed as a lower priority than someone who couldn't get the job done, as you said. Triple H thought more highly of Orton than Rollins, and Orton was a failure. 









  A Plan B might be traditionally less glamorous but is ultimately more effective and reliable than what came before it.

Then why wouldn't you use it first? 




 And how is Plan B better than Plan A? If Plan B was better than Plan A, it would *be* Plan A. 




 If a girl told you that you were her Plan B, how would you feel about that? 




 Being someone's Plan B isn't something to be proud of. You're just something they settled for because their original goals didn't transpire and they needed something to turn to in a time of desperation.

You're not what they really wanted-- you're more like "Whatever. I guess that's good enough." Like going to the store to get two-ply toilet paper, but they only have one-ply. 




 Actually, there are more ways to be poisoned than by eating something poisonous. You can't eat gas.

It's that simple. 




 Hmm. Good info.

Apparently, at least according to Wikipedia, those snakes that you mentioned would qualify as being poisonous. So I guess when people say "poisonous snake," they're technically not wrong, but still probably don't think the word means what it actually means. 




 I know that "poisonous" means that, as far as I'm aware, it's harmful if touched or ingested, and "venomous" is used to describe an animal who has to inject the venom into its prey.

But is venom not a poison, at least technically speaking? If not, why not?

I just randomly thought of this, and I have no idea if I'm even close to being right, or if I'm completely off. 




 I'm sure you know that everything in the world, no matter how good for you, is capable of being consumed to an excessive extent.

You never worry about that? There is such a thing as drinking too much water. 




  I was under the impression that the term 'siren' only developed a connotation for a 'loud and unpleasant wailing sound' in modern times.

Yeah, I'd say that's accurate. But I assume when the word acquired that contemporary definition, it wasn't a coincidence that it was also the name of the seductresses of Greek mythology. The word *had* to be named after them... right? 




 One produces a sound that was so beautiful it could seduce almost anyone who heard it.

The other makes you want to cover your ears if it's going off too close to you.

Why do they have the same name? 




 I'm gonna try this, but in theory, I feel like the jumping jacks would just make me more tired. 




 I work from home, and I don't sleep well for the most part (I have insomnia and completely rely on sleep aids, and they tend not to give you a good night's rest, which results in fatigue a few hours after waking up), so at some point during the day, I usually get a little tired and have the urge to just crawl into bed and finish my work later (which I could do, but staying awake and doing it right then would be better).

Any advice? Even when I go sit at the kitchen table to get away from my bed, and hopefully the urge to lay down, I still feel the urge to put my head down and just fall asleep. It's very inconvenient.

By the way, I have talked to my physician about this. She recommended that I attempt to provide my body with a consistent circadian rhythm, which I'm working on. But for now, I figured I'd look for a short-term solution while I do so.

Thanks. 




 I'm trying to watch videos on NBA.com, and the way certain videos work is that you click a link, and a little mini-window will pop up where you can watch the video(s) you selected. If you click [this link](http://on.nba.com/1AaNcJZ), I believe it should show you exactly what I just described.

When I do that, and the video tries to load, it never does, and I just get a blank screen (but I can hear the audio). But if I right-click on one of the thumbnails of the videos on the right side of the mini-window, and select "Open in new tab/window," I can see the video just fine.

It's a minor inconvenience, but does anyone know what the issue might be? I've tested this in the other internet browsers I have, too, and it's only Firefox that has this problem. 




 I've done *both*. My dad is unwaveringly hard-headed and doesn't listen to any logic except his own, and my step-mother is being a hypocrite-- she was in an auto accident, and she takes morphine for the pain from the surgery that was required on her neck.

She also told me a story about how one of her friend's sons was smoking marijuana with a group of guys, and it was laced with crystal meth or something or another, which has absolutely nothing to do with my situation. That's an instance of smoking with people you don't know and/or who aren't trustworthy. No relation at all to me drinking a half a bottle of alcopop every other day or so.

I'm drinking *Smirnoff Ice*. It barely even qualifies as an alcoholic beverage. It's almost glorified soda. 




 My sister is pretty much a drunk, but I've always been introverted, literally (as in staying in the house) and socially (not indulging in the vices of most people in my age group).

All I did was mention that I've been drinking a little, and they damn near leapt from their seats, without knowing what I drink, how often I drink, and what other controlled substances (only small doses of prescription medications), if any, that I use.

And once again, they basically gave me the "lalalalala icanthearyou" argument when I explained that my physician said drinking in moderation is fine. 




 How does the title imply that the two are being used together? 




 Then what should someone do instead? 




 There is a middle ground, you know. 




 Both have the potential for addiction/dependency, as well as tolerance, and can be incredibly dangerous if taken in large doses. However, if taken in moderation, neither of them is very self-threatening. In the case of alcohol, it's also legal (for those of at least minimum drinking age), just like morphine and other opioids or benzodiazepines.

The only difference I can see is that one requires a prescription and the other does not.

The reason I ask is because I, at *25 years old*, living on my own, told my dad and my step-mother that I've been drinking a little bit on a recent car trip, and they treated me like I was some sort of stupid, hopeless alcoholic. And they didn't believe me when I said my physician, seeing as she considers me intelligent and responsible, told me that drinking in moderation would be fine.

On top of that, all I drink is alcopops (Smirnoff Ice, which is like 4.5% ABV-- that's approximately 9 proof, which is incredibly low for an alcoholic beverage), and I hardly ever drink even a half a bottle (750mL) in one sitting, and I *never* drink more than once a day.

I don't get it. 




 Some girl from halfway across the country sent me a friend request, because she was "looking threw (not a typo on my end) facebook and found my profile and fell in love with my eyes."

I'm not taking her seriously at all-- I'm just waiting for her to do or say something that will 100% confirm that she's a bot or a scammer. She actually sent me a couple voice messages on Facebook and we've talked on the phone. Her voice sounded almost exactly the same in each context. I gave her my cell phone number (it's not a smart phone; there's no information about me on it).

Regardless, here's a list of things she's done/hasn't done that makes me way beyond skeptical:

* Told me her first name was one thing, but her first name is listed as another on her info page
* Claims she works with kids, mainly in the "activity area"... but she tells me she doesn't get off of work until midnight at the earliest and 3 AM at the latest. What could she possibly be doing that involves kids at anywhere near that time of night?
* Posted a status about how her friend was at her house at 10:45 or so the other day, even though she told me she was at work

And, like I said in the title, whether via cell or Facebook, she has not once sent the first message of a conversation in all of at least 7 or 8 conversations, despite all the "OMG I like you so much, you're so cute, I'll text you in the morning," etc (all of which I roll my eyes at). It's like I have to "activate" her by sending a message.

Is that an issue with bots? Also, what else should I look for? 




  literally designed to be thrown long distances efficiently

If, and only if, thrown with proper technique. What are the odds that someone who's never played football can throw with good enough form to maximize the football's aerodynamic capabilities? 




 Assume this athlete hasn't played any sport, which involves throwing a ball, at any credible level. He just has a strong arm and minimal technique. Also assume that his hands are large enough to palm the basketball.

Which is he more likely to throw further? The basketball or the football? And why? 




  And do you think it's just a coincidence that once Montana left his backup just happened to be nearly as awesome? 

Montana also thrived in a totally new system, as an old man. And there's almost no way you can truthfully say Steve Young was near Montana's level. 




 Well, in football, I'm almost positive that the consensus is that quarterback is the most "important" position, which is why Montana is considered by a lot of people to be the NFL GOAT. 




 Not to disrespect your opinion, but I don't think Barry Sanders is even considered the best running back of all time. Somewhat short career and leads the NFL all-time in runs for losses IIRC. 




 Doesn't the fact that Jim Brown retired so early hurt his case? I'm not too big on NFL history (I know a little bit)-- this is what I've heard. 









 I was told by the mods it was okay to post this thread. 




  Those are obviously office and cell phone numbers including area code.

My intelligence is bad and I should feel bad :-( 




 I received a PM on here asking to do a phone interview for Dr. Drew's news show tonight. I have no way of knowing whether or not this is real, as I'm not very savvy in this area.

The only thing I can think of that might help is the fact that he left a series of two ten-digit numbers, labeled "O:" and "C:" respectively. I have no idea what they mean, however. Maybe they're phone numbers-- "Office" and "Cell"?

Also, should I expect payment for this? I'm guessing not, but I figured it was worth asking.

Any advice? Thanks. 




 "Going down the list" as in doing so and looking for anything that resembles "Cloud Scout"? 




 Searched "Cloud" and got nothin. :-/ 




  AutoRuns and remove any unknown or malicious entries

How do I know what might be something harmful that I'd want to remove? Also, a lot of stuff looks unfamiliar to me, but it looks as if it's a key Windows component and I don't want to break my OS by deleting something I need because I didn't recognize it-- I'm not very savvy in this area. 




  reset internet explore, firefox and chrome settings. 

This was also suggestion I came across, but I have a bunch of add-ons for Firefox and I didn't want to have to go through the trouble of remembering them all and then re-downloading them. 




 Do you know if any of those programs will initiate a mandatory computer restart? I scanned one of my 2-TB external hard drives with a duplicate file finder earlier and it took forever, so I don't want the computer to restart automatically since I'm not doing going through the files. 




 http://i.imgur.com/wjgbEUz.png

I've used search engines to find any solutions I could, but I tried at least 5 or 6 of them and they all involved either a program that cost money, or a program that couldn't detect the adware.

Some sites suggested simply using Windows' "Programs and Features" to uninstall it (and even showed screenshots of "Cloud Scout" being listed in their Programs and Features screen), but it's not showing up in mine.

I searched the entire computer for anything under "Cloud" and nothing showed up.

Any suggestions? Thanks. 




  I've seen Kuma with a goddamn Lincoln wig. A BEAR WITH A LINCOLN WIG. I do not want to see stupid inanity like that ever again.

Tekken has a boxing kangaroo, a dinosaur, and a dummy made out of wood that has come to life (and, somehow, a "female" equivalent).

That's pretty inane in my opinion. 




 I've seen some pretty bad character customization in Tekken Tag 2 Ghost Battles 




 It is, but it would be up to the user as to whether or not he wants to deviate from the character's established outfit. Ken and Ryu have arguably the most well-known outfits in fighting game history (gi with no footwear), but if someone wants to change that and give them, say, a more ninja-esque costume (yes, I know they're not ninja) because they think it looks cool, no harm, right?

Also, a lot of really iconic characters don't have truly distinct outfits. Scorpion and Sub-Zero's costumes change from game to game, with the only similarity being that Scorpion wears yellow and Sub-Zero wears blue. They don't really have any one outfit that you can picture and say "That's Scorpion's/Sub-Zero's costume." 




 The ability to change what a character wears, from the colors to the style to an entirely new outfit. 




 Ah, so they can't stop themselves from attacking and they're pretty much screwed? 




 Speaking of that move that Deadpool has in UMvC3, I always wondered this... it's a counter move as far as I know, which means your opponent has to attack you for it to activate. But why would anyone attack Deadpool once they see him power up for the move? Isn't it 100% inevitable that your attack will result in you getting clobbered by Deadpool's life bar? 




 Oh, here's one-- it's not really a tactical advantage, but I'd be surprised if anyone other than Deadpool can *literally* use his life bar as a physical weapon. 




 I was thinking about Steve Fox, and how instead of kicks, he has dodges and sidesteps in his moveset. I find him to be one of my favorite (probably my very favorite) character to use in any fighter because of the fact that no other character (that I've seen) has this trait.

Obviously, if you're playing a 3D fighter, you could always simply sidestep into the foreground or background, but I think it's different with Steve. His evasion moves can make for some pretty badass defensive sequences and can make the user think about his strategy differently than he would with most other characters.

What other characters are unique or have special attributes that few others have? 




 You're right, that was worded poorly. I apologize.

So, how much of the reputation of pitchers being poor hitters is because of the reasons you just explained (tiring oneself out by throwing so many pitches), as opposed to pitchers just not being good hitters for seemingly no good reason (similar to how quarterbacks are known to be fragile and not able to take hits like other offensive players, and big men in basketball are known to be poor free-throw shooters)?

How many full-time pitchers in the history of the majors have been halfway decent power hitters as well? 




 [Beware](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/) 




 http://imgur.com/a/Xf9lo#55

O_O Oh, flippity flop, sweet holy Moses on a circus wire, YES. 




 Speaking of Babe Ruth, and this is completely off-topic (sorry), but why was he so much more successful as a hitter when he wasn't also pitching? IIRC (and there's a good chance I don't, since I don't follow baseball-- I just know how it's played and stuff), there were few, if any, seasons in which he was a pitcher and also hit a shitload of home runs.

Is there a reason for that or am I just completely off? 




 The best part is Paige smiling after Natalya throws her off. She apparently likes her women to resist. Makes for a challenge. :-) 




 And she doesn't even bother to thread her belt through all the loops.

She's such a rebel. 3 




 Or hell, if that's never been done, has anyone broken the same record twice, period, in their career?

I know Peyton Manning broke the single-season touchdown record twice, first with 49 in 2004 and then 55 in 2013. 









 Hey, say what you want, but I'm not the one going around licking people. 









 Ow, the downvotes. That's what I get for trying to avoid alcohol dependency _ 




 I didn't mean to offend you or even make you feel like I was "correcting" you. I'm just relaying what I was told by a medical professional. That's all.

I meant no disrespect whatsoever. 




  Whatever else you enjoy, do it and bring a friend along to share it with.

Yeah, I've been doing this all day. I'm trying to do anything I can to resist reaching for the other half of that bottle. So far, so good.

**EDIT:** Also, for the record, I did drink last night because of depression. That's why I'm so wary of this cycle. 




 Only certain prescription medications that I take that would be considered "controlled substances." 




 I asked my family physician the same thing, and she assured me that "depressant" and "depression" are related in medical terminology. It's why, according to her, prescription medications like Klonopin (which is a depressant used to treat anxiety) aren't recommended for long-term use, because they will eventually cause depression due to *being* a depressant. 




  One alcopop isn't nearly enough to elicit that kind of response.

But alcoholism has to *start* with that first drink.

**EDIT:** Also, right, I definitely realize and agree that this is a real thing. Which is why I want to avoid it. I'm trying to be as proactive as possible in keeping myself from being one of those people-- you're talking to a guy who had his *very first* alcoholic beverage last night (I'm 25 years old). 




 And the vicious cycle I'm referring to is this:

A person drinks to get over depression. (S)he consumes enough alcohol that the next day, they feel depressed, even perhaps when he or she normally doesn't, so he/she drinks more alcohol to get over the depression.

The next day, more depression, more alcohol.

Then more depression caused by more alcohol, and more alcohol caused by more depression.

Is this a completely unavoidable situation?

I'll be completely honest as to why I'm asking-- I'm an inexperienced drinker and last night I bought a bottle of Smirnoff Ice (1 pint 6 oz or 650mL, only like 4.5% ABV) and drank about half of it. Made me feel kinda good, but I wasn't drunk or even close to it. Just buzzed, and barely tbqh.

Then today, I'm kinda bleh (no hangover, no headache, just kinda low). So my first instinct-- "Maybe I should have a drink again."

But then I fear that the cycle I described above might start. Am I always going to feel depressed the next day every time I get buzzed? Or is there a way to keep that from happening? 




 I've heard arguments from both sides about second-hand smoke. Any sources? 




 Has anyone had success earning on this site outside of using a smartphone to download apps/play games?

I'm partial to Tapbooty because you can cash out any amount via PayPal starting at $1. That's extremely convenient. 




 What's the difference? I mean, there are "Anti-DUI" commercials, but even drinking without operating a motor vehicle can be extremely harmful if not done responsibly, just like smoking cigarettes can be. 




 I guess it makes sense since a person obviously took this photo, but it kinda freaked me out when I first saw it. 









 _ You guys suck

:-P 









 The line is cliche to the point that most girls will see it coming a mile away.

Hit her with something like "I'm more of a nibbler than anything. ;-)" 









 Thanks for the x-post. It's much appreciated. 




 To answer your question that has nothing to do with the topic at hand, I bought a 65" rear projection TV some years ago, and it wouldn't fit through the front door of the house. We had to take it in through the back, and instead of taking the TV to my bedroom, I took my bedroom to the TV.

And all the landline cords and the router/modem setup is in the basement, since that's actually the most conducive place to put it based on how my house is built, and I don't have the Wi-Fi device for my Xbox 360. So, if I'm upstairs, no Xbox Live, and no TV to play it on anyway. 




 There are probably at least a half-dozen places in my basement where cold air is coming in. Windows, maybe tiny cracks in the walls, etc. Any advice?

I live by myself in a two-story, two-bedroom house, and neither of the bedrooms are furnished, so I can't just sleep upstairs (unless I really wanted to take everything, bed and all, up two flights of stairs, which would be beyond pointless). 




 Mostly instaGC. I've also tried Tapbooty since they have a very low cashout minimum for PayPal. I've gotten one or two to work on instaGC, none on Tapbooty, and Prize Rebel is another one I've tried downloads on. I've had roughly the same success there as I've had on instaGC. 




 I can rarely get them to credit. I download whatever it is they want me to download (with Sandboxie), install all the stupid little add-ons that come with it, get to the finish page of the installation wizard, but a lot of times, I get no points.

Is there some way to better ensure that I get credited for download offers? I see people saying that they make $10 a day on downloads alone-- I want that, too ;_; 




 I'll try to keep this as brief as I can, since I tend to ramble.

I'm 6'4 (almost 200 cm/2 meters for those on the metric system-- and no, that's not my real height with 2-3 inches added), and it seems like the world isn't designed for people my height and taller. I constantly have to bend down/lean forward to grab or look at things, and as a result, I have a really bad slouch. It's to the point where standing/sitting perfectly straight feels like a workout.

I have no idea how to fix this problem, since I'm so used to the way I stand and sit right now (I'm 25, and I've been 6'2-6'4 since I was about 16 or 17 I think).

What can I do to fix this problem? I don't want my spine to be permanently mangled by the time I'm 50-60; at the same time, though, I think I should take baby steps with this until I get more accustomed to standing/sitting straight.

Thanks, guys. 




 You shouldn't hit on trees, then. 




 She might not have one. 




 This isn't a pickup line per se, but I've always found this situation to be frustrating. She's super hot, but you can't chat her up during your transaction-- it doesn't take long enough, and you can't just stand there holding up the people behind you. So here's what I do (and it's worked a couple times).

What you'll need: A pen, a post-it note, and a little bit of stealth

What you do: Walk into the store, ID the girl you want to talk to. As soon as you walk in, make sure she can't see you put the pen on the counter-- a good way to do this is to do it as you bend down to tie your shoes (leave one shoe untied to make it more convincing).

When you're checking out, put your items on the counter and put your post-it note to the side (maybe take it out of your pocket as if you're looking for your money/wallet/card and just want to discard it for a second).

This is where the pen from the beginning comes in. Ask her "Hey, can I borrow that pen?" She'll assume it's the store's, and she'll say sure.

While she's ringing you up, write your name and number on the post-it note. Take your items and your change, and then give her this:

"Oh, here's your pen back... thanks. And here's my phone number. Call me."

And then calmly walk out of the door with a smile on your face. MAKE SURE YOU SMILE. Add a wink if you're feeling particularly confident. It also helps if you can at least make small talk during the process-- try to make her laugh or smile.

Like I said, this has worked for me at least twice, and one time it didn't work, the girl still said it was "cute."

Just thought I'd share a solution to a problem I hate. Didn't really know where else to put it.

This is gonna get downvoted straight to the eighth circle of Hell, isn't it? :-( 




 You have 2K15 on Xbox One? 




 Do you have Xbox One? 




 Do you have 2K15 for Xbox One? 




 WTF is this shit? Nobody said it was a good idea. I'm making an educated guess based on what's been happening. Chill the hell out, dude.

And Ryback being heel isn't a bad idea. Ryback being heel and being booked the way he was is a bad idea. Jesus H. Christ... 




 Do you have Xbox One? 




 He just doesn't seem to be on the same page as the rest of Team Cena, even calling the team "Team Cena and Team Ryback." 




 With another human player, since putting on a good match is a good deal about communication, and one can't really communicate with the AI.

I used to do this with a friend of mine, but he has a PS4 now and I've got an Xbox One.

Anyone ever considered the thought/want to try it? 




 I never saw the Halloween series :-(, so whenever I see this, I'm reminded of Jason Voorhees. 




 It was indeed. Also, if you look closely when it happens, Harper is by far the first one to react to the music. My friend and I joked that it's because he was the only one who recognized it. 









 Also, for what it's worth, I struggle with countering, if anyone knows anything one can do to get better in that area. 




  I'm kinda nostalgiaing everywhere

Feel free to continue doing so :D 




 I should have mentioned that I want to get better at defense mostly, although this is still good advice. 




  You're also aware that Spartan is basically a Leon and Bayman clone, right? Both of them are in DOA5.

I like the fact that her character model is a Spartan. I find that to be pretty damn cool. 




 But the catch here is that I need a source of knowledge for Dead or Alive **4**, not 5. I play 4 because I like using Spartan-458, and she's not in DOA5.

Or another option would be to just use DOA5 guides and strategy, if the two games are similar enough. But I don't know if they are.

Let me know which option would be better?

Thanks. 




 Or is 120 over 80 simply a myth?

I was told the latter by a nurse practitioner's assistant during my last routine checkup with my family physician. 




 It's not like all of that will magically equate into being able to breakdance. He still had to learn how to do it. 




 Oh, boy... this feels like *300.*

**Our downvotes will blot out the sun!**

**... then I will post in the shade.**

Okay... once. Only once. She really liked me, I really liked her, she was super hot, and we were in bed together watching a movie... oh, and I forgot to mention that she's a borderline alcoholic who can't handle her liquor. Bad combination.

Anyway, the inevitable happened, and I tried, I *really, really tried* to resist the urges. Devil on one shoulder, angel on the other... let's face it. Considering it was the first time and I wasn't ready for it, the angel didn't stand a chance and pretty much got gunned down immediately by ol' Beelzebub.

I stopped the movie we were watching and turned off the TV. I went to undo her belt and take off her jeans, and by the time I did that, she was actually forcing my head into her crotch with both hands. I had never given oral sex before, so I tried to tell her no, but (and I doubt she even remembers any of this), she persisted, so I considered it a tradeoff.

I went down on her after I undressed her down to her lingerie, while also touching her sensually the way I like. We both got what we wanted that night (I think so... I'm still not sure how good I was-- she did a lot of heavy moaning, though, so that's worth something, I guess).

Anyway, that's the story. Nobody had to use a rape whistle, or get their brother to beat anybody up, and no one went to jail. It went pretty much as well as it possibly could have, for both parties involved. 




 Trade completed with: /u/linkandluke

Items traded: Amazon gift card vs. PayPal

Amount: $5 




 Confirmed. Smooth, immediate, honest transaction. 




 * Redditor since June 23, 2012
* If you have been linked to this page, please make sure that you're on the real /r/GCXRep, and the user who linked you was indeed me, and not someone with a similar username trying to impersonate me. Note that just because you're reading this doesn't mean a scammer didn't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security. Double check, and don't get tricked or scammed!

* Remember, it's RayAP**19**, not 18, not 9, not 2,710. And there are no spaces in the username. If it's a different number or there's a space between "Ray" and "AP19" (or anywhere else), it ain't me. It's probably a Gremlin. DON'T FALL FOR HIS TRICKS!

* **1 completed trade**

* **$5 traded** 




 Parents? HELL no.

Friends? Some. Only the ones I'm closest to.

As far as women I'm with, I tell them up front. This is the sort of thing that you don't really want coming up without warning. _

Anyways, I just explain to them how I tend to prefer soft, romantic touching, kissing, etc., over harder, erotic bedroom activities. Then I usually ask them if they like to spoon, and if they say yes, then I ask if I can do things while they're asleep, like touch, kiss, undress them, etc.

Having this conversation with a woman is a LOT easier than it sounds. I've never gotten a "No" when asking if I can act on this fetish.

Jesus must love me, because I never thought that would happen the first time I told a woman about this. I thought for sure she'd be creeped out and run away immediately. _ 




 ^ 5

:-P 




 I don't have a rep since this is my first post, but I'm willing to trade. I'll PM you. 




 Nah, you shouldn't. I'd pay her waaaaaaay more than $100 to get blackout drunk in my bed if I could. 




 _ No, not her *literally*. Her pornos. lol.

Although I would definitely pay a woman to do this. 




 The name sounds familiar, but I mostly don't pay attention to the names of the people in the porn that I watch.

The only sleep fetish porn star I can name off the top of my head is Jasmine Mendez. She's sooooooo hot... I've spent at least $100 on her.

**EDIT:** How do YOU know about Sleep Creep? 




  Where do you actually find this type of porn? Is it just called sleep fetish?

Pretty much. Hell, there are [YouTube videos](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3LvpaUWQ0Y) that aren't even porn that I can masturbate to. The lack of intercourse isn't a big deal, since I'm not a big fan of it.

Yes, I and my sex drive are both extremely weird.

 What do you think it is about this that get's you worked up?

The freedom to do what I want without being judged, perhaps. Like I said, I don't like intercourse at all. Contrarily, women want to be fucked. I don't want to fuck. I just want to touch a woman's body sensually-- I can and have done so literally all night more than once.

If the woman is unresponsive (but not dead-- just making sure we establish that I would never even think about going that far), she doesn't have to be annoyed by my weird sexual habits and impulses. 




 I love answering questions about this, so ask me absolutely anything.

A little context just in case people don't quite understand the extent of this fetish, in my case at least-- during standard intercourse, I can't ejaculate if the woman is responsive at all, and I can't achieve an erection while watching anything but sleep fetish pornography (oh yeah, it exists).

AMA! 









 :-(

Survivor Series will be a sad day. 




 http://i.imgur.com/qs28Z1y.png

I know you're gonna be disappointed that the above link isn't what you probably thought it'd be, but I *swear* that actually happened. 




 Thank you, Captain Pretentious 




 In all fairness, they have kissed on camera. 




 Nikki has a face? 




 I live for danger. 




 We got us some flyin' downvotes, Maggle 









 No, I'm not! I don't love Her anymore!

... yes, I do. 




 In kayfabe, is Brock Lesnar the greatest wrestler of all time? 




 Ah, my mistake. 
























