 Cat.  




 Thank you for watching out for the little guys :)  




 This makes me want to go hug my mother and thank her for everything she's done for me.. :( 
 




 Ellie  




 Aww goat loaf!  




 The teeth ಠ_ಠ 




 Snap. *sigh* 




 I called her again this morning. She claimed I called her first and when I told her that I only called in response to her leaving a voicemail, she said her friends did it. Then she apologized and said it won't happen again and hung up. 

I googled her number, nothing..  




 Today I got around 10 calls from an unknown number (one of them being a FaceTime call). I typically do not pick up calls from numbers I don't recognize but they ended up leaving a strange voicemail. There was a lot of background noise but it was of a woman talking saying stuff like "we're in love, my husband, etc." A little curious now, I called the number and asked her what was going on and why she called me so many times. Same background noise.. she said she was part of a real estate agency and then apologized and said it was her son playing with her phone. As I was about to hang up, she asked me "do you love me?" uhhh.. I replied with "what do you mean?" and she said "I'm your real estate agent, do you love me?" 

I'm kind of freaked out. Has this happened to anyone nearby?  




 I'm not looking or wanting to get back with him. I'm just asking about the guilt I'm feeling.  




 I started dating my ex when I was 17 and he was 16, we were best friends and we dated for 3.5 years and were in love for most of that time. Last september, after fighting a lot, I started to drift away from our relationship and felt extremely taken for granted. I heard about the site POF (a dating site) and signed up, just because I wanted someone to talk to, not for the purpose of finding a date. But, I began talking to a lot of guys and really began putting a lot of time into talking to guys I met on there and neglecting my boyfriend (at the time). Eventually, I met a guy who lived close to me, we had mutual friends and agreed to meet up with him. I even lied to my boyfriend and told him that I had a doctors appointment after classes and had to go home earlier than usual, just to meet that guy. We ended up having sex twice and haven't really spoked since. 

After our last meeting, I called my boyfriend and confessed what I did. He was absolutely crushed but wanted to stay together since he loved me. But, I told him that I no longer loved him or found him attractive so we decided to stay friends. I didn't really feel any guilt at the time because I felt as if it was justified at the time (due to the way he sometimes treated me during our relationship). 

A few weeks later, I started seeing this guy who I was really into. My ex was furious and questioned how I could move on so fast. He told me he hated me and never wanted to see/speak to me again. I tried multiple times to talk to him since then without success. He still hates me and still doesn't want to talk to me. 

Since then, I've been really happy in my relationship and he's been dating a new girl and they seem happy. But, recently, I've been thinking about our relationship and the things I missed about it. I don't miss him but I now realize how close we were and how much we had in common. Sometimes, I'd just think about things we talked about or the little inside jokes we had. I feel extremely guilty for what I did and I fully deserve the way he is treating me now, I do not expect him to forgive me. I brought this upon myself as I was not acting in a mature way about the whole situation from the very start but the guilt is really eating me up inside. I miss my best friend but I am absolutely in love with my current boyfriend. I do not know what to do about these feelings. I feel so guilty about (a) what I did to my ex, and (b) how these feelings about my ex might affect my current boyfriend. 

tl;dr: cheated on ex/best friend, he cut off all contact, we moved on with our lives and I'm happy in my current relationship but I feel extremely guilty.  




 I basically met the man of my dreams a few months ago, we started dating and everything is going amazing.. but I can't seem to let go a few aspects of his past. I know it's irrational, pointless and quite frankly none of my business what he did in the past but it still bothers me. He lost his virginity to one of this high school teachers at age 15. I've asked him about it but he only gave me a vague recollection of it and told me not to worry about it.. yet I still do. How do I go about forgetting this? 

**tl;dr**: can't accept the fact that boyfriend lost virginity to his high school teacher.

 
























 I apply anti-perspirant right after getting out of the shower. Definitely helps a lot. 




 What a brave mama. Just goes to show how much emotions animals truly have.  














 I'll splurge on foundation and eyeliner but never on mascara. I find a lot of drugstore mascaras are just as good as the high end ones!  




 I just came back from the vet and they found about 7 bites on her. They gave her a week's worth of antibiotics and she's looking good so far. Thanks for the help everyone :)  




 My cat was playing in the backyard today and the neighbours cat crawled from under the fence and started chasing my cat. She got really scared and ran inside but it wasn't until later that we realized that the other cat bit her twice on her butt. We applied some polysporin but she is walking sort of funny now. Both my cat and the neighbours cat are up to date on their vaccines. 

We're taking her to the vet in the morning but I was just wondering if anyone could provide any info regarding what to do otherwise? It's my first experience with a cat bite. Kind of panicking right now :(  




 Kristen Stewart and Kristen Stewart  









 Canada doesn't use pennies anymore so technically, it isn't worth anything.  




 Which pizza do you take off first? 




 My cat loves watermelon, too.. But can only eat it if I chew it up for her.  





























 Honestly, you are SO gorgeous! I adore your red hair. Please don't let one bad break up ruin your self-esteem! Xo  




 What a cute name! How'd you come up with it?
 




 I've had this problem for at least the past 5 years but haven't linked it to trich before. I pull on the front strand of my hair (the "bangs" as you may call it but it's not short) until it's broken and split. I don't pull the hair out unless I see one that is too broken. Is this considered Trich? I typically do it more when I'm stressed.  




 I'm currently in my last year of university, studying biochemistry, and looking to make some new friends! I enjoy TV shows (Game of Thrones, Parks  Rec, AHS, etc), travelling  I love animals :)  




 You're so stunning  loved the makeup!  




 I've been in two long-term relationships, the first one for 3.5 years and the second one for 1.5 years so far (still on-going) and the patterns for each relationship are the same. 

1. I become infatuated with them and am willing to do anything for them.
2. The fighting starts and I start to hate everything they do.
3. I meet someone else and have urges to leave my current SO for them. 

Step 3 is actually how I ended my last relationship and started my current one.

I'm starting to feel #3 again and I seriously feel so gross about myself. I love my SO so much and I don't know what to do to suppress the feelings. Please tell me I'm not alone :( 

  




 Last week, I dyed my hair using L'oreal hicolor hilights in magenta and it doesn't really suit me so I want to dye it a medium ash brown. Is it okay if I just use a medium ash brown hair dye with 30 volume developer and a colour remover packet (from Sally's)? Or would my hair still have red undertones? 




 I purchased Dr. Collins 2010 study guide (second hand) and will be purchasing all the updates from Dr. Collins to take the January 2015 PCAT. Do you think this will be sufficient or is the 2010 study guide too outdated? 




 Sadly, it's been worse but I'm used to it by now. Maybe one day I'll try again. 




 Heroin 




 Angelina Jolie. Why is she even famous?  
























 Aww they all look like their momma! How precious. Orange kitties are just so adorable!!  




 Omg they look so much alike!! Our kitties are both so cute :)  




 Aw that's such a cute saying!!  




 Do you have a picture? :) 




 Aww! They're like twins! 




 All cats are weird :)  




 She looks so satisfied! Aww. 




 Construction in the winter as well!  









 I never expected that to look so.. odd.  




 He still looks like a puppy! :)  




 All I wanted was a nice picture! :(  
























 A beauty guru on youtube. She used to known as KaiKhaod/ForeverKailyn. People typically watch her to make fun of her.  




 She says it's normal but I would probably assume it's because she's obese. 
 




 Nope, still ever so present. She is now known as "MsKailynMarie" on Youtube and Instagram.  




 Here's the video the screenshot is from: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYTYHeeLCl8

She talks about how she wants to wear thongs but the string just disappears under her stomach.  









 I have this too!! I thought I was the only one!  



















 Have you tried thrifting? You can definitely find a lot of cheap  fashionable clothing there! :)  




 I think you have a lot of potential if you lose weight, dress better  get new glasses (possibly contacts?). Also, I don't think the mohawk helps..  




 Is this your cat? This looks more than it was done with an app.  
























 Thank you for sharing this picture. I've been really struggling with my depression lately and this picture really cheers me up.  




 Why does she have to get her anal glands squeezed? I would be traumatized too if I had to experience that..  




 I just wanted to say that I spent the last 8 years of my life trying to die and recently, I decided to try to re-gain my will to live again. I guess now is when life decides to try to push me down even more. If there was a time in my life where I should be dead, it would be now. 

 I have given my 200% these past few months and all I've got in more bullshit than I started out with. So what's the point anymore? I know my situation may not be the worst and there are many people out there who are still in far worse situations and are still alive. But I am not them. I am not strong enough. I know that my family will be heartbroken to see me gone and it is selfish for me to do this but what is the point of living if I'm just waiting to die? 

I don't know where I'm going with this but this is my time, to finally do something for myself. I hope you all find a way out of whatever situation you are in.  




 I'm glad you're happy, even if it's because you finally see an end. But, I truly hope that happiness will come to you in a different form one day. Take care of yourself. 3  




 Yesterday, I was having an awful day and went into my closet, closed the door and cried. Then, I heard little scratches on the door and there she was. When I opened the door, she started purring and laid on my feet. I couldn't ask for a better friend than my cat.  




 I know!! They make my heart melt.  




 That is one... very well-loved leg.  




 Happy Birthday Terra! Cats are the best therapists! :) 
 




 Get better Toma! Best wishes to you and your fur baby 3  














 I started lexapro/cipralax/escitalopram 14 months ago at 10mg and have been taking 20mg for the past 6 months. In the past year, I've also gained around 30lbs (100lbs to 130lbs at 5'3"), which I initially attributed to my bad eating behaviours and lack of exercise. I used to exercise everyday and eat healthy in very small portions (due to an eating disorder). 

However, as a part of my eating disorder recovery, I began to eat larger portions and let myself eat junk food and fast food. I kinda let that get too out of hand though. Since November 2014, I've been trying to get healthier and start to workout again but I've been struggling to see any improvement. 

Recently, it crossed my mind that it might be my lexapro that has caused a part of the weight gain as even prior to my eating disorder, my highest weight was 120lbs. Also, I read that a lot of people gained weight on lexapro, as a side effect.

Since I've recently enrolled in group therapy and have been doing a lot better, I decided to stop taking lexapro because I just feel really shitty about my body and feeling overall unhealthy even if I eating healthily and workout regularly. 

Has anyone had any experience with weaning off lexapro and losing the weight or will it stay on for a while?
 





























 I've been dating this guy for a couple of weeks and everything is going pretty well, except for the fact that he doesn't stop bragging about himself.

I won't disclose where he is from but he always brags about how his race/culture is the best and always goes out of his way to point out things related to his race. But, the thing is, we are currently in an interracial relationship (I'm asian).

Sometimes I feel a bit bad because he'd be bragging about his culture and I feel as if he's degrading me, because I can't really relate. And I'm beginning to wonder why he likes me in the first place and why he doesn't just find a girl from his culture.

I've asked him why he likes me and he says that first of all, he has "yellow fever" and thinks asian girls are the cutest. He also emphasizes intelligence and sense of humour. But does this make up for the fact that I'm not part of his race?

Am I just overreacting or is thing a legitimate issue?

Tl;dr: Boyfriend brags about his culture and I feel degraded for not being part of it. 




 I've been dating this guy for a couple of weeks and everything is going pretty well, except for the fact that he doesn't stop bragging about himself. 

I won't disclose where he is from but he always brags about how his race/culture is the best and always goes out of his way to point out things related to his race. But, the thing is, we are currently in an interracial relationship (I'm asian).

Sometimes I feel a bit bad because he'd be bragging about his culture and I feel as if he's degrading me, because I can't really relate. And I'm beginning to wonder why he likes me in the first place and why he doesn't just find a girl from his culture. 

I've asked him why he likes me and he says that first of all, he has "yellow fever" and thinks asian girls are the cutest. He also emphasizes intelligence and sense of humour. But does this make up for the fact that I'm not part of his race?

Am I just overreacting or is thing a legitimate issue?

Tl;dr: Boyfriend brags about his culture and I feel degraded for not being part of it. 

   









 I've been dying my hair an auburn colour for the past 6 months and wanted to dye it a dark brown. I had about an inch of re-growth, which is black (asian hair). 

I used a de-red packet and a medium chocolate brown and the colour turned out really nice except that my roots didn't really take in any colour so I have a dark brown with a reddish tint on the dyed parts of my hair with black roots. 

How do I fix my hair so it is all one colour without dying it black? I want the colour on my roots to match my hair. 

Here's a picture of my hair now: http://i.imgur.com/p3NVGel.png
  




 My hair is originally a dark brown. Last year I dyed my hair red using L'oreal Hicolor but now want to return to my natural hair colour. I have about an inch of regrowth at the moment. 

Would it be okay if I just dyed my hair a dark brown with 20vol developer or would the red still show?
 




 Hi,

I am currently sponsoring my common-law spouse for his permanent resident papers. We have just submitted the application and won't hear from back until at least 6 months later.

Two years ago, he completed his diploma and have recently decided to go back to school to complete his bachelor's degree. So this means he has to apply for a student permit, which allows him to work for a maximum for 20 hours a week off-campus. His dad will be paying for his tuition since it is much higher for international students. Other than that, he has to support himself 100%. 20 hours a week will only make him ~$1000/month, which is definitely not enough to live off of. 

Does he have any other options to go back to school and be able to support himself other than waiting to receive his permanent resident card so he doesn't have to pay the international student tuition? He is definitely looking to apply to bursaries and scholarships.  




 I don't think English is OP's native language.  




 I gave her multiple belly rubs! She loved them! :) 




 Gonna try this out! Thanks for sharing :)  









 Me too. I cried when I saw this picture. First, it made me miss my cat. Second, I realized that if I die, I won't get to see these beautiful pictures anymore and even though there's so much shit in the world, there's this and it might just be enough to make up for everything else.  
























 Curly toe beans! 3  




 "Your face is as flat as a locker"  




 Clowns.  




 Shhhh, don't tell her she's not!  









 Nope, he's not European.  




 Nope, getting farther haha  




 Nope! He's caucasian but it's not a white supremacy thing.  




 I've asked him why he likes me and why he's dating me and he said because I'm smart, funny and that he feels comfortable talking to me. But it is the asian comment that bothers me the most.  




 I'm so sorry you have to go through that. *hugs*
Thank you for the advice! 3  









 Please post more pics when you get him. He's adorable! 3  
























