 emm I'll have a look :) please post here to get the community going :) thanks for the interest, I'll look for the seeds now. PC/XBLA? 




 Whoever said that looks like a penis has a pretty fucked up pair of balls 




 Hey r/minecraft, 
I recently made a new sub for players and fans of Survival Island. There you can post seeds/stories/links and posts related to the Survival Island style of playing Minecraft. You can also post sets of Goals/Objectives to be completed in game.

It's only a new sub, So it will need admins/moderators, but most of all it needs a community, There isn't much on it now, but hopefully we can kick it off soon, So any Survival Island fans on r/Minecraft, Let's get this community off the ground 3

www.reddit.com/r/survivalisland 




 awesome! 




 1. Build a minecart rail
2. Craft TNT
3. Construct a watch tower at least 15 blocks high
4. Get Diamonds.
5. Build a fireplace using netherrack and brick. (stone/clay)
5. Create a full set of iron armor.
6. Build a tree house :D
7. Start a farm, 6 plants minimum.
8. Craft Red wool, Blue wool and Orange Wool
9. Enchant a chestplate 
10. Build a harbour

Feel free to play on hardcore ;)
best of luck!! :) 




 NnnnnnnnnDEEEERP ....Nnnnnnnnn....DEEEERP 




 It's the 666 retweets  



















 So uh...I see your "report" succeeded... :) 




 whatever, It's only a post :) 




 haha how? 



















 This has more than likely been brought up before, but I would really like to see different colored beds in the the game, Eg. The normal bed recipe with green wool = bed with green sheets. They recently did something similar, different color planks of wood. I think it would be a nice feature in the game.  




 atheist bro-fist 









 Fair point, and I fully respect your opinion, but I mean 2 million is a huge number of subs, surely they're doing something right 




 You sir, are a genius! That's exactly where he took it. down by the Blackwater diving thing. He won a few awards for it, my favourite of his 
























 Life complete +1 









 Oh, thank you :) 




 Blatantly a fan of melons? 




 Emmm Im not sure but if it comes down to it, melons,cactuses and leaf blocks will look well from a distance :) 




 Its a button 




 Nice build 




 Dat ass 




 For when digging clay and other multiple drop items 




 Spuds 




 Notice how the girl on the right's bicep doesnt change for 18 years  




 This is like the Minecraft version of Nothing To Declare 




 AAAAAAAAAAWHHHHH  
























 Ah so you don't know of r/birdswitharms? Allow me to play you the song of my people 




 Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a new NA NA NA 









 That my friend is a Borg Starship 




 Sigh, another war caused by religion  




 I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work 




 I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work 




 Either John Smith or Dokucraft :) 









 So he eat his face? 




 This is horrible 









 To Isengard! 




 Uncalled for 




 Why would I want to humiliate myself 




 Dude it's not me 









 I didn't see anything wrong with it... 









 that's what she said 




 Valentino! 




 That is a bitch ass amount of redstone 




 or a typical fly mod
 









 Yeah that would be good if, especially if night is falling and you can't find a village 




 Yeah, I think this one is around 1.3/1.4 which is more than a year ago 




 That sounds really really cool Hahaha :) 




 :) Thank you, it's the right thing to do for something of so much effort and time  




 that's a brilliant strategy :) I will try that myself :) 




 No problem :) 




 Ah but the bed is featured, indicating that this relativity map is of at least Beta 1.3 




 Night is on its way, but do you dig down and sleep off the night in a dingy 3x3 dirt hole, or do you dash to a village and sleep safe inside the warm walls of a house? 




 Buuuuuurn 




 Precisely ;) 




 Haha I didn't make it, I found the image a long while ago and decided to share it, credit to the original creator, must have taken him ages 




 Yep, sheep can naturally spawn in pink, very rare, but yep, they can 




 This is only a prototype after all, Perhaps in the future there will be an improved and updated version :) 




 Yes, unfortunately :'( 




 I fucking love you guys hahahaha 




 I agree 




 Hmmm, I can't remember the original source as I've had this image for about a month, But I would recommend a Google Image search for 'minecraft relativity diagram'. I will have a look around for you and link one to you if I find a bigger version ::) 




 Knew you guys would love it ;) 




 Yeah, imagine all the cut and paste and stuff, credit to the guy 









 Cause y'know, everybody drives boats 




 Precisely 




 Fuck 














 Dude the one on the far right is mine :p 









 Hahaha TAKE ALL THE PUPPIES! 



















 Ahhh if only we actually had girlfriends... 














 TO THE KRANKENWAGEN! 


































 Are you trypophobic? 














 My best was this island hospital build, took me a while but the island base was amazing and the build itself a great addition to my collection.  What's the greatest/coolest set you've had the most fun building? :) 




 More!!!!!  




 Makes you almost want to lose a leg 









 Wow this again? 









 Im one of the few people who find this hilarious.  Upvote 4 u 




 He was with Ian Taylor promoting a headphones brand, he was delighted :) 




 Ouch! 




 He was actually so nice about it! We were talking for a while about soccer and what team I supported and Martin O'Neill and what not. He was sound!  




 That seems to be a picture of Galway City 














 I can't wait. 









 Dratini irl 




 Some humans are so OP. Wow what an artist 









 Basically porn 




 That is just a pure tease 




 Oh come on that's just teasing!!! 














 There is definitely a dick on the $100 









 Jeeeeeesus :( 




 Personally, the posts on this sub intrigue me, but are they some people out there, maybe even on this sub, that get off on this stuff? 




 Maybe it's because I'm not a gun-crazed American, but I don't get how this is on the front page 
























 Im just staring at the middle aged woman in the background 









 The fuck? 




 Nope, panorama shot on my S3. Hard to get it pixel perfect cause I had to move my hands, I have other pictures if you want extra proof  




 Thanks man 




 I did a panorama photo on my S3, so I had to move my phone to get the whole thing, hard to get it pixel perfect :) 




 County Wicklow 









 Anyone else have no idea what is actually going on? 




 Hello Michael. I want to play a game. 




 It's so refreshing to see something that looks awesome in the default texture pack 









 Could be a tegenaria atrica?  




 How long that take to happen KalTheory89? 




 EDIT: A. Versicolors are my favourite so woukd that be a good first timer? 




 I live in Ireland and looking for a low maintenance spider thats easy to handle and is calm. Average room temperature around here is 21ยบ celsius which I think is around 60/70 F. I dont want to splash out the cash on a heater as I just want a low maintenance spider. What would be a good suggestion for an absolute beginner? And should I raise from a spiderling? 




 Never heard of them 




  I have been handling spiders I find for a while and havent been bitten. As far as I know they're so small the bite is painless and not noticeable 




 Thanks,  great answer. Georgina it is! 




 Answer: Quite simply, There are no big insects on the Emerald Isle! 




 How do you differentiate between male and female spiders? 









 Greg 









 The hand marathon: The greatest and most playful spider activity known to man, the worst known to arachnids 









 "Fun with Mortality" ...Huh 




 I know, I hate when someone's leg blocks your view of the masturbating local 




 This would make a beautiful .gif 




 Patience....glue 




 Could be a recluse, That shit is dangerous 




 Its ok, the NSA will remember for us. 




 Nah, she looks about 16 to me 




 I agree great story, That's what the spirit of a spiderbro is all about!  




 Great answer, this really cleared it up. 




 From hearing all these heartwarming fables and tales of arachnid loyalty and bravery, I really want a spiderbro. Thing is where I live, Ireland, there isn't any big guys out in the wild. The biggest wild spiders you get here have a body the size of a large pea, and that's no exaggeration. I had a spiderbro once when I was young, Unnamed but valiant and the time has come where I want a watchful guardian, who protects me from the pesky flies of irish summer, a spiderbro like Viktor, or Gustav, a brave companion to stand tall for the summer months, but all the big busters (pea bodies) are nowhere to be seen. Anyone know how to attract a house/bath spider? (Bath spider is what I've always called them, as they always climb up the drains and chill) This would be a big help as I'm allegeric to most insect repellents, which is ironic. Thanks guys. 




 Oh my god this is so beautiful :') RIP Spiderbro 




 Most of you guys here own an arachnid so I'd just like to know why I see a lot of dead spiders on their backs with their legs curled in. 




 I kept watching this when I realised it looks like there's a dick on his shirt 




 'A metric shit-ton' is my new favourite phrase 




 Ironic how the god of floods is found submerged for over 1000 years... 




 Anyone see the little face with the orange lights and grill before anything else? 




 It's just like modern art, ugly, beautiful,  all depends on the eye. Personally, I like it. 




 I particularly liked the skulls 




 I've seen enough Final Destination movoes to see where this is going... 




 Nice post, poo_smudge 














 Simply block the other accounts when they appear, it will stop them coming up again. You still get all the tweets from your favourite comedy feeds and much less spam. 




 This reminds me so much of the Sign Painter from World Of Goo... 




 A repost of a repost, of a repost of r/wtf 









 Just some fun. Excludes snack/toilet breaks :p 









 Btw how did you find this sub? 









 Good to see you're still an established redditor :p 









 Come on, Every Minecrafter knows what gravel is! 




 Reddit approves  




 Ahhh alright, thanks man :) 









 This horrifyingly reminds me of the Human Centipede  




 Try it with wool blocks and signs
 




 Noble salute  




 Get the Zepellin mod, and fly away on his majestic back 




 2475069397829075708 Hey bud, thanks for posting in this community, This seed has one tree, many resources (diamond) some sugarcane, and an easy to find dungeon, It's for 1.2.5, Hope this helps you out, And thanks for getting the community going :)
 




 Hey bud, I found a seed for 1.2.5 :) It's 2475069397829075708. 
It has only one tree, many resources (diamond) and an easy to find dungeon, and also some sugarcane. Hope this helps. Can you please advertise and support this community so we can find other survival fans like us :) Best of luck with your survival island :) 
























