 One more person in your support group is a major win by my standards. And now you know you have someone at work, on site, that cares enough to help you through it while you're there. Double bonus! 




 Don't ever apologize for how you feel, because then you're just apologizing for being honest. I have similar issues - I work at a minimum wage job and own a condo with my wife. She makes substantially more than me, so whenever I hand over whatever I can from my check (min wage/35 hours a week), I honestly feel like I'm not pulling my own weight, and that can definitely cause my depression to rear it's ugly head. What I'm currently doing is something you may want to consider yourself - consider your job options. Put together a resume, that actually helped me, because then I got to sit there and put down all my personal strengths and attributes - right there, on paper, for me to see. While you're working at this current job, try to set aside time when you're home to do a job search for maybe an hour or so. Basically, start taking steps out of the darkness you're in - even if you don't know where you're going, anywhere is better than where you are, and you can't find a light to guide you out unless you take at least one step in a direction - honestly, if you hate your job that much, any direction will do. Just start taking steps that put you on a path with a bit more light on it.

I really hope this finds you safe and well. 




 I can relate. I work in customer service at a gas-station, and because of some of our policies, I deal with a lot of blatant hostility. On top of that, I've suffered depression all my life - so waking up to face the day sometimes is almost more than I can handle. I'm not afraid to admit that some days, I wake up in tears because I just -do not want to go-. What I'm doing right now for my situation is exploring other job options, while showing up to work every day and telling myself one simple thing - "I can do this. I did this yesterday and the day before, I can do it today". As for your depression, find someone you can talk to who you can trust to take you seriously, if you haven't already. But as for today, I wish you the best of luck. 




 Agreed - as a fan of the genre myself, that does sound very metal. And as for what deertribe said, they're right. The sheer fact that you're acknowledging your depression and that it's effecting you in such a way is a step in the right direction. The fact that you chose to sit down and express yourself instead of suicide is a leap in the right direction. You obviously have a poetic touch, and I'd like to encourage it. Keep writing, whether you share it with people or not, keep writing. It's something that's helped throughout my life, and it's at least something worth exploring. 




 I work in customer service, so dealing with the public every day, we're expected to always be polite, courteous, and professional. If you haven't done customer service, then I can assure you - remaining polite, courteous, and professional while someone's literally screaming at you is... difficult. But I do it, because I need the damn job (for now). But being unable to express myself the way I would like to in those situations means I have to choke it down. Some days, when I get home, I find myself in the same situation - just wanting to cry. And sometimes, I do. And sometimes, it helps. But as for the emotions and thoughts that I'm actually suppressing, I do find it helpful to find someone I can trust and talk to. 




 I know what that's like. My reason for not wanting to wake and face the day is work - I work at a gas-station that sees a lot of business throughout the day, and two years ago corporate decided that we would start ID'ing -everyone- for alcohol/tobacco regardless of the customers age or frequency of visits (some people come in every day). Since then, I get up, go to work and check ID's - and deal with a lot of blatant hostility. Because I'm a skinny guy with long hair, every go-to insult is about my sexuality ("Skinny little..."), even though they know nothing about me other than my name, a physical description and where I work.

There have been a lot more nights since then that I've fallen asleep hoping that I don't wake the next day, and it sucks. Like you, I don't want to commit suicide, but I wouldn't mind just slipping into the void one night.

Hang in there. Keep fighting. You're worth it. I hope this helps. 




 Small victories are like grains of sand - a handful may not seem like much, but with enough handfuls you can fill a sandbox. With enough sandboxes, you can make a beach. 

View it like this - fighting against depression is like fighting a war. One victory isn't enough to win the entire war, but winning a battle will lead you one step closer.

And with that said - keep fighting. You're worth it. 




 Reaching out (like you're doing here) is a great start. I'm 31, and I've suffered from depression all my life, and like you, I've never really had the money to afford medical treatment. But what's always helped me is finding someone I can trust to listen to me and take me seriously - most of the time (for me, at least) just getting it off my chest was enough to at least spark a light to help guide me out of the darkness. Or, like shadowhermit suggested, find out if your campus has a counsellor, and talk to them. It's not a 'cure-all', but it's at least a start.

I hope this helps in some small way. 




 Losing family isn't easy by any standard, and it's not easy at any age. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer last month, with only 3 months between her diagnosis and the day she died. Seven years ago, I lost my uncle to lung cancer after he'd 'won' the battle 2 years prior. I lost my grandfather at 12, and I still remember to this day walking into his hospital room as he took his last breath.

I'm 31, and to this day, losing them and several friends throughout my life to automobile accidents, sickness and suicide still effects me. It's not something you ever truly 'get over', and when the wound of losing someone is fresh, there's nothing you can really 'do' for your family other then be there for them. When they talk, listen. When you have something to say, speak. As for feeling lost, I'm sorry, but that's only natural. Death is disorienting. What helped (and continues to help) me is keeping them in my memory, and continuing my own life in a way that I believe would honor their memory.

I'm sorry for your situation, and I hope this helps in some small way. 
























 If it helps, don't label it as "depression". Tell them what you're experiencing. Tell them you're sad more often than not, if that's how you feel. Tell them whatever depressive symptoms you may be experiencing, and tell them one simple thing - "I want help." Believe me, it scary admitting that to people you love. I told my parents at 16 about how I 'felt like ending it all', and that if I didn't get help soon, I was afraid I might actually try. When I confessed this to them, they opened up and showed me the love and support I needed, and got me to a doctor to help me begin understanding what I was going through. It's scary, yes, but you can do it. 




 My expected check out age was 21 - I'm 31 now. And honestly, for me, it's been a bit of a mixed bag. From 18 right up to 21, I was falling pretty deep into a drug addiction - which was going to be my intended way out. Whether it was the cocaine, the pills and alcohol, or hell, any other drug I was popping into my system at the time, I really didn't care how I went, I just wanted to go. What saved me was, as far as I'm concerned, was luck - at least in the beginning. I met the woman who would later become my wife. So happy ending, right? This is where it becomes that mixed bag I mentioned. Yes, I can say that I'm happy with my wife and how she supports me through my darkest moments. But having a check out date meant I didn't plan to have a future, which meant I never planned for my future. I didn't further my education (how I passed high school is still a mystery to me), I didn't seek a decent career, and now I'm stuck at a crap job making minimum wage. So... yeah, I'm happy with aspects of my life, but there other aspects that I wish I could've actually planned for and implemented. 




 I can relate. Now, I can't completely speak for how it is for you, but for me, it's because I'm aware of my depression, and out of my small group of friends, I'm really the only one who suffers from a clear case of depression - I was diagnosed clinically depressed when I was 16. My friends have all experienced depression at points in their lives, but to be depressed virtually -all- the time can be hell. Because here I am, sitting with them, laughing with them, joking with them... and all I can think is that they're genuinely happy, and I'm not. It makes me feel like I'm forcing it, faking it so that I can fit in, which begins that downward spiral into a darker mindset. If anything, I found that opening up to my friends about my depression, talking to them about it so that they understand that, 'Hey, [Echo] may be quieter than he usually is, but now that we know the reason, we understand and respect it.' My friends know that, sometimes when I go out with them, I may be in a bit of a slump, but because I can trust them to not judge me, I feel safe going places with them.

I don't know if this helps, but I hope it does. 




 That's one the ugliest things that depression can do to you - cause you to question everyone around you. But it's not you, it's the depression. It has a way of tricking your mind into thinking that no one cares, when in actuality, they may just be away, not have their phone on them, or possibly dealing with a situation of their own. But then again, there are the people out there who don't want to be around people who suffer from depression because they may be dealing with it on their own, they may not understand it, or - at the very worst, they may not really care. Start paying attention to the ones who DO respond, no matter how long it may take, and then mark the ones who NEVER respond - cull the herd as necessary. If they're NEVER there for you, they may not be the type of person you need in your life. They're potentially toxic, and what you need to do now is clear your mind and take care of yourself, with the help of those who care about you. And, sometimes it helps to -not- fight the urge to cry. Sometimes just getting it out helps. It helps me from time to time immensely. 




 Crying yourself to sleep is the equivalent of a sneeze being a symptom to a cold. You're sad, but you don't know why. Sometimes, that's unfortunately how depression works. I've more days than I'd like to count where I was doing fine, and then - out of nowhere, I just didn't want to be doing what I was doing, and would rather be at home curled up with a book and ignoring the world. Do a bit of soul-searching, explore for any causes that may be the underlying reason for your current sadness. If you have a friend you can trust and talk to, use them as a soundboard, maybe they'll be able to see something you don't because you're dealing with it all the time without even realizing it. That would be my suggestion, and I hope it helps, even if a little bit. 




 Agreed - and not just family, don't be afraid to ask your friends. Maybe one of them can help you out while you continue putting your life together. Sounds to me like you're doing quite a good job of it, you're just hitting a speed-bump in life. But remember, the climb to the top is difficult, but the view is worth it.

And if you truly are afraid of ending up homeless, do some research now - find shelters in your area and foodbanks. In fact - if your area of the world is anything like mine, foodbanks are amazing for the sheer fact you don't have to be homeless in order to step in line - I did a short bit of volunteer work at a foodbank in my town, and a lot of people were coming through for a free lunch simply because it helped free up funds.

But whatever you do, please don't give up. 




 Hopefully you find one someday. Don't give up hope just because you haven't found one yet. 




 Thank you for that. And I know it's hard to watch your mother cry - when my uncle and grandfather (her father) died, she was in tears almost constantly, which had me in tears constantly. So instead of talking, she just held me in her arms and we cried together. During this time of grief for your family, don't be afraid to show them that you're feeling it too. 




 I understand - my current job has destroyed my own ambition to work. I'd much rather just do as you're doing, curl up with something to watch or read, and just mentally slip away from the world. So this is another thing I've (trying) to get myself to do more and more - making paracord bracelets. As cheesy as that may sound, it gives me something to do, and when I'm finished, I feel a bit of accomplishment, because hey! I just made something.

I'm not saying go out and buy a bunch of paracord, but spend some of that time in your head exploring the idea of crafting something - draw, write, if you have an instrument you haven't picked up in forever, pick it up now and just fiddle with it. Do it for a bit a day, and maybe a bit longer a few days later. But what you need to do is get yourself out of this rut. And if it doesn't capture your interest, then set it down, and explore the idea of something else. Experiment. Find something that engages you, and start from there. 
























