




 Review your porn history.  




 Idk what I could offer, but I do know my pirate name would be Tash Von Rapier ARRRRRRGGHGH 
























 I'm going to start by saying you are a perceptive 15 year old. When I was 15, all I cared about was Dragon Ball Z. 

She's definitely into you, but you shouldn't ask her to this dance. Let your friend do his thing.  




 I think of a lot of girls find awkwardness cute!  




 Amirite?  




 I'm just acting like I don't care, but I am ACTING. 




 It was okay. He's not a performer, so the show was bland.  




 see my reply to klocke 




 It wasn't like that lol. I just told her "hey, the logical side of my brain is telling me it's not okay for you to stay here after i leave." i meaaan, who let's a stranger stay at their place after they leave.  




 thanks. new.  




 nah. it was good for both parties for sure. if a couple orgasms i any indicator.  




 damn that's what i should have said. 




 I'm not saying she has a low self esteem b/c i'm projecting or b/c she fucked me. It's just in her body language, and just her general personality.  
























 Cursive 




 Did you mean: Do you think billions of people will die due to catastrophic events? 




 When Goku went super saiyan. 









 I teach at a high school in China "Why do foreigners do it so much?" 




 They really are. The air quality teeters between hazardous and harmful from day to day, but we've been fortunate to have a couple hazardous days in a row! 




 1:get money 2: fuck bitches 3: repeat 




 America is officially more progressive than France.  









 My students' grades benefit. 




 I love beer and playing guitar, so I drink while I grade homework which is often interrupted by me spontaneously rocking out.  




 Relevant
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-agl0pOQfs 




 Are a lot of female cops cat ladies? 




 This can't be good for the equilibrium of the ecosystem. These animals are extinct for a reason. 




 CHIEFS AND CHOPPER CHIEFS AND CHOPPER 




 hahaha wow ok i get it.  




 i am planning on having him sign a baseball bat 




 sorry. drunk redditing. 
























