 That's why u sleep when you want your quarter, so you won't be traumatised when she arrives. 




 Na, were main characters in every bodies story. Everything we do effect one another.
 




 CREATOR OF THIS POST, know that you have saved lives with this thread, thus saving many worlds. I thank you.

Also, I like to say that this reminds me of the theory: every thing you see is an illusion, a vision inside your head that you can not prove 100% to be real.
 If this theory is true that means that, with the power of your mind,  you can change the world anyway you want. 




 Pls tell me vid
I need to know
 




 We should ask this to gold member 




 It's like that movie where the evil oil monster is defeated by the wood chipper and he gets trap into the tree. Ferngully I believe the name of the movie 




 Remind me of old video" my anus is bleeding." 
























 How much would it cost to get her to make me one 




 Damn off brands 




 Any movie where the dog dies 




 I know a girl who put a rolled up waffle in her vagina. 

 




 Yes, cuz my parents would have wooped me if I didn't take that kind of money  




 Should of have read terms and conditions before agreeing to unconditional love. Now I don't love you 




 During home coming week me and my friend was talking in the hall. This girl I liked came up behind me and my friend very loudly stated" the girl you like so much is behind you, now's your chance to ask her to the dance". I turn around, blushing like hell, and I see that her face is redder than mine. She said before I opened my mouth" only if we go as friends." 
























 You make a good point. If I was to go with an aquatic animal it would be those fishes deep in the sea that have that dangling light thingy that draw there prey in. 




 Yours has been the scariest by far 




 I think it would be an elephant 




 It must be a living thing and mobile. Can't be a rock formation or any technology. 




 Awkward moment when a bear has more game than you 




 I took my ex to McDonald's. I ended up playing on the playground. 

What she did not know was my sister brought my nephew there during the same time and that's who I was playing with 




 Kame hame ha!!! 
























 Source?  




 Sauce? 
Yes, I'm going to be THAT guy 




 http://www.tube8.com/teen/public-sex/23929021/
Is this it 




 Sauce plz. I'll pay u in gum 




 Hug her for me. Because this work of art is a gift to all of us 




 Plz people, sources. I need to fap to the full vid 





























 I'd get in. Guy in back sheet puts gun to my head. "Drive, fast." I drive as fast as I can. Cop start chasing me. Girl unzipped me and starts giving me amazing head. I climax causing me to go off a bridge. Me and girl survive and we run away with the money they stole. I live happily ever after in mexico  




 Heidi needs new high tops 




 At first It looked like an opening for a fifty shades of grey parody 




 Source plz 




 Please sauce 




 Source would be nice 




 What happens when you reenact 50 shades of grey 
























