 Shaefers flavor doesn't fade, even when your thirst is done!Ahhh, the good old days. 




 If I have to choose strictly from my childhood,Pong, 




 Yessss! A fellow Boogerman fan! If you have a wii you can find this in the classic games section. 




 Pirates gold was the first game to make me lose track of entire days. 




 Great game! Bought the sega collection cd just for that! 




 The original Warcraft,Pirates gold and Road rash.Ahhh, those were the joys of my early middle age years! 




 Loved that game and recently found it available for ps3,having a ball! 




 TROTTER! 




 Kalimba! 




 HA!HA!
 




  Forget the tax aspect, and ask a less fortunate freind if they could use a car.If they say Yes, just give it away and you earn some respect in your comunity. If they say no just junk it for weight. Either way you will do better than getting involved with the Gov. or bogus charities. 




 SUHWEEET! 




 Large knife a swiss blade mated to a handlle I whittled from the branch of a chesnut tree. Two hidden pins On the inside are sawed ends of drill bits. Raw hide wraps on the out side.Crack in the handle came from throwing this into the kitchen wall about  1000 times,balace is perfect.
Small knife is an old hacksaw blade worked with a file and the handle whittled from a 100 year old maple that blew down in my yard.One hidden pin sawed from a drill bit and the bolster is cast like an old time knife but with epoxy and coal dust for color. 









 You can use a hand gun against a half dozen crooks with automatic weapons and not think about  picking up the better weapon of the guy you just killed.
 




 18 Year olds getting killed for the profit of others=BULLSHIT! 




 Amen Brother.
 




 Full size Hattori chef knife
 




 For the price of 10 crap knives, you can buy a good knife. Lesson well learned.
 




 Great knife, good companion to the scallion 




 Lone Wolf makes some very nice knives,good score
 




 75,000,000,000,000 up-votes for you.That show disgusts me and I wonder how the stars that had to work their way up feel about it.  




 Fuck you. 




 The duck is better than the scary pharmacuticals. 




 In the 80's  worked  with alot of African, Turkish, and Afgan people who were brought here by the US goverenment as a reward for helping fight against the Russians.I have never seen a more patriotic group of people in my life. More so than Americans. They all got Fucked.
 




 FREAK! 




 So nice to see a president who doesn't have a stick shoved up his ass 




 Ha ha! you are right,we used to live fast and dangerous,now we live slow and predictable 









 I like a combination of both.Albany NY had Mason and Shean in the 80's,best morning show ever. My biggest peeve are the "DJ's" who are just hired to run play lists and have no clue about music at all. 




 Ha Ha!  Probably should have put this on Creepy,but trolling the comments was fun! 




 Not at all Dr. Shit face! 




 Sorry will try to post mutilated genitalia from now on. 




 Hitchcock 




 This is from last spring. I had said to my wife the red wing Black birds had not come back yet.
One week later this pic, and not just this tree, every tree in our yard. Creepy!
 









 I also drink shitty beer and I love this ad! 




 Acceptable to swear. George Carlin started this patriotic movement years ago with the 7 deadly words. 









 Saw this live back in the day .Made me tear up,still does.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CBShoN2bhA 









 Those new shows are horrible,same old jokes told by old woman,gay guy, ethnic person,you name it,and the corps are afraid I will pirate this garbage? 




 Oh yeah 




 Mosanto= evil incarnate. 




 I agree.They are good for light duty though. 




 Pure Komachi series by Kershaw.Made in Japan,discontinued but you can still find them.Don't bother with Pure Komachi2 series,those are Chinese junk. 




 http://www.worldknives.com/products/linder-crown-stag-miniature-hunting-knife-nr-566705-2874.html 



















 All the Bat man movies. 




 Nothing to cringe at here.He is a sweet animal and well mannered.She takes him traveling with her and her boy friend and he enjoys that.As in most cases, if there is a problem it is the fault of the owner not the animal. 




 Not just the body.He built the frame,suspension and just about everything else 














 He is half German shepard and half arctic wolf. My friend has the pics of his parents and all the documentation on him.She got him from a Specialized breeder. He does not look to humans first,he goes about his buisiness until you get his attention,a definate trait of wolfs.Thanks for the interest he's not mine but he is the most awesome dog I know. 



















 You are the reason I like dogs more than people. 




 Giant dildo under sink...lol! 









 Love that trick! 




 They are beutiful knives. 




 Just want to add that my dream knife is a Hattori 




 Love my Douk-Douk! 




 Great post,thanks.I'm a chef and love all kinds of knives,At work I've used Dexters,Victorinox,Chicago,ect. for 35 years and I would say these are more than enough for the average person.At home I keep a set of Shuns in a bamboo "shrine" on the wall and only use them for special occasions.My workaday home knives are  kershaw Pure Komachi series.These were made in Japan and are wonderfull light duty blades but don't confuse them with Pure Komachi2 which are Chinese junk.
 




 Have one just like it and it is my baby. 




 Hor devours! 




 City bus driver jams on brakes and stops,"F*ck this,f*ck this,I have f*cking had it!",Leaves bus still running in the middle of the road.Last seen running down side street.Way to funny and it turns out I know his dad! He is a spoiled little prick. 









 One of my favorite songs,still relevent 30 some years later.3 Thumbs up!!! 




 Yeah I know... Challenging 




 Ha Ha! That did not take long,checked spelling with my wife,she said I should run back and change it before I got busted! 









 Love this! 









 Nieto picnic knife.This is a cool little (about 2" closed) knife.Olive wood scales and AN-58 blades and much decorative work.Fit and finish are not perfect(slight buffer burn on the corner of one scale) but very nice.Build is very tight and solid.Edge needs a bit of stropping to shave hair.Mine came with a very tiny nick in one side of the edge but I think it was just one of those things as the rest of the knife is so tightly built.Not a deal breaker for me.Custom made collector quality? No. Cool little piece of jewelery for about $40 bucks?Oh yeah! 




 Ok,back as promised.From the top down:
Kizlyar U-5:These are hand made in Russia,my #1 favorite.
Helle HE30:This is a work of art,outstanding fit and finish.heavy duty blade is razor sharp,could stand up to hard use.
Lone Wolf U.S.45:Nice utility knife,hand checkered rosewood scales.
CRKT Fulcrum:Nice unusual knife,fun to play with.
SOG Mini Vulan:Love the look of this one,Tight build, solid lock up.
Kershaw double something:Classic pattern with thumb studs and unique single liner lock.
Nieto picnic knife:I like this little piece of jewelery,more on a seperate comment.
Kershaw Scallion:Best pocket knife ever,I use this about 500 times a day. 




 Thanks for the likes,all.Will be back on this afternoon with some details.
 









 Love that song,puts me in a mellow mood.
 




 Try looking here.
http://www.worldknives.com/goldclub.php 









 Birds gotta fly,fish gotta fry. 




 Took a cab ride in Manhattan one time and the driver seemed angry.
I thought he must be having a bad day,so when we arrived I paid the fare
plus 150% tip and said "Thanks man". With a move that would have made Bruce Lee proud he snatched the money from my hand,then looked me straight in the eye and said "Thank yourself mufukka!".
 









 Caravan palace 




 This week on TLC: Toddlers and tri-pod machine guns,starring Honey boom-boom! 




 Disregarding the time Factor,Foggy mountain break down by Flatt Scruggs for the fall then 21st century schizoid man by King Crimson for the chute. 




 WhOOOOOOOOOA BUNNNDYYY!
 




 When I,m caught talking to myself, I just say that I needed an expert opinion. 









 Better cancer,aids treatment.
Cheaper energy.
Faster cheaper broad band.
You name it,the list goes on and on.
Buy a bulk pack of old fashioned good news twin blade razors,they last forever.Those dual pod quasi action 9 bladed turbo razors are only designed to shave your wallet. 




 Hitler was such a hot head,that bacon should be crisp.
Photo shop. 




 AAAAAAMen 









 Every time I do this I just get Slapped,WTF! 




 Gus from Lonesome Dove. 




 Love old school movies. 









 Thanks for the comment! got this guy from ASPCA and he was a mess.
So afraid of everything,he would sink to the ground and visibley tremble.
 




 A rescue dog,he used to tremble in fear.
 









 Karl Rove. 




 Another pararsite liveing off others.Makes me sick. 




 Ha ha! sounds catholic. 




 1962=pig,2011=snouts and hoofs+meat glue+chemestry set. 




 Actual lol,excellent!
 
























 Cows creek willow 




 So I bought a used car...found my wifes' dress in the back seat. 




 Resident evil directors cut 




 You are so right,upvote for you 




 Well said. 




 Oh my god,I just realized that my wife is a quilter and uses deadly sharp
rotary cutters and scary big scissors,Should I bail out now,or wait untill
I'm threatened by her "ULTRA DEADLY" sewing machine tactical ninja
quilting needles? 




 Well said sir! Regards..."the king of siam" 




 You are correct sir,but not all of us, thank...Whatever 




 If I had a hammer,I'd hammer in the moooorninnng! 




 Thank you sir! I was begining to think that I was the only one who thinks like this. 









 As an American: Where are the hookers,crackheads and trigger happy cops? 




 This kind of nonsense really pisses me off. The use of a cutting edge is the single most important development in the history of mankind.
You can survive without fire but you cannot survive without some sort of cutting edge.Every single thing that you eat, wear or use in this world   requires some sort of knife to produce. The first pocket knife used to be a rite of passage for a 10-12 year old boy,now they are taught that knives are scary terrorist weapons  that will not be tolerated.What is the result of this nonsense? I have young nephews that know I like knives and without fail, on some  X-mas or B-day I will recieve a big scary looking mall-ninja piece of shit.I use those to chop weeds out of the yard and shake my head in sadness.
 




 Beutifull!
 




 "Singing it sadder than a one car funeral"...RIP Possum,you were a true
country legend. 




 Nice work, I would def buy this knife! 




 Love this show.

 




 To your brother: Get out now and take the baby before that cunt can use
your child to get her shithooks into you and your families money.I've seen cunts like this, and as the child gets older ,(he/she) will become mommies little meal ticket;alimony, child support,welfare, medicade, ect. 




 Just shine it on Pony-boy. 




 Kids in the 1950s. 




 Way to go! 




 You people are idiodts 




 Spot on , my sentiments exactly! 




 Dickhead,? do you even read the posts? 




 Stupid Redditor, I am simply pointing out that the internet will go the same way as cable.You can say fuck me, but your ISP will fuck you worse,DUMB ASS! 




 I have a word for people like that....DICKFACE ASSHOLES,with all due respect.
 









 This goes on every day in the rest of the world and here secrectly. 




 Shmerzen means sperm 




 One time at Christmas my step son asked who this Howie was that everyone was singing about.I said what? He said  You know,"Howie Louya"One of the best laughs of my life. Kids are kids. 




 People that do this are chicken shit ass holes looking for attention,and they insult the people who have really had to deal with losing a loved one. 




 Got to love dogs. 




 Stop spreading the hype dickhead,we all die at some point and how you die does not matter. The media wants to scare you. Get busy living. 




 Ha ha! Well said. 




 Hot peppers! 




 Yeah yeah. 




 Not sure of exact model.Larger wenger with slide lock blade and grey scales. 




 congratulations pa pa! 




 Meh, HD is soooo 2110, everything is 3d nowdays. 




 Didn't break it but twisted it a bit. 




 People die all the time,I don't need  it shouted at me 24/7 on the news with every vaguely concievable side track thrown in. 














 I pretty much agree with this which is why it saddens me when eveyday,
(Non military/law enforcement),people proudly show off their new
"Slash master tactical death spike 9000" EDC.
 




 Killing yourself is about hurting other people,fuck you you whiney little prick. 




 Shoes.
 




 Having the area between my nuts and ass sliced open to drain an abcess,
no pain meds. 




 The Belisarius series by Eric Flint and David Drake,I enjoyed the characters as much as the story. 




 INTERNET!! 




 Once asked my friend why white girls are like a trophy for black guys.
He said,"Black girls think they all to good to suck ya dick."
Dam near died laughing! 




 Hook up with girl from the south,after some great sex, she jumps out of bed saying "Oh my God we're sinners,sinners against the Lord!"throws on her cloths and runs from the house. 




 I've kept this video on my phone for years,always gets a laugh! Hands down the best video I've ever found on youtube although the crazy Mentos kid runs a close second. 




 That crazy Nam-vet is stalking me on Facebook. 




 Classy! 




 The "squeel like a pig" guy in Deliverence. He's in alot of movies but that's all I can picture when I see him. 




 German bra? You mean a Keepsumfromfloppin? 




 We tie our shoes with little nazis 




 That Puma hunter is a gem,treat it well 




 Politicians 




 Nine thumbs up! 




 Well done! 




 Snob!!!!! 




 Tard 




 Allow a women to turn me into a plow horse. You want a partenership,chip in and help. 









 Trey Parker 




 Love of knives. 




 MARS ATTACKS!!! 




 Santa only comes once a year and thats down the chimney :) 




 Very nice collection,we need to see more of the well done simple knives and less of the tacticalshmactical foofaraw,fixed OR folder. Your taste sir, is impeccable! 




 Saw The Exorcist at a midnight show while doing acid, walked home alone at 3AM shitting my pants the whole way. That movie was a horror milestone. 




 And the south shall rise again! 




 Ha ha! I drive like this in forza and gt5 and my wife laughs at me.Now I can show her that this is how it's supposed to be done! 




 For LOTR fans, Bored of the rings from Harvard lampoon. Frito,Dildo,Lego'lamb...Cracks me up every time! 




 The giant cartoon "Hotwheels" bother me much more than the red-neck balls thing. Kind of like people who put sweaters on pit-bulls. 




 Very nice! I like that you left the file grooves to show on the finished blade, a touch of "blue collar class". 




 Highest taxes in the nation. Welcome to New York,you're about to get fucked real hard! 




 Saw this years ago and died laughing,was never able to find it again. Thanks for digging it up! 




 Geronimoooooooo! 




 Ha ha! Some day I will learn how to turn off that annoying feature. 




 When I was a kid in the early 70's we thought we were all cool with our CAT knives...they were junk. Turned me off to Mercator for a long Time. Looking back, they were probably  Japan imports which back then were junk. Today,Japan is the same Great Quality as the Made in the USA of yesteryear if not better.Try here http://www.worldknives.com/ I have had good luck with Linder, Nieto, and the French, Swiss and Russian companies. Anything from Seiki Japan is nice. Hope this helps. 




 Great knife for the money,very well made.Carbon steel blade takes a fine edge and is easy to sharpen,has a second detent so the blade will stop at half way closed instead of just snapping shut. Try one out and post your opinion. Thanks for the interest :) 









 Do you expect me to talk? No Mr. Bond, I expect you to DIE! 




 Amen
 




 Great stuff,thanks. 




 Victorinox 




 Big   Tasty...LMFAO! 




 Mufuggin boom! 




 John Prine- Great days. Pink Floyd - Dark side of the moon.
David Bromberg- Howlatel yaplaytill 














 Pilots survival knife,those small saw teeth are meant for cutting through aluminum aircraft bodies.
 




 Made fresh daily. 




 Antivirus programs. 




 http://www.worldknives.com/products/mercury-special-stag-swingguard-folding-bowie-knife-8937xc-217.html 




 So true. 




 In an unused butcher block stand. I throw the silica gel pacs from my wifes meds in with them. 




 Vantage is a great knife for the money. It is also the only knife I own that it isn't a pain in the ass to use the pocket clip. 




 So awesome! 




 Kabar ships these with an extra set of black scales,(the fixed blades anyway),if you don't like the zombie look change the scales.I personaly love that logo. 




 Actually, this should be the official commercial.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdnJxDmJNmA 




 Another beautifull knife from Helle. Gets my vote! 




 Thanks for the interest everyone. I bought this as a show piece and would not want to ruin that beautifull polish by taking it in the field.I have used it in my kitchen though and it is razor sharp and well balanced.Finger guards? we don't need no steenking finger guards,LOL! As far as legal limits go,cops do whatever cops want to do.When I'm about town I just carry a small folder in my pocket,(Kershaw scallion),don't see the need for more than that. 









 Gillette goodnews twin blade razors. Shake dry when done,strop on your arm before next use,they last for months. 




 10 thumbs up! 




 The all new High-mac! 




 FYI people.The constitution of the united states of america was based on the system of the Iroqious federation of tribes. 
























 Grooms of the stool. 




 Collecting aston Martins! 




 The 20 somethings at my job don't know who Fonzie is. 




 Go soak your head! 




 Look at it this way, she's a coniving bitch and your better off without her.
She's using the new boyfriend to piss you off,what do suppose is in his future? Advice: If new guy wises up and dumps her, do not give in to her pleas to get back with you. 




 Cable. 




 Ha ha this is the spice of life! 




 You are such a moron, 




 Chem weapons found in iraq  were sold by american corps, google it.
 




 All these terms are just genaric now and thrown about willy nilly. they don't really mean someone is racist or a bigot or a hater. It's just pop culture. I lived in the south in the 80's in a small town, and saw real racisem hate and bigotry. If this guy stuck up for a gay, he meant well. Personally I am disgusted with all the polically correct language that is forced upon us. 




 Probably supplied by the US. 




 You are here. 




 The whole "Show her respect by spending a months wages on a diamond"
thing was an ad campaign started by De-beers in the 30's. 









 She was auditioning for GWAR ha ha! 









 I notice it mostly on net flix(bufferering) or downloading games or movies(hours of waiting). 









 Small town,big hospital. 









 See it all the time, the doctors wives look at you like shit on thier shoe if you ask them to move. 









 The Saturn was a good system and one game really stands out in my memory. Mr Bones was one of the best games I have ever played, my son and I spent hours and hours playing it. Every level was like a different game.  




 The village board has imposed a $2.00 parking fee on main street against the wishes of all the residents and businesses. If you go to Cooperstown or plan to, please protest this on the internet. Thank you.
 




 Just a basic shape like on a puko knife or japanese knife. 




 Ha ha! Pre- Murica! 




 This actually made the top 40! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxgagXVqZZM 




 Nope! Same with oil change.
 




 The right act like loud mouth overbearing baboons because that is how they see their fan base. The left act like better than you strutting peacocks because that is how they see THEIR fan base. In fact, none of them give a shit about all the social issues they go on and on about other than how many votes they can get.Who ultimately wins out of all this? BIG MONEY! They are all just hogs at a trough and if they have their way we will end up just like: Africa, India,South America...pick one. 




 Nice! If you ever make another like this I would be interesd in buying one, with mabey a slight change in handle shape. 




 Yeah yeah ,bite me. 




 I still hate this fucking show. 




 Took me about 10 years to figure out what he meant ,Ha ha! 




 Am I the only one here who got the joke? FYI most people I know who abuse welfare and food stamps are lazy fat ass white women. 




 I hate this fucking show. 




 Imitating Hoss from Bonanza always seems to work.Condescending city guy: "How's it goin there chief?"  Me: "Right fine, lil' fella!" Irate woman: "Blabbity blabbity I have never blah blah blah!" Me: "Eeeeasy big fella!" 




 Ha Ha! That one made me laugh! 









 If you fuck up a relationship, you have one right...The right to pay...and pay...and pay. 




 I was blinded by digg,...and then digg was gone. 




 Classic uncirculated doorstop. 




 Worked at a small restaraunt and Ben Vereen came in with a small party.After cooking their meal,I peeked out front to get a look at this ever smiling old school entertainer, and he was tearing his son a new asshole for screwing up the delivery of some equipment.
  Same place, Frank Gorshen comes in to drink at the bar, my boss offers to buy him a cognac if he will do the "Riddler laugh" which he did,quite loudly.We all cracked up, and then it just  snowballed and went on all night. 




 Yep!
 




 Four kicks. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abr-XWJMeu0 list=PLCE076D505BB86812 




 The well done simple ones, are always my favorite ones.! 




 Freakin awesome! 




 Consumer cellular,GREAT company! Amazon is also very good. I once got a strange phone call at work one day,it was my State Farm car insurance agent calling to tell me she could adjust my policy and save me $200/year. 




 You are a mature, smart, successfull woman. Stop acting like an 8th grade cheerleader basking in the attention you you get from your little group of lazy, ass kissing dramma queens.The people who actually work are getting tired of this shit.SHTAAAAAAP! 




 leather jacket and engineer boots optional! 




 Duh, he ran over a blue power-up! 




 Linux 




 What model is the green one? I haven't seen that one before. 









 Dancng with the stars. 




 Wake up you fucking idiots! 




 Wide world of sports. 




 Nice work! 




 The only sports I watch are racing, (any thing but NASCAR) and boxing sometimes 




 3 Thumbs up! 




 It,s already happening here in the US. A few years ago there was a drought and Georgia was theatening to go to war with Tennessee over a shared lake on the border.Meanwhile the Gator-aid plant in Georgia continued to use million of gallons of water every day. It is  illeagal to harvest rain water in Colorado. Ever see a picture of the fabulous fountains in Vegas? A few miles down stream people are starving because what once was a river is now a muddy trickle. Where I live, companies are lobbying for the right to drill for gas by pumping thousands of gallons of chemicals deep into the ground and for up to  a quarter mile or so laterally.In pennsylvania, where this has gone on for a while, people can light their well water on fire and whole towns have been ruined. The gas comany will supply them with trucked in water while they drill, but after they move on they are fucked. This is just in the US,it is 100 times worse in third world countries and the propblem is not the population, it is the corperations. 




 After extensive research I have narrowed all disorders down to one syndrome,SSED (sugar,shit food, energy drinks,douche bag parents). 




 Monsanto: Fucking the small farmer for the last 100 years! 




 Reality is strong in this one! 




 Slapstick 




 Hope they get away with that! 




 I see this all the time in upstate NY, $ 100,000 suv that has never seen rougher terrain than the suburbs of Jersey, with a crew of: Douchey middle age white guy with a sleeveless shirt and backwards hat.Peg Bundy.Snotty, rude kids dressed in designer clothes.  




 Best rat bike ever! 









 The US allowing the federal national bank to take control of our economy. 




 Fuck you ,there are many talented kids out there who deserve recognition. Just because they didn't get a chance to be on "Americas' biggest media whore" doesn't make them invalid. 




 You mean the dirty hands from getting doggy fucked on a warehouse floor? 




 War kills people, Cops kill people,Politicians kill people.My old 22? It only kills woodchucks and the occasional pesky squirrel or rabbit. 




 "Women weaken legs" 




 Whiner. 




 I remember seeing an episode of "Wide world of sports" many years ago that took place on a beach in Main,don't remember the event, but half the segment was upstaged by a 7 foot lobster that was hanging out on the beach. 




 Keep it up, you have something there! 




 Love the wood scales!
 




 Is there gas in the chain saw? 




 Gives us its tips, precious! 




 Scene from History channels' new series,"Swamp logger dogs" 




 Ah,the good old days,when singers had talent! 




 The bible has been rewritten countless times by men who were arguabley the politicians of their times. 




 Bones. 




 Nothing will happen,never does. 




 This once pretty girl can now be sure that guys aren't just after her for her looks. 




 I just want to celebrate-Rare Earth. 
Every day people- Sly and the family stone. 
From 30,000 feet- John Anderson. 




 Mabey it was meant to piss you off. 




 He's all powerfull,all seeing,all knowing,...but he neeeeds money! 




 Gas up my lawn tractor with a smoke in my mouth. 









 I love this show,always cracks me up! 




 These are fairly common tourist fare at native american events. 




 Your bravery deserves an upvote. 




 My old boss used to hire this type to work in a family diner because
 in his words,"She's really nice if you talk to her" and "pretty girls bring in customers". If he didn't have more money than me I'
d have beat the piss out of him. 




 Well said, my bad on the Bucks.I hope someone reads this thread
besides you and I because that is another point,heat treating, cryo treating, forging vs stock removal,ancient method of burying the steel to rust then removing the rust,all these and more are valid points to study
if one is interested in knives. 




 Come on guys, she's just trying to work her way through college 




 If you put the City limits sign in your mirror you will see them. 




 No thanks,I hate eating the rich, they are too gamey and taste like bullshit. 




 Sorry dude. 




 Good point, I too have noticed "bragging rights" syndrome.
It's usually about brands, but what really bugs me is the whole
"super steel" thing. There is no super steel,different steels are made
for different purposes, period. D2 is good for a camp knife while 
carbon steel is better for a butcher knife,VG10 holds an edge forever
but if you use it to chop wood or bone it chips and takes forever to sharpen. 440c is a good all around choice used by Buck and many
custom makers for years. If it's well made and works it's a good 
knife IMHO. 




 Getting married. 




 Don't like it ...don't watch it.
Don't like it... don't listen to it.
Shut the fuck up 




 My late dox-beagle,(Diesel?), Willy used to hang out under the porch.
One day a guy came walking past with 2 big red dobies,Willy came
charging out snarling and growling like a fucking rabid badger rocket ship.The dobies go into fight mode and turn to meet his charge,
Willy does this ninja side step,rolls and comes up underneath them snapping at their bellys then out the other side to snap at their asses.
Poor bastard holding the leashes was trussed up good by this time and I'm sorry-ing like a Canadian as I gather up my little "stretch- lowrider"
and put him in the camper where he got a chewy and a well deserved
ATTABOY!
 




 Brawwk,Polly want a deer! 




 Stephen King needs to write a movie around that girl. 




 Clever,made me laugh. Thanks! 




 Give them the bums rush I say. In the end all they want is for you to give money to the church. 




 "Dyein ain't no way to make a livin, boy" Josie wales. 




 No shit sherlock 
























 Greed. 




 Female Dalek, EJACULATE!,EJACULATE! 




 how one guy in a suit with a hand gun can take on a squad of fully armed assault troops. 




  No, they drove down the wages 














 I am inclined to agree with brightbrightfish. My grandpa came here from Germany in the 30's and while he loved his heritage he never bragged about it. He played harmonica and acordian,made willow crafts, was an acomplished wood worker in the old ways ect, but first and formost he was an American.  if anyone referred to him as a German he would let them know that he worked hard to get here and even harder to learn the language and pass the tests to become a citizen of the USA and he was proud of that.Whatever happened to that way of thinking? 




 '67 beetle 




 The only confession bear I have ever up-voted. 




 Frequency. If you are a ham radio operator this movie was a comedy. 




 poershe 




 Sliced open from my balls to my ass to drain an abcess,no anesthetic because of all the puss,then the doctor digging it out with his finger. 




 Shadap! 




 Ha ha! So true. 




 In the summertime by Mongo Jerry 




 None of those are as bad as that Axe shit that kids like to bathe in. 




 Barbra Eden 




 Shoes are even worse. 




 Great idea,good luck! 




 Agreed, this is the 2'cnd pic I have seen this week of a lawn like that! 




 But FBI access to them is aparently still the same. 




 Why is this news? They used this same method to catch mobsters 20 years ago. 




 Played this for hours with my son,what a great time!Fuckin mini vans!Wish they would make a modern version. 




 I think your dad may have it backwards,This is typical of native style construction.Where the handle and blade meet both would be notched,wrapped with whatever open on the blade end, and liquid babbit(a pewter like metal) would be poured in to form the bolster.As an after thought,I imagine this was probably learned from the pioneers as I have seen old tools put together this way. 




 I take baths instead of a shower,so relaxing. 




 Music evolves first from imitation then inspiration then inovation.The blues came from African spirituals . Blue grass came from colonial spirituals.Combine them and write risque lyrics: Rock N Roll! Combine all that with a Europian accent:The British invasion of the 60's. Any musician that whines about another copying his "style" is a douch.Never heard Muddy Waters complain about other artists playing electric guitar,and never heard Hound Dog Taylor complain about George thorogood playing loud distorted slide. 




 Nasty pussy. 




 I agree.That being said, I also feel that a person buying from a breeder should also have to prove their ability to understand the needs of a certain breed and their sincerity to provide a stable home.ASPCA requires this to a certain degree,it should go double  for breeders.Too many people buy pets based on their own vanity then dump them when the responsability kicks in. 




 Where I live,If you say you have more than a couple drinks a week social workers start coming to your bed side to "help" you. 




 Walmart. 




 Net flix has it. 




 Actually this happens far to often. 




 Frank Zappa would have loved this guy,shut up and play your guitar!
 




 Gates is using his money to try to better the world ,I love that. But don't forget the "Woz", a genious who never compromised himself for money. 




 A stupid old flash game called Castle Attack,used to play this for hours just to hear the funny death screams. 




 Astrophysics,holy crap! 




 Smaller cereal boxes,raise price on detergent and call it concentrated. 




 Was in this situation,met the boyfriend and niether of us cared.We used to joke like this....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_u3YRZb74w 




 Ha Ha! Commenter is obviously from Japan where cat face octopus porn is commonplace. 




 Well said,few people understand this. 




 Gotta love The Post! 




 I hope this is true. 




 Yup, it works. I also put them in my tool box,furnace coal(not charcoal) will also work. 




 Hint: Save the silica pacs from med bottles and toss them in that drawer. 




 This made me laugh! My grandpa was German and his favorite joke was that the word for bra is keepzumphrumphloppin.Which brings me to my point,it's a JOKE fer chrissakes! 




 Hendrix was a master,I hate this kind of shit.
 




 Top Gear= one of the best shows on TV!
 




 As an American I would call this snooping. show up at 8pm unanounced and see if you can find something to gossip about. Dealt with it before and told people to not be so rude.
 




 Yes I do. The design is perfect for what I use it for. More of a cooks knife than a chef knife. 









 " Hey chief!" "How ya doin there sport!" and "There he is!" 




 creature from the black lagoon. 




 I hate the cesspool of organized religion,but I must give this man credit for leading by example and practicing what he preaches. 




 Ha ha! I was going to say this and it was the first thing I saw when I went to comments. Well done, you beat me by three minutes! 




 laughed so hard at this! 




 dick head. 




 what kind of "artist" would agree to do this? 




 Cut throat Island.Hot babe,swashbuckling, epic ship battles, romance,what more could you want? 




 Kershaw or Buck. 




 Reposts. 




 Clean them up and then google their value.Old Case knives are always worth something, probably the Marbles too. Both are worth keeping. 




 This guy is just another Sharpten media whore,a cigar? ,Really?
I agree that racism is alive and well in this country, but when I see this kind of shit it makes my heart sink. If you really care about the issue then adress it intelligently. BTW Zimmerman is some kind of Hispanic and the victem was black.These guys have seperate gangs that hate each other,no whitey involved. In the end it's the money that wins every time. 
  




 This man is a patriot.Anyone who thinks our government cares about the common man/woman is deluded. It's all about taking our money and giving it to the corps. Any dissent will be picked up by the nsa and sent into the prison system. So sad. 




 Two things you should never buy at a gas station: Knives, sushi. 




 Dying ain't no way to make a living.
 




 Wadaya lookin at? Get to work slackers! 




 Repair clothes/shoes. Find wild plants to eat. 




 Hire Pinky and The Brain as consultants. 




 It's the little video game character standing on her shoulder that makes her hot. 




 Go to history and find your previous page. 




 ha ha, good one! 




 I myself have been predicting all this shit for years, and it's only gonna get worse.No matter who you vote for. 




 I bow to the master! 




 ha ha! I died there many times! 




 Where's Sonic? 




 brand names.
 




 They do fund NASA in secret,the mission is to beam up all our paychecks to outer space and then use the money to fuck us some more. 




 Some people go out just to vent their anger on someone.
That being said, go to a privatley owned  eatery where the staff are professional.
 




 SHTAAAAP! 




 My ex would attack like a she-zilla and if I pushed her away it was,"YOU PUT YOUR HANDS ON ME!" Did the same to her son and tried to have him arrested. Some loonys use that poor woman thing to their advantage. 




 Easy buddy! Not trashin anyones biz or Palatka itself,just a true culture shock story.I didn't name the place and there are alot of bars around there. Had some good friends there and miss alot of things about it, the prices at Millers,take a drive to Hastings and pick up free taters along the road,my friends at the Clock,the river(Georgia sucks!)Palatka song writers,pig races at the fair,tales of the Bardin booger,The Oasis(I got freinds in low places) and so on.But my original post is true,not rumor and not the only story I could have told. It's just how some people were when I lived there.


 




 I lived in Palatka in the late 80's. Was in a bar and noticed there was a drive-up window but no driveway , asked if they were putting one in. "Nah, that's where the the nagers order then they goes n sits in the barn out there." 




 Hey,nice dress. It would look great crumpled up on my bedroom floor! 




 smoke a few one hits, watch some South Park and laugh out loud. 




 My hat goes off to you sir! 




 Monsanto moth,if it stings you they sue you for venom infringment. 




 If I find any more I will post them,Thanks for the interest. 




 Poor Billy Raye! 




 I love my Shuns,great steel,great looks and no heel,I hate the heel.
The handles are also a joy. Would I use my Shuns at work in a super busy 20 seat tourist town diner? ARE YOU CRAZY?! They hang on the wall in their bamboo "Shrine" and I use them for special dishes. I also love my original Pure Komachi set,cheap but very sharp and look nice.
I use these daily at home for light duty stuff. My home beater is an old high carbon forged that I had professionally reground. The point being,
buy what you like and don't listen to self professed experts,most of them are not experts.If you like it get more,If not,well now ya know.
I agree Vics are the best buy and always recomend them to my home use friends but they're not for me. "Far better than Shun for less"?
DON"T YOU BELIEVE IT! Those are German brands trying to imitate Shun. As far as the edge holding debate goes,serious Japanese chefs
sharpen their knives on a stone EVERY day. The knife I use at work?
 A gaudy tv personality signature knife that I bought on a whim and turned out to be perfect for what I need at work. Ha Ha! enjoy your Shuns! 




 At work we use waitress abrbeviations as joke insults:
"Hurry up ya feakin BBmuf!" " Yeah I'm commin Sesbag!" 




 Just watched this on Netflix and was fascinated. posted the youtube link so everyone can enjoy. 









 Spot on! 




 Douk-Douk knives are very nice for the price. 




 Money 




 Political influence. 




 Mall junk 




 Strap in folks, it's only gonna get worse. Those scum-bags don't even pretend to be working for us anymore. 




 Only two? 




 Saw the origanal Lynyrd Skynyrd band back in the day at an amphitheater with a huge lawn for outdoor seating.Security in those days was just some rent-a-cops to keep people from jumping over the fence.this was THE biggest party I have ever been to, probably 16 to 18 thousand people,booze,all the illicit stuff,everyone just having a rowdy good time and Skynrd were spot-on kick-ass JAMMIN!
But wait...there's more! They played just about all their stuff except Free bird and Sweet home Alabama and said good-night,crowd is really nuts with encores, lighters,(remember that?) and rebel yells.
They come back on and do a short set and finish with Free bird then say good-night again.Crowd is now going nuts again and this goes on for about 1/2 an hour, the stage is dark and people are starting to get ready to leave.A loud voice from the darkness says, "What song is it you wanna hear?"and then,dun dun dada da dun dun dada,and the stage lights up like a Christmas tree.A confederate flag big enough to cover the entire back-stage drops and they launch into Sweet home.
I have never seen anything like it, it was raining beer cans, the screaming could drown out a jumbo-jet,just...nuts. One last thing, this was in upstate NY.
 




 There is a theory that the roots mirror the branches. 




 Rough side with compound for general use,smooth side just as it is for an ultra fine edge. 




 People are good with a little A-1. 




 Eddie Haskel,what a douche. 




 What's red and white on the outside and grey on the inside?
Campbells cream of elephant soup.
What are the specks between an elephants toes?
Slow running pygmies.
How many phsyciatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
Just one, but it takes a long time and the light bulb must really want to change. 




 Very nice! 




 Hobo with a shotgun. 




 Foot ball,base ball. 




 Mega-shark 





























 Saved this for wall paper,thanks! 




 I agree with you on your comment on entry level chef knives, but would like to point out that this kid says he knows nothing about knives. A Victrorinox is good in this case,if I had a Tojiro or a Masakage back in the 70's my nickname would be Stubby and my knives would be rusted.I would advise a beginner to start mid-range and work up from there if they feel comfortable. 




 http://www.knifeworks.com/ka-barusarmy115thanniversaryknifewleathersheath.aspx 




 I have a mini-vulcan and a topo meridian and love them both. You have to pick and choose now days as most companies have begun putting out some shit knives along side of their good ones and it is not always easy to tell which is which. 




 I noticed that every time the gov. starts trying to sell us a war, the local country radio station starts cranking out the hyper patriotic,flag waving,911, hero soldier,kick the enemies ass songs. 




 The 877-cash now song,I always sing to it. 




 High end SOG knives like the tom cat or the vulcan come with vg-10 blades and are very well built but a bit pricey.Only have one from CRKT, a fulcrum,that I bought as more of a novelty than a carry. 




 Nice! 




 Time to cash in the 401k! 




 More sheeps foot than warncliffe,"Lil' big foot". 




 Designer label clothing 




 That is a very nice classic knife in good condition,You might get $40 or so for it on e-bay. A better plan would be to  store it well,keep it nice,and while you're cleaning it take the time to apreciate some fine old time craftmanship. 




 Better than calling you uncle George or Grandpa! 




 Love this. 




 Ha! This cracked me up. As my wife gets older her voice, body language and manerisems become more like her mom. 




 What brand? 




 Nice,I have one of these and use it a lot in the yard and such. 









 really like the stag handle one. what is it? 




 People always are worried on how to sharpen a recurve,just strop it on your leg before it gets too dull. 




 Pricey but very well made, http://www.knifeworks.com/sogminivulcansanmaizytelhandletantobladeplainedge.aspx 




 From waaaaaay back in the day,Moose Sholack. 




 "Dying ain't no way to make a livin boy" Josie Wales. 




 Shoes.
 




 Voter ID laws are designed to prevent certain demographics from voting. The only election frauds that have been exposed in the US are all the product of the incumbant partys. 




 Churchill 




 Peepers isn't saying anything,but he is thinking "Keep this shit up and I'm gonna shit in your head-phones,DOUCHEBAG!" 




 This is why you need to stay in school,kids. 




 Not that there's anything wrong with that! 




 Half of the younger guys I know shave their heads,it has caught on. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5tVbVu9Mkg It's just so wrong on so many levels,cracks me up every time. NSFW 




 Peggle works for me. 




 clark cutlery XLT made from 1899/1926. 




 I want one of these! 









 I don't think you will be disapointed 




 While I agree with with Weebus that you can get sharper and better performing knives for the same or a little less money than Shuns,I wouldn't say they are vastly over-priced.It depends on what you want.Shuns are marketed toward the home user and you are paying for the look and fit and finish as well as the blade,I have a set of 6 so far and they,re all flawless and better than most crap out there. I also have a Masakage blue steel2 gyuto that puts them to shame edge-wise,same price as my biggest Shun much better blade but not as pretty and needs more care.Want a fast car that will impress people? buy an Aston-Marton.Want to go faster than every one? Buy an old model A with a 454 big block.Want to slice frozen Turkey? look here http://www.husqvarna.com/us/forest/products/xp-saws/346-xp-e-tech-triobrake/ 




 My fuckin fire-truck bitch! 









 Thanks for the interest it was my brothers, who passed 20 years ago.Don't know how long he had it. I'll never sell it. 




 Stop cutting when you get to your finger(Chef advice). 




 Economic bigotry, "I'm wealthy so it's OK to stomp on the less fortunate".
 




 Developed a large nasty abscess on my taint(area between balls and ass),went to ER and was told it had to be sliced open and drained.I am
laying on my side with my ass stuck out and one knee up listening to the doctor warning me that this is going to hurt  when the door opens and another doctor asks if I would mind  a young pretty female med student observing the procedure,ever the polite one,I agree.The next 5 minutes were the most painfull and embarrassing of my life. 









 16 years old and not a single dis,dat, sup or nigga,amazing! 




 No lack of quality on this knife,it is very tight and well built. 









 Those are very nice,I'm sure they are collectible.Dollar value depends on many variables.Look on the main blades to see which company made them and google that for a start.Having the sheaths is a big plus. 




 Don't know, I got these from a flea market awhile back just to save them. I actually worked on the Cattaraugus a bit with some sand-paper but that is as far as I got. I shake my head and tear up when I look at the Puma. 




 They are  good knives and come sharp out of the box,just be aware that these are carbon steel and need a little exta care. 




 Top one is my Guy Fieri cheapo beater that I use at work,I like the design of this one. Bottom one is a Dojo brand gyuto wich is a very nice entry level Japanese style knife. 




 Two old classics ruined,such a shame. 














 It came with the knife,nice quality. 




 Very nice,440C and sharp 




 Sorry 




 What the fuck has carpet got to do with a nice knife? 




 I could be wrong but I think they were bought out by Bench Made 




 This is a well done hand made knife,blade is the russian version of 440C.
Came shaving sharp when I got it. However the link I sent you is not where I got this from and I notice that the sheath is a bit different than mine. No problems on mine at all. 




 Sadly, I don't know if these are still available new. I think Lone Wolf is part of Bench made now. 




 http://kizlyarus.com/index.php?main_page=product_info cPath=83_5 products_id=33  Thanks for the interest! 














 You can see this on Netflix by comparing the run times of old shows vs new ones. 




 Guy in a scuba suit passed out in a small creek. 




 A giraffe being born and no, the mother does not lie down, the poor little guy just falls out from 10' up. 




 I wish this would be redone for a modern console. 




 That's alot of BOOOM! 




 R.I.P. He was the only actor I have ever seen who could do slapstick as well as Dick VanDyke. Three's Company still cracks me up after all this time. 




 Introduced me to my ex wife. 




 SHHHH! they mght hear you! 




 How about gay wrestling or the gay toss at an Aussie bar? 




 Thank you for adressing my question. I was not looking for a "polished vs rough edge" debate when I made this post,just wondering if anyone has tried a different grit on each side of the edge to improve a cheap knife that will not cut or hold an edge as well as a nice knife.I have some very nice polished knives and they would fit my needs,but I will not use them at my "battle station" nor will I take the time to treat my beater as a high end blade.Once again,thank you for your input. 




 No comments on the way Masakage knives are sharpened yet,just some guy bragging. Anyone? 




 Why would you bother to comment if you did not read my question? 




 Yes it can,but a polished edge meant for chopping will not slice a ripe tomatoe as well as a rougher edge. I use my high end stuff early in the AM for prep, then when we open I throw my beater on the board and have at it. It is a cheap knife and I am looking for the best of both worids.I have made my living with knives for the past 30+ years.Am I doing something wrong? I don't think so 




 Beater means that this thing lays on my sandwich bar all day and gets shoved around and sometimes dropped. Must slice tomatoes,chop mushrooms onions   peppers,cut sandwiches ect...ect. 




 My beater knife must chop and slice equally well, plus take a major beating every day.I recently read a good article on the "toothey" vs polished debate and the author half  jokingly said  "A little toothey at the back ,and polish the rest".I thought Hmmmm?. Then I read that the guy who sharpens Masakage and other high end knives uses a different grit on each side of the blade. Has anyone tried this? any thoughts? Knife in question is a cheap German stainless blade,but a step up from the stuff from sysco ect. 




 What the fuck is a libertarian? Do you mean organized crime? 




 I agree with that 100%. It's not the working class that's breaking us, it's the greedy corps. 




 Here in the USA the gov handed out over a trillion dollars to folding banks, who split up the money and had a big party on me and other TAX payers. Then they whine about paying back the money they owe to the people. 




 Genetically inclined? Birds and certain mammals are genetically inclined to learn to use tools to feed themselves,I place them above you sir,unless your post was a joke, in which case I aplaude your sarcasm. 




 Well said. 




 If you earn a paycheck you are taxed for unemployment, how is this welfare? 




 Ha Ha!, You got the joke! 




 Glad to be of help,Google carbon steel knife care and the rest of your questions will be answered. 




 It was a joke 




 It was a joke dude! 




 $5? You are a heartless bastard. 




 There IS a soup kitchen for the rich,it's called Washington DC. 




 Old carbon steel butcher knife. 




 Stupidity of youth. 




 Home made,my wife got it from her great grandma many years ago. 




 Thanks for the interest everyone,I got it here.   http://www.chefknivestogo.com/masakagemizu.html   




 This is not a cheap knife,I got it here.   http://www.chefknivestogo.com/masakagemizu.html   




 Hand forged Masakage gyuto, these are in the same price range as Shun Classics. 




 I have an Edge Pro with Shapton stones. 









 Very nice! 




 Don't fuck with the cook. 




 As someone who has made a nice living on tips for the past 15 years: Tips are not mandatory,they are earned with good service and attitude. 




 For my friends at Oneys' 




 My first love! 




  I work in a small diner where cooks and servers both get minimum and split tips 50/50,best money I ever made. 




 HA HA,made me laugh! up-vote! 




 Your suffering will be legendary even in hell! 




 and turn into the next drive way. 
























