 Stalin!  




 Freshman roommate smelled like gym sock Asian food dry rotting in a theater trashcan. Constantly.  




 He's good, but he is no Frightened Inmate #2 




 This is a vagina without the normal disguise  




 You realize that by not giving them your business, they will cut more hours and begin to lay people off  
























 I feel like there is a good Tom Hanks joke floating around in there, as he was the conductor on polar express and had past lives in Cloud Atlas.  




 Milo and Otis #throwback  




 Psh my penis is like three inches...from the ground  




 I give you the best parents in the world  




 Wait, so where is the water coming from exactly. And the food. Are we teraforming?  





























 This is next level true  




 This is the epic meal time of duck tape.  




 Where are the boots? ;)  




 You need to post to r/cringe  
























 Haha, guess you dodged a bullet then. 




 Wow that's so cool! 




 I do too, a little, though nothing like it was during, though I haven't seen her much since then. I'm almost done with college now so about 4 years 




 Who they are now NOT who they were then. And how long have you nursed the crush? 





























 If miller's world has so much gravity that it distorts time so much, how can they all even stand? 




 Teamviewer. Free remote desktop connection, and they have a mobile app, so you can control your pc from your phone. I spent a lot of money on building a nice desktop, and just remote to it from a cheap netbook or my android phone whenever I need it. Teamviewer is probably the most important free software I've ever used! The app has come a long way, I find the interface extremely logical and easy to use, you can also transfer files and it's just the best. 









 Maybe you bumped into them on a plane. Or maybe you went to college with them before they made it big. Proof gets mad ups. 




 Wow that's really rough, my heart goes out to you mate 
























