 Thank you! :) nice to see some positive comments 




 Hey asshole, I only made an account because SO really likes reddit. I wish I could really just jump through the internet sometimes and punch people in the dick. 




 Geez, fuck off. Leave him alone. 

Spoiler alert: you're the cunt, and you never going to get any. 




 Hey, girlfriend here. Thanks to you guys who defended me. When I handed this to him, I flat out told him that it wasn't my design, so I didn't pass it off as mine. Second, I did what I did out of love. I had an extra canvas and I knew he liked that poster, so I wanted to paint it because what does just buying a poster really say about how you care for someone. I had one day to do it, between work, school, and driving an hour each way to see him, and it's hard for me to be creative under stress. Because of that I didn't really have time to do my own design but I wanted him to have something I painted. So for the record, I fucking love that kid, and all this is meant to be is a gift :) 
























 I've completed part of it, and next I'm going to add the moon from majora's mask, and maybe skull kid. :) 









 Wow dude, great job!! I frickin' love it!  




 Thanks! And I will most likely, these fuckers are just so butthurt. 
























 Example: the 2014 Honda Accord was sold in 2013 




 Call me Dahlonega because I'm always 30 minutes from Cumming. 




 http://i.imgur.com/QA1bHc8.jpg 





























 Edit: or emotional struggles
Edit 2: it also doesn't have to be serious struggles, anything you just weren't expecting or didn't understand before 




 This looks delicious! I don't love eggs but this looks really great.

Side note: My dad went to Mexico once and stayed at a resort, ordered room service for the following morning while intoxicated, ended up ordering 3 different plates of this, among other things. He ate a bite off each plate lol. 




 http://imgur.com/Zh5cg0r

Pretty sure I nailed it. A++ Art Skills. 




 LOL, this is fantastic. After that scene I could only picture that pitch as Don just picking up a gun and shooting himself in the face.  
























 Hm, that's really interesting. The upper body strength makes sense, but I wouldn't expect the jalapeo thing.   




 It's all good! It's related to my question and it is still very interesting! 




 That actually really fascinating. Especially from a psychological standpoint. As a woman I think (especially about emotional things), we do the same thing in assuming the other woman knows the feeling we are talking about. Thank you for sharing that!  




 I assumed it wouldn't be the exact same, but I've always been very curious about transgendered people and this shed a lot of light. You don't meet many here in the Deep South, if you remember the subs let me know! 
























