 I took it and it is virtually the same. 95% Sanders and 91% Hillary Clinton. Given that AND (not because) the fact that I like Hillary more I feel more than comfortable to keep supporting Hillary. No offense to Sanders but he just doesn't inspire me in the same way as Hillary has the last few years. 




 He's attractive but I'm not sure I'd watch baseball just for that. I've only recently realized that sports aren't actually horrible or terribly boring in the last year or so and started watching some of them but baseball is one that I just stopped even trying to get into. 
























 Tyler Posey is too hot not to be. And all the other eye candy is a nice bonus. The show could definitely do with more lacrosse, though. I've watched a few MLL matches and it is quite good. 




 I was just reading that actually. While I do like what he is saying it seems to be essentially the same rhetoric I've heard from most of the other candidates on the Democratic side, so this isn't inspiring--it is stuff they're all parroting in some form or another (and I agree with it). Definitely not enough to have me choose Sanders over any other candidate, like Hillary. As I stated above, apparently I match up virtually the same with both Sanders in Hillary on the issues so it is unlikely that their stances on the issues by themselves will be enough to sway me from one or the other. 
























 Why does editing a post mean a person gets down-voted? 




 Because his people weren't able to get them all taken down. Around the time when Teen Wolf was about to come out some website got threatening legal letters or something from lawyers or something trying to get the photos taken down.  
























 Alas, where was this assertive Obama when the Democratic Party controlled both chambers in the first years of his first term?  




 I'm new here so I'm not quite sure what the deal is; is there anyway to know when some of the subreddit forums will be open again or should I just check back again in a few hours/days? In the meantime I guess I can look for cool subreddit forums that are actually up. 
























 I'm getting more confused here. I didn't write what you're quoting. I was simply confused about why editing a post on Reddit means a person on gets down-voted. 




 I remember a lot of that being him trying to compromise and watering it down in order to get it passed by a bipartisan vote and then getting zero Republicans to vote for it anyway. 
























