 100% agree 




 Has there ever been a player close to, equal to, or better than Lebron at making players around him better? JR's resurgence and emergence as a weapon on this team, I believe, is completely the Lebron effect. Like, him and Bron can go off together and just dominate a game as a duo. He does the same thing with Kyrie and did the same thing with Wade or Bosh. Even back to Mo Williams when he was an all star, that was all the Lebron duo effect. Takes a 33 win team to number one in vegas odds to win the chip the day he signs... single-handedly changes franchises. Just curious to see what you guys think! 




 well shit, id be itchin to come to cleveland now too that theyre relevant again 




 "basketball gods, am i gonna win this game?"
*bang*
"cool, cool" 




 http://imgur.com/lkRkgWl 




 Shaq 




 I just wanna see one with a Mortal Kombat finish at the end.  




 But most important, are you 12... or 13? 




 Very, *veeeeerry* important crack 




 And that sir, is why you are wrong.  




 Yeah, talking to him. That doesnt mean anything. He could have been recruiting for when he is a free agent. He does that with plenty of players 




 You're right... but, what if? maybe 7..... 




 This isnt a movie and i dont care. 
McConaughey in True Detective. Not a single soul could have done that the way he did it. perfectly done 




 yeah, science bitch 




 dude, dont bring that up. i have to live the rest of my life as a steelers fan saying "what if Tebow didnt torch us for an 80 yard TD bomb to win the game in OT?" 




 yeah that series was an anomaly. i was at game 4 and you could tell he wasnt in the right place. he honestly looked like he was playing a game he had never played before. but other than that series, all he has been in clutch. never understood this 




 KD was gettin up there for me this year just bc of his twitter crap and his "you can play me for it" shit about his all star bid. like, you didnt earn that, at least be grateful. but, i cant blame a guy whos had frustrating injuries like that after an MVP season. 

Westbrook will have to do 




 dude, come on. none of this is remotely accurate 




 OH MY GOD I KNOW. LIKE, THIS IS PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL. ACT LIKE AN ADULT GOOD GOD 




 Who said he does...? 




 So Kyrie and Dion and old Varejao were his golden ticket? Come on man...  




 MJ had/has the same cult following. But, I agree about him getting away with offensive fouls sometimes. However, the dude gets hit in the face on drives all the time and never gets a call bc he isnt effected by it bc he's so big. I think him getting away with pushoffs and hooks is refs making up for missing him get hip checked in the air 




 Yeah, because that totally isn't classless at all and the exact same thing they did to Dirk..... 




 For real. Just get it all out, no need to hold back. We're all friends here 




 Screw Boozer. He's one of the most annoying players ever 




 Sounds on purpose 




 my heart likes it a whole lot 




 Im a white dude who lives in a city and i just pre ordered it. Is that good or bad? 




 How many are there for real? The commercials make it seem like there's a lot.  




 Reese wasnt in gone girl bruh 




 Welp. He's resting this game so I guess the back situation is more real than I thought 




 Hopefully he rests. Good time for him to grab some extra rest. Also, would love for Love to have just a giant game to get him back in the swing of things. We will need him come May 




 Even if Lebron isnt the MVP, he will get the MVP. after everything, it's the fairytale ending the league and the team and he wants 




 I like this one. Scariest teams are gonna be 5-8 




 youre telling me a Paul George, who hasnt played all season, is going to come back in the lineup and not kill their chemistry AND play like a star against the best player in the world? Cavs in 4, moving on.  




 Rockets dont get past first round. Warriors dont make it past the second round. Blazers and Spurs the dark horses to make it to the Finals. Cavs win finals in 5 games against whoever they play.  




 I don't even think it's that. it's how dangerous it is to have something that distracting on the road, right? i mean, it is a powerful message and all but dang, poorly placed.  




 10/10 would dump 




 Lilly even says smokes sandwiches. Like, come on 




 We would also destroy them one on one right now 




 Yes, all of this, but also what the hell was goin on with Mozgovs hands tonight? mighta been just me but it looked like he couldnt catch anything 




 He WILL be an MVP in the future. No question about it with that ball handling and finishing ability. Not to mention that 3 point stroke!! Damn 




 I think 3-9 against teams over .500 is the only argument you need 




 When in reality, he brought in over 150 mil to the Heat in 12-13 alone.  









 Dumbledore Mt. Everest  




 Vince, T-Mac, Marc 




 It would make for some playoff series with more fire and intensity. Nobody is gonna like gettin called out by the one seed. i like it 




 It's the "idea" of an escape tho that draws people to it 




 That's why. Earth sucks sometimes, so lets see how it is out there. It's an escape 




 Yeah OKC is like a +36 with him off the floor and -24 with him on past few games. Not MVP-like to me 




 hahaha bruh. hop outta here with that Teague stuff.  




 never works for me. stimulates my mind 




 Worst win percentage in the league without him in uniform. I think that speaks volumes 




 He's carrying them offensively, but they're better defensively with him off the floor. I also just dont see the league giving an MVP award to a (maybe) 8 seed.  




 http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2389832-the-case-for-lebron-james-to-win-nba-mvp-yet-again 




 Well that's disappointing. Let me fix it real quick 









 http://i.imgur.com/Kvff9bo.jpg 




 Cool story bro 




 haha youre old congrats. adult life! 




 When you heard that, you knew it was about to get real 




 Immediately in the MVP discussion if you do 




 We Takin Over was the jam 




 Always Drake. squad knows i got drake bars on lock 




 Fear, The Calm, Paris Morton Music 




 BRUH me too. this was that 8th grade basketball pre game hype track 




 yeah, i think he's the guy who can slay anybody on a song but just isnt as popular to the average fan.  




 exactly. drake changed the genre to an extent so saying he cant make a classic is near sighted. if his career ended today he would still be known as a complete game-changer with tons of bangers that everyone knows 




 Interstellar. Made me think deeply about things I had never thought about, question things i always thought were solid fact, and shed tears at how emotional it was. Something about him being the same age as his daughter and missing her entire life while only being gone, in his time, for a very short period. Awesome movie 




 Literally none of these work.  




 Incorrect, Blake Lovely goes first in all things always.  




 "He's a future hall of famer. there's no question."-Mark Jackson about literally anyone on the floor at any given time 




 I love that bang 




 past few games it feels like thats been our entire offense. pisses me off. run a play 




 yeah im just confused about the whole nonchalant nudity thing happenin here 




 Lebron deserves it over everyone. He's the best player on the planet. But, I'm 85% sure he won't get it regardless of how out of his mind he plays until the middle of june because people just want someone else to get it. Like DRose a few years ago. Yeah right 




 Neil Patrick Harris as The Riddler
Johnny Depp as a character like John Cusack played in Frozen Ground
Will Smith as a Bond villain somehow
Bryan Cranston as literally any character in anything because he's the best. But I wish he could have been Lex Luthor in this Batman v. Superman comin out. 
I would watch Matthew Mcconaughey be his True Detective character forever so if he played a guy like that but motivated by evil, I'd be down.  




 haha lebron is the most clutch player in the league. just look at the clutch-time stats. bleacher report did a story about the clutchest players in the league and it's not even close 




 Interstellar missing out is a disgrace.  




 http://i.imgur.com/iayLLZU.jpg 




 Doesn't matter. had sex 




 but seriously, who's mckenna? haha is she hot oorrrr.... 




 did he do that once the whole season? pisses me off. the signature things that made him who he is and made the show were things like that and his asides. felt like he barely had any. BUT, still loved it 




 Woah. This just put the whole season into perspective. Bravo 




 coulda sworn she was gonna kill herself. like 4 different times I thought "this is it. here it is" but no. slightly disappointed but also intrigued to see where they go next. that one lady claire talked to with the baby said that she (claire) should be president and Claire had a distinct "I'm intrigued" look on her face.  




 hahahahhahahahahahahahahah 




 obviously not if you're gettin it in. OOHHH BUURRRRNNNNN. 
 




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 




 Hey everyone! We have an over compensator over here! WooHoo!! Probably wears Ed Hardy fake rhinestone shirts and drives a truck with a 79 inch lift because of his incessant need to feel like a real man in spite of his tiny penis!     




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 




 Shrek is love. 










Shrek is life.  




 and forces some of the dumbest shots imaginable over 4 defenders in closing seconds trying to be a hero.  




 wouldve upvoted, but youre at 69. proceed 




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 



















 If Barney transformed into the guy he is now after he found out his girlfriend from the coffee shop was cheating on him, how did him and his brother turn into the wingman duo they were in season 2? Barney said they were raised in the same home and had the same values and James getting married was him turning his back on them and him... So how does that work? 




 Do you guys remember that McDonalds (i think) promo thing they did with the kids meal toys where you got those little dinosaur lookin guys with a code, and you go online and type the code in and that animal you got becomes a part of your collection. and you have to feed them and take care of them and all that good stuff? Can someone remember the name? I cant for the life of me 


































 Under Pressure goes hard. Logic is gonna be big 




 Miles Teller is a great actor. I'm lookin forward to this movie 




 Yeah but he can make those regardless. Best player on the planet has to make difficult jumpers in the playoffs 




 What's wrong with Lebron's jumper? Dude just can't find it. Hope that shapes up as we head through the playoffs 




 it's a bad angle.  




 It makes me so sad. Like, you're huge. Get on the block, the actual block not this 18 feet away from the rim post ups, and jump hook the shit out of em.  




 Kyrie is the most unguardable player in the league off of pick and rolls. You go under, he splashes a 3. You go over, he's goin to the rack where he's the best finisher in the league. You hedge hard, he's splitting you for a 4 on 3 advantage where he is probably gonna get a bucket. Crazy 




 SO FINE UUUGGHHHHHH 




 its been bad 




 Except for his inability to jump through people and dunk the ball. He's got some weight lifting to do this off season 




 Our defense is just plain awful right now. I'm sad.  




 my point is no one is that consistent. regardless of the level of competition, no one has been that consistent for that long  




 To say it isn't impressive to never have a bad first round series in an entire career is insane.  




 All the "bc hes in the east, come to the west and see if that stays" crap is stupid. 5 years from now, the East is gonna have the 60+ win teams and 8 seeds that have 50+ wins and the west will have sub .500 teams in the playoffs. It flips back and forth, always has always will 




 Not impressive to never get bounced in the first round? You serious? 




 I think Kyrie Irving is going to be the most outstanding player in the league until the Finals start. There's just something about the way he plays that makes him seem like a guy who can really succeed in the all-eyes-on-you playoff stage and with that kind of intensity. Big game player.  




 fuck you, pay me 




 -Interstellar
-Ocean's 11
-The Dark Knight
-Hot Rod
-21 Jump Street
-22 Jump Street
-Pineapple Express
-Toy Story
-The Incredibles
-Monsters Inc.  




 I was just a youngblood when Phantom Menace came out so Pod racing was the shit, Darth Maul was the shit, Obi Wan was the coolest dude ever just catching that lightsaber mid-flip to slice him, Natalie Portman was (is still) the crush of all crushes, Mace Windu's purple sword was always the coolest, all the jedi comin out for a huge battle was the shit, yoda showin some skills was the shit, space battles were the shit, Annakin decapitating Dooku was the coolest ever, annakin slaughtering kids and turnin dark was terrifying and awesome bc the story was really connecting, epic Obi-Wan/Annakin fight was the shit. But again, I was just a youngblood  




 How much for the one with two different eye colors? serious question 




 This Bucks team is underrated. Just a team of hungry young guys. Total plausible upset 




 Oh I gotcha. I must have misread somewhere 




 Same here, but I still dont have that much hate for em.  




 Steal the Declaration of Independence.  




 Mike-Mill-Made-It 




 I know! ive never seen anything like that before and it just felt like it perfectly fit the song. well done 









 I think that was dope simply bc they had so much fun doin it. need a collab album 




 Groot Dammit 




 I want em to play Toronto just so we can see Drake hug it out with Lebron after his team gets beat 




 http://imgur.com/lkRkgWl 




 scratch my hatch 




 As is the case with CB, when you get twice the shots, you'll score points. That's not a very difficult concept to grasp 




 Don't tell me 14 pts a game from Wade on a bum knee is contributing. And I never questioned Bosh's pick and roll defense. I agree, he is excellent at that. Guarding big men, however, is another story. He got cooked by Roy Hibbert(!!!) 2 years in a row before *Udonis *Haslem was put on him and shut him down. And he couldn't guard Duncan, or Splitter for that matter, two years in a row. 

All of those things aside, when I say Lebron carried them, I'm not wrong. He led the team is scoring, rebounds, assists, and steals for nearly 4 full years. He was the best defender in the league, regardless of who got the award, for 2-3 of those years. so he had to guard the likes of DRose, KD, Tony Parker, Paul Pierce, Paul George, etc. all while leading the offense in every statistical category there is. Yes, DWade contributed at times and yes, CB helped spread the floor and in p r situations defensively, but outside of that, it was '09/'10 Cavaliers all over again. 

But, I greatly appreciate you actually contributing information and making a logical argument. Most people just throw aimless comments out there and hope they stick.  




 i disagree. i also think it's ridiculous to still be upset with him about that. that's the only questionable thing he has done since he was 17 years old. he is a stand-up guy who has always gone above and beyond for his community. and even when he was in Miami, you knew he always wanted to be back home. to not forgive him for essentially going off to college before realizing he was meant to stay home is just immature.   




 I would love to hear your reasoning instead of just a blind statement.  




 Uhh... he did. Just because he was getting, what, 22 and 10 before he had the lung issues doesn't mean he isn't past his prime. He was getting twice as many shots and was the unquestionable focus of the offense every time down the floor this season. You're bound to have better numbers when you get twice the shots. But prime Bosh? That was in 2011 when he would routinely get 30 and 15. When Lebron and Wade were out, he would drop 40+ and single-handedly win games. You won't see that from him again 




 He did. He doesn't score those easy points unless Lebron is on that team.  




 Prime Wade and Bosh left after 2011. Wade was hurt from '12 to now and Bosh became a jump shooter who couldnt defend 5's, which is what he had to play bc that team had no size. Lebron carried those teams and it's not even an argument.  




 wait so lebron isnt even in your top 5? _ 




 I just want a realistic spider-man. Like, why is he so witty and funny? Didn't Robin Williams say the funniest people are the ones hurting the most or something like that? Make Uncle Ben's death dark. The whole thing dark. Like The Dark Knight dark. I want him to resort to humor because he's depressed and fight crime to try to *AVENGE his uncle's death. I dont want the same old high school stuff we've seen. Reinvent it. Make it new. I want him to do bad things to criminals because he's so angry. I want dark humor at first until he realizes what he actually needs to do to with his ability. I want Captain America to be integrated somehow and sort of take him under his wing and show him how to be responsible with his abilities. I want Captain to tell him "With great power comes great responsibility," echoing what Uncle Ben told him previously, only this time it actually clicks. Finally, I want him to become an *Avenger. But only because he has earned it and struggled through the pain to become one.  




 hahaha oh my god 




 I read every comment in Archer's voice. It was awesome.  




 What if it turns into an Eminem/Rihanna Love the Way You Lie/Monster type of duo... Could be huge 




 - Jerry Maguire
- Oceans's Eleven
- The Dark Knight
- Interstellar
- A Few Good Men

In no particular order 




 That's not what I mean. Just the whole homecoming, fairy-tale kind of season it would be if they make it all the way and win. He'd be a hero and even if he didn't have the best series individually, he would get the award.  









 No matter who has the best series, Lebron will get the MVP. It's one of those storybook ending kinda things 




 I would! Currently on my phone though so the flash doesnt work. Definitely using that in the future though! 




 Not watching the game bc league pass is too damn expensive, but is lebron just not shooting well or is he missing easy shots or what? seeing him shoot 5 of 14 always makes me angry 




 I just feel like we all need some evidence as to how incredible dat ass is before we judge this man for his innocent compliment.... lol 




 and people be gettin mad at me sneezin 5 times in a row in class.  




 So, he DID take the suicide squad reading photo then.... clever 




 I was frozen solid in my seat watching that. Didn't move an inch. So incredibly mesmerized by all that scene took and how expertly executed it was.  




 A Time to Kill. come on, now 




 haha he was so awesome to me as that character. so believable. just crazy enough 




 yes. i understand what it is technically. all im saying is, in terms of quality, this is only a mixtape. hence the excitement for, what he calls, his album.  




 What im saying is, he didnt put the work/effort into this "mixtape" as he calls it as he will for his actual album. and i got screwed then bc mine said 14.99.  




 It was actually more than that, so your argument is invalid. And he literally said it was a mixtape. Only on sale to get out of his CM deal. Come on, keep up son 




 "Do you like my mixtape?" - Drake 




 Drizzy season and this aint even the album 




 All of Christopher Nolans films are on this list. Also, Disney is cleaning up 




 haha goatbrook. his triple doubles dont equal wins, boss 




 How many almost-triple-doubles has he had in his career? ive always been curious. so many games where hes one assist or one rebound or even one of both away from one. frustrating 




 if Akon was on the chorus, that chorus was my ringtone. We Takin Over, Im So Paid, Dont Matter, Soul Survivor.  




 still jam to that. titty boi til i die 




 but, can you throw it over your shoulder? 




 hahah ring back tones. those were the shit 




 I can see him resting em for the last game. Other than that, I think he'll play em. This year is just different with the playoff road ahead. Won't be as grueling in the East but also the pressure to win I think will effect Blatt's resting method. He'll want to maintain the rhythm and flow of the rotation going into that first round, imo 




 He's in my top 5 most hated players in the league. Dude has hated Lebron forever because he always gets stomped by him.  




 My favorite is "You sir, have a small penis" and then a detailed cartoon drawing of a man with a monocle looking down from above the urinal.  




 hahaha get tf outta here 




 i think they probably have a pretty good relationship. as much these kinds of stories suck, lebron knows better than anybody that stories like this are gonna happen regardless. i mean, he's known the dude since high school 




 the whole "spaghettified" thing is being debunked right now. Physicists arent sure if that is what would actually happen or not.  




 Id still give it to Aldridge just because he'll never get it again bc Davis is gonna run the league from here on out 




 "damn girl you fine... but that dress is bad"
"then take it off already"
O_o      this would be the dream haha 




 dudes were tryna hot box the ozone 




 that's terrifying af. im sad 




 I found it kind of funny that the plan to repopulate the earth was ironically called "Plan B" lol 




 well i can think about how 2+2=4 in the shower but that doesnt make it a showerthoughts worthy shower thought 




 Gulping
Chewing with their mouth open
Not using their blinker
 




 Aye B, I got your CD you get an E for eFfort 




 This isn't a shower thought though... Just a normal comment about something 




 No one has said Oranges yet and that's embarrassing. Oranges till I die  




 Kids is evolvin bruh 




 The child in the 4th pic is the only one actually prepared for the meeting. 
"Fellas, quit the chit chat. We have some things to accomplish here." 




 Oh okay. Thanks!  




 What is Dark Matter/Energy? I just watched an old Ted Talks from 2008 about it but I was just curious how much more we know now? 




 Yaayyyy:D 




 Boston wont make it. Toughest schedule in the league from here on out 




 can we like... be friends? 




 thats cool as shit. "inception: the musical" 




 hahaha. not laughing at your comment. flacciddick got me  




 Feel bad for Earl cuz the album is alright, but comin right after TPAB puts it in the shade 




 These are too elaborate. "I have boobs" works fine 




 Thanks. I guess CGI isn't the preferred route at this point for a movie like that? Whatever, as long as it has the quality and grand feeling that Interstellar had, i dont care how it's done 




 2001 Space Odyssey. I want Interstellar level CGI. That'd be sick 




 But..... da fuq? 




 Having fun is an underrated component to playing good ball. He's finally having fun and thriving 




 come on man. i hope that puts you on a predator list 




 shes feeling plenty of sounds as it is 




 Agreed! 
























 it costs like 20 bucks 




 it's actually extremely healthy and extremely helpful for recovery/reenergizing your body 




 It's actually incredibly useful for recovery and energy. Have a place like that in my town, used it before and after every game last year. It's insane how much spring you get in your step 




 Ive said it before, I'll say it again: Mike Miller is going to be huge these first two games. He'll spread the floor offensively and he can guard Mirotic or Dunleavy. I know his shot has been off when he's played this season, but he is a playoff performer. Look out for MikeMillMadeIt come Monday 




 Am a white kid from Texas who didn't have the daddy money to buy a car with. Can confirm. Nobody actually cared about anything if it didnt have to do with them. The reason I listen to the kind of rap that actually says something about life is bc i have no clue what that life is like. I actually wrote a paper about it this semester, and I just basically like seeing life from different perspectives and trying to understand from a distance what people are going through bc i have no idea what that life is like. 
Anyway, I'd like to apologize for the jackasses who didnt give a shit. All us white kids aren't like that, I promise.  




 Bless you 




 Thank you! :D 




 must be 




 I thought it was clever. I'm sorry, reddit :'( 




 http://imgur.com/33e5gfR 




 This brought a tear to my eye. Thanks, Kev.  




 *hole 




 I dont want this theory to hinge on Bruce pulling something Batman-ish out of his ass. I think Nolan showed Selina Kyle in that scene just to mess with the audience and make us question everything we just saw, exactly like the end of Inception. I just find it extremely hard to believe that Bruce either got the bomb out far enough from the city and somehow escaped the blast radius himself in that small amount of time, or used the auto pilot to take the bomb out which would mean that everything we see of him in the aircraft is fake. Just doesnt make sense. Makes a lot more sense for him to sacrifice himself to protect the city he has dedicated his life to protect and for Nolan to throw Bruce and Selina in that last scene just to fuck with us. For me, that was Alfred seeing what he always wished he would see every time he went there. Completely in his head.  




 No, the ship was not put in autopilot. It simply said the auto pilot had been fixed.  




 That Bruce Wayne is alive and Alfred actually saw him at the restaurant in Paris. Bruce Wayne died. He sacrificed himself for the city, as it was always intended. What Alfred saw is what he always hoped to see when he went there. That's what that scene meant. He was, once again, seeing what he wanted. But Bruce died. Period.  




 I just hope he has to deal with that disgustingly thin "goatee" for the rest of his life. talk about shame 




 Always imagine this track playing behind a video of like slow-mo phantom cam nba highlights. The beat just reminds of somethin like that. cant explain why 




 No. Just saying that he has the ability to defend guys like mirotic, as i said, and spread the floor offensively for Kyrie and Lebron. It's really not that hard of a concept to grasp 




 Ocean's 11, 12, and 13. But mostly 11 




 Guarantee Miles Teller will win one. He's going to develop into a phenomenal actor 




 YES. AGREED. THANK YOU 




 Iman Shumpert is expected to play well. Mike Miller isn't. Therefore, him playing well is the unexpected X factor.  




 I promise I'm not! Just watch. He'll come up big in this next series 




 Mike Miller is the X factor in our playoff run from here on out. I saw it in Miami, I see it now. If he can hit 3's like he has in playoffs of old and if he can defend like he has in the past, he's a game changer. He is a guy who has been through it all before with Lebron and knows where he needs to be at critical points in a game. He's 6 foot 8 so he can guard some 4's who tend to stay outside (mirotic, for example) and he can rebound the ball too. If Blatt actually plays him, he can genuinely affect games.  




 Why can I only see the To Pimp A Butterfly album cover when I look at pictures of these protests? 




 More optimistic about our chances in the East? Absolutely! At winning a title? Not so much. If Kevin indeed tore his labrum and has tendon damage, he might not be back at all. Especially since he would be banging that shoulder in the post all game. and ESPECIALLY since he can be a free agent. I just don't know if we can beat, say the warriors, without him. If he can play (and chooses to) i 100% think we can win it all. but he has to play 




 We can beat either team without Kevin. Neither team is playing well and both have weak points. Guys, I'm excited 




 Heat beat the post-heavy Pacers without Bosh. Cavs can win without Love. Gonna be tough and it'll take everything Lebron and Kyrie have, but it can be done 




 Didn't he sign like a 6 movie deal? Cap 3 would be number 5... 




 Mike Mill is gettin pt this series. Lebron knows who he is in the playoffs (game 5 in '12, 7 3's, shoeless 3 against the spurs) and he's is gonna make sure he plays. The only issue i see is our starting lineup. we have to match pau and noah so tt and moz have to start. cant spread the floor with that. so we have to wait for the bulls to put a smaller guy in before we can have a lineup that suits our strengths. in other words, we cant make the first move. we'll be adjusting to what they do instead of the other way around. still think we got em tho 




 Hopefully Leron doesn't throw up clankers for 3 quarters before he realizes he can just drive past anybody and score. But if anyone can get it done, it's Lebron and Kyrie 




 Yeah Kevins mad. He's playing as soon as possible. and losing JR isn't going to be huge for however many games it ends up being. I think we'll see a lot of Mike Miller next series and a lot more post up Lebron. I'm not worried about this series honestly because we have all the pieces to win. If guys like James Jones, Mike Miller, Kyrie, And Shump all hit shots, we'll be fine. Plus, I don't trust DRose to do anything 




 Hahahah yo that's hilarious. That's how it was for that Heat team against the Hawks too. But yeah, things are different now. Winning this next series with injuries and suspensions will just cement his legacy tho 




 basketball reference.com. literally showed it on screen during the game. in the NBA, when a dislocated shoulder is listed as the cause of injury to a player, the average number of games missed is 27 games. However, I am not saying Kevin will be out for 27 games. I am saying that, on average, that's how many games are missed by players during the regular season. and yes, if there's no ligament or tendon damage then of course it wont be that long.  




 Average games missed by NBA players with same injury: 27 games.  




 This is the dumbest comment in this whole thread.  




 this is fucking atrocious 




 agreed 




 bend him over a table 




 james jones is fucking terrible today. get him out of the damn game 




 you clearly didnt watch him the past 5 years. Especially last year in memphis. dude locked people down for long stretches of games. and again, you clearly dont know mike miller. he could shoot 0 for 500 in the regular season and come into a playoff game and go 7 for 7. he is a big game, big shot maker 




 MIKE MILLER AND SHAWN MARION NEED TO BE PLAYING IN THIS GAME. MIKE IS A 3 AND D GUY AND MATRIX IS A SLASHER/POST UP GUY EHO DEFENDS AND REBOUNDS. I DONT UNDERSTAND 




 This game is hard to watch at best. So much settling and stupid shots and isolations and bad defense and fouls and im sad now 









 Surgeon was like http://imgur.com/gZu0LPL 




 This man is wearing jeans. Walter Hartwell White wore khaki pants. I am not convinced 




 hahaha this is gold.  




 Still no. Just because they are boobs, doesn't mean the person with them is attractive.  




 THANK YOU. She is supposed to be the most unattainable woman on the planet for the nerdy kid. That's what makes it so awesome when he wins her over. COME ON PEOPLE.  




 Woah there bud. Lets take a chill pill. With a little research, you too can find the pictures of him on set actively filming a scene in his costume and make up without a big ass tattoo on his forehead! Woohoo! The internet is awesome! In the words of Walter White, "Fuck you, and your eyebrows!" ass.  




 Yes! I feel the same way! I loved the original ones at the time but upon comparison I thought Garfield was just more spiderman like 




 Let me clarify, the acting wasn't bad. But Spiderman wasn't convincing. Like somebody said farther down the comments, Tobey was a better Peter Parker but the Garfield guy was a better spiderman. I just didnt like the spiderman depicted 




 Exactly 




 Yes, she wasn't hot. Just cause she's soaked and her tits are showing doesn't make her hot. MJ is supposed to be an unattainable level of hotness. She, clearly, is not.  




 Jerry Maguire:
Miles Teller as Jerry
Emma Stone as Dorothy
Anthony Mackie as Rod
Margot Robbie as Avery
Channing Tatum as Cushman
Tom Hiddleston as Bob Sugar
 




 Holy shit. Why is this not a movie yet 




 He doesnt have the tats in the movie. that was just for the promo pic 




 "How many.. of your friends... have I killed?"
"Would you like to know.. which of them were cowards?" 




 Fight Club. Like, it was okay. I guess when it was released it was probably a big twist-at-the-end thing people hadnt really seen before (speculation cause i have no clue. im 19) but I just didn't get the hype.  




 I thought Garfields version was much more Spiderman-like than Tobey's.  




 Acting was bad. MJ wasn't hot. Only thing good about it was the villain. 

Let the roasting commence.  




 Yeah thats cool, but how is that end result achieved? 




 HAHAHAHAH AMERICAN PSYCHO!!! PATRICK BATEMAN IN THE FLESH!! HE HACKS HIS FACE IN WITH AN AXE TO "IN THE AIR TONIGHT" SHORTLY AFTER 




 A Few Good Men and Jerry Maguire are his two favorite. Pretty much slips a line from each one into conversation every day. I also love those movies, probably because of him 




 Azizi Gibson, anybody have any good stuff? I know Claustrophobia and Backward Books, but that's it. Really feelin the beats to those two 




 I encourage all daughters to kiss they mothers, with those lips that all that lipstick covers, you're never too grown up to miss and hug her 




 Yo, this is Drakes song. Not a verse from Ross's song. He put his out way earlier and Ross asked for it 




 Exactly what I was thinking. Dude always looks so pissed off at those people.  




 Well, correct me if I'm misinformed, but I believe a clock operator is the guy who operates the damn clock so fuck you and your sarcasm, dumb idiot. 

Archer voice, obviously 




 Selfie. bae. thats all 









 rekt 




 But how? 




 Confirmed.  




  (   )  




 (   )
     




 There is no better sound in sports than a perfect swish 




 but but but... where are the scars???  I WANNA KNOW HOW HE GOT THE SCARS 




 thanks fam 




 Hey can somebody post the post game interviews for those of us in a college dorm with no NBA TV...... 




 He said "I packed it" one time too haha 




 HAHAHAH HYPE TRAIN 




 Read that in Dave Francos voice from neighbors when he's doin that impression with jigsy cat 




 Holy fuck. That was incredible. That's gonna be an Oscar worthy Johnny Depp performance 




 LoL 




 Anybody know when some new Drake is coming out? Seems like pretty soon would be a good time since he is trying to recover from the bad reviews he got about his Coachella sets.  




 Kate Beckinsale, here here 









 That would be the sickest thing ever. Loved Treasure Planet when i was a youngin 




 http://i.imgur.com/qh56qoH.jpg 




 get outta here. he didnt give him a chance to land. look at the feet 




 Sallgood, man 




 Lebrons gotta step up next half. Been playin like hes been to 4 straight finals and is tired or something..... 




 I think that half showed how important JR making shots is for our offense. If he isn't hitting, our spacing is bad and we go iso and settle for stupid shots way too much.   




 Lead at the half.  upvotes for everybody 




 well fuck me. im too filled with rage to realize we said the same thing. apologies fam 




 he looks lost 




 No, he's either settling or too passive. He's driving to pass, not to score. which is infuriating.  




 oh god. she's younger than me. oh god oh god oh god. does this mean i have a chance?!??? 




 Some of that Inception, city turning over on itself stuff was dope too 




 I feel like this is an understood thing about the movie.  




 This song will forever be in any top 5 drake list. gold 
























 couldnt care less that he banked it. im just pissed they didnt call the fuckin travel on Butler two possessions earlier. nigga took 4 steps 




 no it wasnt. falling away off target. lucky he got glass 




 make up no call for the no travel call 




 NICE TRAVEL GOOD GOD 




 lebron to TT lob? 




 he just cant hold the ball for all 24 seconds of a possession. spot him up in the corner. run some other action 




 Yo, those two Lebron buckets were so insanely clutch. Props, King.  




 Doesn't matter of he's hurt. If he's out there, he has to have an impact.  




 Why isnt shump in the game. I want him in for Kyrie now 




 ball dont lie.  




 I want Delly playing the 1, Kyrie and Shump spreadin the floor, and Lebron and Tristan beastin in the paint.  




 haha 35 game seconds. it's something, i guess 




 Ball dont lie 




 A Kevin Love commercial... :'( why? why do this to us? 




 God I love everyone on this team right now.  




 No rest 




 i want delly 




 Lebron just executed a one-man trap. Wow.  




 Lebron, you gotta make a layup bruh. No excuses.  




 Tristans effort just brings a tear to my eye. He needs a gift basket or something 




 Wake up tomorrow like how the fuck did i get here? last i remember, Bitch ass Noah was talkin some noise and i got pissed off and rose up and.... 




 Let's be real, if Mozgov catches the ball a couple more times, we're up by more and have less TO's. So, he gotta step up.  




 Catch it high, keep it high, have bouncy feet, lay it up. dont have to power jam every time. get the points.  




 a virgin who's had sex for the first time.... so he's taking every shot because he's the fuckin man in his head? nah 




 yo i know Kyrie is hurting, but he needs to tape it up at the half and get goin. we need him 




 DELLY 




 he cant go to the rim. refs arent calling shit. cant hit a jumper. fucj 




 DAMMIT. GET A HANDLE AND DUNK ON PAUS UGLY ASS FACE 




 yo when he hits a 3, he typically starts to find a groove with his jumper. not always, but most times. hopefully he can find it tonight 




 not this again lebron 




 mozgovs in the way 




 good god mazgov cant catch 




 Hence, the joke 




 So Lebron can advance and so CP3 can't. Rose plays worse with one day of rest and CP3 would benefit too much from extra time off. It's all a conspiracy, man 




 http://imgur.com/33e5gfR 




 When that first track started, I coulda sworn Make It Rain was about to start blarin 




 hahahah cardale joinin the FUCK NOAH HYPE TRAIN YEEAAAAHHHHH 




 TRISTAN "I WANT THE MAX TOO BOSS" THOMPSON 




 Their best shot with our worst=7 point loss
Us just playing aggressive and them not shooting well= complete blowout from start to finish 




 wish mike woulda faked the swing pass and splashed that one tho 




 One of the best teammates in the league according to the guys he has played with. Always love having guys like that 




 Remember that "one day of rest for Rose" stat? Yeah, I'm really excited about that one.  




 You right!  




 agreed. missing more than you make isn't efficient, but it's definitely not bad 




 always 




 13 for 28? damn. not very efficient but ill take it 




 play according to what the coach assumes theyre gonna do. watch their plays, how they react. it is what it sounds like. you feel out the game and decide what you need to do 




 He didnt establish back in bounds. bad no call 




 He didn't take a game off. It was a "feel-out" game. If you've ever watched him in the playoffs, you know he always feels out what theyre going to do before deciding how he needs to play.  




 nah bro 




 CAN MOZGOV CATCH TO SAVE HIS DAMN LIFE GOOD GOD 




 UUUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!! AAAAANNNNDDDDD OOONNNEEEEEEE 




 I would like to take this opportunity to publicly admit how incredibly wrong i was about Mike Miller. Forgot that, ya know, he's old and slow. Apologies fam. I am dumb.  




 For real. Have JR come off with that second group instead of Delly.  




 X-Ray finishing moves, Mortal Kombat style. Just waiting for the Fatality 




 Beast mode: Activated
http://imgur.com/sbPdr0w 




 HINRICH LITTLE BITCH ASS ISNT WORTHY OF A HARD FOUL ON YOU KING. RAGE, RAGE AGAINST FOULS OF THE BULLS 




 Attack Mode: Activated
 




 This is the basis of Better Call Saul's opening episode.  




 haha i'm 19. and i dont give a shit. that movie was the bomb 




 Bruh, when he tossed Zoey in front of that train hahahaha I was like OH SHIT HE'S MURDEROUS PSYCOPATH HAHAHA 




 The obvious choice 




 Still my favorite movie all time.  




 Yeah, that's how I felt about 3 before I saw it. I'm not gonna go into it with any preconceived notions. It'll probably be the shit.  




 giggity 




 The hell is a mother lawyer? the mother of all lawyers? you need a better edumacation 




 watch the tape boss 




 lol. didnt know he was gonna be guarding pau fuckin gasol. that's coaching, not him. he has to be in with that TT, Mozgod, Lebron, Kyrie group to spread the floor 




 Nope, Shump on Butler. He is a better wing defender right now 




 Contesting shots isn't about your vertical. And you don't contest a shooter like him. You run him off the 3. Hence, the tiredness I spoke about. Not that hard to comprehend 




 You gotta watch off ball more. They literally have him running off baseline screens and down screens for the entire first quarter.  




 I would watch the shit outta that movie 




 of course he can handle him. but he's gonna be worn out from handling him, which is going to reduce his drives. resulting in more chunk up, late clock, flat jump shots.  




 hahahah take it. you don't question Iron man's past 




 You put TT in the starting slot and you have Lebron chasing Dunleavy off of screens for the first 8 minutes of the game, which is when he needs to set the tone offensively by getting to the rim with fresh legs. So unless he and Shump are gonna switch, I don't know if TT starting is the answer 




 We had one good quarter and three shitty ones and only lost by 7 after taking their best shot. We're fine.  




 ^^^ THIS 




 Lebron is notorious for playing game 1 as a feel out game. Meaning, he takes their best shot, analyzes it, and makes adjustments to counter it. DONT FREAK OUT EVERYBODY. WE CAN DO THIS. Past few times he's played the Bulls in a series he lost game one and handed em a gentleman's sweep by beating them in 5. So dont worry, we can do this. We're fine.  




 JUST A REMINDER
http://imgur.com/BLNqeFL
 




 6 TO's. Missed 13 shots. That's a bad game for Lebron standards. He has to step up. He has to average 25 10 and 10 for this team to win 




 Ehhem... http://imgur.com/BLNqeFL 




 WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK LEBRON 




 This is the lineup we gotta keep. Playin well on this stretch 




 Good things happen when Lebron drives to the rim. Always 




 LEBRON IS BEING A BITCH. GO TO THE RIM HOLY SHIT 




 indeed 




 He has to make that one though 




 I like bully-on-the-block Lebron 




 MIKE MILLER BABY HELL YEAH 




 THAT WAS SO NASTY MY GAWD 




 http://imgur.com/VK7vyHQ 




 UNCLE DREW IS THE MAN MY LAWD 




 Offseason to do list:
-Get knock-down 3 point shooters
-get a solid backup 4/5 who can play similar to Kev
 




 THESE REFS. GOOD GOD. PLANNING THEIR MURDER AS WE SPEAK 




 That was the worst opening quarter possible. Can only go up from here 




 lol, this guy tryna tell you to ease into it. smoke it all, you deserve it 




 Yo, bruh... fuck Noah 




 Thanks fam 




 I'm telling you Cavs fam, Mike is a playoff performer. Get ready 




 *Faptually correct 




 it's pretty freakin cold, but not unpleasant. did it like 20 times in high school for basketball. helped me (torn acl) recover and heal faster so i could actually play. getting out of it is awesome bc your whole body feels a rush of warmth 




 farenheit. and it's only for about 2-3 minutes. no damage is done. helps recovery and boosts energy. have one of these places where im from and used it all the time before/after games in high school 
























 David Lee. Hate everything about him.  




 100%. watched this movie at least once a week when I was younger. would definitely pay for the theater experience 




 DAMN JR. SO DISRESPECTFUL 




 yeah that's the only reason he's in haha. he wanted that one 




 bets on lebron missing second on purpose to get the board?!?!
Nevermind lol 




 Lebron in just for the triple double lol 




 Lebron boutta go from being guarded by Jimmy Butler to being guarded by Demare Carrol. hahaha he gonna be just fine fg% wise 




 Even games where it looks like hes playing terrible, finds a way to get that close to a trip dub. crazy 




 MY PENIS CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT. IM SAVING MY DAUGHTER FOR YOU DELLY 




 holy shit. like, why? 2 seconds left. go at the rim 




 they've been sayin it since 2010 and it was never a reality. blinded by names. now theyre all old and bad and they gotta break up the band 




 dont go too crazy 




 Hot damn, we have a winner 




 DELLY OH MY GOD MARRY MY FUTURE DAUGHTER 




 Who's the Holy Spirit of our team? MozGOD, Outback Jesus... but who is the third of the Trinity? 




 eeehhhhhh debatable 




 "horrible agent but a beautiful man" doesnt at least make you chuckle? haha 




 Confirmed.  




 hahahah it's funnier because of your name 




 as long as she doesnt talk 




 lol 




 you're right. i'm sorry. bad idea. but if it happens tho? be pretty awesome. definitely prefer 12 feet and in 




 I just want Lebron to come out and stroke a few 3's back to back to back and step on their throats. kill any confidence they might still have and gain a rhythm in his jumper. perfect scenario 




 Lebrons gotta fund his jumper at some point between now and the next series. I dont know how many more games we can squeeze out with him shooting this bad 




 dont play Kyrie again, Blatt!!!!!! he needs rest for next series!!!! 




 Lebron needs to learn the art of the 10 foot pull up. Attack that baseline drive but instead of getting clogged up under the rim, pull up real quick outside the paint for that touch shot 




 IMAN SHUMPERT MUTHA FUCKAS. YOU DONT CLOSELINE THE BEST FLAT TOP IN THE GAME AND EXPECT NOT TO GET GOT. BLAP BLAP 




 Is Kyrie my new favorite player? Because this is how you become my new favorite player.  




 WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON 




 Yeah. we played bad. Lebron took bad shots and got in semi foul trouble along with mozgod. TT, JJ, and Kyrie locked it down tho. POSITIVE VIBES EVERYBODY, MAINTAIN POSITIVE VIBES 




 PUMP FAKE AND DRIVE. LITERALLY THE MOST EFFECTIVE MOVE IN BASKETBALL.  




 Okay, so this is my least favorite version of Lebron. He'll turn it around and win this game, but I just hate when he opts for transitions 3's and deep 2's so early in the game.  




 I think the immature thing to do is to care what people on the internet think and do in response to what you think and do.  




 exactly 




 she's adorably attractive.  




 Gorgeous, chrome plated horse whip 




 I think Delly is the most liked player on this team by his teammates. Lebron was talkin him up about how he's the toughest player on the team and a lotta "my boy" and stuff from other guys. These guys are really coming together and forming that championship bond you want to see. Really cool 




 Now that, is a helluva car 




 Exactly. Bron took Eric Snow, Larry Hughes, Donyell Marshall, and freakin Joe Smith to the NBA Finals when he was, what, 21? 22 maybe? That's incredible.  




 Put him on the block and let him go to work. been killin all game when we do that 




 DELLY AND TT's CHEMISTRY IS UNBELIEVABLE. LOVE THOSE GUYS 




 LEBRON GOES HARD IN THE MUTHA FUCKIN PAINT BITCG 




 okay. time to go to the rim 




 But Lebron drives in past Butler and Noah hacks the shit out of him and no call. Dont understand 




 When Bron is "banged up" he always finds a way to have one of those games. Love it 




 Lebron :D 




 Yes agreed. That scene was too much 




 Such a Lebron thing to do 




 "You, you take picture with Mozgod. Will be good for you, come." I love the great and powerful Moz 




 Yeah exactly. Hope he comes back strong next season 




 U-kendrick lamar 




 The thing is, he knows it isn't a rule that you can't use the review time as a timeout of sorts. Everybody uses it, so you have to assume it can be beneficial for both sides. Also, he was the one begging for a review because he thought more time should have been taken off, not put on. So, it is  his fault that we had time for Lebron to command the ball. No reason to be salty at anyone but himself 




 Is Chris Bosh one of the most likable players in the league? Seems like everyone genuinely wishes the best for him and wants him to succeed. It's actually really awesome to see 




 My entire life, the Cowboys have sucked 




 tasty smores? 




 bet I can guess your age 




 So mad it's not on Netflix anymore. Never got around to watching it but so wanted to 




 the fact that no character is likable is kinda why i like it so much. in a very twisted way 




 Also my favorite Nolan film. I thought it was awesome and thought provoking 




 Excellent movie. Casting was perfect 




 Love Zombieland. Really surprised me 




 Those movies are fantastic and hilarious. The Rodrick character was perfectly cast 




 Interstellar when Coop is watching the recording from Murph. My emotions were so confused. How do I react to my daughter being the same age as I am? Such an unusual concept but I was crying way more than I should. After realizing he missed 23 years of her life in such a short span of time, makes you understand how fleeting life is. McConaughey did that scene extremely well too 




 Fuck Disney for making me deal with a love story followed by a depressing death in the span of 4 minutes. Just plain rude 




 Crap. Forgot about that scene. Feels 




 The father-son scenes with Costner are the best parts of the movie. He did excellent 




 Oh god I balled like an infant. Done so damn well 




 Yes, this, 100%.  




 So, just to clarify, you're saying if it was a completely different story and absolutely nothing about the film was the same that any character could feasibly be the main focus? Can you confirm? 




 I think you're forgetting just how tiny he is. And a big man with bad feet don't last long anyway. (ie. Yao Ming) 




 I think Brent Barry is far and away the best analyst/color commentator doing playoff games right now. Least biased, most insightful, knows when to shut up, and just generally a good listen during a game. Also, Ian Eagle is a great play-by-play guy. Watching this Wiz/Hawks game and I love the commentating  




 Well, that's a shame.  




 But they go in for their college accomplishments. Not the culmination of their collegiate and professional careers. If a player is going to be inducted based on their professional career, they have to actually earn it.  




 all im saying is, he's 27 years old and the past two seasons have been his come up. he hasnt done anything except break some 3 pt shooting records. that doesnt equate to HOF status 




 Yeah that's true. I guess I just dont see him getting enough space to get 3's off. Hand check rules were very different and him being virtually 7 feet tall, keepin that handle would be difficult 




 Pippen and Rodman come to mind. But if he drives into the paint against the Pistons and gets beat up like MJ and Scottie did, he's done 




 very different circumstances 




 I think you cut his minutes in half in game 5. Delly has been playing like a champ 




 Oh so Derrick Rose is a hall of famer? god that term is thrown out so much, it means nothing. you have to actually earn a spot in the hall of fame over the course of your career. one season doesnt make you a hall of famer 




 But injury prone. He could impose his will physically and hang with those guys for sure, but he just wouldnt have a very long career 




 You think glass tiger KD is gonna take some hits from the bad boys? lol nah 




 Yo that's an instrumental track from the Interstellar soundtrack. That's cool. Much inspire 




 And it makes no sense that they dont like him. He is the polar opposite of a Gregg Popavich who is a douche bag to everyone who asks him a question. Blatt is thoughtful and answers every question with charisma. I dont get it 




 Wasn't he trying to open a tab? not order one? 




 About to have my second ACL surgery. Believe me, Derrick Rose's determination and dedication is of the upmost inspiration and I wish him all the best. And I'm a die hard Lebron fan.  




 no dude, im askin the guy who posted the comment what he's saying. read what he said. grammatically it makes no sense 




 Wh... what? 




 Bruh. game 6, 2012, Boston. Most pressure he's ever had on a game in his life. 45 pts, 15 boards, 5 assists. I like that Lebron 




 HAHAHAHHAHAH HELL YEAH CAVS FANS 




 yeah, the iso hesitation jab step pull ups are rhythm killers individually and as an offense. take a rhythm jumper or make a quick decision. dont hesitate whatever you do  




 CATCH. THE FUCKING. BALL. OH MY GOD 




 Is Tristan my new favorite player? I think he's my new favorite player. Anyone confirm? 




 totally agree. just like to see more effort close out wise 




 tristans floater game on fleek tho 




 Too many open 3's from the Bulls... Good run to tie it up but we cant allow a 3 point shooter to shoot with no one within 10 feet of him 




 haha youre shitting me right? just turn the game on before that post turnover? get outta here 




 can somebody fuckin be strong with the damn ball. this is bullshit 




 God I love Bob's 




 Like as extra scenes or a bonus feature or something? I was curious why he was such a small part of the film 




 Bruh, Lebron shot 8 for 25. 7 TO's. that's not a season average. Kyrie cant jump or sprint with one foot. that's not something that happened in the regular season. dont try to act like theyre playing normal. if Lebron and Kyrie play like the duo theyve been all year, this isnt a game. 
And I'm perfectly content being down 1-2 because we have the best player on that planet on our squad. Also, cleveland doesnt have a home court advantage. their home crowd was basically terrible so those first two were neutral site games as far as im
concerned. 
In the end, being down 1 to 2 without a 17 and 10 guy, without a play making shooter for the first two, and with a plethora of injuries isn't the worst it can be. I have faith in King James.   




 are you? sounds like a pretty biased take on officiating from your end too, boss. they called a foul to make up for the missed goaltend, by the way. watch it back, literally nobody touched him. but, all that aside, yall won the game. congrats. yall got 50 from your top two, we got 38. we got out rebounded badly. had basically zero fast break points. got out scored by 15 on 2nd chance points. and we still only lost on a hail mary. im content with that. the question is, are you? just hope it doesnt scare you that Lebron and Kyrie have played like complete shit for 3 games and it's still a close series. we'll see what happens when they get it going 




 we were in the game all bc of lebron too.  
























