




 I prefer having an actual 7slot kernel and overclocking with SetCPU but started wondering...are there any good alternatives that randroid would suggest?  I'd really enjoy per-active-app clock speeds if there is an OC app that can provide that. 




 Daughter is 3 1/2 years old, and I really need to make these plans early.  However, I cannot seem to find a single private school that isn't centered on religion.  What's the deal with this? 




 I'm working on a wicked-tight budget, and I'm trying to find the best option for flooring in my 'new' kitchen.  It's small, 10'x9' or so.  So right now I'm looking at staining the concrete because it's just so damn cheap...

The problem is that my floor is black.  I suspect it's tar backing from the floor I recently scraped up.  How do I go about removing this and providing a clean, undamaged surface to start staining?  Sand blaster?  I don't think I can use any kind of solvents, as that would allow the tar to seep into the porous surface of the concrete.

Any suggestions?

*Edit:* Apparently it's not tar...it's asbestos adhesive.  Great.  :( 




 I've been helping my mother repair houses since I was a teenager (buy 'em cheap, make 'em pretty, rent them out/sell them).  I've now become a new homeowner and *really* don't feel like doing it manually yet again.  We have removed so much damn sticky-tile-laminate, and glued down laminate flooring that it's crazy.  Sometimes even carpet that's glued down with feces/piss or other fluids...stuff that nobody would typically even begin to touch.

What's a good motorized tool to get between the concrete and the back of the flooring?  I'd like to be able to tear up this flooring pretty quickly rather than spending a day and a half doing it by hand with a paint scraper.  The stuff I'm dealing with currently is tar-backed and really a pain to get in between. 




 I've got a spare Linux box that I can do whatever I want and I would like to set up some sort of 'bundling' service on it.  My question is "how can I do this"...so I'll just explain what I want to happen:

I, have my own 10/1 mbps service from Comcast -- hooked into a router that I broadcast freely but divided into their own private networks (I can instead hook this into my Linux Box for much more advanced routing abilities).  My own private network is secure, and I have a virtual network which is free for everyone else to use (I'm using a DD-WRT'd WRT54GL to accomplish this.)

But, I have at least 20 other wifi spots around me and I've seen people actively get on my open connection, and use it.  I suspect these people also own the wireless connections being broadcast around me that are all secured as well.

What I would like to do, is allow them to join the network, and be given a signup page, which would allow them to enter their routers SSID/Password, and sign up for a pooling service.  Utilizing multiple wifi cards or whatever is not out of the question -- or I can figure out WIFI VLAN capabilities later in the implementation stage.

Once they've signed up, I'd like my box to connect to their box (either using the VLAN method I mentioned above, or even using a dedicated wifi card)...and allow that user to utilize both my network, and their own network.  I realize that a *lot of things can't utilize this* but there are also a lot of things that can....primarily torrent clients.  I could then NAT the connections together (because lets face it...they're probably already behind NAT on their home network anyways)

Now, setting up all of these signup pages, and making the actual pooling service myself, isn't much of a problem.  However, I'd like to know the best ways to setup Linux to utilize multiple connection paths manually before I start to automate it.  Does anyone have any good links to this sort of thing?  Preferably using something like iptables/ipnat (or natd)/ipfw...

This should also provide load-balancing and fault tolerance for all of us (some of the neighborhood is on cable, some of it is on DSL) 









 Does such a thing exist?  BASH is easy to learn, but there are so many portions of a typical linux system that are divided amongst languages, and since I know python, I'd really like to be able to administer my system using tools centered around a language I already know.

Are there any python-centric Linux distributions out there that anyone is aware of?  Varying levels of integration are welcome...

*edit: Found it thanks to watabowtit!  The answer I was looking for was Pardus linux.  Even their init system is based on Python as well as most of their developed toolset -- this is the distribution I remember having intense interest in.* 




 The built in one that comes with cm7 is kind of featureless.  And there are a million of them in the market that seem to do 3/4 of the things I need, but doesn't include the alarm function.

Honestly, only thing that made me think of this is my daughter was playing with her iPod Touch 2G, I had to rearrange some apps for her, and got into the alarm.  The one on iOS has alarm, countdown, lap timer all in a single app.

 









 I recently followed a howto on getting asterisk to connect to my google voice so I was able to use SipDroid and a home analog telephone adapter to utilize the service as a full-blown replacement for telephone service.

Right now it's all running in a virtual machine on my own box, but I'd like to move it to a VPS so I can access it anywhere on the internet.  Problem is I don't feel comfortable throwing this out there when it has my full google credentials in a plaintext file.  If someone were to ever gain access to that box through a known exploit, it would be trivial to hijack my stuff.  I can't whitelist because I could be accessing it from any WiFi point that I happen to run across which means my IP address will be different a lot of the time.

Is there any way to protect this?  Am I being overly paranoid? 




 Every tutorial on sockets I run across is filled with a portion of the code that looks like

    while 1:
        [do some looping to socket.recv, etc]

I'd really like to learn an object-oriented way of doing this.  (Like making a class that has a on-receive method and fires off code reactively instead of depending on a while loop)  I haven't really been able to find a Python-based IRC client out there thats object oriented in its programming style so I figure this would be a great project to get my head wrapped around OO and stop thinking about everything imperatively.

Does anyone have any kind of links to a small python based IRC client?  Or a OO-based IRC client tutorial?

Even if it's not sockets or IRC; I need something that I might actually use.  Not another rehashed bookstore app or animal/cat/dog/speciation tutorial.  I've read them and the blandness switches something off in my brain that allows me to remember the lesson.

Here's some psuedo code that gives an example of what I'm looking for or rather...trying to accomplish:

    Class MyClient(socketChat):
        def connect(self, server):
            Initialization()
        def onReceive(self, origination, data):
            doSomeStuff(data)
        def onSend(self, destination, data):
            doSomeSending(data)

And then work from there, building out the client, or being able to freely add/remove a GUI layer later on (by binding key events to the onSend method, etc.) -- preferribly the class I'm inheriting in the psuedo-code there "socketChat" would be minimal so I could understand how to re-build it myself.

Or am I even looking at this the right way? 




 38,173 readers

Sponsored Headlines Examples:

+ Got an Android smartphone?  Want to make it a smarter-phone?  Head on over to /r/Android!
+ There's a little green robot that loves friends, check out /r/Android!
+ Androids LOVE bacon.  Come visit other Android lovers over at /r/Android!

Ideas for sponsored ad:

+ Reddit Alien and Android holding hands.
+ Reddit Alien looking down at smartphone ignoring little reddit children all yelling "pay attention to me daddy!!"...he could possibly reply "Not now I'm busy..."



Similar Reddits that exist:

+ /r/androidappreviews
+ /r/androidapps
+ /r/androiddev
+ /r/androidisawesome
+ /r/androidquestions
+ /r/androidthemes
+ /r/tasker

Why we should promote this:

Because /r/Android is already a fast growing community and more members are always welcome.  Since these devices are becoming more and more a center of everyones online experience and social lives, it only makes sense to help them take full advantage of these devices in whichever way possible.  We're very friendly over at /r/Android and do our best to make everyone feel welcome regardless of mobile OS preference. 









 I've looked @ Lowes, Home Depot, Radio Shack, and I can't find anyone who carries the stuff I need.  

I found an SMA surface mount adapter but I need an N-type surface-mount adapter (like the one pictured [here](http://img.engadget.com/common/images/3060000000054045.JPG), and either LMR-400 or CNT-400 Low-loss 3/8" diam coax cable (only like a foot or two).

Any ideas?  None of the big-name people seem to carry this kind of stuff.  I actually live a bit north of Orlando (closer to Sanford) but this seemed the most appropriate subreddit. 




 Obviously the most popular example would be something like minecraft or line-rider, but I've seen some other 2D sandbox games on the 'net as well.  Anyone know of any on Android worth playing?  I'd prefer something that can be joined by lots of players.  Anywhere between 2 and 50 players in a sandbox environment would be awesome :) 




 I'm using the new 1.8 version of Asterisk to emulate google talk which directly bypasses all that sipsorcery/sipgate/gizmo forwarding/hacking bullshit and just connects directly through google voice and allows VoIP on my Droid, but the stock gingerbread SIP client doesn't seem to like to authenticate with my asterisk box.  SipDroid will, but not the built in client, and it's bugging me.

Anyone have any idea why this might be?  I'm running the asterisk server locally, I haven't opened it up to the world yet; I'm working on building an 'appliance' for virtualbox that will allow you to deploy your own VoIP - Google Voice - Android solution but gotta get it all working flawlessly first. :)

I already have it working **amazingly** through SipDroid...I can accept and place calls on wifi with almost no lag at all, and it's not reliant on a sipgate/pbxes account or anything...all direct from Google Voice :) 



















 Because lets face it...the average consumer isn't interested in root, jailbreaking, ROMs, heck, some of them don't even download apps from the market, they want their phone to "just work"... so we need to compare here based on out-of-the-box abilities.  Any theories as to why Android is still growing so quickly vs iOS? -- is it just the cheap-o Androids out there and price?  Is it features?  Is it distribution among carriers?  Distribution among manufacturers (aka hardware options)?

*edit:* Did some napkin-math -- most popular app for Android is Google Maps with 616,604 reviews.  The most popular app requiring root would be Titanium Backup with 37,696 reviews.  If both sets of people are assumed to review apps on an equal basis, that would mean 6.1% or so actually root...about 1/20th the Android population. 




 The virus/antivirus cat and mouse game will continue to happen.  But with the recent action taken on Googles behalf to *automatically* undo the effects of the malware that was present on the market, it is now a confirmed waste of money to buy products like Lookout, etc.  None of these products will protect your phone, they will only tell you about things after-the-fact.

Also, the fact that this malicious software was found by a REDDITOR before any of these "Antivirus companies" knew about it, shows that none of them are taking an active approach to finding malware on the market themselves.  If they were doing their jobs, they would have had the analysis done way before this.

What exactly are these antivirus companies pretending to do anyhow?

 









 Just came back from my post-op appointment from having lymph node tissue in the left side of my neck removed, and the doctor has informed me that I have Hogkin's Lymphoma.  I'm 26 (27 this march) and I've had the symptoms of fatigue easily since I was 16ish.  I haven't had a chest X-ray, or PET scans or even staging done yet.  I have another lump on the inside of my left leg, so best case scenario I'm stage 2 unless it's just a fibrosis (unlikely).  I'm not afraid of death but I cry constantly over the thought of my daughter having to lose her daddy.  Someone talk to me.

Edit, March 10th 2011; It was localized to only that lymph node! Horray! I get to undergo some localized radiation therapy and basically just have to make sure I go to the doctor on a regular enough basis to ensure that it doesn't come back again!  No chemo!  Yay! 




 First, let me start off by saying I understand the ROM community can be a large, and very confusing place.  However, it all really boils down to this:

CyanogenMod supports [24 devices.](http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices)  That's right...24 of them.  And that's only the ones DIRECTLY supported.  Many people have ported CyanogenMod to other devices as well.  Everything (or nearly everything) that gets incorporated into CyanogenMod, typically gets passed down the pipe and implemented into each and every build for these devices.  Code isn't duplicated here.  This ensures that you'll have the same features, across multiple devices, with the same options, the same enhancements, and minimally duplicated effort for the coders to incorporate such changes.  Many changes automatically propagate down the tree without developer intervention at all. The one-off ROMs (like Darkys for the SGS Captivate), are limited to those specific devices and require developer attention at nearly all times in order to incorporate new features, update builds, fix bugs, etc.

On *top* of that, most ROMs that you DO find either use Cyanogens build environment, or a large bit of Cyanogens base code as a starting point.  I don't have any raw numbers but I fully expect that well over 80% of AOSP ROMs available for Android, have taken *something* from the Cyanogen teams work.

CyanogenMod is the biggest, baddest, most comprehensive single piece of work that the Android community has for ROMs.  Nearly everything you see in the ROM community has something to do with CyanogenMod at some point or another.  You may not run CM on your device, but you have to respect the amount of work put into a project this huge.  Those of us praising the Cyanogen team aren't always doing it because CM is supposed to be some mystical, magical, best-of-all ROM available out there.  We respect what they have given to the community, and continue to give.  In terms of importance to the Android community, they probably rank right under the [AOSP](http://source.android.com/) project itself.

*edit:* Ever use ClockworkMod? ROM Manager? -- Both a product of [Koush](https://github.com/koush), a large committer of CyanogenMod code and a member of Team Douche.  Even flashing your phone to a non-CM ROM, you're using their work.  

Also, please read the link in the right-hand side of reddit titled "Contribute to CyanogenMod" - It's not about money, it's about how you can help out!

*edit2:* Let me clarify here, this isn't a post trying to convince anyone to flash CyanogenMod to their device.  If you decide you want CM on your device, its your job to weigh the pros and cons and decide that on your own.  I'm merely posting this up there because there have been a lot of people throughout /r/Android saying things like "I don't know why so many people make a big deal about CyanogenMod".

*edit3:* Since people don't seem to care that I'm not trying to advertise for Cyanogen but here's a feature-list for those of you who want convincing: http://www.cyanogenmod.com/about -- Keep in mind that this list isn't feature-complete at all and there are many things to be discovered about CyanogenMod beyond that. 









 Evernote syncs text, images, etc...that's basically ALL it does.  Is this some shitty iOS port? 




 I'd really like to learn from you.  Sometimes bouncing ideas and code problems off of someone helps too ;)

I know just enough java to get myself in trouble.  self-taught Python background with no college, and a high school education that would rival a middle-school (seriously, my high school was horrible.) -- However, I'm a fast learner and know when to keep my mouth shut and just watch/listen. 




 When we talk about encrypted/signed bootloaders, we're referring to the kernel and the ability to run our own.  This has an affect on ROMs, Overclocking potential, development of new features, and even the unlocking of hidden hardware such as the FM radio on certain models of phones.  **Encrypted bootloaders have nothing to do with root**

This also has an effect on you as a consumer.  If a phone with an encrypted/signed bootloader (aka Motorola phones (including the atrix)) get support dropped by the company who manufactures it, it means your device will be stopped dead in its tracks from there on out.

Take the Milestone for example (a bootloader-encrypted version of the Droid) : They will never have Honeycomb or Icecream Sandwich.  (*updated to reflect some new info that there was a leaked gingerbread build for the milestone*)  The milestone is still a perfectly fine, viable phone to use and will continue to be so for another year or two without problem.  OG Droid owners running GBread roms, while a little disheartened over our lack of attention lately, are still receiving infinitely more attention than our milestone using cousins.  The OG Droid will probably end up going on to receive Honeycomb or even Icecream Sandwich.  Sure, eventually we'll run up against technical limitations, but those aren't artificially produced by a company in order to try and entice you into their newest device.

"But I'll just be buying another phone in 2 years, this doesn't affect me!" - go ahead and keep believing that.  If you're advanced enough to have chosen Android over the iPhone or WP7, at some point or another you'll want to tinker with it (even those of you who won't do it until you have a replacement device or are already out of warranty). 




 I've tried ifconfig, and the 'ip' command in order to try and spoof the mac address but nothing seems to work.  Is this something that isn't currently built into the kernels? (Using ChevyNo1 on an OG Droid)

I can't seem to find any apps in the app store for this task either. 




 I currently live in a block-house that was extended.  Most of the house is a flat roof, except over the areas where the house was extended, it's a red spanish tile on top of the roof.  I've asked around about insulating underneath the plywood on the underside of the roof, and I've been told that I shouldn't if it's a shingle roof, as it'll make the roof get too hot and prematurely wear the shingles.  Is it ok to do if I have a tile roof?  The room that was added onto the house has the most extreme temperature changes and the blown-in insulation in the ceiling doesn't seem to help all that much.  The rest of the house will stay cool during the summer, and warm during the winter; this room does the opposite.

I was reminded to ask about it by this post:
http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/ffxrp/styrofoam_on_my_garage_cieling/

And through the image search I eventually ran across:
http://www.hammerzone.com/archives/energy/insulation/ceiling_sloped/rigid_foam.htm

Anything I should know?  There don't seem to be any vents in the tile roof (it was built in the 1960s or so) that I'd have to work around.

The roof is vented I'm guessing by the soffit surrounding the house; I'm also thinking maybe the blown in insulation might be 'clogging' the air flow maybe?  Could that be it? 




 By now I have multiple 85s, and I've noticed a strange trend.  I can get on my tank (prot warrior), and do heroics all day long, never fail, never CC, any healer can keep me up...we just plow through heroics when I tank.

But on my mage, druid, and DK -- all of these groups fail, with CC, and with amazing healers as well.  It's gotten to the point where I'm not even sure why I leveled my other characters because all it takes is the tank being horrible and the group fails each and every time.

There are a lot of 'tanks' in queue who are really just tank spec for the easy instant-queues and it's getting hard to even finish a heroic on my non-tank characters.  People are breaking CC, don't know how to interrupt casts (I've seen multiple 6+ second casts go off when counterspell is down, etc), and are just overall...terrible players.  Most of the time, I check out their gear and it's not the WRONG gear; but they haven't reforged **ANY** of it either.  Reforging is *NOT* optional.  On a per-item basis, sure...but there's no reason someone should be walking into a heroic without ANY gear reforged.

How are people this bad?  I know at least a few of them are wrath-babies, but still...am I just going to have to trade heroic runs with someone else who is proficient at playing a tank?

I'm on Korgath btw.  Also: Anyone have a guild that needs a tank?  I went 8/12 the first week of cataclysm raiding, but the GM of the guild I was in disbanded and xferred servers taking with him the 8 or so BOE epics that had dropped during raiding _ -- I haven't been able to find a worthwhile guild since that happened.  Either the guild is too focused on PvP, or amazingly interested in PvE but has horrible players (my current situation.); the guild I'm in at the moment has a GM that cannot seem to pull more than 6k dps on his mage with nearly 350ilvl gear, even after I helped him gem/reforge into proper stats.

**tl;dr:** I'm nerd raging about bad players. 




 Building a new rig soon, looking to have the most amount of cores possible because I do a lot of video transcoding, money isn't really a limitation but I would like the most amount of cores per dollar.

I know about the Phenom x6, but is there anything coming down the pipe soonish (within 2 months) that I should consider waiting for? 




 http://www.imgur.com/uRoJy.jpg

It is NOT feces of any sort.  It doesn't have a root system, and its growing on a bed of rocks.  How do I kill it? 




 Here's the specs of both of the machines:

Machine 1:

* Pentium 4 2.8ghz, clock modified to 214x14 to bump it up to 2.99ghz
* NVidia 7600gs 265mb
* 600 Watt power supply
* Gigabyte GA-8I848P motherboard. (Both of these post-date AGP 8x so I know it's not an 8x/4x problem)
* 2gb GSkill DDR 400 memory in 2 sticks.

Machine #2:

* Pentium 4 3.0 ghz, stock clock speed.
* Radeon 9800 XT 256mb (This is actually a WORSE card than the 7600gs)
* 600 watt power supply (Identical, yes I know this won't be my disparity)
* MSI Motherboard 865G Neo 2-P
* 2gb GSkill DDR 400 memory in 2 sticks. (Identical)

Both of these computers are NEARLY identical.  Yet Machine #1 gets 2-8fps under the same game load as Machine #2 in the same area, same game.

I've swapped video cards, back and forth with 0 result.  Framerates remained unchanged.  Both are running the exact same version of the game with the exact same settings (ICYW It's WoW, which stores its settings in the game folder...so no hidden registry entries to worry about).  Both have had all effects and video card settings turned to the minimum.  CPU clocks are the same, Hyperthreading is enabled on both, the timing on the memory is the same on both machines.  Both machines also have the exact same processes running as they are relatively fresh installs.

I've been building/troubleshooting computers for years and this has me entirely stumped.  Could it really all be down to the motherboard?  Swapping the video cards didn't give me any kind of result framerate wise, so I've ruled that out as the bottleneck.

For reference Machine #1 gets about 2-8 FPS; Machine #2 gets 24-38 fps.

Ok, here's my checklist of what I've checked off (based on suggestions):

* Heat - Heat is fine, nothing overheating.
* Voltages - Voltages are fine, 12v and 5v rails are within 0.1v
* Overclock - Only overclocked because I had the problem to begin with.  OC and un-OCd, no changes.
* Drivers - I've been doing this since I was 8; I think I know a thing or two about drivers :)
* External Power - Checked with OHM meter; Cards are both getting power just fine.
* Drives - Drives are all defragged, run just fine at their manufacturer specified speeds.
* Video Cards - I've swapped the video cards; Same result for both cards...8fps...so this isn't the problem.
* Memtest - No errors on either machine, ran for 1 3/4 hours.
* Memory/CPU frequency - Memory is running 400mhz/428mhz and CPU running at 2.8/2.99ghz; Stock and Overclock respectively.
* Swapped out CPU with a 2.66ghz P4 non-HT   Reset BIOS; Still the same...


**Update**

At this point it's just gotta be the motherboard.  I don't know how the system could still be rock-stable and cause this much performance degradation but it seems like it is.  (What really pisses me off is that I don't know WHY it's happening...I'm like Dr. House when it comes to computers, I tend to not stop until I find a diagnosis...even if it still means the computer is going to die.)  It's the only thing I haven't removed/replaced from "my" machine.  And the only reason for THAT, is because Win7 won't allow me to boot from another board without needing a full reinstall _

Thanks for all your help guys; I appreciate all the ideas.  Unfortunately it's just not worth buying a "new" motherboard...once taxes come in I'll just build a new computer; this one is ancient anyways.
 




 **Rooted phones only**

If the kernel/rom you're running supports swap space, download Swapper 2 from the market.  Run Swapper 2, hit menu - Busybox and let it download/install busybox.  Hit menu again - Settings and change swappiness to 20 or 30, and change the swap size to 128-192.  Back out of the settings.  Press ON; wait 5 mins or so -- don't assume it's locked and back out of it before it completes.  Once it says -- Done!  Load up Dungeon Defenders; It should load slowly, but it runs on the D1 with very little lag and is playable.  The control scheme sucks but otherwise it's great. :)

Currently I'm using Ultimate Droid 2.5 for this, but I'm sure some other rom/kernel combos work as well.

I'd also suggest this only if you *really* want to play DunDef or if you've already purchased it and haven't been able to play it yet :) 




 That's my nerd-rage for the day. 









 I've been looking all over for waterproof ebook readers and I can't seem to find anything at all.  I know a good amount of women that read books while in the tub, and it's the only thing keeping my wife from getting an ebook reader right now

Also; touchscreen ebook readers...you think they would already have capacitive touchscreen versions out with no buttons (which would make waterproofing easy as well!)...what the heck?!

**Those plastic waterproof covers are cumbersome and annoying as hell, so those are out of the question.** -- that includes ziplock bags, electronics waterproofing bags, etc 














 Look it up yourself you lazy ignorant prick.  You're on the internet, a vast series of tubes connected to the library of congress and millions of homes everywhere.  Nobody needs to cite a source in order to reply to your comment...fuck.

/rant 




 I'd really love to get Tasker to underclock my CPU when running SNESoid; since overclocking I can't really determine what will knock the clock rate up or what will keep it low, I'd like to keep it bumped to 1.2ghz on my Droid for the applications that need it but limit it when I boot up SNESoid.  Is this possible? 




 My father-in-law is an electrical engineer, and apparently has access to an ARM jtag programmer (2x10 pin; is this what's used in the G1?).  I'd like to see if it's possible for me to unbrick it.  If anyone has one that they know is in working order but has a software brick they can't get out of, contact me.  I only need 1 to work with.  (It'll be disassembled and soldered on in order to access the jtag port, so don't expect it back, there's a possibility I may damage something.)  I figure there might be *someone* out there willing to donate a broken G1 to further my educational desires. :) 




 What I want to know...honestly...is how many people have fully, completely, irreversibly, device-won't-boot, pray to the gods it'll be accepted for warranty, bricked their device via flashing, rooting or some other software-related hard-brick...not a near-brick-experience (NBE), or physical damage bricking the device. -- Overclocking counts though, so if you've pushed your device too hard and bricked it that way, I want to hear about it too.

This also doesn't count where you have soft-bricked a device, but didn't want to go through the hassle of restoring it and warranty replaced it because it was easier...

I know this post sounds like a troll.  In a way it is.  Every day I see "I don't want to root because I'll brick" or "Because I'll void my warranty", or whatever excuse is available -- but what I know about people is that they are the first to complain very loudly, very violently, and near-always even when something goes wrong.  

But I've seen no such complaints or mention of anyone ever having a bricked device that wasn't fixable entirely by following some help provided by either us, or XDA...or even someone having a warranty turned down because they had rooted.  I want to know do these people actually exist?

Edit: 11/21 10:04AM EST: Wow...everyone who's bricked so far only seems to be the G1...anyone brick anything other than a G1? 




 That Android users don't tend to be outwardly fanatical about their devices?  I mean, obviously a lot of us are enthusiastic and also defend attacks against our choice of device, but people come here and ask about tablets, and we suggest "Just get an iPad".  People ask "How can I talk my parents into an Android" and we tell them to grow up and just get their parents whatever device they want...

I just wanted to say I love that laid back attitude that you don't **HAVE** to own an Android, but if you'd like, we're here to help.  It's refreshing to see.  You don't often see that in other communities; Linux, Apple, for example...

Keep it up /r/Android, we're a fast growing community specifically because of this attitude, stay classy :) 



















 So, the newest ADW.Launcher changed some behavior that I didn't like.  Now, newly installed apps don't show in the catalogs you can make by default.

I was able to download the source from here: https://github.com/boombuler/android_packages_apps_Launcher

I was able to load it up in Eclipse, and reverse the changes made in this commit: https://github.com/boombuler/android_packages_apps_Launcher/commit/a9dd0737ba5017d8d96e6aa831c0a233b6bd536c

I'm pretty sure this would have been near impossible on any other platform...so I'm pretty ecstatic right now.

Some of you Android devs may wanna check out the source tree, it's really well organized, and a pleasure to work with.  Everything loads right into eclipse and compiles just fine (after you refresh the project) - Maybe some of you have some ideas you might want added in! 




 /r/Orlando is the best I could find as far as "local" goes.  I'm a 26yr old stay at home dad with a 2 1/2 year old girl, looking for *anything* to do.  (A job...a friend to visit...) I can't afford day-care and I'm trapped in 1/2 of a house all day long trying my best to keep her from annoying my housemate.  I'm going insane with nothing to do or any adults to converse with (consequently so is my daughter).  My wife works some crazy hours to try and keep us afloat financially so during the week she's rarely home.

I do all sorts of tech-related stuff such as Programming (Python, learning Java atm), Computer Repair, Car repair, Audio/Video (HDTV setup and such), but have no college education and thus a very short resume.  I also can repair paintball guns, I used to play professionally.  I'd really enjoy a like-minded individual to befriend if there are any out there.
 



















 First, try installing Pocket Legends again -- I mailed the devs last night and showed them a bug in their manifest.xml which may have been causing the issue for some of you, and they have updated the app with a LOT of bug fixes including the ones I submitted.

If you can't find it on the market, you've obtained an apk of PL, and you're having install errors trying to install it from the apk:

Settings - SD Card/Storage - Unmount SD Card.

Install Pocket Legends, Remount SD card, (Optional) Move PL to SD card. 




 http://www.reddit.com/user/SheerazRaza -- Spams nothing but "geekword.net" links. - Never comments.

http://www.reddit.com/user/HanifB/submitted/ - Spams 2 sites.  BitStation/Mouse2House. - Never comments.

http://www.reddit.com/user/gokulvarma/submitted/ - open-help blogspam. - Never Comments.

http://www.reddit.com/user/ynksrule93 - Blogspam for "android-apps.com" - Never Comments.

http://www.reddit.com/user/wccftech - blogspam for "wccftech" - Never Comments.

Virdict: Most of these people deserve to be banned from the subreddit, or just their domains suspended from submissions for a little while.  I found all of these simply by searching for "Nexus S" restricted to the /r/Android subreddit.

But...there are even a few gems like this guy:

http://www.reddit.com/user/jlaw84/submitted/ - He submitted 2 Nexus S articles, HIMSELF, but he submits from a lot of different places making it hard to place if he's just some content aggregator or not.

Reddit is for **people** not **companies** - it is not here so you can make a buck off of the advertising in your blog.  If someone likes your site...let them submit it. 



















 So, I'm out on the back concrete slab with my daughter.  She's playing with the colored chalk and I decide...hey, lets try this.

So I rubbed a little chalk on my thumb, and it's like my thumb is ice-skating on my D1 screen now and I'm not leaving smudges and finger prints (or scratches!)

I know chalk is made mostly from gypsum, which is one of the softest minerals (only behind talc) so I don't think it'll harm/scratch anything but I just wanted to share.  I now keep a piece of colored chalk at my desk for when my fingers are getting sweaty and sticking to the glass. :) 



















 To give some context, here is the news report that was done yesterday on it all:  http://www.wate.com/Global/story.asp?S=13360235

That news article is basically the TL;DR -- I warn you of the wall of text that is imminent.

The woman in that news article, is my mother.  She is quite possibly the most amazing woman you could ever know.  She raised us 3 kids by herself (now all in our 20s), all while fighting severe depression, and the effects of multiple sclerosis more recently.  She was born in North Carolina and moved down to Florida when she was young.  5 years ago she was vacationing in TN, drove by a motel and couldn't get the dream out of her head from then on. She bought the Sunbright motel in Sunbright TN a year later.

Always thinking of her children she set out to have us all start a family business so we would all have some steady money as we got older.  I moved from Florida up to Tennessee with my soon to be wife because I owe my mom everything in the world, I would do anything for her.

In the beginning, things were going fine. We immediately got to work on renovating the place.  We were all very hopeful and you could tell in our work, everything was on a shoestring budget...but we kept at it, working day in and day out.  The previous owner of the motel had attempted to burn it down for insurance fraud so we had an entire section of the place to re-do; there was literally a tree growing up through the middle of the building when we first got it.

The first trouble started with the help we had hired.  It seems the crazies come out of the woodwork first.  We'll call these particular crazies "joe" and "tanya".  We've always done our best to try and help people and it turned out that one of our helpers was homeless.  Well, we thought, we're renovating a damn motel!  So we went to the back basement-rooms and renovated them best we could to provide electricity, a bed, bathroom, shower, you name it.  In exchange for living there the guy would help out around the motel doing some of the construction and get paid minimum wage.  His girlfriend was with him so she was free to look for a job elsewhere for extra money to get on their feet.  I lived at the motel in an area that used to be a video store at one point.

So 5-6 months of work passes by; we've now lived with "joe" and "tanya" for a while, and trust them fully.  Since things are going so well, my mother and I decided we needed to be down in Florida for the holidays.  We leave for Florida, fully comforted by the fact that we have someone watching over the place.  So, christmas and newyears come and go, we've packed some more of our personal belongings because a lot of it was left in Florida to save on travel expenses.  We get back up to Tennessee and find that close to $6k in tools, a LARGE red toolbox have been stolen and joe and tanya claim to have never heard a thing.  They didn't know about it.  Since this is already going to be a wall of text, I'll just cut to the chase: after about 3 months of despair, and suffering over being robbed (first time ever btw.), we find out that joe and tanya...with the help of the other helper we hired, broke in, and stole all our tools, and sold it all off for $300.  For drug money.  Oh, and I'm not joking about the "we" part.  WE took the initiative that the police wouldn't to track down our stolen property and eventually tracked down all the parties involved.  We got about 30% of our tools back, with the big red toolbox, but most of it had been pawned off already.

At that point, my mom is fighting to continue this thing.  I'm originally so devastated that I just want to move back to Florida, but she talks me into staying.  Eventually I get back into the swing of things and we hire some new help.  We accomplish a lot for a while, but as all of this is going on, I'm still living in an old video store section of the motel and its getting to be winter.  The winds are terrible up there in the fall, and the place is not well insulated.  My wife got pregnant around the middle of the year and my daughter is supposed to be born around March (at the time).  Well, March rolls around, and we have a 3-4 month old baby in sub-zero temperatures TRYING like hell with a 220v SPACE HEATER to keep the place warm.  All this in an effort to stay and continue helping, as this place could be our families livelihood in the future.  Yet another long story short, me and my soon to be wife moved back down to Florida with the baby.

After I moved back, my mother continued on with the motel, although at a slower pace.  The holidays came again, and this time we weren't robbed.  Things were looking up.  Or so we thought.  Over the next 2 1/2ish years, we've been broken into and robbed 10 more times.  Every time, me and my mother alternate talking each other back into keeping up the work.  I can't do it anymore.  My mom just recently had come down here to visit her grand-baby and upon returning, the copper in the entire motel has been stripped out, the A/C units have been hauled off, and we're nearly back to square one after dumping our life savings into this thing.  The sad thing about it all, is that the police station, is right across the road from the motel.  Someone had CALLED the police from sunbright, and morgan county (which also 'services' that area) and not one police officer even showed up.  The thieves took their time to PROPERLY vent the freon from the A/C units that they had stolen.

I don't know what to do anymore.  My mom is broken, her spirit shattered into a million pieces, as is mine and my wifes.  We picked Sunbright because it used to be a great place, and the motel was built in the 1920s (or sometime around there at least), and we really felt like we could restore it, and help build a thriving community in the area.  What has happened though is we've been picked clean slowly by officials in TN not doing their jobs, thieves, and just outright heartbreak.  I don't want to give this place up, we've put a lot of hard work and sweat into it.  My mom has put the place up for sale though, some ridiculous low price.  She just doesn't even want to deal with it anymore, and I've now become so paranoid, so pessimistic about life, that I just can't even enjoy myself 1200 miles away.  We've asked the local communities for help, we've even had a couple offer to help for free, whenever we need them, but anymore we can't trust a single person it seems.  What do I do?  I'm so completely lost.

**TL;DR:** My moms dream of renovating a motel has been smashed by police that refuse to do their job, and thieves. We're out of hope, we're out of willpower, we're out of trust, we're a shattered version of our former selves.  I don't know what to do anymore. I can't even enjoy my own life at this point.  We've worked hard all of our lives in an effort to "live the American dream", and now we're here.  All of our hard earned money spent, and us barely able to walk back into our own homes without wondering if something is missing.

If you want to know more, I could probably type another 5-6 pages in details.  I tried to keep it as short as possible.  I can give you my mothers email address if you would like to try and give her some encouragement, she doesn't know I am posting this here but she could definitely use the support.  bmorris553\[at\]\[g\]\[mail.com\] She is heartbroken like I have never seen another human being in my entire life.  I can't even talk about this without her completely breaking down over it.

*Edit: Before you go about saying that we should have probably got security cameras, etc -- we did.  Those were stolen too.  No security service will secure this place either; to dial for an emergency out there, you have to call 911, give them your phone number and address...they have to hang up with you, call dispatch, and call you back.* 




 Or maybe it's not the back side...maybe it's a print on the front, but in either case here are my thoughts on the idea:

Typical glow-in-the-dark pigment glows green.  It's the Android color, and Gingerbread looks like it's embracing this color a little more (speculation but I'm gonna run with it.) - There are other glow colors to choose from if the manufacturer wants.  (red and blue)

Could this make a difference with battery life? -- Maybe the LEDs could be UV and just turn on for a couple seconds at a time to illuminate the ink and then turn off?

The glow should be dull enough that you don't notice it in the daytime, but doesn't distract (if you're watching a movie or something) at night. 









 I don't want a desktop widget, but would like a weather icon in my notification area (not when pulled down, but just an icon like when a program is running in the background has), does something like this exist?  Everything I search for is some sort of desktop widget.  If it does exist, it's very hidden.

Edit: If possible, one with an icon for the conditions + temp overlay would be perfect. 




 I don't really know how to do mentorship long-range so I'm kind of looking for any kind of mentorship in the central Florida area; I guess I'm kind of looking for a friend as well to learn things together.

I know a bit of Python (but I'm interested in ALL languages), just enough to scrape me by as I find examples of code that do what I need and modify them to suit my purposes.  I'm also interested in electrical engineering but I have no formal college for any of it.

I really just want to learn.  I've been without a job for a year, I've been building computer systems since I was 12 (back when there was no such thing as "plug and play" and you had to figure out dip switches in order to get a system to boot up) so I'm tech savvy, just lack any formal education on anything specific.

Here is a quick list of all my interests:

* Android development
* Python, C, Java
* A/V - Security systems, Stereo systems, Home entertainment
* Robotics
* Electrical engineering, interfacing (arduino type stuff?)
* Linux (Gentoo, Arch, Debian; Anything more advanced than Ubuntu)

My problem is typically motivation: I get disinterested quickly when there isn't someone there to guide me or share the experience with.

If someone can talk me into some sort of long-range mentorship and how I can go about doing that kind of thing (would I need a webcam?  what software?) I'd be happy to try it out. 




 I've been using "TooManyAddons" to group and make profiles for enabling/disabling addons on the fly (well, with a reloadui) in-game for a while now, but it looks as if the author might not be updating it anymore.

I've also been using TidyBar, which stacks up my 3 bottom action bars, puts my mini-buttons + bags in the bottom right (and autohides them) and it seems as if the author cares more about TidyPlates so he won't be updating it right now.  The biggest deal about this bar mod is that it's virtually configuration-less and I don't have to rebind a whole bunch of buttons to use it properly (I'm looking at you...bartender...)

Can you guys suggest some alternatives??

I figure DBM, Grid2, and some of the others I use will update in the next week or so and I can live without them for now. 




 http://voicechatter.net/

This is a shameless plug about a piece of software that I found about a year ago and have been using instead of Ventrilo for a while.  I became part of its community but wanted to share it here, as there seems to be a lack of alternatives out there.

VoiceChatter is an open-source VoIP client very similar to Ventrilo -- It doesn't quite have all the features of Ventrilo (primarily missing some of the fine grained room controls and such) but it's a decently polished voice client that sounds practically identical.

We could use some people testing/trying it out, as it's the ***ONLY*** fully cross platform VoIP software out there at the moment, meaning it has full server, and full client available for Windows, Linux, and Mac (Both PPC and X86 builds are available) and there are also some builds floating around there for ARM processors (for example, you could run a server on your DD-WRT router)

Also feel free to use the public server and the sandbox server to test things out or just use them as you see fit.  (They are both listed on the home page, the one on port 8787 is public, 8888 is sandbox)

If you find any bugs, or wish to request features, we have a forum for that and both me and ChrisW are happy to take any suggestions/feature requests/bug reports -- we're typically VERY responsive to anything on the forum.

The server software is very stable, we've had servers running for 2-3 months with no downtime at all under heavy usage.  We also include auto-restart software and I've developed some python scripts myself for mass server-hosting

Edit: We also need sound/graphic artists to help polish up the client with better looking icons and event notification sounds if anyone is interested. 




 I've got a 1200x1080 monitor I use as my primary monitor, and a 720p HDTV hooked up as a secondary monitor, but every fucking time I play a movie on the second monitor, turn my main monitor off (to watch the movie) then for example, come back to the computer mid movie and switch it on, it deactivates my HDTV, I have to Win+P it back into extend mode, un-fullscreen my movie, move it back over, re-fullscreen it and it gets really fucking annoying.

My Google-Fu turns up TONS of people who have this issue yet no answers to it that work except for people suggesting a registry value change (which doesn't exist in my registry and looks to be ATI specific....I have an NVidia card)

I'm honestly about to revert to XP in the next week if I can't get this fixed.  I don't expect I will but I'm holding out hope.

Maybe I can fix this via a hard-hack?  Are there some data-pins I can clip on an adapter (maybe I can buy a male/female adapter and clip the pins?) 









 Remember the days when LCDs were first coming out, they all claimed more efficiency and that you wouldn't have all of that *HEAT* of a CRT?

Well, I'm sitting here with a 21" CRT, and a 19" LCD, both of them have been active for the past 2 or so hours, and the LCD seems as if it's actually putting off MORE heat than my CRT.  (Even if it's not more, it's still putting off a *LOT*)  I'm in the market for a new monitor but I can't seem to find any information on which ones emit the least amount of heat.  Heat means my A/C has to work harder to keep the room cool, and while it may not seem like it would matter much, I currently have 4 PCs in the same room (I'm actually looking to replace all of their monitors) - and the A/C can have a hard time keeping this room cool at times.

Where can I find a good 21" or larger flat panel monitor (LCD/LED?) that emits VERY little heat?  Low response times are a must as well.

I secretly wish they'd release sAMOLED monitors already.  I'd be an early adopter. =( 




 I've been looking around, and have noticed that there doesn't seem to exist any kind of open-source bounty system or popular service to set these things up.  If some developer would get the PS3 Dualshock/SixAxis to work on Android, I'd gladly throw down $30 into a bounty of some sort.  Is there some way of "officially" putting a bounty on something that I could maybe charge to a credit card or something?  I would do almost anything to have a full controller with L1/L2/R1/R2 and a SELECT BUTTON...

I found Flattr but that's monthly payments, but hell - I'd setup a flattr account and set 100% of it to the developer of this for a couple of months. (Like $15/mo for a handful of months or something)

ANYHOW: I've done a little research into the matter as well.

First off - The PS3 has to pair via USB cable, or at least be set to pair with a specific device before it will do such.  Basically what this means is setting the Dualshock/SixAxis up with the mac address of the bluetooth device that it will be pairing with using "MotionInJoy" **via USB first** and the instructions I've found [Here](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=689984) under "Initial one time setup for PS3 controllers. (Note that the software (Cobalt) on this thread is for WM, not Android; but the instructions for MotionInJoy are for using windows to set the SixAxis to accept communication from your Android/PC/Whatever). -- There is also a Linux equivalent for setting this called sixpair.c;

Additional information can be found: (kernel patches, bluetooth patches, connect code)

[Here](http://www.pabr.org/sixlinux/sixlinux.en.html)

[Here](http://wiki.ps2dev.org/ps3:hardware:sixaxis)

[And here](http://python-ps3.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/python-ps3/bootable/sixaxis/connection.c?view=markup)

After the PS3 controller has been set, the rest is what needs to be developed.  The author of WiimoteController has stated that this would possibly require root to get working (Something about ports below 1024).  I'm also unsure if this would also need a custom bluetooth stack or maybe at least a patch to the current stack but maybe the CM6 devs would know a little more about this?

Here's some hints as well from the guy who is doing it on WM:

 Once the master address is set to your phone, pressing the PS button will cause the controller to send connection requests to your phone. Listen for devices, no authentication, with hid guid on psm 17 accept the connection request, then psm 19, accept that request, then write .... something can't remember... I have to go back to my code... to set the LEDs so they stop flashing and another code to tell the controller to start sending data. Once u r successful the controller constatntly sends packets of 50 bytes continuously describing the state of the controller, tilt, which buttons are down, up, etc so you just need to check for changes react accordingly.

I hope this post is coherent; on some strong pain meds for tooth infection :(

tl;dr: I'm willing to plop down cold hard cash for someone to get this working.  I've spent the time gathering as much information/existing code as possible.  I could probably buy a SixAxis and send it to a CM dev if that's what it would take.  This could be a real money-maker in the market as well... 




 I really don't need phone service, and texting I typically do through Google Voice anyways so; what options are out there for data-only smartphone plans?  Do *any* of the carriers in the US offer a data only plan?  I've looked all over and I haven't really seen anything indicating that they do. =( 




 We constantly go on about how we shouldn't pirate apps, and how we have no tolerance for it here in the Android reddit but I constantly see posts on "where can I get Swype" and then replies of "google for [x]" and even direct links to downloads of pirated apks.

I understand the frustration of not having it available for your device, but that is no excuse for pirating it or trying to get cracked copies, etc.  I really don't think as a community we should be tolerating this just because we disagree with how the company is handling its releases.

As a community we should encourage alternatives, or direct them to the Swype beta signup, and we should not be tolerating the replies from people suggesting and encouraging this kind of behavior.

Stuff like this:

http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/dcmq3/where_the_hell_can_i_get_swype_for_my_phone/c0z773e
http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/d6yh4/swype_for_samsung_i5700_spica_320x480_px/c0y0yt3
http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/d67gu/noobie_boobie_how_do_i_get_swype_today_site_says/c0xuz83
http://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/d67gu/noobie_boobie_how_do_i_get_swype_today_site_says/c0xvidn 




 As far as my own speculation goes I really think Google is trying to unify the best parts of each manufacturers device-specific UI and integrate it into the main Android distribution.  What SINGLE feature of these skins would you guys like to see most?  What problems do you think could be addressed?   




 I ran across a site http://www.javavideotutes.com -- and the videos there were amazingly helpful but the author seems to have disappeared and is no longer uploading videos.

Can anyone suggest something similar that has a linear progression? -- All I ever find on the net is fragmented regurgitated beginners tutorials; this particular site was amazing in the fact that he started from a beginning point and progressed through and advanced the topics as he went along... 




 I'm thinking of printing out some QR code stickers to randomly stick to restaurant tables, phone booths (if they still exist), or just other random places.  Initially I thought maybe it could just be something stupid like "For a good time, call xxx-xxx-xxxx" taking a page out of bathroom scribbles but I'd like to be a little creative...

Any ideas as to maybe some QR code shenanigans or even some ideas?  If you randomly saw a QR code at your restaurant table, you'd probably scan it just out of curiosity right?  How large would a QR code have to be on the front of a restaurant door for you to notice it?  I'm looking for high traffic areas, the content can't be offensive but would be cool to know who visited... 




 Sometimes I feel like the edit timer for the asterisk is too short =( 




 4 Days ago I posted asking what the best $200 Android device was, and there really wasn't all that much interest in the post so I just went ahead and bought a used Droid 1 for $140.  This is what I've learned so far:

The major problem with not having service has to do with the radio.  You *can* turn "just" the radio off with a special screen (\*#\*#4636#\*#\*).  What this does as a side effect however, is make it so GPS won't operate correctly.  You can do Airplane mode but it turns off your bluetooth as well at that point, leaving you with 2 out of 3 features available to you.  So ok, I figure I'd root, upgrade to a rooted 2.2: Bad idea.  Once you go 2.2, accessing the radio via the "special" method now activates airplane mode ANYWAYS, meaning I'm either stuck without GPS/Bluetooth or have a battery drain that I have to constantly manage.

You can also remove TelephonyProvider.apk and Phone.apk in order to get the device to quit searching for service however it seems that this also affects the GPS in the same way the 2.1 "radio off" version worked.

"So why not just leave the radio on?" you ask?  Well, because according to my battery usage meter "Cell Standby" at that point uses a significant portion of my battery.  Possibly moreso than the GPS uses when active.  Upwards of 38%, right behind the display.

I've searched all over in an effort to turn off the cell radio while also still allowing me to use GPS and Bluetooth or at least maybe disable the tower info it's looking for in order to get it to quit "scanning" for a connection when its lost. -- I'm unable to find anything.  (If anyone DOES have any info on this, I would appreciate it.)

On a GSM device I could probably just remove the sim card or modify the APN settings but no such thing seems to be available in this CDMA device.

GPS even without service (no connection at all in one of the areas I tested) works just fine (just has some sort of artificial limitation that the cell radio be ON), locks on within 20 seconds from a cold boot.  It's accurate when using no cell towers and when I am IN a service area, and have "Use wireless networks" checked, it will still use the towers for rough-location.

I have learned some other interesting things though.  Even without cell service, the Droid still communicates with local towers.  In the Phone Info dialog, when connected with said towers, the software can actually ping google.  I've got some testing to do but if I can get ping responses or DNS replies from any server I choose then it may be possible to communicate without cell service or even data service from Verizon. (however, very very slowly, it would be an ugly ugly hack.)

The OTA updates do not have any sort of wifi backup option to check for updates.  When disconnected and without a Verizon plan the Droid refuses to update at all.  I've had to manually find the Verizon update files in order to get to the point I am now (I actually ended up downgrading to get root then rom manager'ed up to 2.1 then 2.2 testing as I went).

Without phone service you'll also get the activation screen at every boot unless you specifically disable it via something like autostarts, and then it seems to come up coming out of airplane mode as well -- I haven't figured out how to stop this from happening yet.

If I forgot something that you might be interested in, let me know and I'll try it.

***Edit:*** Just spent some time where there was actually good verizon service, took airplane mode off, and reset my battery meter.  Cell Standby dropped down to 3% so a lot of this seems to be a non-issue if you're in the city or at least an area covered by verizon. 




 Now that we *actually* have search, I use it.  But any time I want to restrict my search to a specific subreddit, I have to search, then check the box to restrict my search, and then search all over again to get relevant results.

Could we maybe have a checkbox on whatever page we're on in order to restrict the search?  It might even put a little less load on your server. 




 So, I just sold my iPod touch in order to offset the cost of a "spare" android device, purely for dev/hacking/wifi-only usage.  I'm willing to spend about $200ish for a used device, but I'm not interested in phone service.  I really think the Droid 1 is my best bet due to the hackability of it, but it uses aGPS doesn't it?  Should I just wait for the Samsung PMP that's based on the Galaxy S? (although that breaks my budget by $50, it would be a new device, not used, but I can't know how soon/if it's coming out.)

On that same note, Craigslist is absolutely FLOOOOOODED with kiosk-assholes posting about flashing droids for MetroPCS yadda yadda yadda...is there a better (less spammy) place to get a used device?

I also know that these devices all use aGPS, is the Droid GPS fast enough at gaining a lock that I shouldn't worry about it?  Does the GPS **require** service to work correctly?  Are there any out there that don't use aGPS? 









 If any of you Android redditors wish for your issue to be taken seriously and not get overlooked by devs, quit using the issue tracker as your personal forum.  The comment section is there only for developers in order to facilitate information exchange, not your "me too!" comments and other junk.  The more you post these kinds of things the less likely the issue is going to be looked at by a developer because they have to wade through all of the nonsense that have nothing to do with actually solving the problem.

Please, just star the issue and move on.  When an issue has 200+ stars, and you comment, you're mass mailing 200 people and they will un-star the issue in order to stop the spam.  You are only working against yourselves by filling the comment section with useless crap.

Thank you in advance. /rant 




 Ok, so I've been doing my own little personal projects with python for about a year now, and I've recently got to where I would LIKE to make some stuff for Android.  Well, SL4A (ASE) doesn't have bindings to the GUI API for Android so that won't work, and SL4A doesn't actually seem to be in the market, you have to hunt it down to allow people to use it.  Oh well.  Next option.  So I figure, hey, java shouldn't be all that big of a step from python right?  Some braces, some semicolons, static typing, no biggie.  BOY WAS I WRONG.  I've become so accustomed to the cleanliness of Python that I'm having a hard time pushing to learn anything else.  There was going to be a Jython android port but as soon as SL4A came along it got canned, that seemed another option but it's no go as well.

So my big question is: How do you learn to cope with another language?  Are there tricks you can use to attempt to make something like java more...pythonic?  I'm running across things like

    public class main extends someclass (View view) {...

and

    private final static string notes="notes.txt";

...and thinking to myself, how do the people using these languages get by on a day to day basis? 




 http://www.appbrain.com/app/me.zed_0xff.android.alchemy

[QR Code](http://chart.apis.google.com/chart?cht=qr chs=250x250 chl=market://search%3Fq%3Dpname:me.zed_0xff.android.alchemy)

*I did a search restricted just to /r/Android and this game doesn't seem to have been mentioned in the past and I thought it deserved some attention.*

The game is pretty simple, it's really nothing more than combining items.  The hard part is figuring out all the combinations.  You start off with Air, Earth, Fire, Water; You can combine them to make different items/things and then combine those and so on and so on.

It's a very addicting game, you'll find yourself trying to make up combinations to try even when you're not actively playing it.

Do yourself a favor and don't google the combinations, its much more fun when you figure them out yourself. 




 There's always a lot of reddit threads about "How do I learn Python", and the ground has been covered quite a bit.  I've completed O'Reilly's "Learning Python" so I'm pretty much past all of the uber-beginner stuff.  Where are all the intermediate materials?  Everything seems to jump from "Ok newbie, let's learn loops!" to "Hey lets start interfacing with C!". Do I need to have an interest at this point other than just one of general programming?

I have managed to compile a few useful scripts with Py2EXE, and work through some of the problems that have come my way on that, so I made myself a nice little 'skeleton' project to package anything else I work on later.  I've also managed to use mechanize/beautifulsoup to scrape and automate a small web-based RPG, and that was fun for a while also.

I have no college education, I graduated from some po-dunk high school that had no enthusiasm for technology so I'm really behind the curve.  I'm kind-of interested in getting some GUIs working but some rather unwieldy results with Py2EXE makes me wary of the packaging process later.  halp! 




 Ok, so here's the thing, I'm always getting caught up in wikipedia and I recently ran across [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organic_LED#Disadvantages).  Which has recently prompted some questions, as well as some conspiracy theories.

1. Are there any browsers that will invert most of your displayed websites color themes, or possibly apply themes ala stylish or something similar? -- This is the quote from wikipedia I'm most concerned about: "[OLEDs] can use over three times as much power to display an image with a white background" (aka, nearly all webpages, apps, etc)
2. While the 'Live' backgrounds of 2.1 are really a cool thing, one has to wonder if Google did it because of said burn-in issue on the wikipedia page; Almost like a "screen saver" of sorts.
3. How much does the screen actually account for regarding overall battery usage...40%? 60%?
4. This also explains the "blue hue" that I've seen some users complain about.  The manufacturers actually produce stronger blue LEDs in the device to account for the fact that a lot of the devices out now will lose a lot of blue luminosity quickly. 




 Hardware Cursor in OpenGL...that is all. 














 I've only been an /r/Android reader for 2 months or so but I regularly see the same questions asked.  Shouldn't we put up some sort of FAQ section or...something?

Here's a list of the questions I see most often:

* Why should I root my device?
* Can I get X.X upgrade if I've rooted?
* What device should I get?
* What apps do you guys recommend?

Obviously if someone is looking for a certain *type* of app, that's cool.  I know we're a friendly community here, and it's also nice to have a voice, but really?  Maybe in this FAQ we could list some other common things as well?  A wiki would be nice... 




 I currently have an iPod touch; now, before you pound on me for that, I'll tell you that primarily I have it for my 2 year old daughter.  There are a bunch of good toddler apps on there that really accelerate her education, as touch screens are very intuitive for a child.

The point I'm getting to, is that there is an app available to jailbroken devices called "Incarcerator" which allows me to disable the IPT's home button (with a special key combination, like holding home and pressing the volume up key), allowing me to 'lock' her into a specific application.  

Does an app like this currently exist for Android?  If not, CAN it exist (are the APIs available for such a thing?).  If it doesn't exist as a global-hook type application, is it possible to build it *into* an app I create? (I'm JUST starting on android development; Toddler apps might be one of the areas I create in and this would be almost required)

I'm really not trying to disable anything other than the home, and possibly back buttons; anything that's on the front of the device that could easily be pressed by a toddler.  Preferably a global application.

This didn't really seem appropriate anywhere else; Sorry if I posted the wrong place. 




 I've recently gotten *back* into programming, and have been learning Python, but my interest has veered more and more to Android development.  Python is AMAZING.  Love it, can't stand semicolons and curly brackets at the ends of lines anymore, I hate parenthesis with a passion if they are overused and I've generally grown to absolutely LOVE the way Python looks and feels as a language.

But I really need something that isn't interpreted.  Not because I need speed, not because packaging can be a pain, none of that stuff.  I need something that can be compiled in order for me to run it on Android (potentially).

Are there any languages out there that have the feel of python, but can be compiled?  Strong, Static typing is fine, I don't mind defining the types of variables I'm using but I really would like to see if there are options available out there that could be used (even a language that perhaps has a converter to convert to C?) 









 I found this nice little tid-bit [Here](http://code.google.com/p/android-scripting/issues/detail?id=55) - It's just a single comment on the page about "compiling" python apps into APKs, and Alexey.Reznichenko suggests that the feature is coming in the next couple of days.

In looking at his [updates page](http://code.google.com/u/Alexey.Reznichenko/updates), I am noticing some very interesting things like: (Template project for creating custom interpreter APK.) -- there's only java stuff in the file being referred to but he looks to be a very active developer!

Hopefully I'm not getting ahead of myself in being excited.  Even if some unstable code is released I'll be more than pleased. 




 It seems like this fight between the two is going to rage on for a couple years, and it just seems that MOST mac users are a bunch of photoshop geeks.  Why doesn't Adobe just port Photoshop to Linux, drop Mac support and watch as Steve Jobs writhes in agony?

I get that Apple might create some sort of photo-suite but Photoshop seems to be the defacto-standard and a *lot* of people would start ditching macs (not that it's apples core business anymore however) 


































 Anyone have any burnt out boards they plan on discarding?  Obviously shipping them across the USA is more expensive than just throwing them out, but I'd like some practice diagnosing and possibly fixing them.

Printrboards being what I'm primarily interested in, seeing as they have on-board drivers, and are hard to repair if the driver blows.  They're hard, but not impossible, because they use the version of the A4982 driver that actually has exposed leads.

I've got nothing to offer up - and I figure this won't get much attention, and if the worst that happens is some downvotes, I'm still in the positive for at least asking.  PM me for shipping address if you are so inclined. 














 I think it was at an old E3, back when I was still into consoles.  Someone was demoing the graphical abilities of their console and had reported that everything in the video was done in real-time.

If I remember correctly, it starts out with this large robot in the center of a platform, doing some pseudo martial-arts moves.  Eventually the robot stops...the chest cavity opens up, and a girl jumps out.  She ends up standing next to the bot, again, doing martial arts moves, with the robot in the background copying her every move.

I thought it was the original xbox demo video, but for the life of me I cannot find it anywhere.  I'm looking for it because I remember being _so incredibly impressed_ and I want to take a look back to see how things have changed for me since then in regards to being able to criticize the environment.

If you know what video I'm talking about, any extra information to assist me in finding it would be great.  What console it was for, what event it was at, clarification on the events in the video...anything... 














 And isn't it kind of mean to make spike gag up messages all the time? 









 I've got a 120v (edit: 90-115v on the , 2.25hp motor from an old treadmill that I'd like to utilize for a small powerwheels project.  The thing is, 120v DC is a pretty uncommon thing to control.

What would be the best way to control this?  A custom H-bridge made out of power-mosfets?  Would I be better off with logic level fets or a gate driver?  I'm not really looking for any kind of PWM speed control, just forward/reverse.  If this isn't really feasible (or more trouble than it's worth), would it be suitable for a wind-power project?  Maybe hook it up to a suitable gas motor for backup power?  Project ideas would be helpful too.  It's got a pretty hefty flywheel on the thing - I can post pictures if that's of any help. 




 Hey, has this ever happened to you? You wake up one morning not feeling so hot, you go to the bathroom to get ready for the day, turn on the light, look in the mirror, and find that you have pink eye?! Well what you may not know is that most pink eye is actually caused by a disgruntled ex-Intel engineer named Greg who is angry that hell lacks solder. Every now and then Greg's ectoplasm stretches and he gains access to our mortal plain. He takes out his anger by stabbing people in the eyes with hot soldering irons as they sleep, thus causing pink eye.

Well, a study published in the peer reviewed journal 'The American Journal on Gullibility' showed that there was a strong correlation between soldering ability and the incidence of pink eye. The study found the stronger your soldering ability, the less incidence of pink eye you will develop. No mechanism has been found yet, but it is believed that a mutual assured destruction type standoff ensues, as Greg would not like pink eye on top of eternal damnation.

So if you'd like to reduce pink eye and improve your soldering ability, learn to solder 10AM on September 8th at [FamiLAB](https://www.facebook.com/FamiLAB). With the $20 class, you will recieve a free Adafruit MintiBoost Kit (Normally $21.50!) to be able to charge your smart phone on the go!

http://www.eventbrite.com/event/4112913836 




 Given the most optimized code for both scenarios, which is more computationally intensive?  Why aren't hit-spheres used more often?  Does this change between 2D and 3D significantly?

Edit: Mostly concerned with 3D implementations.  A cube vs sphere for collision geometry.  Not so much _how_ to do them, but some discussion on which is easier to implement, which is more efficient, etc. 




 So, apparently someone was looking for an Ear, Nose, Throat doctor.

http://www.reddit.com/r/orlando/comments/yg3fx/good_ents/

Hilarity ensues. 









 In the past, I was told about a series of scripts/programs that had the ability to take information and music from a streaming service (I think maybe it was spotify?) and automatically rip it, tag it, and organize it directly to your hard drive.  I checked it out at the time but didn't feel I had the need for it, and I'm having trouble finding it again.

Does anyone know anything about this, where it can be obtained, etc?

Found the program: It's called "Replay Music 3" - and what it does is records from your sound cards stereo output, and detects pauses in between songs.  (Much like MythTV does with commercials)  It then writes each "block" of sound over 30 seconds out to a file.  It also works on pretty much any and all music services that play through your speakers.  Pandora, Spotify, online radio stations, etc. 




 Are there any WMs out there that provide _just_ window border decorations and buttons?  Maybe some hotkey (alt+tab, etc) support?

Every WM I run across has some sort of application manager, or launcher, or other crap associated with it, instead of just...you know...managing windows.

Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions -- I found my winner for the time being.  In the future I'll be expanding PLWM, seeing as the default arch install comes with python already and xlib is tiny. 




 I've got some I2C and SPI devices, but everything I'm finding on this requires new kernels, etc and I really don't feel like mucking about with that.  Is there an image out there with I2C support already, and maybe a small how-to on interfacing with I2C devices? 




 I'm sure the idea behind it is stupid simple, I just don't think I've ever run across a circuit like this.  I'm screwing around with my Raspberry Pi, and have dismantled a mintyboost I soldered about a year ago.  I'd like to have 2 D batteries as backup to the mintyboost, and a wall wart powering the mintyboost normally.  How do I allow this to happen without discharging into the batteries and blowing things up?

Even a point in the right direction would help.  Am I going to need something like a voltage comparison to switch over, or can I do some cheap trick with resistors maybe?  I don't know...it's 1:15am and I can't brain right now. 




 Working on my 3D printer, I'd really like a small connector for the heater/thermistor combo, but the most compact thing I can find is 2x2 crimp pin header.  You guys know of any connectors which have 4 pins (2 for power), small dimensions, protection against reversed/misconnected ends, enough beef to handle a handful of amps @ 12v on 2 of the lines (like, 3A), and optionally, some sort of clip that keeps it from coming disconnected?

I was thinking a TRRS connector, and put the +12v on the tip (deepest ring on the female end) so that if it pulls out it doesn't short the thermistor? (thermistor leads are only 5v tolerant)  Though, even that is a little bulky I think.

Mouser and Digikey are clearly _not_ good places for browsing connector types.  Lots of miscategorized things, missing info (and missing info causes things to get lost when you start filtering) 



















 There's only a set of 2 poses from [kp-shadowsquirrel on deviantart](http://kp-shadowsquirrel.deviantart.com/#/d3k5wig); I already have those.  They don't fit my purposes; multiple obj files compiled into a single one means that they don't export into a single solid properly...non manifoldness and all.  If somepony knows how to union the "all-in-one" OBJ files into a single non-overlapping object, that would help too. (Gotta get them into a manifold STL format)

There are like 5 3D printers @ my hackerspace, and I'd _really_ like to find a good set of _manifold_ models to make a run of.

[Here's one of the rainbow dash I did in black ABS.](https://plus.google.com/104012815742569035024/posts/QWSyizpjMWo) (Rainbow Dash Pose 1 from kp-shadowsquirrel)  Unfortunately the non-manifold model causes hollows behind the eyes, etc which makes her very very fragile.  She's still in one piece currently (luckily).

Even if somepony who did clay models or something could scan their work with [123D Catch](http://www.123dapp.com/catch) that would be amazing.  (Bonus: Submit it to www.thingiverse.com so everypony with a 3D printer can print your model!)

I've already printed up one of these: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:21034 - Applejacks cider stand. :)

And if you 3D model other things from MLP -- such as buildings, I'd love to print those too!  My hackerspace has the Orlando Mini Makerfaire that we're setting up and part of the event is that we're going to have a "3D printer farm" just showing off things.  If I'm going to be printing all day long, I might as well print ponies. :) 














 So, last year I was diagnosed with Nodular Lymphocyte Predominant Hodgkins Lymphoma.  I live close to Apopka, in Lake county.  I do _not_ trust the doctors here, as my first radiologist wouldn't even explain to me the risks of radiation and gave me this "oh you're young, don't worry about it" attitude.  I moved my treatment to Shands up in Gainesville, and while I realize that yes, I probably have closer options, when dealing with something of this magnitude I'd really rather have the best people working on it.

Problem is, it's a 2 hour drive.  I've gotta be at Shands @ 11:45 every morning.  Mon-Tues, for 3 1/2 weeks, starting next wednesday.  I looked @ the Hope Lodge, but they require you have a 'caretaker' and they _lock the doors at 9pm_.  You're not allowed to have food in your little apartment area, you have to share a community kitchen where it's trivial for someone to open a glass-front fridge and rummage through your food.  The place has really crappy internet, no wireless, and all around just plain sucks.

I posted here figuring those from the area might have some better ideas.  Anyone have a mother-in-law apartment to rent out for a single month for 2 occupants? 









 When I setup nginx/compiled from source on ubuntu, the compile flags specified a user:

./configure --prefix=/opt/nginx --user=nginx --group=nginx --with-http_ssl_module    

How do I change the user/group, configure/compile it?  -- Running Ubuntu 10.04 




 I'm not quite a linux newbie, more like a novice at this point.  I'm running Arch, and I quite like the control it gives me over everything.  I'm also on a quite underpowered eee900a which, while fine for everyday stuff just kind of chokes on video, etc.  Since I'd like this to be a mix between some reddit browsing, occasional gmail checking, and actual learning, I'd like to be able to work mostly in the command line, and just be able to swap over to X when I start to feel uncomfortable.  I'd like to move as much as I can over to the command line though.  I'm a touch typer, and grew up on the dos command line so I'm familiar in the environment.  However, there are a couple of little niggles that I'd like to get out of the way.

First; browser.  What are some good command line browsers?  I use Links, but is there any way to get framebuffer graphics on a command line browser?  Maybe some javascript support, etc?  What command line browsers do you recommend?

Reddit client?  I've seen some reddit command line clients, is this worth even doing?

Text editor? - I'm not very comfortable with vi yet.  I use nano for editing normally, Is there anything that's more similar to the GUI environment where I can use alt + f to get a file menu, etc?  I'm not averse to learning vi, but it's taking me a little longer than I'd like.  I haven't figured out how to copy and paste things from one file to the next very elegantly. (read: at all)

What about multiple apps at the same time?  Do I use screen for this?  I'm starting to get familiar with it, is there something that others prefer?

Console highlighting - worth doing?

I'm using Wicd-curses right now to manage networks, that seems to work out perfect.  Any way of keeping data on-screen most of the time like battery, time, etc?

Is it possible to do 90% of everything in the command line? - the reason I'm kind of submerging myself into this is because I really need to be familiar with remote-control of linux shells.  I saw a command line "window manager" - it was similar to dwm, or...based off of it I think?

Either way, I appreciate any help anyone can give me.  The more familiar with the command line I can be, the more happy I'll be.  One day I might even be a sed/awk guru.

Edit: also, is there a way to get a higher resolution framebuffer?  I did vga=ask in menu.lst, had it scan for more codes, and I only get 800x600x32 as my highest available option.  I guess there might be a way to start X with a full screen terminal for higher resolution maybe?  Since I'm using a netbook, unfortunately, the resolution is like 1024x600, which isn't very standard.  Any suggestions here? 




 I'm of the opinion that things like LFG tool, Guild leveling, Derp-level pug raids have pretty much ruined the epic-ness of WoW.

Are there any recent MMOs which put some of this back into the game?  I am still a huge fan of World of Warcraft, but after TBC they reigned back the "High Fantasy" environment.  Things are, I guess, more believable/closer to Norse mythology, but it has kind of killed a very vivid storyline for me.

I very much wish to keep the swords/dragons/magic bit; I really dislike space/tech MMOs (Eve, and a couple I tried on Steam)

Any suggestions? 














 I've noticed skeinforge has profiles for a laser cutter, but has anyone ever done such a thing?  Full Spectrum Engineering are being real dicks to us regarding home-grown upgrades, insisting we buy a new v7 board and a bunch of new hardware in order to install end-stops (the only difference between v6 and v7 are end stops are broken out to headers).

Since they've been so unkind, we're looking for something to generate the gcode from SVGs and provide the control we have with their software through other means.

We do build parts for our repraps using the laser, so it is reprap related. :) 




 Not for me, for a buddy of mine.  I don't want a link to xda developers, both of us already know how to find stuff there.  I'd like some personal experiences with roms other sensation owners are/have run in the past.  Friend is having issues with HyperSensation at the moment, so looking to move away from that rom.

Not really looking for a full AOSP experience (Like peter alfonso's stuff), something CM7-based is best, and a working featureset as well. (No malfunctioning gps, etc) - Preferring a non-sense ROM. 




 I'm getting close to the point where I'm going to need a hot end for my Prusa (I'm building it closer to the v1 spec) -- Now, I've played with 2 hot ends so far; a Makergear hotend, and a Budaschnozzle.  The Budaschnozzle seems much better than the makergear, and I was told the reason for that is the metal doesn't travel as far up the filament and start expanding it.  It seems to need less retraction than the makergear, and oozes less as well.

Should I be looking for the least amount of heat-travel up the hot end?  What are some good mechanical properties of a hot end?  If there was no budget limitation, no engineering limitation, what would be the ultimate properties of a FDM hot end?

I plan on using a cartridge heater for the hot end, and oversampling (because the temperature gradient is much higher, and thus much easier to overshoot) the temp readings.  Good or bad idea?  




 Just got a lathe and mill (smaller ones) donated to my hackerspace.  Was hoping this was going to be a little more active.

Are there any other subreddits that deal with mills, lathes, and general manufacturing, etc? 




 I was going to write this nice little blurb here on why you should come visit us, but I guess our about page says it a lot better than I could: http://familab.org/blog/about/

Also, read up on what a hackerspace is!: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackerspace

We got a brand new space that is OVER 4000!...sq/ft that is.  We want to show it off.  We want to show YOU what we have in store.

The new space allows a lot more opportunity for us to teach classes we've wanted to teach for a long time.  You've seen me, or abyssknight post here telling you about our Arduino or Soldering classes, but we're going to be doing cooler stuff soon too!

Here's a quick rundown of some ideas we've had for classes:    

* Screen Printing
* Welding
* Laser Cutting (We own a laser cutter!)
* HAM Radio
* Analog circuitry
* Photography
* Python/Ruby classes
* NodeJS classes
* Metalworking classes (Lathe, CNC mill, Manual Mill)
* Pottery? (We've got a kiln!)

And some of our ideas for projects in the new space:

* Retro Game Night! (Original NES, SNES, Playstation, N64, Sega)
* Green Screen for video processing
* Wheatley-style service rail with camera accessible from the internet.
* Quadcopter battles
* Solar/Wind power
* DJ Booth
* Maybe let an artist come in and paint the interior?

The NEW address for FamiLAB is **1355 Bennett Drive #129, Longwood FL 32750** -- we're not at the dinky old 400 sq/ft place anymore!  We'll be holding our open house **December 6th at 8:00pm**.  There *will be cookies!*

Come and check out the new place!  We're super excited about it, but even if you don't plan on making it out, post here on any ideas or thoughts you might have, or what kind of classes you might be interested in!  We're all about learning new things, teaching, and providing access to tools most people normally don't have access to.

Also, this is for most ages!  Bring your middle/high school kids too!  We (and by we I mean one of our board members) also run a YoungMakers program which is geared toward teaching the younger generation how to make things!  It's fun for everyone!

We're on IRC as well.  Freenode, #familab -- it's where the most devious of our members hang out. :)

Oh yeah...and one more thing: [Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaacccceee!](http://spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccee.com/) 




 I've got the base of a McWire Cartesian bot made as found here: http://www.instructables.com/id/Easy-to-Build-Desk-Top-3-Axis-CNC-Milling-Machine/

I've got 2 pololu A4988s to drive the stepper motors that I have attached to the X and Y axis.  The thing is, a lot of the CNC software out there just bitbangs a parallel port for this kind of thing.

Is there any software out there that supports step/dir/enable line that I can load up on an Arduino to fire out some test patterns with a marker?  I've got limit switches I can install as well.

I'm planning on making this a 3D printer, + CNC dremel machine.
 









 On XDA development forums.  Not going to link in an effort to keep the less technically inclined from flooding them, or doing stupid shit with their devices they have no business doing. 




 Every curation of dubstep I end up putting into pandora for a 'station' focused on dirty, deep dubstep (datsik and the like) ends up giving me electronica, and rap-hop...

wtf. 









 Theme was a dark grey, with a thin brightly colored border at the top (it could be blue, orange, white, whatever color you wanted really), and at the rounded corners, the border followed the curve and got thinner until it was no longer visible.

I'm pretty sure it's a common/popular theme, but these damn websites for gnome themes are so horrible to navigate I've given up.

I'm actually going to be throwing Arch on my box again, and using pekwm/PyPanel, and wanted to recreate the theme for pekwm.

It was almost like this, but not rainbow, and it kind of curved down a little on the sides:

http://i.imgur.com/RA3ml.png

It may even be a default theme in one of the distros, I can't remember. 









 I'm posting this plenty early so nobody misses it.  Soldering is a skill that any respectable geek should have :)

http://learn2solder.eventbrite.com/

This is what you'll be putting together: http://www.adafruit.com/products/14 and you get to keep it of course!

The cost of the class basically just covers the cost of the kit which we provide for you... 



















 I've been using an ATTiny45/ULN2003 as a unipolar stepper driver for 12v, 0.8a operation.

Are there any ICs you guys could suggest for this?  I've seen many people say unipolar stepper drivers are easier to make, etc but all the ICs I can find are $10.  I've created this board for $1.50  Are there any cheap unipolar driver ICs out there that can drive 1.2A peak and maybe have step/dir/enable pins already? 




 http://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/StepperUnipolarCircuit

I'm using that circuit for some stepper drivers that I've made with attiny45s + ULN2003a -- they're incredibly cheap $3 to make per stepper driver, but I'd like to compress the circuit a little by hiding the 1k ohm resistors under the socket for the ULN2003.  Will 1/8 watt resistors fit under there?  Could I go smaller? -- I'm not totally against surface-mount resistors.

I'm using the top circuit, the 2-wire version.  I've been using 1/4 watt resistors (as is pretty standard with most things I throw on a perfboard) but there is no real current going through them.  It's just 5v logic. 









 Beginners-level documentation on 3D printers is...well...lacking.

Where can I find a rundown of what is going on with these things?

I hear all about different types of firmware, pronterface, etc etc etc but nobody's seemed to actually explain what all these pieces to the puzzle are.  It may be english to those who have been in it for a while, but there's no rundown of what does what?

FiveD, Teacup, Sprinter, etc...are firmwares, right?  They get loaded on the sanguino/arduino/etc?  The RAMPS board is just for ease of use with the pololu drivers?

Pronterface, ReplicatorG are the software for driving the firmware?  They talk serial to the firmware and send GCode? (In some cases a compressed version of gcode?)

How do you go about utilizing headless mode?  Which of these can handle different tool heads? (Extruder, Mill end, Laser cutter?) 









 I know that all the Arduino IDE does is basically add header files, compile, and upload "sketches" to the Arduino.  I'm interested in exactly what this entails and how I can set up an environment without the arduino IDE using an AVR compiler.

Does anyone have any resources on this?  What header files are added?  What compilers can be used?  What external program is/can be used to flash the ATMega328p? 




 http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5170/5239143959_ef66843ab7.jpg

It's the connector on the far-right marked ABCD.

...I found the header it uses, here: http://www.mouser.com/search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=538-26-48-1245

But I can't seem to find a terminal block that would fit that 3.96mm spacing in order to replace that piece on the board.  Will a 4 screw 3.81mm spaced terminal block work?

Something like this: http://www.mouser.com/ProductDetail/TE-Connectivity-AMP/284392-4/?qs=sGAEpiMZZMvZTcaMAxB2AM0YT%252bRZsuh%2fU2JmhF1L2cE%3d ?? 




 Classes are filled.  If you want to be waitlisted, please email classes@familab.org

~~Get your ticket here: http://orlandoarduino.eventbrite.com/~~

 In this "all ages"* beginners class, you will learn the basics of the Arduino hardware, and how to install and use the Arduino software. You will build simple circuits that can be controlled with the Arduino and explore shields that are available to expand the Arduino. Bring your own Arduino and components, or pre-order an Arduino Starter Kit which includes an Arduino Uno, a USB cable, a solderless breadboard, jumper wires, and an assortment of switches, potentiometers, LEDs and resistors.

Members of [FamiLAB](http://www.familab.org)  - FREE (does not include hardware)    
Non-Members - $20 (does not include hardware)    
Optional Arduino Starter Kit (from adafruit industries) - $45    

A laptop will be required to participate (in order to upload new programs to your Arduino). If you do not purchase the Arduino Starter Kit, you will need to bring Arduino hardware to participate. (I seriously recommend the kit though.)

If you don't know what the Arduino is, or even why you might be interested in this class at all, check out this link: http://hacknmod.com/hack/top-40-arduino-projects-of-the-web/ 




 Since /r/Arduino is larger than /r/Microcontrollers I figured I'd ask here.

Some people at my local hackerspace want to create a waterfall printer, but rapidly gave up after seeing that solenoid valves were $13/pop and we would require a *lot* of them in order to get anything decent.

We've had some crazy ideas thrown around, like modifying pens to be valves, etc...

Even if you think your idea is stupid, mind throwing some my way on how I might be able to replace a solenoid valve with some mechanical/electromechanical process?  The only requirement is that it needs to keep the cost down... 




 http://imgur.com/a/glxYC

No, it wasn't a leaking pipe either.  The previous owner (no idea why) had actually cut the pipe off flush with the concrete block wall, and then drywalled over the cut pipe.

As soon as I can I'll take some pictures, because the stove is in place, the outlets are wired up, the fluorescent light is installed again, and the countertop is installed (I managed to get the whole countertop for $50)...

I had never hung cabinets, laid tile, or most of the other stuff I did to get this kitchen back in shape. :) 




 Free:    
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.jrummy.liberty.toolbox    

Pro:    
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.jrummy.liberty.toolboxpro    

I didn't give this app much credit until I downloaded it today.  I will be removing Titanium Backup,  ROM Manager, and Font Changer in favor of this all-in-one.  On top of the stuff it provides from TB and RM, it also provides things like screen density changer, battery icon changer, font changer (with a pre-downloaded selection of fonts), zipalign on startup, boot animation disable/changer, ad blocking, set wifi-scan interval (saves battery)...

Just all around this is an amazing app.  Pro will set you back $5, but Titanium Backup + ROM Manager together would set you back $13

*edit: Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but it doesn't look as if the backup function actually backs up the user data, but rather only the apk?  So Titanium Backup is still better in this regard...but ROM Manager is $6, this is $5...so still something worth looking at.* 




 Could someone give me some recommendations for a solution to playing sound clips?  I'd like to play something like 20 sound clips, each 10 seconds (max) length, and be able to easily just trigger them via the arduino.

Just seems like paying $70 for a shield for the Arduino to play sounds is a bit overkill.  Surely there is something simple like this out there?  Or maybe could someone point me in the direction of an IC that might be able to do something like this? 




 http://familab.org/blog/public-classes-events/

FamiLAB offers some really awesome classes and host some amazing events as well.  Most of these fill up early, so I just wanted to post this up here early in case there was any interest.

We've got an Open House on the Tuesday the 6th, but if that's not a good day for you, there can be a time setup for you to come out that's better suited to your schedule.

FamiLAB is also hosting the Retro Arcade down at the history center through September 25th, so you can come check out the things we do there as well!

It's not just for 18-35 year old male nerds either.  Sept 24th FamiLAB is doing a soft-hacking class with computer-aided sewing machines.  While that sounds incredibly chauvinistic, there are men interested in this kind of thing too and there's a good sized turnout expected.  (This one is free for everyone, so come on out! -- signup is at the link I provided at the top of this post)

Some of the classes are free (to everyone), others are only free to members.  Come on out and meet us!  We're friendly people who are into learning and making.

Some other cool classes FamiLAB hosts:    
Soldering (MintyBoost kit provided)    
Surface Mount Soldering (advanced soldering classes)    
Arduino (a platform that can be used to build almost anything)    
And many more will come, as we're setting up a system for anyone to host their own classes...

http://www.familab.org for more information, or the link provided up top is a direct link to the classes we have scheduled this month.
 




 A lot of times once something gets popular, everyone just hijacks replies to whatever the top-most voted thing is.  By adding a parent-only comment view, maybe those actually replying to the OP could get a little more love for using the system as it should be. 




 https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adwfreak.launcher

Web-market doesn't seem to have updated the "whats new" section yet, but I just received the update a minute ago.

The dockbar that ADW has always had, is much like LauncherPros dockbar in that you can scroll it left and right, with the added functionality of being able to put as many shortcuts in the bar as you'd like.  Since this can now be set as the primary bar, those that were missing the feature from LP can now rejoice. :)

There is also a new folder and dockbar popup functionality.  Native system folders will pop up much like SiMi folder [Example here](https://www.gstatic.com/android/market/com.th.android.widget.SiMiFolderPro/ss-480-2-8).  And by adding a custom launcher action of "Show Catalog [X]" you'll get the same functionality. 









 The Teensy++2.0 seems to absolutely beat all over the Sanguino and the Arduino when it comes to flash/RAM/eeprom -- is there some major downside to this platform that I'm missing? 




 I'm working on a "RapStrap" -- a 3D printer that isn't able to print its own parts, but can be used as the basis to print parts for other 3D machines.  Basically enabling me to 'bootstrap' whatever next machine I decide to build. (Primarily also because I'm poor and unable to afford the proper parts for a RepRap/Makerbot etc anyhow)  Some pictures of *roughly* what I'm trying to build are located here:  http://reprap.org/wiki/WolfStrap-English

I built a 16"x16" wooden box, and to be quite honest, it was my very first time doing any type of carpentry whatsoever.  I'm actually very proud of myself for actually getting everything within an 1/8th an inch of perfect square.

Here's the result of just the box I made: http://i.imgur.com/C9ERR.jpg

Now, in the picture of my box, you can see the 2 drawer slides I bought.  Light-weight under-drawer slides.  They look about as close to the pictures on the reprap site as I could find.  After spending about an hour at Home Depot going through each of the slides and judging how much each one of them wobbled, these wobbled the least.  Well -- I'm now asking here for some suggestions.  You can guess why.  After attaching these to the edges of my frame, making sure they were perfectly parallel, and attaching the table as well, I feel that they are just *way way way* too stiff to be of any use.  I am going to be using the belt-drive version of this machine, so I won't have the added torque from the threaded rod. (the threaded-rod method has been reported to be way too slow for 3D printing, but good for CNC routing/dremeling)

I've started my own design in Google SketchUp and would like some input on it.  I've already burnt $10 on the (failed) drawer slides, so I'm trying to bump the DIY up a notch and create my own.  Shoot holes in my design.  Give me suggestions.  Here's some pictures: http://imgur.com/a/ShYSB

The idea is to take aluminum L-channel, and attach roller bearings as such that they grip the side of another piece of L channel, and also rest on the edge.  They won't be *super tight*, but they'll be snug.  Would it be better to grip from the outside, or inside like I have it?  Also, I figure if this design works ok, I can upgrade the edge-bearings to V bearings later on to maintain a little more stability.

If anyone has any better ideas, I'd love to hear them.  Amount of force required to move, and cost are the primary concerns.  I'd like to keep enough accuracy to print 3D objects but that comes secondary to everything else (because the more accurate you get, the more expensive you get)

A duplicate of this post is posted over on /r/DIY, but has had no answers, upvotes or downvotes even) after 12 hours so I figured I'd post here.  /r/DIY is more...home improvement-ish but I can't seem to find a reddit with a decent amount of eyeballs that would know anything about this kind of stuff.

*Edit: *I found at least 1 major flaw in my design: It won't work for anything except a flat axis.  No rotating it up, it would just fall off.  Argh; I gotta find something cheap, simple, and sturdy. 




 Palm-rejection is the ability for a capacitive touch screen to understand where the hand is resting on the screen and not register it.  For example when writing with a stylus, a capacitive screen without palm-rejection would think you had two fingers on the device. 




 Trying to setup mingw32 as the default compiler so I can stop doing

    python setup.py install build --compiler=mingw32

And so pip will automagically use mingw32 as well.  (Since it just basically runs "setup.py install")

Problem is, I've placed a distutils.cfg under D:\Python27\Lib\distutils and it doesn't seem to be picking up the change.  Here is the contents of that .cfg file:

    [build]
    compiler=mingw32

What am I doing wrong?  Should this file be somewhere else?  If so, where?  (Windows 7 if that matters) 




 I mean, seriously.  What...the...fuck.  I recently got "tagged" with this bug, and I am now sitting on a 2.1, stock, unrooted, 100% BONE FRESH SBF flash, and Android OS is sitting at 57% battery usage after 4 hours off of the charger and I'm down to 70% battery.  My battery doesn't last more than a 14 hour stretch anymore (I used to be able to go 3 days).

As far as I'm aware nobody has had this bug until 2.3.4; and it's really infuriating.  What the fuck could persist SO HEAVILY as to completely and unforgivingly stick to the phone even after a full wipe like this?!

I was on 2.3.4 for a pretty long time previously, and this thing hit me out of the blue one night, draining my battery fully overnight.

Now, I *have* found a way to mitigate this bug: Turn off WiFi.  There's a problem I have with that: I don't have cell service on my Droid.  I've used it as a wifi-only device now for a year and a half.  I have never, ever had the Android OS process use more than...maybe 4/5% of my total battery.

Sleep-modes for wifi don't help the situation either.  never, never when plugged in, and when screen turns off doesn't help at all.

Being logged into google services also does not matter in the slightest, this is a bone-stock restore and I've done nothing except connect to wifi...there is no google account even associated with the device.  Therefore as well, there is no syncing going on.  No latitude.  Nothing.

Can anyone suggest what the hell is going on here?  I just don't understand how this could persist through a full SBF flash!  What, if anything, isn't touched by a full flash?  And how could a 2.3.4 build of CyanogenMod trigger it?

*edit:* Why the downvotes? O_o 




 I keep just wanting to jump into the complicated stuff.  I'm not really able to keep my interest at a low enough level to work through the things I should probably be learning.

I've done a lot of random crap.  I've implemented camera systems, I've toyed around with motion, etc but never really put anything together.

Is there something out there which starts from the basics, with a solid set of goals/design parameters that you can strive to achieve on your own while working toward a more refined skillset?

Like for example: 

First game -- Implement a windowed game, with an image at the bottom controlled by keyboard, that will catch randomly falling objects.    
Second game -- Instead of catching falling objects, bounce a ball into breakable blocks at the top of the screen
Third game -- Implement a full screen game of pong, and add a trail of 5 balls to the master ball.    

In short...I need some sort of curriculum to follow, preferably language-agnostic, with a gradual enough difficulty for me to figure out new problems on my own 














 Doesn't look like your subreddit has any convenient links in the side bar.  Since I'm new to flashing the Wii, would someone kindly point me in a direction to get started? (Say, how to find out which system menu I have, etc?)

I just recently bought the Wii that I have...at least within the past 6 months, so I suspect it's pretty up to date.  What will be my options for breaking this thing open? 









 Long time player.  Played since beta, non-stop, through all expansions, waited in line for each of them except cataclysm (online distribution ftw).

When blizzard introduced the dungeon finder, as a tank, I was absolutely ecstatic.  Obviously verses DPS this meant no more waiting and I could instant que for anything.  Days and days of dungeon running went by, and I even rolled many many alts and geared them up quickly because I didn't have to wait 3+ hours in order to get what I wanted to do, done.

I was largely happy until recently.  Dungeon finder, over time, has caused a lot of the reason I played World of Warcraft to be diminished over time.  Sure, most people will say "WoW got boring and repetitive" or whatever excuse they may use, but I largely played WoW because I enjoyed the company of the people I met.

Lately, I realized (after quitting WoW just prior to 4.2) that I didn't have any WoW friends anymore.  And it was getting continually harder to make them.  All of the friends that I had played with over the past 5+ years were gone now.  That wasn't a problem in the past, because largely, I made new ones regularly.  Except now, my friends list was barren, filled with a bunch of names but all grayed out, all the time.  I played way more often than I had in the past recently, so...why was I so lonesome?

Then it hit me.  Even through the tediousness of getting groups together was off-putting back in the beginnings of Wrath of the Lich King, it also meant that in order to speed that process up, you would often need to keep in touch with people that were skilled and on at the same time as you.  As you ran more and more with these same people, friendships would grow and you'd have a fun time.  Oftentimes, this wasn't just how I met new friends, but was also the way that I found guilds that I fit in with.

Ever since dungeon finder was released, I had no reason to group with my friends, and my friends no reason to group with me either.  When someone wanted to get something done, they just sat in the queue.  It was often much easier to press a button on the UI and wait your turn.  Over time, I feel a lot of people who played WoW for the social interaction, lost touch with those friends just as I have, and quit, often leaving yet more people without people to play with.

The dungeon finder system was such a great idea, but ultimately it has a huge drawback.  You are depersonalized even moreso within the system because there is no need to ever communicate with the people you run dungeons with ever again.  This leads, ultimately I believe, to people quitting the game not because the game has somehow bored them, or because they've mastered it...but rather because there is no incentive for those friendships to exist.

After playing, non stop -- without a single months missing revenue from me since the release of WoW, I have actually quit playing and cancelled my account.  I miss it, but not enough to come back.  I honestly think this is also why Blizzard is hemorrhaging so many customers at the moment.  However, I believe there is a way to change it.

Blizzard has already altered the dungeon finder to attempt to find people from within your own realm, and match you with them.  This is a great start.  However I have a couple of ideas of my own as well.

First off, the premium-feature for RealID inviting friends to a cross-realm group to queue for dungeons, should be changed to a non-premium, and friend based invite system which spans all realms.  The friend system should be expanded realm-wide much like the RealID system currently works.  This will work for blizzard better than the premium subscription based service and will ultimately foster friendships and more people playing WoW.  This works better, because I feel over time, more people will continue their subscriptions, and also transfer servers more often in order to join their newly found friends. (Thus resulting in more revenue than the premium-system would bring in)

Secondly, I feel that grouping with people from a like-realm, should grant you some sort of 'head start' within the LFG system.  This may sound good in theory, but may not work in practice.  The first suggestion I had may solve the problems all by itself, rendering this idea worthless.

I also feel the fact that it's almost impossible to form a new guild is causing a lot of the same problems, but I'll save that for another post.

What are your opinions?  Have many of you stopped playing also because it seems harder to establish friendships within your realm?

**tl;dr**: Dungeon finder makes it less of a necessity to acquire and establish friendships within your realm and thusly  is making a bunch of people "bored" and quit the game because they don't have any more friends to play with.  Blizzard should allow cross-realm group inviting and cross-realm friends lists in order to accommodate new friendships.  **Without an extra $3.99/month fee in order to use the new cross-realm inviting system, and without having to use RealID (which random people from LFD are reluctant to share)**

*for idiots skimming:* I'm not saying dungeon finder is a bad thing (hell, it's quite possibly the best single feature that has ever happened to WoW at all), or *blaming* anything here...I'm merely saying they need to open up the LFD system for cross-realm inviting and they also need to make friending outright cross-realm as well for facilitation of that.  I've also done the raid thing basically my *entire WoW career*, I've cleared every raid WoW has available pre 4.2, to the point where the guilds I am in, log in on tuesday...clear everything...and didn't log in until the following tuesday.  You don't exactly make strong friendships in these types of guild.  It's raid...then you don't see anyone for the rest of the week. 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/iqwew/i_cant_poop_in_my_bathroom/ 




 Most projects, engines, bindings, etc seem to get 1/2 way finished and then abandoned.  Any articles that do exist are way out of date.  Are there any worthwhile game engines (that actually have some documentation?!) that focus on 2D?  Why does this area of python programming seem like a ghost town?  Is there something I'm missing? 




 or making an alternative to them?  I am far too stupid. (read: Uneducated in C, Pyrex, Cython, etc)  I managed to get as far as pyrex generating a .c file and then spewing 96 or so errors at me once I tried to compile it.

Initially there was an error, "Cannot assign type float to short" so I changed line 525 from

    decShorts1[i] = decFloats1[i]

to

    decShorts1[i] = shortdecFloats1[i]

in the speex.pyx file.  It generated afterwards, but fuck if I know if that *actually* worked or not.

Now I'm getting errors about missing python.h, bla bla bla, I'm sure I don't have the proper development environment setup for this, and I'm not sure I'd really even know where to start.

I know most of you are very busy, and probably don't have the time on your hands for such a thing for a lowly peon such as myself, and I don't fully expect anyone to pick this up -- but I figured it couldn't hurt to ask.  Worst that happens is I get downvoted into oblivion.

I'm using Python 2.7 on Windows, if that matters.  If anyone happens to take up the challenge, I thank you in advance.

Source available here:

http://www.freenet.org.nz/python/pySpeex/pySpeex-0.2.tar.gz

Or if it's easier, an explanation of how to compile this myself wouldn't be bad either.  Maybe I can trod through it. 




 http://pastebin.com/NcUURvXC

Am I doing this right? (Ignore Iterator...it does nothing.)

Is there a better way?

If I split MainMenuState/IntroState into their own file, would it even be able to find the global variable? (I know global vars are bad.  Bad bad bad...)

Can I allow my game states to change the state of the program without using a global?

Edit: If possible, please don't just provide a link.  I've read a bunch of different state-machine stuff and it's just not clicking with me yet. :( 




 Or is this something that doesn't work yet? -- I know Pyglet works, but I can't seem to find any information on getting PyGame installed (I've got pip installed, but it seems to error out on installing PyGame under PyPy)

btw: Windows machine. 




 EEEbuntu is pretty much dead (their repo has gone missing), so is the Aurora project.  I really don't feel like dealing with the hassle of running Arch on this thing, but what was really great about EEEbuntu/Aurora was the unified manager that was included.

Are there any distros that properly sleep, properly hibernate, properly turn off the synaptic touchpad when typing, support the multi-touch functionality of the touchpad (pinch to zoom, etc), can toggle wifi without breaking it, actually have the function-keys usable, properly shuts off screen when lid is closed, etc? 



















 The launcher is only one tiny little part of these manufacturer skins.  Just because you use LauncherPro, or ADW, or GoLauncher or whatever launcher you use -- doesn't mean the rest of your phone isn't affected by Sense/TouchWiz/Motoblur, etc.

When manufacturers build these custom skins, they change a lot.  They change everything from graphics, to hardware level drivers, to the phone application, contacts, the underlying framework, notification bar, lock screen and even running services.  The only way to get rid of these is to install an AOSP (Android Open Source Project) based ROM (CyanogenMod is the most popular). -- Even if you use a custom dialer, custom contacts, custom music player, etc you still haven't gotten rid of that skin.  It will always run in the background.  Since it's part of the framework, you can't even get rid of these things individually if you so wished. (For example if you got rid of the phone application on a sense rom and replaced it with another dialer app, your phone app would force close)

I've seen a ***LOT*** of people who don't quite seem to understand this in /r/Android and it just creates confusion and spreads misinformation.  I am just posting this in an attempt to clarify some android-related subject matter... 




 What's the best way to "broadcast" something to multiple classes which inherit (for example) a move function?

I'm trying to make it so in my RPG; if I press left, right, up, down -- each of the character objects gets passed in the event -- I am trying to be nice and clean with all my code, and I'm wondering if there is a way I can avoid having to call each instance of each class in order to send a message (so to speak).

Or maybe there's a way to get a list of all the instances which inherit said superclass and go through a loop to pass the event/message? 




 I've got a 2tb NAS box, that honestly, I just fill with whatever I can fill it with.  It's starting to get kinda full.  I don't know what to delete, or what not to delete and I'd honestly rather not even think about it.

Are there any programs, or filesystems that would allow me to just throw files at this machine and have it automatically delete whatever is the oldest-accessed item or maybe the least-accessed? (I wouldn't want it to delete a movie I haven't watched in 5 months, but that has been watched every 6 months for 5 years previous for example) 




 Disclaimer: Python/PyGame, Attempting to code a JRPG from scratch, No expectations on this being a small or quick project, No Engine, doing it for the learning experience.

I know how to animate objects in pygame, I know how to do graphics in pygame, I know how to do basic collision detection and have worked through so many pong clone tutorials now that it's not even funny, but once I start getting into object-oriented territory I find myself hopelessly lost and there's really not any good information on the net in regards to how I would lay out a fully fleshed out game.  Everything I come across is imperative programming, with no object oriented-ness to it except in regards to inhereting the pygame sprite object and animating that way.

Right now, I have a "Game" class, which has \_\_init\_\_, handle_input, update, render, and run (my game loop).  I know probably the first thing I need to start on is the game state management, but I'm not sure if I'm laying this out the right way.  I expect that I'm actually putting *too much* code into 1 class and not abstracting it enough.

Here's a pastebin of what I've got so far : http://pastebin.com/kQTR2mB3 (hint: It's basically just the standard PyGame skeleton and nothing else). The hiccup I'm having is abstraction.  I've done OO a bunch, but haven't really done much inheritance (at least, not within my own code.  Inheritance I've had to deal with was just inheriting classes from an API such as wxWindows).  How do I go about laying this thing out?  I haven't even thrown fill/blit/update/flip calls into my code because I don't want to have to rearrange it all later.  I'm not really caught up on the "how do I actually make things work" part...but rather the..."How do I arrange this?" part...

Any help would be appreciated on understanding how this is normally abstracted.  Ditto as far as game-state management goes as well...

As far as characters in the game world, I've seen things done a bunch of different ways.  I've seen one person code their main character, then abstract out NPCs and even sub-characters from the main character...then in another game, I saw the exact opposite.  A general "Character" class, with NPCs being given their own 'wander' AI for wandering the city, the main character also inherited this class, but movement was keyboard driven.  I like the "Character" class, with the main character inheriting and extending this class but I'm not even to that point yet.  I need a better idea on how I should be organizing to facilitate game state management, etc... 




 Just discovered these bad boys.  I am amazingly ANAL when it comes to box depth, the plugs sitting at the right depth, and the cover plate not floating or being tugged into the wall.

Have been replacing the electrical in this 1960s house in my spare time for about a week now (while also re-building the kitchen, re-plumbing too) and have now replaced about 7 boxes.

http://www.homedepot.com/buy/electrical-electrical-boxes-conduit-fittings-boxes-brackets/carlon-1-gang-21-cu-in-adjustable-electrical-box-182136.html 




 https://market.android.com/developer?pub=Emulators+Games

Shark SNES Emulator, Panther SNES Emulator, Hamster SNES Emulator, Eagle SNES Emulator, Scorpion GBC Emulator, Viper GBC Emulator, Tough SNES, Rough SNES, Hawk SNES, Jaguar SNES...the list goes on and on for about 7 pages

Looks like a target to avoid...

If any one knows of a good way to get this guy off the market, please attempt to. 




 There are some really messed up things that sometimes happen in the hardware with Android phones.  Things like the Xperia Play having a headphone jack on the side of the device (which makes it horrible for pocketing when listening to music)

What are some hardware guidelines that you would like manufacturers to follow?  I'll list a couple of my suggestions:

* Headphone jack on top (or bottom) of device. (Pocketability)
* Notification LED on all phones.  Nobody should be able to skip on this. (It adds virtually no cost and is one of the most useful features on Android!)
* If there's a kickstand: Charging/USB-port on top or bottom of device. (Putting the port on the same side?  Wtf is with that?)
* Recessed Sleep/Wake button (Prevent accidental power-ons in pocket.)
* A unified Menu/Home/Back/Search layout would be nice. (but not really necessary.)

For those of you saying Google shouldn't do any of this: Google already has both [Software and Hardware Guidelines](http://static.googleusercontent.com/external_content/untrusted_dlcp/source.android.com/en/us/compatibility/android-2.3-cdd.pdf) in place for manufacturers to adhere to. 




 I have completely forgotten its name or any portion thereof, the best I can do is explain the gameplay of it:

Back in the AOL days, when 28.8k modems were the best you could buy, I had what I'm guessing was a DOS game, because when I fired it up it swapped resolutions on Win 95/98.  This game was a flying game, but it was 2D, top down.  Graphics were slightly pixelated but you could have called them 'high res' for the time they were in.

The game was amazingly smooth, and a lot like

http://www.classicgamesarcade.com/game/21621/Raiden-Space-Ship-Game.html

But better graphics, the controls were WASD + Mouse (wasd controlled propulsion of the ship), the mouse pointer controlled the rotation of the ship (ship pointed at a little targeting marker), and there were maps you had to go around and grab keys, or destroy enemies to get to the next zone.  The ship could either grab powerups, or they were purchasable (I can't remember that detail) but there were a LOT of them, I remember that much.

A lot of the maps were jungle-themed...lots of trees, lots of little places where it didn't look like you could fly, but were able to fly 'under the canopy' to get to, usually by discovering the reverse side and seeing some empty spot.

Does anyone else remember a game like this? -- I've searched for 3 years using varying terms, and cannot seem to find anything even remotely similar. 




 Or anyone know of any libraries which would help me start making one?  Specifically some sort of speex binder library that's actually up to date? (The latest one I can find is nearly 8 years old.) 




 I "know" python.  I'm still an amateur but I'm nowhere close to freshly minted anymore.  I'm really interested in diving deeper but I don't have any itches to scratch (which has typically fueled my learning expeditions) except for my love of gaming.  I know there are a couple of things I need to learn if I want to be a good coder:

Code management.  SVN/Git or some sort of code management -- anything out there that isn't simply a list of commands but maybe teaches you some sort of work flow, how to deal with multiple maintainers, etc?  GIT is a preference, seeing as a ton of projects are migrating over to it from SVN...

Code organization.  Most of my code has been single-file, less than 300 lines of code.  I know that upon scaling up I will need to organize and learn how to utilize code efficiently across multiple files -- this seems like a deeper understanding of python and I've run across some terms that I am pretty sure are part of this, such as "name mangling" (in order to avoid naming conflicts I assume) etc; Any good resources for this or once my code just gets unwieldy enough do I just start splitting portions off into their own .py and importing them?

Math.  Gaming requires a lot of math -- I've done a bunch of stuff on Project Euler but none of it teaches me the concepts I really need, it just teaches me to think in a logical manner and figure out a problem.  Linear Algebra is what I've been told I need to learn (and obviously geometry as well later on) -- what is a good source for this in relation to python?

Other actual game-related concepts/methods of operation, etc -- I know about InventWithPython -- I didn't learn via that method so implementing some of the earlier stuff is a bore and it kind of stops short of doing anything interesting.  I will go through it anyways and code up the examples but where's the juicy stuff as far as tutorials, and learning online?  Tile-based map handling (both character restricted to the grid and non-grid restricted movement)?  AI?  User Interface?  A couple of ideas are an RPG (how typical of me!), I've also thought of doing a [zuma](http://www.popcap.com/games/free/zumasrevenge) clone, maybe a [PvZ](http://www.popcap.com/games/free/pvz) clone, or a [Robot Unicorn Attack](http://games.adultswim.com/robot-unicorn-attack-twitchy-online-game.html) clone...libraries with good documentation for this kind of thing would help a lot as well.

p.s. Posting in /r/Python because I tried /r/LearnPython and didn't even get the sound of crickets. 




 Upgrading the panel in a house from the 1960s.  None of the panels available had a main shutoff breaker in them.  Is it  possible to add one separately to the panel I bought before I go and start rewiring this house? 







































 Click the tag; it saves the URL from when you tagged them and you can go back and see why. 




 My issue with Tasker is that I just simply do not have a normal routine.  I don't always want X to happen when I'm near Y or similar.  Right now though, paired with AutoVoice, it's giving me a bunch of amazing voice commands, so there's that. 




 Stormreaver and Korgath are the two servers I played on.  My mage was in Death and Taxes   TFO on Korgath during TBC.  Both of those servers were focused on high progression, and were very high population pvp servers.  I semi-quit during Cataclysm, so it's been a while since I've played seriously at any level.  Dungeon/Raid finder basically removed most of my friends because they logged in, queued for DF/RF, and logged out for the week.  All of my friends became disinterested in hard modes or even normal modes for that fucking matter, because they had already seen all the content...that's all they wanted to do after all.  So I was left on a progression server, with nobody wanting to do progression because they already saw all the content!

That's my huge gripe with ezmode raids; a large portion of the population just wants to see what's new and then not go any further.  At least when that content was locked out, they were eager to earn the rights and the ability to go into that content to prove their worth.

Did it eat a lot of time?  Yeah.  But it made those accomplishments all that more worth while. 




 They did take 310% away. [[Proof]](http://www.wowhead.com/achievement=2144/what-a-long-strange-trip-its-been#comments:id=1695700) Turns out that in 4.0.1 they just simply gave it to _everyone_ and anyone with a 310% mount immediately got the master riding skill to accompany it without having to purchase it.

Also, people _did_ give a flying rats ass, I know because I'm not so short-sighted to forget the absolute awe that I felt when someone rode up to me on an epic mount for the first time.  Most of the population of WoW did indeed care; the whispers that I got _constantly_ over my gear are a testament to that.  Just because you never reached that level (because of lack of skill, or lack of social skills, whatever) doesn't mean that there wasn't a bit of extravagance to having that gear. 




 It's a good thing that I actually did my research on it before commenting then, so I don't look like an idiot.  Certain species of spiders can go a year between meals. 




 I've had _WAY_ too many instances of running through the woods as a child, and having an orb weaver plaster itself and its web right on the center of my fucking face to hate those suckers too.

http://www.northmyrtlebeachonline.com/uploads/user_12_/2013news/bananaspider.jpg

Though, the little spiky ones are cool, they're apparently orb weavers too.   




 Remember ladies and gentleman: The only difference between fucking around and science, is writing it down! 




 Oh fuck here we go.  All aboard the "we hate jennifer lawrence because she's too popular and she's really just fake-quirky"...etc etc etc etc... 




 Honestly, to all the spider apologists out there: Some species of spider can live for a year or more without a meal.  So, even at frequent feeding intervals, spiders probably only eat a bug a week.  Fuck that.  Not enough to earn freaking me out all the time.  Spiders will fucking die around me.  (Except the little jumping spiders, those guys are awesome!)

Lizards, on the other hand.  Now _they_ can eat a ton of bugs!  I love me some lizards. 




 Nobody cares about foozball either. 




 I skipped Cata and MoP because of this; with the button trimming and some of the other changes they're making, I might just start playing again.  Nothing will beat the nostalgia, because I'm simply no longer impressed by the expansive worlds, but maybe I'll be happy dumping my time into it again. :D 




 I do have something against people liking the game in a different way than me, when the rewards look exactly like the rewards from the more difficult version that I'm doing.

When people get the same art on their gear, as I do on mine, but in a slightly different color then yeah; I feel cheated.

If you walked around with Naxx gear on a server back in Vanilla, you were hot shit.  You got to show that off.  Now?  Nope.  Everyone's got the same fucking gear, with a different color (at most)

I'm actually really glad that they took 310% riding away from players who did the holiday achievements for a year.  I got mine by doing hard mode Ulduar, and put a lot of work into it - I got to hang onto that permanently, and that feels good. 




 Yeah!  Some of us _LIKE_ to listen to 10 commercials in between sets of songs! 




 I said I told them I'd break their legs; I'd never actually do it.  You can't say "I'm gonna break your legs" and not act like you mean it.  Then it doesn't get the point across.

Stupid fuck. 




 That's not how this works.  That's not how _any_ of this works! 




 I've been harassed by these people for years and years until I told them I will break their legs with a baseball bat next time they step foot on my property.  I tried being nice.  Sometimes nice doesn't work. 




 That's also a garbage hot end being used, which likely resulted in much more back pressure than modern hot ends have.  It likely caused the idler to be overtentioned just to get the thing to extrude. 




 Any family who had a household with more than 4 kids during 1940-1970. 




 Even 90 isn't a problem sometimes: http://www.thingiverse.com/make:63848 -- No support material on that print.  It's not mine, but I didn't take a picture of the one I made.

PLA, with a strong fan, can occasionally do even 90 degree, flat out into the middle of nowhere.  It can't be _too_ far away, but you'd be surprised at what the plastic can accomplish occasionally. 




 The thing is, games do it all the time.  In fact that's exactly how they manage to get all of their controls to look good on all screens. 




 I've often wondered; why don't more devs use vector images, and just use the devices resolution to "compile" the raster images on first bootup? 




 I do a 240x240 big gear every day, and don't get curling...though I'm not printing in cold weather. 




 Thank you!  Someone who actually understands how heat sinks work!  You can't just put thin fins 20 inches high and get any radiative effects.

You've got to have a thick base, with enough metal to literally sink the heat into (hence the whole heatsink name!).  Then you've got to have fins that aren't so thin that they won't conduct heat away from the block.

And on passive heat sinks, you rely on convection of the air being heated up in order to generate the breeze that a fan would normally.

Additionally, for a peltier - you're going to want something with heat pipes, that rely on the phase change of a liquid inside to increase efficiency. 




 Maybe if you're using some weird, chinese, not-really-PLA "PLA".  But PLA normally does not curl. 




 get yo' booty, on the floor 




 I thought a PN junction was basically just a diode.  They can have current through them reversed in order to reverse the side that cools, and it doesn't harm them in any way. 




 What? PLA doesn't curl...  




 Namecoin 




 You're letting heat creep up the heatsink too far.  Hook the fan up that comes with it, and never run without it. 




 And then when all the children move out, you're known as the crazy cat lady. 




  asshole owners that barely care for them

Ends up turning into a neighborhood of stray cats.  When they're not spayed and neutered, they multiply fast.
 




 And then you have a neighborhood of stray cats.  And then you don't like cats anymore. 




  someone is trying to protect this minor child

But I don't see that at all.  "this minor child".  "missing youth".  "this child".  None of this sounds like anyone who cares about her at all.  There's a _lot_ of disconnection in the wording of this entire post.

Something about this post just rubs me the wrong way.  I'm not trying to troll...but something fishy is going on here.  None of the wording, or information posted suggests someone who is truly worried that this child is in danger.  The whole fucking thing is sketchy.

 




 Well, honestly I've been saying "kids being kids" and also "this isn't _only_ the kids fault ya know"...

Bad parenting plays far more part in this than the kids being kids portion. 




 I **do** stand idly by and watch bad stuff happen to them.  You _HAVE TO_.  Maybe not so much in this instance, but this attitude is exactly what drives kids to such extremes; parents who are overprotective as the child is growing up. 




 I have two daughters of my own.  But I'm not so old that I forget what it's like to be that age.  Many people I know did cocaine, smoked pot, did a little acid for a bit, and we're perfectly fine members of society who didn't need a "treatment facility".  Fuck, I'd run away too if anyone had ever tried to force me into that shit. 




 And psychologically speaking, this is the reply of someone who knows it's the truth.  Act mad in order to deflect the subject. 




 She obviously isn't in danger as claimed.  She obviously doesn't want to go to a "treatment facility".  Sounds like a kid who's been sheltered from everything or not parented properly and is just lashing out.  Not to mention that it's a throwaway account, there's no information about her actually doing _anything wrong_... 




 I work at DeltaMaker.  We're fine.  Looking at shipping around 40 printers rather soon which I think should finish us up with domestic shipments, and have enough stock to continue building and selling.  We have enough margin to keep us afloat and I've made enough changes to the original development that it's a worthwhile machine now. 

Our biggest hurdle is that our machines simply take a long time to build.  We're working on speeding up the process.  




 The gradient on the dress is backwards.  Her dress is actually darker at the bottom, and fades lighter towards her chest. 




 You don't understand.  These people usually have lawyers on retainer and get off points-free.  Rich people don't live by the same rules as us peons. 




 Flash controllers hide that bit.  They write randomly across the chips, but that's not reflected in what the OS knows.  The flash controller shows the OS that everything is within X and Y.  But on the other side of that controller, it could be anywhere on the chip due to wear leveling, etc.

EXT2/3/4 already leave a little bit of extra space between files as is.  I know there are some "holes" in there.

There's no reason for me to actually worry about that bit...I was being pedantic and merely included it so people reading knew I wasn't completely clueless. 




 Likely you're slipping on a travel move.  Ever so slightly slipping.  It's because the printrbot simple uses those spectra lines on top of hosing; probably one of the first upgrades you should make imho.

Slow down your travel moves, and see if that helps the problem.  Then look into a solid solution by switching to toothed belts. 




 Thanks for the help; I figured out how to do it via DD, by limiting how much data it copied beyond the end of my partitions. 




 Turns out, shrinking the partitions, and calculating the size of the mbr+partition table+partition1+partition2, and using bs=1M and count=[some multiple of 1 meg] was the solution.  I was able to copy 7.5gb, all the way up to the end of partition2 and that worked. :) 




 and then I'm only copying 1 partition out of 3.  And you'll say "well copy all 3 partitions"...then we're back _exactly_ at the problem I described in my very first post.

Like I didn't already try exactly what you're suggesting... _

Did you even read it? 




 That's exactly the opposite of what he did.  You should really go back and re-read the instructions he posted.

How about reading steps 3 and 4?

3.Partition the destination disk into partitions with sizes greater than copied data and should be of same format and same flags using gparted. Please google how to partition a disk.

4.Now mount the freshly formatted and partitioned disk. Mostly you need to just connect the disk to system and you can find the mounted partitions in /media folder. 




 I'm running Linux.  The other people helping me are simply writing the images.  They can use Win32DiskImager - but it bitches and fails to even start writing the card if the image is too big.  So yes, this was a Linux solution, for a windows problem...because I don't use Windows. 




 You're quite wrong.  DD was the solution; I merely needed to calculate the partition boundaries and take that into account. 




 In my case, I simply resized the partition down and left a bunch of unpartitioned space at the end.  May not be the best solution for you though. :/ 




 Thank you; this looks like it's my solution.  Push all the partitions to the "front" (they already are) and then specifically set my block size to 1M, and count to 7500; which should give me a 7.5gb image.  It copies a little bit of the "blank" data but it's enough to give me the room I need.

Thanks! 




 _I'M_ on Linux.  They're using their personal machines with Win32DiskImager to write the image files to SD cards to help parallelize it.  I can't be installing cygwin to their machines for them to run this.  It's not happening, I cannot use it as a solution. 




 It is shrunk; dd still copies the entire device. 




 On windows? 




 I have 3 other users helping me flash cards (2 on windows).  They can flash an image to an SD card, but they wouldn't be able to follow those instructions for shit, and it would end up just being me doing 100+ cards.  I can't use that as a solution. 




 So I have the task of copying a master image of an 8gb SD card, over to hundreds of other SD cards.  The problem is that the cards vary in size (a couple mb smaller or larger than a full 8gb), and some of the windows utilities just simply refuse to write the image if the card is smaller.

I'm trying to grab an image of the card, minus anything at the "end", so that the image I'm writing is like 7.5gb, instead of the full 8gb.  I can't seem to find a straightforward way of doing this.

I've tried copying the first 512 (mbr/partition table) and then concatenating it with the partition images, but I'm guessing that doesn't work because partitions need to be aligned to the blocksize.  (After writing the image, it won't boot)

I've already got the SD card image so that the partitions are resized and there is ~750mb free at the "end" of the drive (I say this because I'm aware how flash controllers don't write data sequentially). 




 Is it bad, that even though they'd give me one for free, I still don't want the fucking thing? 




 As stated elsewhere in the thread, the blazer does the "dreaded X", which is a sign that it's too small. 




 @Portis403; the 3D Print Blood vessels was posted by "3DPrint.com" which the community has recently been found to be simply making shit up.  There was no research done.  No references in their article.  They are run by a set of brothers who have been knowingly spamming across the entire internet attempting to get their 3D printing "property" (domains 3Dprint.com and 3dprintboard.com) to be worth more money.

Unfortunately a bunch of places picked up the story without verifying it, but be aware that it's likely completely fabricated. 




 People who don't shop at wal-mart. 




 Honestly, the jeans look out of place and horrid with the over-tight blazer.  I'm not sure how they managed to select those two articles of clothing... 




 noun: nurd; plural noun: nurds
a foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is **boringly studious.**  synonyms:	bore; More **a single-minded expert in a particular technical field.**

\*\*looks at /u/dragon_nipples comment history\*\*

Yep.  You're a nerd too.  A pro-military nerd, but you fit the definition no less.  Socially impaired, obsessive over a single subject.  Welcome to the club, nerd. 




 We're already choking the hell out of these 2560s as it is.  Likely a bad idea. 




 It's not a Raspberry Pi rival until I can get it for $35 with the same or better specs. 




 At least he doesn't have a bunch of different saddlebags on there.  I laugh like a madman when I see a guy on a harley, with 6 different saddlebags on his bike.  Mother fucker, you should have just got a small car if you wanted to haul that much shit around. 




 That's why reposts aren't a bad thing.  Not everyone sits on reddit their entire 8 hour shift, every day at work.  People who complain about reposts are huge douche-canoes. 




 That's because you're now into fanboy territory and just because it's got moffat's name on it (or that you THINK it's a moffat episode without checking) you're immediately disliking it.  That's not how this works!  That's not how any of this works! 









 If you're using slic3r or cura as well; try out the support material.  It sounds like the print is oriented in such a way that it's trying to build a piece out in mid air, and it needs something to rest on that can be peeled away later.  KISSlicer isn't beginner friendly as far as UIs go; so use what you're familiar with first and determine if that's what you need for this print to succeed. 




 Skull above the teeth.  See that plateauing?  That's the result of your motor jumping to a full step position on the motor due to microstepping being unable to function for whatever reason.  Usually this is due to a mis-selected motor that's "rated" for 12v, and being powered by 12v.  For microstepping to work, we actually use motors rated for 2v or so, and run them at 12v, but chop the signal up so that there's not too much power going through the motor.  That allows us to get intermediate steps between the full 200 steps.  Gives us smoother lines, better resolution, etc. 




 Well; depends.  What stepper motors are you using?  Ideally they should be "rated" for 2-4v   1.5-4ohm.  If the motors you're using say they are "rated" for 12v, and are 15-30ohm then simply swapping out for the correct motors will fix it.  Also, which machine is this on?  Kossel or Prusa i3?  If it's on the Delta; increasing your delta_segments_per_sec will help increase the quality of the print.  (Also able to create these types of patterning) 




 ZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4ya 














 Any recommendations?  I couldn't find a subreddit that I felt comfortable asking in short of this one.

I recently got hooked on these: http://www.amazon.com/Pringles-Honey-Butter-Stix-Ounce/dp/B00BFN0EJI - and they have just a very concentrated butter/honey flavor with bits of salt.  I can't really find very many buttery flavors out there that sound like what I'm looking for. 





























 Seen _MANY_ of the things I've replied to go from 5 upvotes, to hundreds more, without so much as even a downvote to my reply... 









 I'm working on a project building a 3D printer with a 405nm 20mw laser.  However, the diode puts out an elongated beam.  When focused, it's difficult to tell, but will result in the print in UV reactive resin being less accurate in one axis.  Are there any common cylindrical lenses which I can use in the housing to help shape the elongated beam into a sphere or would I be better off using a beam-mask before the focusing lens? 









 I'm kinda iffy over the eVic after seeing so many harsh reviews on it.  Loose ring, shutting off when battery is 45%, etc.  Are there any other options that have VW+VV, Ohm checker, built-in charger (don't want to have to carry around a wall charger everywhere I go, but I've got USB ports everywhere)?

Also, are there any kind of open source electronics for maybe building a box mod?  If there's something like the eVic's internals, I'd love to fiddle with that.  Also, are there any reputable places which sell "eGo heads" or something similar for tinkering?  I'm very familiar with Atmel microcontrollers, board design, etc and I'm interested in creating something that has some experimental ideas or has the ability to be reprogrammed for other people to attempt their ideas.  (Coil power curves, and the like) 




 What properties do chemical additives need to have in order to be vaped?  Are there any other chemicals that have been tried?  Obviously pot has had the oils extracted and used.  Are there any places that sell caffeinated e-juice or experimental juices like this? 




 I know a lot of bitcoin enthusiasts are more interested in the profit, but I'm very deeply interested in how you find the correct hashes, etc.

Anyone know of a good video, or detailed breakdown of how a pooled system works?  (Primarily, avoiding calculation duplication, etc)  Would really like something that shows some example data. 




 I've been a Florida resident my whole life, but never got to go to Disney until just a couple months ago.  My 5 year old daughter _loves_ Magic Kingdom and we're finishing up our 3-day passes this Thursday.

I plan on possibly going again this year, but what is the best time to do that?  When is the park the most empty?  And is Epcot good for a kid who absolutely can't get enough of the rides?  She loved the little roller coaster @ Magic Kingdom so much that she cried when she had to get off...

Any other places that could be recommended that are focused on rides? 




 A while back, maybe 2 years ago, I was working on a JRPG, but got caught up with state machines.  My hangup was getting everything modular and able to be extended properly, etc.  Yes yes, I know I know...typical move...jump into programming wanting to make a big project like an RPG; I fell right into that trap.

Recently, a post that included a link to here: http://hub.tutsplus.com/categories/game-design/articles/gamedev-6676-how-to-build-a-jrpg-a-primer-for-game-developers got me re-interested.

I was also interested in Python on Android at the time, and had basically gotten this far: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKrlPS8J0fA

I had a character moving around on the screen, and was working on tilemapping.  The other thing I was working on, was a state machine, so I could break apart the game into different files (instead of one single file like I had been doing for so long).

I got as far as this: http://pastebin.com/mC5ugQcs

A year later, I'm back looking at the code, and also looking at the "How to Build a JRPG", and am noticing that it looks like I'm doing something similar to what his very first example of a state machine is doing.  A big problem also is that I used to understand the code before, but now I'm kind of flabbergasted by it.  I'm not sure how it works anymore (it was still a _little_ bit magic when I had help making it).  I understand what super() is doing, it's calling the inherited \_\_init\_\_ even though I've overridden it.  The problem I'm having is with the magic of StateManager.

I'd like to turn it into something like his second example, but the pseudo-code he's using is also throwing me for a loop, I'm not used to using map or what it does.  I like the idea of just having states that I can append to a list, and then pop off but is there a way to modify that list inside the scope of a class?  I fear using a global list is not the way to accomplish this.  I've also been kinda iffy about states returning other states...at some point wouldn't I hit a recursion limit?  I'd like to be able to pop the state off of the stack so it doesn't have to know what other point it came from or where it's going to.

Also, I would like to break this all into separate files, so a new state can be added by making a new file in a directory.  All I need to do for this is add an init.py in a subdirectory, and then import [subdirectory] right? 









 The file I need 2 of is here: https://raw.github.com/josefprusa/Prusa3/master/single_plate/src/frame/6mm/Prusa3ALU-FREZOVANY-v4.dxf (right-click, save as)

What's the cheapest I could get something like this?  Any shops have scrap and some extra time?  It could probably be CNC routed too, but there are a bunch of small holes, and would probably require extra setup.

I believe the plate is like 20" (500mm-ish) square and needs 6mm thick aluminum (or something close to that thickness anyhow) 



















 FamiLAB, a hackerspace in the greater orlando area, is toying around with offering a semi-annual 3D printer workshop, in which you work with a bunch of other people, get assistance assembling a kit-based printer, as well as education on how they work, how to tune them, how to use the software, etc.

If there is an interest in such a thing, would $400 be something you'd be willing to drop a couple weeks in advance of the class/workshop?  The cheapest kits out there right now are $399 (currently the printrbot jr: http://printrbot.com/shop/printrbot-jr/) so you'd be getting quite a value with the help you'd receive.  The kit comes with a little bit of plastic to print with, and you'd leave with a fully working machine and a good understanding of it.

*edit:* Right now I'm unsure of how much time this would all take.  Would 4 hours for 2 days (total of 8 hours) be too long? 




 Looking for a suitable H-bridge (or Dual H-Bridge) driver for a remote control car project, but I don't want to spend $60 on an ESC because i'll be pairing it with a microcontroller anyways, and all of the ESCs I've run across already have an AVR built onto them.  What are my options for a  15A, 7-18v H-bridge?  I see millions of L298s floating around, and I even _have_ one of these packages, and it's not suitable for my purposes (overheats and goes into thermal shutdown).

Would an ESC still be a better option?  What chips would you recommend? 







































 They've gotten pretty terrible too.  BPM plays, maybe a total of 20 different songs.  If you're in the car for an hour, you're bound to hear a song twice it seems. 




 30 minutes for me and heard "All About That Bass" 3x... :/ 




 Hopefully!  Go save Robin Williams! 




 A better life hack: Don't use electric yard tools. 




 Given the incredibly BAD things Verizon has been fighting for, I sincerely wish for people to get away from Verizon as quickly as possible. 




 You enable it on a per trip, per person basis.  




 Waze routed me around it. 




 Not only deep into the flesh, but the wider surface contact of a key does indeed also lower the resistance of skin. 




 There's vomit on his sweater already... 




 Now to paint it like the ghost busters car!

http://www.athensbooksblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/ECTO-1-beginning-of-Ghostbusters-II.jpg 




 But you're talking about video-rendering here.  Editing video is extremely processor intensive, even stupid things like making a section of the video slow motion.  It's like saying that you want to build and design 3d models of houses on your 4" phone.  You might be able to do it, but nobody in the real world will take you seriously about it. 




 Why in fucking hell would you want to edit movies...on a smartphone? 




 And we _HAVE_ solar/wind/hydroelectric, etc already.  We need to focus on utilizing those.  What is with the blind pro-nuclear stance that reddit has? 




 I don't mention the accidents with coal because it's pretty much a given that coal needs to be replaced.  Did the downvote brigade think I was pro-coal or something?!  The fuck?

No.

I believe that renewable sources of energy are our future.  Nuclear isn't renewable.  We're just trading one non-renewable resource for another non-renewable resource. The quantity of nuclear reserves is as finite and limited as that of fossil fuels. Uranium Institute figures estimate the total world recoverable resources of uranium at 3,256,000 tons. Existing power plants operational worldwide require 53,000 tons of uranium a year to produce roughly 12% of the total world power requirements. The total resources will be sufficient to meet current and anticipated demand for only 42 years. 




 That was exactly my point, and exactly what I said.  I said our governments and corporations do the minimum needed to ensure safety and ultimately we can't trust _THEM_.  Nuclear, if done right, is fine.  But apparently there's a paid-for pro-nuclear brigade on reddit who downvote in droves instead of discussing this simple fact.

Out of 435 Nuclear plants in the world, we've had 3 major disasters.  Nuclear only accounts for 12% of the worlds electricity generation.  Coal has 40%.  So going by our current batting average here, if we were to somehow take Nuclear and bump it up and totally take over coal, so that Nuclear was 52% of the worlds energy generation - statistically we're likely to have about 10 more incidences in the time it takes to bring that energy online.

Obviously, things will get better.  I get that.  But when things go bad, they fuck things up on a global timescale and not a human-generation timescale.  We ruin land, in a practical sense, "forever". 




 In 50 years, we've had 3 major accidents.  How long until one of those contaminates a large freshwater supply?  

 and require multiple levels of precaution to fail

And yet they still fail.  Producing disastrous consequences each time.  Consequences that do not last a short timeframe.  When was the last time you heard of a windmill killing thousands of people?  Solar?  Ever? 




 They SHOULD be hesitant!  Our governments and corporations do the minimum needed to ensure safety, and when these things go it's not "oh, wait 100 years"...it's "oh, wait 2,000,000 years".  Enough of these happen over time, and we're fucked. 




 Do not get a knockoff.  They are fucking TERRIBLY made.  Seriously.  The extra $20 is worth the hours and hours of bullshit that you'll put up with with a knockoff.  I mean, reifsnyderb even puts out _full schematics!_ and they still can't manage to clone them right... 




 So, as far as the pick   place bit goes; you can solve the alignment issue by bumping the part up against a flat on the machine.  You should have enough vacuum to keep the part on the placement head, and it will straighten and put the part in the exact same spot every time if you bump it on both axis. 




 Go with a (genuine) J-head if you're planning on only doing ABS/PLA.  E3D if you plan on ever experimenting with Polycarb, etc. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/LakeLaogai    
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m34w3lIRM91qhpw93.gif 




  On screen keyboards were NOT the default before the iPhone

Bullshit calling on Line 4, it's for tekdemon!

My Dell 4" Windows CE had, by default, an on-screen keyboard in 2005.  And capacitive touch.  And windows machines since 95 have had a on-desktop grid layout of icons.  It was all there...nothing new.  Just put together in a shinier package.  It also had handwriting recognition, T9, etc. 




 Horse-face. 




 The brainwash here is so, so terrible.

Steve Jobs didn't create anything.  All of the technologies existed before the iPhone, there were devices previous to it that were very similar.  He was merely good at pretending that he had invented something and marketing it well.  The market was already moving in the direction that the iPhone took it, it was just lumbering along about it.  Steve may have sped up this process, but he sure didn't create it. 




 Sooo... The Master? 




 Seriously, html5 "gifs" are awesome. 




 Why would it need one?  Ever need to back up, you just get out and pull the back end around. :D 




 Actually yes.  Yes it does.  I know at least 2 people who wear their Ushankas around on a somewhat regular basis, with casual clothing (they usually match it up with plaid shirts and an overcoat) - like diis: http://www.rabbity.co.uk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/4094075798_db7ca85554_b-620x310.jpg

It's totally, a rule or something.  You have awesome hats, you must wear. 




 /u/space_penguin is the guy. 




 She suffers from a bad case of BRF. 




 Here's another mirror, just in case: http://imgur.com/YA5bZMt.jpg 




 Probably by buying a new device.  They stopped updating the IPT2g a long while ago. 




  some 5V inputs will accept 3.3V as a high

That's exactly what I said... lol 




 Check to see if your 5v IC supports 3.3v logic levels.  Some do.  All depends on if you need to output _to_ the IC, or input from the IC. 




 I also have a 2012 Nexus 7 and the thing works spectacularly still.  It's basically Nexus or near-nexus devices for me since the beginning.  My Moto G is even a GPE edition. 




 So, the Vibrant is basically a Nexus S in an earlier package.  The iDevice I had was an iPod Touch from around the same time, which ended up not being able to download or install anything from the app store whatsoever. 




 As someone who's owned both within the same generation, I've watched iOS devices slowly become useless (literally, to the point of not being able to run any apps on the app store), while I've got my 4+ year old Galaxy S Vibrant on Android 4.4 and running modern applications. 




 I was more annoyed at the pronunciation of "Auto".  This guy says it like "Ow toe" 




 Toll roads.  _every_ fucking road, would be a toll road.  Instead of paying for it upfront, the private sector would build it alright...but they'd make billions and billions more charging people for it and keeping it minimally upkept.

In the beginning, it would be a lot of separate companies.  But slowly, and surely, as capitalism has shown will always happen, the money pools to the top and eventually only 1 company would own the roads.  They'd have free reign to decide who could and couldn't use them, raise prices, and completely destroy your life if you somehow managed to piss them off.

You see this shit over and over and over.  Pure capitalism just simply doesn't work.  You need a balance between things. 




 As far as languages go, English is always the best to use for titling something that is going to be used worldwide, and especially so regarding anything internet related.

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_used_on_the_Internet    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers 




 On top of this, it isn't just the on/off clicks either.  Some units with variable power control will actually PWM the coil in order to change the wattage. 




 What will this do to other devices that use an antenna, or a coil, like NFC?  Can it induce a charge in them and potentially harm them?

Because I'd really like to see wireless charging and NFC living side by side, and not one or the other. 




 I mean, it's used in Samsung devices - But seeing as Google has a grip over Samsung right now, I don't think they want to owe them anything. 




 Yeah, I did a little research on this.  Apparently they do not have a "stable" version yet.  It's still experimental/unstable at this point in time.  (i.e. they're not going to absolutely trust data on it) 




 None that I know of.  I rent a VPS and my own OpenVPN server off of that. 




 Looks like the text was loading up, but it's all white on white. 




 Patents, licenses, etc. F2FS was made by Samsung iirc 




 Some. People. Are. On. Mobile. (and the sidebar isn't readily visible)  




 Can't read this at all on mobile.  




 Could also be debris from your extruder drive depositing old filament into the roll.  That pattern is awfully uniform, I bet it matches the circumference of your drive wheel or some other wheel circumference. 




 Unlikely to change.  It's going to take an entire blanket of regulation in order to get them to do such things.  Education is the best course of action.  Encrypting more of your data, hiding it, obfuscating it, making packets indistinguishable from others.  Just going to need to roll in the cost of a non-logging VPN to your internet in order to get the full speed out of it.  That seems to be the reality of it right now. 




 That's exactly the point.  And he didn't shine as a doctor because of it. 




 Check the travel time of the packets.  Ping sites such as yahoo.com, google, and then something obscure that you use.

If the ping isn't high; try running your connection so it's routed through a VPN.  If the speed jumps up by encrypting your connection, then you've got a pretty good case to say they're throttling you. 




 It's actually quite on topic.  The normal Windows shell won't allow you to do the things like OP is looking to do (colored characters, etc).  So in addition to OP asking "how would you do that"...I'm simply appending the question "on windows"...because it's easy as hell on Linux with a bash terminal.  Not so easy on the Windows side. 




 bur (am I doing this right?) 




 Another, related question: Getting a terminal that's worth a shit in windows?  Without going through a full cygwin install?  Maybe some way of packaging a terminal application in the python executable with busybox? 




 Can you do that?  Just call dibs like that? [](/woonapounce "If so, I call his PC!") 




 I think that's an OR thing.

3x the energy density OR reduce size and weight.  (Or some variation in between)  Because if you could do both, then you could obviously scale up to the same size, and get 4x, or 5x the energy density...and there's no reason they wouldn't be saying that if it were the case. 




 I feel like any respectable tattoo shop would just simply say "No.  I'm not going to do this tattoo."

Sure, it's her body; whatever.  But there should really be some professionalism in just simply refusing shit that is obviously a bad idea. 




 Honestly, being a fan of the show certainly shines through when a new actor takes the doctors place.  Tennant was a good example of this.  As was eccleston. 




 That's because David is best pony.[](/whooves) 




 I must also mention grabcad - It's less for 3D printing and more for _actual_ manufacturing, but occasionally you can find some really cool things to print there. 




 Not only that, but their parent company - Stratasys - is suing Afinia in court, _right now_.  MakerBot _IS_ Stratasys.  And Stratasys is doing their best to stop others from innovating.

3D printing is not popular due to Stratasys, 3DSystems, etc.  It's popular because of the Reprap movement and the ability for people to 3D print without gigantic inflated, patent guarded profits attached to it. 




 [Mark Kirk](https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00012539 cycle=2014) 




 I get it now.  What this boils down to is confirmation bias.  The whole makerbot apologist side that you've taken clearly shows that.  It's sad that people take this route now.  "You think any other company is different?"...yeah.  I do.  Have fun defending MakerBot, you get what you deserve on this one. 




  People need to actually READ that patent they filed

This shows just how ignorant you are of the whole matter.  It's not just 1 patent.  It's close to 20 of them, and growing weekly.  They even had a job opening in their company for a 'patent harvester', and described the position as someone who was able to take ideas from the community and turn them into patentable works.  I'll see if I can find the waybackmachine of it and post it here for reference.

Found it: https://makerbot.applicantstack.com/x/detail/a2m4ro95lbqq

 coordinate invention harvesting and invention disclosures for potential patent application filing, including conducting patentability searches 




  Makerbot, [...] forced some real quality control in the market

....you're joking, right?  Are you being purposely ignorant, or are you just forgetful?  The rep2 was a terrible machine from the get-go, and most people, the first thing they had to do was print upgrades just to use the machine for any extended period of time.

On top of that, they had like 3-4 generations of complete bullshit, and lack of support.  Plenty of time to ponzi-scheme their way to success.  My guess is that you weren't in "the field" so to speak when the MakerBot cupcake was released.

Ask anyone who's been doing this for more than the past year, what bullshit MakerBot has pulled, how terrible their printers are/were, and about the complete lack of care for their customers (not like that's changed either though!  If you use anything other than MakerBot branded filament in their printers now, your warranty is null and void). 




 I'll agree on that point, mostly.  That's why I point the general public (in that price bracket) to the UltiMaker or UM2 mostly.  Yes...I point people to the UltiMaker as a DeltaMaker employee.  :D  I don't have any allegiances except for what pushes the 3D printing community forward.  When I feel our machines compete on a level that I can feel good about, then I'll recommend our machines. 




 Hey, but at least MakerBot isn't stealing their work and attempting to patent it, so there's that.  I'd take a Kickstarter printer over a MakerBot any day. 




 "Behind Schedule" - Sorry, but when you're doing renovations, there's not really a schedule that you can fall behind.  There's almost always going to be shit you find done incorrectly behind the walls, or something you've forgotten. 




 Ya know, when I see pictures of women, they have a set of tits.  Not boy-chest.  And you're the one who said she looked better as a boy. 




 It's almost like you're not even looking at the same picture as everyone else... 




 Only if you like prepubescent boys with long hair. 




 **[FEDORA TIPPING INTENSIFIES]** 




 I say that because the edit doesn't exactly clarify anything, and still makes it seem like we're not OK.  We are.  We're actually in a pretty good position now. 




  Deltamaker looks like they will complete their Kickstarter campaign but be dead in the water after that unless something crazy happens...*edit They say they are going to keep on going after and continue to deliver printrs.

And again; DeltaMaker is fine.  Thanks for perpetuating this idea that somehow we're not going to make it.  We only have 8 domestic shipments left, and something like 15 international.  And we have enough stock for hundreds more printers...so we're in no danger at all of falling under.

We're working on streamlining the build process, reducing the parts count, and building a bigger printer as a second option.  We've also got some free time now to work on some of our extra features like cloud slicing, etc. 




 Fucking hell people.  I was on a mobile client, that didn't have a comment save feature.  I didn't want to forget the mention of compton composter.  I run XFCE on an EEE 900A 4G as my daily driver.  Sheesh. 




 .  




 Also, if you've ever ate at a hole-in-the-wall chinese place, you've probably also had dog and cat. 




 Make sure you copper-fill next time.  Etching away that much copper per board is bound to saturate the solution very quickly. 




 That.........that's a GUY. 




 He's reviewing Five Guys. 




 If your ABS has a tendency to curl otherwise, it'll likely peel up the tape.  Blue paint actually has a release agent which is _meant_ to make it peel off of things easily.

Obviously a heated build area will help. 




 Basically you described nearly any laptop with an SD card slot (pretty much all of them) and a BIOS (also pretty much all of them) - Sooooooo...go get yourself a cheap netbook.  And have fun. 




 Speed limits do imply certain minimums.  You can get a ticket in a car for doing 15+ mph under the limit.  So I believe that cyclists should not be exempt from this rule either.  Do 30mph on a 45mph road?  You should have a $200 road obstruction ticket. 




 And they should also get tickets when "driving" 15mph under the speed limit. 




 Teenage drivers: Keep it up.  Maybe he'll eventually get the fucking message and stop riding on the road. 




 It's also not fucking nice to ride your bicycle on the road, which happens to be going 30mph in a 45mph.  If a _CAR_ were going 15 under, it's grounds for a ticket. 




 Honestly, you can give CubeWorld as much crap as you want but there has to be something said for the quality of animations, and the general feel of the game.  It's nice and fluid, it's got the right easing in/out for acceleration, it's very well polished compared to all of these "competitors" that people keep claiming are abound. 




 /sigh - upvote.  Because of course there is a subreddit for this... 




 Honestly, the dentist I know uses that machine as little as possible because it's a higher radiation dosage.  They prefer the gigantic square contraption that you bite down on and it ends up cutting up the roof of your mouth. 




 Nobody prices to cost.  Get over it. 




  What you are asking for is kind of like being a non-union employee demanding the benefits and negotiating power of the union but not having to pay your dues. It doesn't work like that.

I know you were trying to be serious and all, but it actually often does work like that with unions.  Generally when unions lobby for better wages, etc - non union members also get the same negotiated benefits.  Probably not the best example to try and use. :D 




  dentists charge too much

You know, they do have to pay their staff, keep the building, etc.  They charge what is sustainable. 




 Koy Wan looks to be doing pretty damn good on that list compared to a lot of places, to be quite honest. 




 Source?  




 I'm 32 and I've never had a vacation in my life.  I don't know the meaning of the word, practically. 




 imho, sharp nails looks fucking terrible.  There is a reason they aren't that popular. 




  They used his aunts large piece of property which has a large pool. The parents rented a funslide and like carnival food booths and a foam pit. 

 They are not the most well off people in the world

Fuck you.  Seriously.  This is like inviting everyone over to your freshly cleaned house, and saying "oh, sorry about the huge mess".

Not the most well off people in the world...gotta be fucking kidding me... 
























 The best alternative to iTunes is anything other than iTunes.  Seriously...syncing music?  Who the fuck thought that was a good idea?

Plug your device in, drag and drop your music over to the Android device, unplug, fire up Google Music and go. 




 Can you choose a background other than black or white on Windows Phone yet? 




 It's not you.  Jellybean had "Project Butter" which aimed to make animations, etc more smooth without interrupting the main thread.

KitKat had an aim to reduce memory usage, and allow Android to still perform well on devices with 512mb of memory.  My ORIGINAL Galaxy S has a build of Android KitKat and it's perfectly usable today...4 years later. 




 I'm actually using a bluetooth OBDII app, and an app that allows the widgets to be set to non-interactive and float over every app that I bring up so that when I'm in the car I can see the data while my GPS app is up.  I can also float things like my Pandora widget so that I can thumbs up/down/next track while in any other app.  Tons of other things I can do with Gesture-Control app like swiping from the edge of the screen to bring up specific groups of widgets, etc.

And this is something that doesn't require root at all.  I can also float my app windows on the tablet, or tile them so one app is up top, and another is down below.

I also have Wireless charging, NFC, etc. 




 The author of the framework has a preliminary build working on L, since the release.  He's simply not releasing it yet in case something major changes in the ART libraries that he's gotta account for.  He'll also be discontinuing support for dalvik because it basically requires handling two very different code bases. 




 Active series got recalled because of their claim about water resistance up to X depth.  The USB cover was badly designed and could still let water in.  Still a great phone otherwise. 




 You can get WiFi modules for $4 for the Arduino.  The ESP8266 has some active development going on for it, but you'll need to make sure you supply it with 3.3v and not blow it out with 5v. 




 Ah, so you're one of those.  Not only do you downvote people who have differing opinions, you stalk them to other threads!  That's awesome!  Good on you! 




 I'm not sure. :( 




 Holy fuck, that was 7 years ago?!  Good fucking god...I remember that whole fiasco pretty well.  It was awesome seeing the community rise up against the very admins of the site it was using to post that.  Eventually they folded. 




 Honestly, that's how digg ended up crashing and burning in a big ball of flame. 




  For instance, how do we know Vastra and Jenny are together? Its not because they act like a loving couple its because they tell each other they are married every 30 seconds.

I thought that was merely put in for people who weren't already fans, just watching the show on-a-whim with someone else so they could keep up. :[

I hated crap like BattleStar galactica because I could never catch up to what was what, who was who, why anything was going on, etc.  If I would have started from the beginning, maybe that would be different, but I didn't have that luxury at the time I was interested in it. 




 So, you're saying he's too obvious, but he's too complex...how does that even make sense? 




 I don't see any of that in moffat's stories.  I see very multidimensional characters which span in development over the course of entire seasons. 




 What _exactly_ is everyones problem with Moffat anyways? 




 Explosion at [7:17](http://youtu.be/5t6deOZloBU?t=7m17s) 









 $3.80 for a screen brightness changer?  Jesus fuck.  I would have bought it if it were $1.99 but yikes. 




 http://i.imgur.com/xPnq9gF.jpg 




 Aww...I thought he was going to crawl in. 




 Feminazi: "RAPE CULTURE!" 




 Better than the lady that decided to follow the car in front of her, get in a right hand turning lane, as I get over, she decides "oh wait, I'm not turning after all!" and slowly drifts back into the lane she was in only to pull down her window and frantically curse me out.

I was fucking watching you the whole god damn time lady, don't you even start with me.

So I've started to not give people the middle finger salute, but instead I've been making this motion: http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l4voc82s121qb3riko1_250.gif 




 They are the same in terms of severity, especially in this case.  Not being able to consent, is not being able to provide consent.  Regardless.  If someone were semi-drunk and didn't technically say no, they've probably got equal mental state to some hormone ridden teenage boy. 




 The 3D printed castle was not this week, it was 2 weeks ago: https://plus.google.com/103120178378541114779/posts

(This is a link to where it was announced, by the inventor/author of this particular technique) 




 When people clamor on about Ruby, they generally aren't gushing over the language itself, but are rather focused on the "Rails" portion of "Ruby on Rails".  

Python has tons of equivalents but as /u/stahlous has stated, there's so much now going on at the client side that it matters much less what server-side language you use.  Pick whichever one you feel most comfortable with, especially if you're just learning. 




 Yeah, don't know why out of ALL the pictures on that page, reddit chose to put THAT one as the thumbnail.  I was trying to post something that was neutral (honestly knowing that most people are going to be voting yes).

But yeah, vote yes on 2! 




 Also, important dates - don't forget to vote!

http://elections.mytimetovote.com/dates/florida.html

It's still a ways off, but elections generally have a lower turnout on non-presidential election days.  Which means that your vote is worth even more.  Don't let them hoodwink you into not voting either.  There are going to be some nasty tricks this year (as there have been every year).

*Edit* Don't know why reddit chose "vote no on 2" for the thumbnail...obviously people should be voting yes. :D 









 [](/chibipinkie) We must dig deeper! 




 PLA is already UV resistant.  It's the IR spectrum that causes heat.

ABS, it's just easier to use black, though a UV spraypaint on colors is an awesome idea! :D 




 How much C and how much Java do you know? You need to be proficient in both.  




 Being PLA out in the hot sun, I doubt it will last very long - but still, awesome work!  Worst that happens is it melts/breaks off and you print it in a better material (Black ABS, specifically black because the carbon protects the ABS from UV light which can cause it to degrade in the sun) 




 I never did get that _amazing_ spellcaster dagger from Kara on my mage.  Eventually stopped farming it, and got accepted into a guild that was farming The Black Temple and had much better passed to me on an alt run (my main was a prot pally that tanked for them)

We exploited the hell out of Kara too, by walljumping over near Nightbane and skipping most of the instance. 




 It didn't hurt that my wife was a healer, and I was a tank.  I didn't suffer through the crap like most people complain about.  Tanking and healing was a much more skilled affair than DPS anyways.  It was never difficult to stay out of the fire while keeping a rotation going.

We got to the point where I would just pull ahead of her while she was drinking, I'd chain-pop cooldowns to ease up the strain, and when she caught up she'd top me off.  Most of my experience in vanilla was chain-pulling, never stopping, and finishing instances in the same 15 minutes you got when someone had to go eat dinner.

My wife and I were far more popular in WoW than we are while away from the computer for that very reason.  And yet another reason for me loving the old days.  I built a reputation as a fucking amazing tank (and she as a healer), and people would always be dependent on me for getting shit done.

Eventually I went all the way to Vanilla Naxx on my warrior, sunwell on my paladin (prot back then was SO overpowered), and downing 25 lich king HM on my warrior again.

I quit after that because suddenly most of the user base wasn't interested in hard modes.  They got to see the pretty places, and didn't care much for actual challenges... 




 I enjoyed the grinds, and enjoyed the days when they made content that only the best players could see.  Sunwell was an excellent example.  You only saw it if you were good.  Sure - you might be able to see it once the next expansion came out, but you never got to benefit from it at that point.

Always having something to strive for, kept me playing.  Now, 99% of the userbase plays the LFR version, that's been stripped down with no mechanics and suddenly...well, they've seen the content.  So they stop playing.  They stop striving for something better.  There's no locked out content that drives players to strive for more. 




 The older players that were leaving the game, were leaving the game for the exact reasons you say they were changing it to get new players in.

It was all downhill from the point they added the LFG auto-matching tool, and auto-ported everyone in and out of the instance.  They tried making it so you at least had to visit the instance first, but now you don't even have to do that.

Did spamming /LFG suck?  Yes, it did.  But it sucked enough that people friended one another, got to know each other, and didn't just kick you out of a group for nothing.  The sense of community and friendship was much stronger back then.  Now, nobody talks, it's difficult to make friends on there, and you just kind of log in...click a button for a group, and log back out again. 




 thepiratebay - they've stood the test of time against lawsuits and every other fucking government agency. 




 Actually, the suggestion here is wearing plate armor on your legs.  That's basically what VPN is.  It's an encrypted shell around your normal traffic which Comcast doesn't see as Netflix traffic. 




 This goes the same for police "Internal Affairs".  They aren't there to actually make sure the police are following the laws...they are there to make sure the precinct doesn't get sued. 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 Here we go with the false equivalence again. 




 There are quite a few of us out on the internet that have extensive expertise in image manipulation, etc.  It would be rather easy to spot.  Go look at all of the fake jennifer lawrence nudes, and you'll see the tell-tale signs in all of them.  Lighting differences, compression artifacts, etc.

These are real. 




 You know, by being celebrities they kind of took it with the job title.  They know damn-well the risks associated. 




 Conversely, we can use this to get celebrities on-board and talking about the issue and start having encryption put in place and measures become the default so these things are less likely to happen everywhere. 




 This is exactly why my long term goal in life is to eventually become completely solar/wind powered with an electric vehicle. 




 Technically, gay marriage in Florida is legal.  By the overturning of a ban on gay marriage: http://www.miamiherald.com/2014/08/21/4301754/federal-judge-florida-gay-marriage.html 




 They typically only fail ungracefully whenever you try to use whatever said feature required the permission that you've taken away.  So there's that. 




 Yeah, I'm sorry - but this isn't the worlds first either.  3D Printed bump keys existed easily a year ago.  I don't think I still have the one I made, but it's certainly not a new thing. 




 [](/chibipinkie) Their shirts remind me of someone... 




 GFYCAT ftw! 




 [](/gummy) I much prefer gummy alligators. 




 Same shit happened to me, I told the fucking woman that when the adults told her to "go play in the street", they were hoping she would die, and it wasn't supposed to be taken literally! 




 Mind sharing the link to what you bought?  Pretty cheap for working wifi! 




 Ohhhh, you said working "wireless" - I was thinking wifi automatically (derp).  Yeah, the nRF24L01 is amazingly cheap! 




 Get your hands on any of the new wireless chips that hackaday mentioned?  I've got like 6 of them on their way.  $5 for wifi?!  YES PLEASE! 




 http://i.imgur.com/2XrTU21.gif 




 What is it currently doing autonomously? 




 Known more commonly as a portuguese man-o-war. 




 It's a very **realistic** outlook, and I'm not democrat, republican, or libertarian.  I'm actually registered Pirate Party.

Anyone with 2 brain cells to rub together can realize that this man is nothing more than another politician - no better than the ones we currently have, except his ideas are out into the extreme and political measures from other divisions (federal and state) will keep him accomplishing them.

The fact that you throw out "libertarian" like it's an insult is a testament to your thought process as well.  Party names mean jack-fucking-squat.  You're still in that "us vs them" mindset.  It's not democrats vs republicans vs green party vs libertarian.  It's people vs politicians.  There are a million, million, million ideas out there on how to solve things.  Person A cannot only encompass a defined _set_ of those ideas and then be labeled "democrat" and that's it.  That's not how ANY of this works!  You're looking at a party label, and toeing the line.  A line that doesn't exist, but you somehow perceive.

I somehow believe you wouldn't be supporting this man at all if he was labeled a libertarian or a tea-party republican. 




 3 my tighty whities.  Keeps your junk all nice and tucked away.  Otherwise your balls stick to your leg. 




 swamp-ass. 




 http://investmentwatchblog.com/comparison-chart-of-the-economic-concepts-employed-by-political-parties/#1Hh63Z3gJEZUl0gp.99

Written by him, it's a bunch of scare tactic bullcrap.  Apparently having Democrats in office, leads to socialism!  Republicans lead to Corporate Socialism!  And Libertarians lead to economic CHAOS!!!  When people use such definitive statements like this, it's pretty obvious that it's a bunch of bullshit.

Then, he uses that article to shill for his website http://www.zerocosteconomy.com/

Where we get things such as: 

Located on this page: http://www.zerocosteconomy.com/description.html
Every day the costs that we must pay every month increase. Most people are not able to save money and invest for a decent retirement.

Where is the research backing this statement up?

Then the last half of it, is literally a bunch of bullshit "what if" questions, which sound like they're GREAT, but cannot happen simply with a governor taking seat.

Not to mention, it's basic economics that if things are deflationary, which he proposes, that it stagnates the economy and creates reasons for everyone to save, puts everyone out of jobs, etc.

Then, we get other bullshit on this page: http://www.zerocosteconomy.com/problem.html

The biggest and the most immediate threat to the economy of the United States and, for that matter, of the entire world, isn't global warming or the depletion of natural resources, because the direst effects of these phenomena aren't immediately imminent. (**Experts believe** we won't see the full impact of global warming for 50 to 100 years.)

More weasel-words.  Which experts?  Why not link to the studies if said experts believe these things?

 Unless this devastating trend is halted and reversed immediately, vigorously, and effectively, our good days will soon be over.

Fear-mongering bullshit.

I mean, there's so much of it I'd have to basically copy-paste his whole fucking website.  He uses the extreme views of zealots in order to try and basically give us a false dichotomy (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_dilemma) in order to argue a point that he's not even making very well.

There are even _DIRECT_ false dichotomies on that very page:

 As Americans, we have two choices: listen to the usual rhetoric and empty promises, or help achieve economic security as explained in Towards a Zero-Cost Economy

Oh, and he wouldn't be a good politician if he didn't mention "THE CHILDREN!"  This is exactly how all politicians scare-monger and push crap through the system.

 Making the right choice is no trifling matter. Your own futureand your children'sare at stake.

Oh, and that's right - you wanted to know which statements were lies.  Which statements specifically?  Well, there's even more...how about this juicy crap here:

 Our economic and political systems simply can't continue in their current state. No matter how one looks at or interprets the situation, it's clear that costs are the root of our economic woes.

Costs are not the reason for our economic woes.  Bullshit spending is.  You cannot simply "freeze" costs, because businesses will move elsewhere.

And how about this entire page here: http://www.zerocosteconomy.com/economic.html

"Carefreeism"...you're fucking joking me right?  He wants zero-interest financing.  FREE energy.  No taxes on owned homes.  Outlaw of subprime loans.  Everyone gets to retire at 50.  Deflation, our money is worth more!

And then he paints everything else as completely unsustainable.  Except we're not "purebred" socialism.  We're not purebred capitalism.  We have a fine mix of socialistic and capitalistic tendencies.  Painting everything as black and white is just downright bullshit when you get down to it.

And you were talking about Crist 'devolving' into tactics of just attacking one another?  You get this: https://www.facebook.com/fkhavari/posts/721903684526059

YEP!  Charlie Crist TOTALLY didn't appear at the Bartow, FL rally because he was _SCARED_ of Farid Khavari!  I mean, it has nothing to do with the fact that Farid Khavari has only like 5% of the support from voters that Crist has.

And while Crist is Republican (don't even begin to tell me he's not), he actually left the state in pretty good shape when he was governor.  Is he perfect?  Fuck no.  Not by a long shot.  But he has a proven track record, and he was a better governor and Rick Scott. 




 You're fucking joking, right?

Where are all these Farid Khavari supporters coming out of the woodwork?  This guy is just as bad as the rest of the politicians out there.  "Let's make everyone sustainable by putting solar panels on everyones houses!" -- If you do your research, he stands to gain a lot because he _owns a fucking solar panel company_.  How is this any different than any of the other bullshit every politician has done before him?

His website is full of a bunch of made up statements, lies, and bullshit.  Utopian dreams, spread as gospel and believed as truth by the gullible. 




 I've done my best trying to get my hackerspace to donate to the cause.  I'll continue posting in the large communities that I frequent! 




 Naw man, [this](http://s29.postimg.org/ezooddkmf/s01_RTR2_OHGH.jpg) is dark. 




 12v @ 16.5A = 200W

You're tripping your power supply.  Get a beefier one.  Also, if you suspect it's tripping some max value, look at your terminal window to see.  It'll spit out an error message if it does. 




 Why in fuck is a zipper company fighting against ISIS?!

http://pkk.gmc.globalmarket.com/ 




 Ken, is this space planning on being hackerspace-esque?  If it is, throw it up on hackerspaces.org (wiki) as a planned space and link there too.  The community is growing very rapidly, and I'm sure you'll get some hits from there. 




 No, but from within the USA there are a lot less laws and bullshit politics you've gotta deal with regarding trade agreements which were put in place by companies that reside in the USA for their protection, so suddenly you've got a big inefficient government agency paying lots of workers for a mediocre job of scanning things that cross the border, yadda yadda yadda.

Not only that, but they charge it "because they can"; basically what they believe people will tolerate, etc.  Lots of factors at play.

The USA has a huge advantage in that federal laws are generally that govern interstate commerce, so there's only 1 set of them you've gotta abide by.  It's simple, it's cheap, not a bunch of oversight.  Whereas whenever something goes international, then you've gotta deal with a whole bunch of politics.  Dealing with politics costs money.

I don't know how China manages to get shipping to us so cheaply.  I'd certainly love to know. 




 The problem is, you're shipping a lot of weight.  You're shipping nearly 3kg (6lbs), and shipping companies charge extra for that.  You really can't blame Taulman, or anyone other than the shipping companies for that.

DeltaMaker got caught up in that too.  We had people slip in international orders for our first tiers at $500, and when we had to tell them shipping such a large, heavy package overseas was going to be $300 through DHL, they actually asked for a refund.  Nevermind $800 was still a _FAN fucking tastic_ deal, it still nearly doubled the price. 




 https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/projects.html - Just a sample of the different kind of stuff you can do with the Teensy and a modicum of electronics knowledge.  Many projects, people document enough that you wouldn't even need programming knowledge and could just duplicate by following along. 




 Honestly, a Teensy is worth having anyways.  It's useful for _way_ more than just hacking your Chromecast.  It can emulate USB devices, you can communicate with I2C/SPI chips for data logging, etc. 




 This is a _highly_ misleading statement, as

 Most reversals are estimated to take between 1,000 and 10,000 years.

source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geomagnetic_reversal

The way you put it makes it sounds like it should just flip overnight.  It doesn't. 




 The pH levels of your water are off, and probably highly chlorinated.  What you're seeing is the result of pitting caused by corrosion of the metal inside the faucet:

http://www.toolbase.org/Building-Systems/Plumbing/copper-pinhole-leaks

If the rest of your piping is copper, you're likely going to start seeing these leaks elsewhere too.  You see this kind of thing in pool systems all the time, especially when pool pump housings aren't built and you get lots of UV reacting with the chlorine in the water pump. 




 I've also seen this in areas where water is over chlorinated.  Chlorine attacks and corrodes practically any metal, and it's likely that this pinhole formed over time from a pit on the inside of the nozzle. 




 Really hard to give you an answer without knowing what kind of power supply, what it's rated for, etc...... 




 The top didn't say "getting a haircut".  It said "asking the hairdresser".  You're inferring the haircut and it's getting in the way of the joke. 




 Taulman has been an awesome member of the community for some time now, releasing some of the first Nylon filaments ever available for printing use.  He's now got 6 more formulations he's trying to raise money for.  Unlike most kickstarters, he's already got a successful business selling Nylon filament. 









 You went from a state with the "worst morning commutes" to "highest pedestrian fatalities": http://time.com/106155/pedestrian-deaths-traffic/ 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution#Computer_passwords

 However, in February 2012 the Eleventh Circuit ruled otherwise - finding that requiring a defendant to produce an encrypted drive's password would violate the Constitution, becoming the first federal circuit court to rule on the issue.[69][70] In April 2013, a District Court magistrate judge in Wisconsin refused to compel a suspect to provide the encryption password to his hard drive after FBI agents had unsuccessfully **spent months trying to decrypt the data.**[71][72]

That's also why you use sentence-based passwords.  The problem is that a lot of people use weak-sauce easily cracked passwords.  http://xkcd.com/936/

So your reply doesn't come off rude, as much as ignorant.  My TrueCrypt containers, for example use a sentence-based password with at least 2 non-dictionary words and AES-256 bit encryption.  The passwords are _very_ easy to remember, and near-impossible to crack without my express knowledge.

And it does keep the ISP from seeing your traffic (SSH is not cleartext traffic).  Problem with SSH tunneling is that it's TCP-only.  It pretty much breaks any and all traffic monitoring from residential ISPs.  Try it out if you don't believe me.

http://chamibuddhika.wordpress.com/2012/03/21/ssh-tunnelling-explained/ 




 That's funny, works fine on Chrome on my Nexus 5.  Not to mention, given that Mobile has such tight data restrictions, you'd be stupid not to want gfycat posted.  Reddit News' internal browser also displays it just fine. 




 uncompressed gif: 9M

HTML5 gif: 1M

Also, GFYCAT is faster, works great on any modern smartphone (whereas gifs regularly don't), etc. 




 http://gfycat.com/FriendlyGrotesqueKitty

Please do the internet a favor and use gfycat. 




 Invest a little more money in a non-logging VPN (added $3-10 a month) and set your router up to push all traffic through the VPN.  You'll get around all of their logging/throttling, etc.  BTGuard is a good one though you might want to find one with a US server, because a lot of content can be blocked via IP geolocation.

And quite honestly, in this day and age you'll want to learn how to do this.  Even if you have nothing to hide.  Simply because they sell you "the internet", and they're doing their best every damn day to divide the internet up and charge you for "packages".  It's your internet, you should be free to use it however the hell you want.

Furthermore, if you're really paranoid - it's even better to set up your own private VPS and roll your own VPN solution because BTGuard and others _do comply with law enforcement_ whenever asked.  They'll roll over faster than a trained dog.  Whereas if you're rolling your own VPN, you choose exactly what is logged, you can verify it, and you can also encrypt your data, meaning law enforcement cannot get to it due to the 5th amendment.

Encrypt all the things! 




 Not only the points system, but real-time reporting of traffic events, such as speed traps.  I've _easily_ saved myself $1k in traffic tickets and points thanks to Waze.  It also adds ETA and group tracking (when multiple friends have the same destination, it'll show ETA for everyone)

It's not for everyone.  It would be _way_ too easy to get distracted with a lot of the things you can do with Waze - but it's more than just Google Maps with a point system. 




  superior Waze

FTFY 




 Generally just a cylindrical object next to the piece for it to work on while the original part cools that's the same height as the object you're printing.

In some slicers, (KISSlicer) it literally has just a checkbox to enable this feature and does it for you automatically. 




 Weld-on #4. 




 Well, that guy is as good as dead. 




 You're not a woman.  You're a unicorn.  That's how rare you are. 




 On newer automatics, they've been kind of moving them all over the place.  They aren't always down low in the center anymore: 

http://gearhungry.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Automatic-Link-for-Smartphone.jpg.jpg    
http://www.motoraccessories.in/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Hyundai-i10-Automatic-Gear-Transmission.jpg    
etc.    




 The woman has a cold and is sniffling. 




 This can be solid advice in some situations, but it's not always a solid solution.  Primarily because radiant heat from the heater block can hover over finished layers for too long, actually re-softening them and making the problem worse in some circumstances. 




 Who are you kidding, women don't know how to drive manual. 




 Either add another object to print, or add a cooling tower.  




 By chance do you have a download link that's less of a hassle?  MMF wants me to register for their site, only gives 5 "free" downloads, etc 




 And now you know why the obesity rate in America is soaring through the roof.  Our food is just so damn tasty! 




 Fantastic, now this sub is going to be a bunch of fluffy carebear crap because the mod will ban you otherwise.  :/ 
























