 Phew. I thought I was the only one who still had no idea what to do. 




 In Flames - Sounds of a Playground Fading

I love all the albums, but I can listen to this one over and over no problems 




 Same! Death related stuff intrigues me. I'll be alright reading up on murders and stuff.. but actally being in graveyards and near corpses.. Nope.

I am getting better with graveyards though. But I did have to sort of.. blank out for a funeral when the coffin ws being lowered. I think I  drifted off until I was tapped on the shoulder. 




 Serious?!

Oh yes! I'm headed up to Newcastle for the work's Christmas Do. I shall be there and I shall scarf the pasties in my hotel room while reasonably sozzled. 




 Sausage, Bean and Cheese.

they're always sold out when I go. :( Not had one for aaaaaaaaaages. 




 Graveyards and corpses. I actually turned and power walked out of a chapel of rest before my Nan's funeral. In my head I was all **"NOPENOPENOPENOPE"**

 I get anxious to fuck when going visiting my Grandad/Nan's grave (Buried together) For a while, I used to just sit in the car while my Mum/dad/siter went to visit.

I don't really even know what it is. The fact that there's hundreds of dead bodies 6 feet below me is enough to freak me out. 




 Simply;

"**CUNT**" 




 Every payday Me and 2 other coworkers get what we call "The Payday Sub"

It's on a Thursday, so it's a BMT but we add bacon, double meat, extra cheese and make it a footlong. Pile on the salad and then make it a meal.

We can just about finish it. 




 "I wish Mondays would go away forever."

Yeah. I last sent a text on Monday.

/foreveralone 




 D'aw! I love his brown face markings.  I'm surprised you've managed to keep him still long enough to take the picture! 

Mine was a hyperactive whirl of fur you couldn't keep still unless there were treats involved 




 Contrary to all the predictions in years past about what life would be like this far into the 21st Century - It was a day like any other. Unremarkable, just like the last 2 decades. 


Fuckin' love Pantsin' 




 [Woah](http://s3.amazonaws.com/ragefaces/f181b0823f11fe902a7eab83ea6eec8c.png) 




 Apprentice here:

I was taken on at 17 and I'm fortunate that they started me off at Minimum wage (at the time - 4.50 an hour) but the staff turnover for the department I was in was insane. Apparently, I lasted the longest (2 1/2 years) before moving department because the whole thing was just soul sucking, boring and depressing

(I was in the IT preparing area. Computers on the DSA)

Shifted into the warehouse, but still working (I think. My NVQ provider still hasn't got back to me.) on NVQ Level 3 IT Practitioner.

It's good for experience and for fresh out of school kids, but for the most part, you're an intern. Everything gets dropped onto you, because you're fresh meat. 
 




 I thought it was quite a good book, may just be the rose tinted glasses talking though. I'll have to pick it up again. 




 Was forced to read (and watch!) Holes back in year 8 (Age 12, around 2002) Actually kinda liked it. 




 My brain can't handle this

Oh god.

I need to get high one day. I'd come up with some crazy shit.
 




 So I went outside earlier, and looked up. I could have sworn I was too close to the city to see stars, but there they were. 

I can't remember the last time I just stood there in the cold, looking up at them. Must have been during school. And that was at least 6 years ago now. Probably more.

It's a beautiful thing - looking up at night. 

All those stars. Each one has other planets, some possibly even holding life. Hey, for all I know, there's intergalactic transport passing by right now. Not making contact for some crazy law where they're not allowed to make contact or something.

I just stood there for 20 minutes. Mind temporarily blown.. And I'm not even high! 




 [Faggots](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faggot_%28food%29)

Confuse them!

I sent one of my snackexchange buddies some cadbury's chocolate bars (all the types - Standard/Fruit+nut/turkish delight/Caramel) and they seemed to go down well.

also, Wispas! Wispa gold, too, if you can spot them - I saw one the other day at the garage near my place. 




 Yah, EVE online. 

And thanks for the nostalgiaspaz. Not played Kingdom Hearts in forever. 




 B-but, I'm not evil!

I'm kinda the opposite. I've had a decently structured fantasy scenario and story in my head for years, and now I've had this insane idea with a Sci-fi story, it's gonna be so fun to write. :D 




 Oh damn! What area of Manchester were you in? I'm going to Hazard a guess at Salford. That place is scary when it's dark. :( 




 I had it when I was in the states 7 years ago. I had some kind of chicken soft taco thingy. It was alright, actually. I didn't try an actual hard shell taco though, I'll have to give it a try. 




 Yep! I posted an update, and I got a creepy as fuck story from there about 2 weeks ago.

[Update](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/h63l7/update_to_bricked_up_doorway_album_inside/)

[Creepy story](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/l12gu/it_lives_in_the_woods/) 




 Creaking wood, Styrofoam and **ANYTHING** rubbing together, and the obvious nails on a chalkboard. 




 It's not a massive troll. Well, if it is - I've been had! Still love the show, though. 




 Where'd you get it?! Wouldn't mind one for mine. 




 You get anything back? Curious to hear his stories either way. xP 




 I get the feeling I'll be listening to a lot of Electronic music while writing. Mainly Pendulum. 

Might put EVE on and let the music go by. 




 Ahh, the good ol' sneaky creeper.

The amount of times we've been playing minecraft, and over skype I've just said "Aw, fuck. Hi there guy."
   
    train_subject8542 blew up. 




 Posted on r/dogs a while back, but thought It'd be cool to see here too. 

I was lucky with this picture! I can never get him to sit still long enough for a good one. 









 At first, I was going to do a generic fantasy - save the world kind of story, but then I had this insane idea.

It'd be a crime story, which'll throw itself into a fantasy-esque ending, but set in space.  It only hit me a few hours ago, so I'm still working out the details and stuff, but I'm super excited! 




 Hell, I'm stuck between making it a Sci-fi, or a fantasy novel.

Might go out on a limb and freakishly combine them. 




 I can only imagine the damage if you're stood next to him and he decided to shout something. 




 Here's me wearing a silly hat.

[I'm Slash, really!](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Zo73KLcnFks/TpHHKlNgQkI/AAAAAAAACVY/CXxcaO6B180/s640/09102011233%255B1%255D.jpg) 




 Good idea! I shall tag all, too. 




 Let me know if this is the place he comes to. If it's him I hear creeping around in the dark when I'm walking the dog, he's made me concerned for my safety while I'm there! xD 




 Adlington ain't too far out from Bolton.

To be precise, it's Moses Gate Country Park, and it's at the bottom end, near the cricket club. If he's been before, he'll know what I'm on about. :P 




 [](/ajugh) Are we going to have to drag Fluttershy back up there, *again*? 




 Yup! This hut is between Bolton, Farnworth and Little Lever 




 Damn right it was a sign. xP I've met a ton more awesome people thanks to the fan community.

That, and I'm a writer on a ponies site. :D Finally got something other to do than play vidya games. 




 I was the same! :P I wouldn't have even known the show existed without the fantastic "Random Subreddit" button. 




 HNNNNG!

My heart just gave in. 




 True. True. 




 Eeeyup.
Gotta make sure to spell it right. ;P 




 [American Soda](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/default.aspx)

Go wild. 




 Likewise, ya' southern fairy! 









 [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/l12gu/it_lives_in_the_woods/c2p41k7) aaaand [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/l12gu/it_lives_in_the_woods/c2p2enl) 




 Back from work! Zipped down to the place while it was still *kinda* light. Got another picture.

[Taken Saturday: 12 noon](http://imgur.com/NLa8A)

[Taken just 25 minutes ago today](http://imgur.com/cDvM4) 




 Still at work at the moment, but heading home in about an hour and half.

Just for clarification: There's no pics of the man himself - just of the hut. 

They're old reddit posts, from about 5 months ago, but I got one the other day showing its current state.

Here's the old reddit post until I get home and get the new pic uploaded. :) [Clicky!](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/h63l7/update_to_bricked_up_doorway_album_inside/) 




 Will do when I get back from work. Just woke up and I overslept. :( 




 Yeah, I live nearby. About a 10 minute drive.

I'm not sure on the history, all I know is that the area used to be a landfill, and the hut he was near was a sewage control 




 'taters.

Poh-tay-toh. 




 I get weird shit like this happening to me all the time. Usually, I'm at home when stuff decides to come out and play, but last night, it picked the perfect moment to scare the living bejeezus out of me.

The darker nights are rolling in sooner each night, and last night - it caught me totally off guard.

I'd been walking the dog down a reclaimed landfill site, and up until recently, it had been perfectly light enough to take a nice brisk walk up and down the entire length of the area (a good 3 miles or so.) But last night, the darkness got there before I did. 

I'm too stubborn to call it off and go walk on a nice lit pathway with the dog. So I pulled out my torch and set off walking.

This pathway is completely covered by trees. Only letting cracks of light in between the leaves. It gives off a very creepy atmosphere.  It was a very cloudy night, anyway. Not much bright moonlight to go by.

Anyway, I'm going off the point here. I'm walking along this big long dirt path, and I can hear rustling in the trees on either side of me. My dog isn't stopping to check - so I assume it's probably some little squirrels or something. In retrospect, what the hell made me think squirrels would roam at night? 

So I'm a little edgy, but the dog doesn't seem to care, so I carry on.

I'm about a mile into the walk, and I approach what I've dubbed "The Creepy Hut."

This creepy looking building is an old sewage control building. The old iron door is still attached, but the doorway behind it is bricked up. the old brickwork a much darker, redder colour than the freshly placed doorblock bricks.
During the summer, the plant life around it goes wild and obscures it from view, ivy growing on its old roof- hanging off the edges, and grass almost as tall as me surrounding it.

But it's just starting to get into autumn, and the grass is wilting, and the ivy is getting brown.  The place reeks of rotting stuff all year round, but today the stench seemed awfully stronger than usual. 

I covered my face with my coat, shone my torch over the old hut and froze.

There was a person in front of the old iron door. He was slouched, slightly. Looking like he was breathing heavily. Or laughing. I wasn't sure - I was too far away.

My dog had seen this, and he'd also stopped dead in his tracks, staring at the strange man in front of the door. His ears were high, tail curled upwards.

The man slowly started turning around. I aimed the torch at his torso, so that the light would slightly illuminate his face. Don't want to blind him!

Bad idea. His face was lit up sort of like when you used to shine the torch under your chin at camp, telling spooky stories. Except this time the man's face was half rotted. He had the shit-eating grin spread right across his face. He slammed this big iron door shut with his left arm, and I swear it took a brick or two from the bricked up doorway with it. 

(Note: This door is heavy as hell. I tried moving it a few months back after taking some pictures of the place, and it was very hard to move, even with all 220lbs of me behind it.)

I just turned back towards the car and ran. Dog had the same idea - He barrelled past me, barking his head off. I didn't want to turn around and see what the man was doing, but curiosity got the better of me. I quickly turned and began backpedalling, and he was just stood where I was - on the pathway. I could see his shape in the limited moonlight, Hunched over.

That was it. I ran the mile back to the car, unlocked it on the run, opened the door, threw myself in and locked it behind me. Turned the engine and lights on, and turned the car to face where I had come from. The high beams on my car headlights weren't enough to pierce all the way through the trees, but I would at least be able to see him coming. Nothing. 

The Dog had barrelled into the car right beside me, so I just took off home.

I swear he was stood at the gate to the car park on my way out. Waving. Like he'd hoped I'd come back soon.

No chance, mate.

I have pictures of both outside and inside this place if anyone wants them 




 "Oop Norf" with the English Flag, if you please! 




 I can't even comprehend.

WHAT ARE YOU GUYS THINKING 




 You ain't no Boltoner! :I Everyone I've ever known says Breakfast, Dinner, Tea. 




 Oi! 




 That just sounds weird. 




 It's a barm, you fools! 




 Indeed. You always hear of "This is the new MMO - it will surely kill WoW this time!" 

Rather than attempting to just usurp WoW off the MMO Throne, it'd be cool if the devs could try and concentrate on an original concept for an MMO, rather than the run of the mill 3rd person action-y RPG.

It works, but sometimes you just need something new. And with everyone developing these kind of games, there's not that much difference between the lot of them. 

Makes the whole market stale. 




 Yeah, I dunno either. [](/ppshrug) 









 Hey.

Sorry if I did anything wrong. Whatever I did - I didn't mean it. Was it the distance?

Wanna grab a beer if I'm ever nearby? 




 You're getting it!

 




 ReinerZei 




 I saw 2 of these over the M61 (North, Toward Blackburn) today. Was wondering what they were. 




 Sometimes the downvote/upvote count is useful in the non-popular threads

Though I would be up for hiding them, myself. 




 Hi Swimmit!

I crashed my car about a week and a half ago, and I'm currently suffering from whiplash, a sprained wrist, and a bad back.

It's easing off a little bit, and the pain only hits me bad when I lean over, or move my wrist a little too suddenly (That's with my painkillers, though)

Is there any kind of swimming technique I could use to sort of get back in the water, or would you guys advise staying out for a few more weeks? I miss having my after work swim. :(  









 Little late on the posting, but hey.

There were about 15 of us in Birmingham city centre on saturday. We invaded a pub, talked (quite loudly) and received ponies. 

Then we went on a march to somewhere, which involved walking past a big church while playing Pony music through an iPod dock speaker. That was kinda weird.

Then we went through the city shopping centre, waving a flag and singing Winter Wrap Up. That was kinda surreal.

Then we found a shop which sold pony merch, and we acquired more pony.

In short..

[](/soawesome) BEST. DAY. EVER 




 I don't get it. You're toeing the line as it is by driving with no insurance, yet you drive like a lunatic.

You drove down the wrong side of a road, leading into a junction, then you pull out of said junction (It had Give Way signs!) without looking while I'm coming down the main road. Smashy.

I've got a burn up my left arm, a big-ass cut up my left arm and now I think the whiplash is deciding to make itself known. Shoulders and back are achey, and my neck hurts to turn. I thought I was having a heart attack on scene, the airbag went off right into my chest and the pain wouldn't go for about 5 minutes.

Luckily (unfortunately for the company I work for, though) I was working at the time and I was using a van. My little car wouldn't have stood a chance and I might have been seriously injured now. 




 This happened last night, so I can remember pretty much everything in vivid detail. I've probably had about 3 hours sleep.

It was a relatively normal day. I'd gotten back from walking the dog a few hours ago. I walk him on the site of an old landfill, now cleaned up and is a popular horse riding trail. I usually head off the path after heading past an old and abandoned sewage control building, as to not disturb any riders with my very excitable Border Collie.

I was walking among the trees, alone, when I heard the fallen branches behind me snapping, like someone was walking on them. I turned around expecting to see someone walking behind me - there was no-one there. 

Putting it down to my imagination, I carried on walking along the woods. The sounds continued all the way along the woods, only stopping when the ground cleared up.  I thought nothing of it, until last night.

It didn't start off so bad, just the odd footstep here or there. I live in a old house, creaks are expected. But then 1am happened. My door (which is kinda sturdy) was closed. The handle turned and it flung open, slamming into the desk I was sat at. 

Expecting to see my mischievous little sister there, I stood up and poked my head out of the door. 

*"What'd you do--"* 

There was no-one there.  The floor outside my room is creaky, I'd have heard her running off. I shook my head, closed my door - locked it - and carried on with what I was doing.

about 10 minutes later, I was about to grab my glass and take a drink. It slid along the desk, away from me. I stared at it for a second or two, wondering if my mind is just seriously messing with me.  Then it just fell over. 

I'd had it with my room, I was going to go downstairs to watch a bit of TV, and hang out with my dog.  I got downstairs and he was sat right at the door to the stairs, whining quietly. He saw me open the door and wagged his tail furiously. He's normally sleeping on the rug at this time. He must have heard the glass fall over and got spooked.

I eventually ended up asleep on the couch around 3am, BBC news playing quietly in the background, but my dog was still staring at the stairs door.

It was about 5:30am when I woke up. I cursed myself for falling asleep on the couch when there was a perfectly good bed upstairs. I turned around and someone was stood there. At first, I thought it was my mum, coming to check on me, after a few seconds on refocusing it was my Nan. 

My still half-asleep brain relaxed a little - then it hit me - my Nan had been dead for 3 months - She died in July. I faced both my phobias in one day to attend the funeral of the woman who had cared for me all my life.

I freaked out. I sat up, and threw myself over the arm of the couch. Running into the kitchen, I heard scrambling right behind me. I opened the knife drawer and pulled one out and switched to a defensive position.  

It was just my dog following me frantically into the kitchen whimpering and whining.  I threw some water over my face from the sink and slowly popped my head around the corner, back into the living room. No-one there. I got a torch from the back room and used it to navigate my back up to my bedroom.

(Woah, that was long. That's what happened to me last night.) 



















 
Stranger: youjizz

Stranger: ah ah ah

You: wait, what?

Stranger: ......................

Stranger: you jizz

You: .. yes, I can jizz, what of it?

Stranger: me too

Stranger: ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ............ sweet you jizz 




 I'm going to a funeral in a week, and I have this horrible, overpowering fear of graveyards. This is the first funeral I've ever been to, and I don't want to have a mental breakdown on the graveside.

Apolgies if it's in the wrong subreddit, I tried searching for a phobia/fears sub, but my searches went unsucessful. :( 




 Edit:[Got one]

Would be much appreciated if you could get me one! 



















 Hey all! This is my second story on here. I have a few more, completely nonrelated to each other. I might post them if I can remember the details. Anyway, here goes;

I was 18, I'd passed my driving test about 6 months ago, and we were in the city, playing video games at the Gamerbase, in Manchester, under the HMV.  It was about 10:30 when we left the place, and started the walk back to the car. 

It was an unremarkable walk, nothing to report, just me and my friends talking about whatever came to mind. Mostly video games.

We got to the car, and the place was empty. Of course, it was 11pm on a sunday night, there won't be too many people about. We got in the car and set out.

We must have hit the East Lancs road about 11:15. We're driving down the road, still talking. I was concentrating on the road. I was still a newbie after all.

The exit for Bolton was coming up, I took it and started speeding up on the motorway. I hit 60MPH on the long straight road. I saw a small movement in the distance. A low hanging tree brance, maybe. I carried on.

Suddenly, a young girl dashed out and lept over the safety barrier. I slammed the brakes, but I couldn't stop in time, there wasn't a chance. 

Her legs buckled from the bumper hitting her. 

Her side hit the bonnet, I saw her body twist, and her face slammed into my windshield. I don't think I've been any closer to losing my mind than I did at that moment. Her face was crushed against the hard glass. 

But she had this... Grin which shook my spine like an earthquake. I was so very tempted to just leap out of my car right at that moment. I kept my cool, and got the car to a stop. (albeit, in the middle of the road, but still)

I opened my door and lunged out of the car and took off up the road to help the person I'd just mowed down. My friends scrambled into action, They thought I'd lost it and chased me up to road to stop me. 2 stayed behind to push the car into the hard shoulder.

I was stunned. I only ran a few meters before stopping. There was nothing there. No body, no blood. Only my skid marks in the road. 

I was so certain of what I saw. My friends took me back to the car and we sat outside it for a while. My car was clean. No blood, no dents, no cracked windows. 

Nothing.  

I was certain for days I had gone mad. 
























 [Original!](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/h5rd5/bricked_up_doorway)

[Got an album in here](http://imgur.com/a/Bn6yE#63vOa)

[Picture the album upload seemed to miss](http://i.imgur.com/vF7gD.jpg) 

It had absolutely lashed it down with rain last night, so I was lucky I didn't drop my phone (Yeah, my phone has a 12Megapixel camera in it) with the amount of slipping I was doing.
On the approach, it absolutely reeked of rotting stuff. I can't pin it, it was just unholy and had to cover my face, otherwise I'd have emptied my lunch all over the wall.

I took two pictures of the interior and started getting the serious heebie-jeebies, and the smell was starting to penetrate of waterproof coat, so I hightailed it outta there.

Enjoy!

(Sorry for the slight confusion. I messed up with my postings.) 














 I played pretty seriously back in WotLK, and participated in a realm second Lich King Heroic 10 Man.

Since Cataclysm's release, I've stepped back a little bit and not played as seriously. I've had a lot of jip from guild members and been branded as if I'm in for the loot.

This is by no means a description of me. I'm far from it.

I play the game as what it's meant to be. A Game. I don't care for loot, or who goes into raids instead of me - I know what it's like to be a raid leader, it's a pain in the arse to find a right setup.

I like to Roleplay, but by no means is it a requirement for me. I'm willing to transfer to any realm on the EU rack. 

[Here's](http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/character/nagrand/zeifer/simple) my main character - a hunter - on the armoury. 

I will be transferring my level 43 hunter over, though. I still have a few friends on my current server and I wouldn't like to lose most contact with them. (I'm currently on Nagrand EU)

I will be able to level this up in a week or 2, though.

I would prefer Horde too, so I wouldn't have to cough up for a Faction Transfer also.

I know it's a long shot, but I hope to hear back from interested people. :) 









 Just shortlisting places I can go for a holiday that's a bit Far-Flung from the UK.

What kind of things is there I can do that a little off the beaten track?

I've had a look around the Canada tourism sites, just wondering if there's much else that could be of interest!

Edit: Derp. Typos. 














 First nosleep post. I've had a couple of freaky experiences where I live right now, I'm on a lunch break at work atm, so I've only got the time for one, so here goes. :)

It was a warm summer night. Unusually warm for northern england, even in the middle of summer.

I was sleeping with no covers over me, just wearing my boxer shorts.

I must have woke up around 3am, lying on my side, greeted by the sight of my black wallpaper. I sighed heavily, knowing I'm not going to be able to fall back asleep now. Hah! If only I knew!

I slowly turned onto my back, to face the roof. I expected to see my Alchemy Gothic "Devil take the Wyrm" poster right above me. What I saw instead curdled my blood, yet I couldn't bring myself to do anything.

A disembodied head, gnarled features. Missing an eye. His other eye, bright red staring right back at me.

He grinned. His teeth (those which were left, anyway) were a horrible shade of yellow. 

The light coming from the side of me illuminated his face with a pale blue glow. I slept that night with the curtains open, I regretted it right at that moment, it made everything so much spookier.

Time seemed to freeze for what felt like an eternity. I couldn't move, it was like he had me pinned down.

And then he vanished.

I heard a car squeal its brakes in the distance, then an engine roar.

I didn't sleep for days afterward, fearing he would visit again when I wasn't expecting him. 














 Hey Doggit!

Just thought I'd ask, as my dog's been doing this for years and I'm curious as to why he'd be doing it;

Everywhere I walk my dog, he'll stop, sniff and start licking something he finds interesting. Be it a plant, the concrete floor, a wall, tree stump. Anything. He doesn't do it at home though, which is strange.

I find this slightly weird, and all google searches only really come up with dogs licking carpets at home.

If it helps any, he's a Border Collie, about 8 years old now. 



















 Was supposed to arrive at work at 8:30am this morning, but never turned up after setting off at 7:50am.

I recieved a text off him at 8:10 saying one word: Adios.
Police have been contacted, and his phone is turned off.

May have gone to the Lincoln area.

If you see him, please contact Greater Manchester Police on 0161 872 5050 quoting the Log number 551, on the 8th March 2011.

About 5'11, medium length hair - brown, has a spidery-like fringe, has a few weeks of beard on him. 
May be wearing Barry Bennett Ltd work shirt, but may have changed clothes.

**Edit: Call off the search! We found him. He was wandering the streets looking completely lost.** 









 When I first talked to one of my friends over there via skype, I heard a little squeal when I said "Hi."
It's almost unnerving, would I be violated if I came over and started talking? 









 I'm 18 stone (252 pounds) and I'm 6 foot 1, I'm 21 and I'm pretty sure I seriously need to start losing weight, fast.

I've taken up Rock Climbing and am doing that once a week, and I'm starting to eat less junk and more healthy stuff.

I'm trying to figure out the best way to exercise that will drop the fat from me in the best way, I'm coming up with Running or Swimming, but I'd thought I'd ask you guys for some help. :)

Edit: Thanks for the tips folks, I gotta dash, break at work is over. I'll read up when I get home!

Edit2: Wow! Thanks for all the replies, I looked through all of them and I appreciate all your advice. :) Thanks a lot! It'll help! 




 I live up north in England. Ask Me Anything! :D 
























 I'm probably a tad late for this one, but I'll post anyway.
Not even my story, either, but my Parents'.

I was 12, and I was staying out at a friends place a few miles away, my sister was also out at her friends just down the street.

Must have been about 11pm, my parents were sat on the sofa downstairs, watching TV and getting ready to go to sleep, when they heard a small thumping upstairs from my room, then nothing.

A minute or two later, down the stairs came 5 or 6 little bouncy balls (You know, the kind which are tiny, choking hazards to children and bounce like motherfuckers)

Now, in order for the bouncies that were in my room to come down the stairs, they'd have to roll out of my room, down a corridor, turn left twice and then bounce down.

Here's the funny bit.

*Mine were still in my room*

 My sister didn't own any. She wasn't awesome enough. 




 I'd imagine just holding it out if your arms are long enough (Or if the chainsaw is shorter), then stabbing yourself with it. 

[](/pinkamina) 




 Making a Re-entry, Commander Shepard style 




 I'm in Warehousing and Transport. I like the transport side of things, but the warehousing is monotonous and boring as all hell. But it gets stuff shipped countrywide, so I guess I'm doing a good job. 




 If it's just a quick, write a list and you get whatever's on that list..

House for me. House overseas for the parents, when they retire, Spain most likely.
House for my sister and her boyfriend, just to shut 'em up

Clear all current loans. Buy a new car for me, nothing flash, though!

Buy a bunch of tailored clothes, because I'm sick of wearing Jeans and graphic tees. :( 




 It's been 5 years, but every time your name comes up on the Instant Messenger and we talk, the memories come flooding back.

I don't think I'll ever be fully over you.. It's probably why I'm not even slightly interested in dating still.
 




 Well, as I open the most played playlist on my phone..

[Alex S - Party with Pinkie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sryqaS07WaU)

followed closely by

[In Flames - Deliver Us](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTiQ75HY0DA ob=av3e) 




 Been using 'em a while now. Very good. Using speedtest.net I get 9MBS. I'm pretty sure we're signed up for the 10MB service, too. 

Though I recall they used to provide a 16MB service, we might have signed up for that. 




 I've never actually been, but I've driven past it a few times when heading to the Academy for a gig.

I'll have to drop in sometime. 




 Coolio55

*cringe*

train_subject8542 is set in stone now, been using this since I was 15. 




 White Russians, or Vodka + Coke. They're only if I've got some money to throw, though.

Otherwise it's just a bottle of cider for me! 




 Pet Puppies seems to work, but I quite like Watch Ponies myself.

[](/hahaha"Because Ponies are awesome.") 




 Aye, could be. I've raid healed on a druid (85) in ToC before, but druids and paladins are totally different. xD 




 I can heal... when I eventually get back to playing properly. 
Might need a little bit of practice in Raid healing, though.

If not, I can powerlevel my hunter.. I have a _lot_ of experience with them 




 Not sure. I saw the stream pause for a few seconds during the Audience Questions, but otherwise it seemed pretty seamless. 




 This took too long to write up.  
[](/twicrazy"Clock...is.. TICKING!") 









 I can't even get back to the proper sign in page now, I've just logged out and I get the e-mail sign up form.

Try signing out of facebook, maybe? I don't have one. 




 I signed up with just my e-mail. There's a small link under the "Sign up with Facebook" button saying "Sign up with e-mail" 




 Totally up for it, but my sister's 18th is the same night. Next time! 




 Underwear by Royal Republic 




 Lots of shit flinging going on in here.

What the fuck, did I go to a school where the kids were _mostly_ normal?

Weirdest kid in our school was a Jehovah's Witness. Liked to poke everyone he met. He came knocking on my door the other day. Poked me in the nose for old times' sake and wandered off. 




 22 in a few weeks here. Full time Warehouser/Van Driver/Techie for 5 years, Engineer's Assistant for a year before that.

I keep the Ponies and IRL seperate. Moreso after my sister spilled the beans on my Pony music listening habits to facebook. Coworkers saw and ribbed me for a few days.  




 When it comes to society breakdown, or invasion - us brits are screwed. xP I wouldn't even know where to begin looking to find a firearm.

I got lots of sharp pointy things. Do they count? (I'm an avid weapon collector. Got various axes, swords and daggers mounted in my room) 




 Sorry. I mean I'd just forget the doors were smaller, and bash my head on the top of the doorframe.

I type like I talk. :D 




 Hide in the woods. As long as I was quiet about it, I doubt they'd come looking for me. Take a lot of tinned food and see how long I'd last. Sneak out and scavenge shops for more tinned, precooked food.

I'd be a terrible fugitive. 




 I'd say the same, but only if I was a pony myself. Those doors are tiny, I would slip up and twat my head on a door many times.

[](/hahaha"Because Ponies are awesome.") 




 What?! Sweet is outdated?

Fuck. 




 Hell, I still kind of like them. Their new album I can quite happily listen to. I listen to music to fill the day, I don't listen for imperfections, or genius.

It's a band (or a person) who's picked up an instrument, or sang, put it on a CD so I can listen to it.

I'm not gonna give anyone shit for listening to anything.

Haters gonna hate. 




 Could be, though I'm not sure how they'd get in the space between my floor and the kitchen roof.

Hell, how they'd even get in the house is a question in itself, I have a dumb, lovable dog and 2 bastard cats which attack anything that moves. 




 Every single night, about 1am-ish, there's a scratching in my floor. It doesn't wake me up, I just hear it if I'm awake.
 
At first, I thought it was my dog, scratching at something downstairs, but one night, I was downstairs and I heard the scratching above me.

I've been hearing it since I moved in, about 13 years ago. I want to know what it is! 




 [](/derpwizard)I derp'd 
 




 I saw some "Malteaster" chocolates in Mid November. Kinda did a double take at the petrol station I was at. 




 Not sure. Being a site writer on a fansite, I should really know these things.

"Pinkie Pie tries babysitting Cake's twin toddlers but finds it harder than she thought."

back to the subreddit! [](/hahaha) 




 Just wait 'til Saturday. It's gonna be brilliant! [](/ppboring) 




 When I was 14 or something and still used myspace, I believed that the 9/11 terrorist attacks were an inside job.

Yeah - I grew out of that pretty quick. 




 [](/flutteryay) Not all warehousers are assholes. 

I'm a warehouser.  It's all about personal taste. 




 I'll be outside with a giant swizzle straw! [](/party) 




 It's like a great big black hole.
Once you're in, you never leave.

This is not a bad thing [](/hahaha"I wouldn't want to, anyway!") 




 My brain says I should be ashamed, but my heart is currently fist pumping. 




 Well, you've all knocked us Mancs off the top spot.

I'm not sure whether to be ashamed or proud of this. 




 [](/hahaha) Happy New Year from the UK, Everypony! I may had had one too many doughnuts...

[](/punchdrunk) 




 My brain broke even trying to read this.
[](/derp)

I tried 5 times. 




 [](/hahaha"I want to go to the Future!")Maybe in 10 years, when we have some amazing paper.

 




 Currently [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JETHNPLV7Tk).
It'll probably stick for a while too. 




 I have two peices of advice for you. 

Try to avoid Salford at night, and for the love of god, don't mention Scousers unless you're taking the piss out of them. Or Southerners for that matter. 




 Good. Channel that rage.

Right into that there Dragon's neck. 




 Ow! Arrow!
It came from the sky! **IT WAS THE DRAGONBORN!** 




 After wasting weeks and weeks on heroic mode, I started to really dislike "AS YOUR PATHETIC MAGIC BETRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYS YOOOOU"

I was a hunter too, so it didn't even affect me! 




 Yep. Dropped the parents off at my Aunts and I stayed back. With the girls it's shopping and gossip, with the guys, it's football and beer, and there'll be about 10 kids running and screaming.

I just want to chill out and chill with friends, talk shiny things and play video games. 




 The Fire isn't even available here in the UK, I've got the Kindle 4 (non-touch) 




 Slow as in slow to change page? I got the download off EQD and it seems to be running fine!  




 Got my kindle for Christmas too.

[This is going to take a looooong time to read.](http://i.imgur.com/y6KyT.jpg) 




 KFC do breakfasts?
Shit, I've never seen them. What are they offering? 




 I'm not sure. My daft mate left the reciept in from Argos, was 20 or something. Still bloody awesome. I love it, been after one for a while. 




 If you're only 10 minutes away, it's not too bad. Though the campsite has some great craic going on. 




 Download Festival Tickets (:D!) and a laser projector to make pretty patterns on the roof.

 




 Last week, I'd gone to bed quite late, despite having to get up early the next day. The parents and the sister knew I was going to be doing a looooong drive down to London to deliver stuff - rest was vital.

It's 2am. "Can you come pick me up? I'm in Manchester, I don't want to wait for a bus.."

I promptly told her to shove it and went back to sleep. 




 "Dude. Do you wanna go play ball or go for a run or something?"

**"SHIT YEAH"** 




 I love him. Every time I fight him, I always /y "TIMMAY!" back at him. 




 Ooooooh. Yeah, I've been posting a fair bit in the past few days. 




 You do? What did I say or do for you to remember me? D: 




 Recommended, essential reading - I don't care! Gimmie!  




 I masturbated during my grandmother's funeral.

*Well.* 




 I'm not sure if I like bananas.. 




 As a Mancunian - I have no idea.

At least we're winning in something other than football! All we need now is Masturbation as an olympic sport, and we'll be champs. 




  I masturbated during my grandmother's funeral.

How the hell did you manage that..? 




 Fall in your dream. Wake up. Dangling from a rope god know how high up.

Pants wil be shat in. 




 Yes. I was in a LD for just under 2 years, and the times when we met were the best I ever had. I'm in England, she was in Belgium. Nothing like getting tacklehuggedkissed at the train platform. 




 There might be nanobots inside, be careful! We don't want another "Mummy" situation. 




 I have the client downloaded at home, and I made my account last night. I'm just wondering, is there a free trial period?

Also, I'm looking forward to playing. I haven't read much into it, as I signed up and downloaded last night on a whim after seeing a billboard ad on the way home from work 




 I should really get on more.. Steam Sales has me hooked again. Still only at ilvl 365, so I can't queue for LFR yet. 

Soon. 




 serious procrastination. if there's something I need to do, I'll put it off. Everything. Ever.

I should be working now 




 I'm coo' with it. I get back from work and it's a new bunch of games. :D 




 Graham Linehan was tweeting a few links. Caught me hook, line and sinker. 




 not widely used, but try posting this to /r/missingpersons too! 




 [Malukah - The Dragonborn Comes (and Skyrim Main Theme)](http://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t rct=j q=malukah source=web cd=2 sqi=2 ved=0CC8QtwIwAQ url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D4z9TdDCWN7g ei=kmvuTuHmDcP08QOloZ2JCg usg=AFQjCNFDtSaSTtBGx8DlZwHNIj0ocdPoaA sig2=m1Ilolbz9jEL-4JH6MUzGw)

Coooool. 




 It's like a horrible car crash. It's horrible, but you gotta look at it. 




 There's a good amount of pony subreddits. A pretty daft amount, now I think about it. 

There's a subreddit for each character, the main sub, the NSFW sub, the sad sub, the stoner pony (stony) sub.. I could go on.

Maybe they're all posting at the same time. 




 There are some of the fans (myself included) who aren't pony nutcases, and I generally keep my pony antics in /r/mylittlepony, but there are always fans who let it leak a bit too much, though. 




 You're makin' that sound like a bad thing, Sugahcube.[](/squintyjack) 




 Aaaw! Why do BC's look so awesome when you put them in a neckerchief? 

I'm going to get one and see if mine will chill with it. 




 Okie-dokie-lokie, I'll drop you a PM with my address. 




 Cool! Do you wish to initiate the mailings, or shall I? 




 I have Skyrim already. :P 




 If it helps any, I'm English and I love visiting historical sites.

Should've said, really: I'd love to travel to far flung places, as well! I might jump in my car and visit a few of the English sites, and I'm definitely going to head to Ireland at some point. I've always wanted to visit Giant's Causeway 




 ISHYGDDT

(I seriously hope you guys don't do this.)
 




 Sure am! I'll drop you a PM with my e-mail 




 Whenever I go to the city centre, I usually park in a little car park just past Salford Central. Just off New Bailey Street, before it becomes Bridge Street

If you've got a satnav, put in Browncross Street. If not, when you go under the bridge with Salford Central, turn left down the side street just after Stephensons. 

Parked there a while back for a few quid, though it's a bit of a walk for the Arena.  




 I didn't get one..

:( 




 Indeed! I'll PM you my e-mail 




 I had a terrible time with Sky. The first month we had, we had fantastic speed, then for about 5 or 6 months after that, the speed we had was abysmal. I was lucky if I could download a 3 or 4 MB file within a few hours

I lost my temper with it so many times I ended up buying a 3G dongle 'til my dad saw sense with it. 




 Nokia.

I fell off the wagon and got an iPhone, then realised my mistake. I'm on my N8 now. Admittedly, Symbian is a pile of balls, but it makes phone calls, sends messages and lets me dick about on Reddit and Google+ just fine. 




 I lived on that for months. Had a horrible comedown. :( I'm a sucker for citrus energy drinks. 




 I think Youtube has issues with popular videos. It might stick at a number for a long time. 

Usually when I check it again a week later or something, It'll be (somewhat) accurate 




 Up for writing to anywhere, really! Get a grasp on how other people live their lives compared to mine.

I'm a bit of a technophile, and I love games and gaming in general. If I'm not working or gaming, I'll probably be lurking on the internet, or in the pub.  




 Unfortunately, I'm on the piss in Newcastle for the work's annual christmas do.

Maybe next time! 




 I have been swayed! I'm going to finish Skyrim tonight (I'm on the last quest for the main story now) and I shall resub tomorrow, maybe. 




 Aye, true. But still. xD I'll finish Skyrim and see if I can get back in the swing of things with my holycow 




 Picking up, huh? :) Might be tempted to resub, though I'm trying to kick my habit of playing games all day every day, and I've still got Skyrim to finish! 




 I was visiting Florida back in '04 and was in Orlando. After hearing many hurricane warnings, we headed back to the hotel (we were on a ground floor outside facing room), closed the windows and put a towel or 5 against the front door.

Slept straight though it. Totally missed it. As ol' blighty never gets any extreme weather, I was kinda gutted 




 At my desk at work. Bolton - England. 

Dullest town in England, I assure you. :P 




 Indeed you may!

[My tattoo of Red XIII's Tattoo](http://i.imgur.com/7qPFO.jpg)

[One of my Dragon Characters](http://i.imgur.com/5cqUb.jpg)

Also, obligatory /r/tattoos subreddit plug. :D 




 Hah. Maybe. :P No rush, though! Don't go crazy on behalf of me. :P 

I'm a little broke at the moment, so I'm cutting back on stuff. WoW being one of them. 




 Fair enough! If you hit 85 before december, drop me a message - I'll come heal a dungeon or two for yous :D 




 I played for a little while - though I've gone off WoW recently. I've got a few days left of gametime, but then my sub runs out. If you're in the 85's, I'll come heal some dungeons for you, see if I still got it. :D 




 My lights are working a-ok, but you just reminded me that one of my Reverse lights are out.

I shall fiddle with it later, thanks for the reminder! :D 




 Not completely finished yet - Still need to get it coloured in.

Paul is an awesome artist, but his waiting list is huuuge! I'll try and get a clearer picture for when it's finished.

the dragon is a personal character of mine. [Jen Philpot](http://jocarra.deviantart.com) was the artist who drew the original picture. Paul modified it a little so it'd fit my arm 





























 I find myself going a few weeks without masturbating at times. It's not even like I abstain, I just don't feel like it most of the time.

So yeah, it depends on the person and how they say it, and situation dependant. 




 I'm writing one at the moment. I have a backstory and an ending in mind. The rest is as it goes.

Though i'm doing a _lot_ of procrastination on that. 

I'd say so! 




 My border turns 11 this year too! He's still as manic as ever. I think they Immortal, sometimes. 




 Apps on smartphones. I see other people's handsets and they're absolutely overloaded on silly games, gadgets and other faffery. 

I have a couple of News apps and a music mood thinger, and that's it. I can't sit and stare at my phone for extended periods of time. 




 "Dude, it's been like 10 years. Wait 'til you see the fucking sweeet flying car I learned to fly. I can do loops and shit with it, though I have bumped a few kids on their hoverboards.

Also, dude. Space Marines are _real_" 




 Thanks! I love making up characters - though I never thought I'd make one for the ME universe. Yet another character to wander around in my head. :D 




 Well, that's what I get on average a month. I get about 60MPG when I drive well enough 




 As someone who fills up once per month on a payday - the whole Panic Buying thing _really_ ticked me off today. I was forced to buy the Premium stuff because I like to run my tank to fumes before filling up.

Yeah, Kinda my own fault, but the whole thing kicked off on Monday - guess who had no money until today. :(

300 miles to a tank though. Bitchin'. 




 I'd probably be a Quarian Engineer.

Rei'einya vas Sayania - Left the Migrant fleet to embark upon his pilgrimage, and is still on it! He has spent years wandering the Galaxy, salvaging, fixing and interacting with the other races as he goes.

In his travels, he's managed to save up enough credits to buy himself a small frigate, which he uses to travel to and fro. He is a free spirit and is even considering returning to the Migrant Fleet, to announce his plans to remain outside the fleet. He'll visit, obviously, but he enjoys exploring and meeting new people far too much.

(Oh god, did I just make a Mass Effect OC? Keelah..) 




 It was a sort of nick I came up with a few years back. Stuck with it longer than all my previous alias' - and it's better than;

Coolio55, Cid55 and NatH 




 Doctor Who. There are so many mind fucks on your first run, watching it all again isn't the same, you know what goes down.

Also - Mass Effect, because aside from the ending, holy shit all 3 games were amazing. 




 [](/twibeam)I have absolutely no idea what I just read, but it was full of **SCIENCE** 




 Redbubble are good. Ordered a few shirts off there. :) They were shipped pretty quick too. 




 My ringtone is the "Gimmie Gimmie Shock Treatment" Static X cover

[](/priceless)and my text tone is John De Lancie saying "Guh, this again?" 




 When I first saw the ["HUURRR I'M A HOERS"](http://pigroll.com/img/hurr_im_a_hoers.jpg) Image.

Damn, I had to stop what I was doing for 20 minutes to calm down. 




 [](/fabulous)I'm subbed to 189 subreddits, and it's kind of hard to pick my favourite.

I post the most here in AskReddit, but I lurk a _lot_ on /r/mylittlepony

 




 My friend went in there and did the test, He knew it was all grip strength that sent the reading wacky. It was funny as hell. If the poor guy interviewing him believed it worked, he must have thought my friend was a proper nutjob 




 [](/hahaha) Not OP - but I airsoft a fair bit.

Most airsoft guns are battery powered, some pistols are gas powered though. If you're hiring on site, most places will offer replica coloured guns, though you can buy your own two-toned with no UKARA Licence

Airsoft shots sting like a bitch, but not as bad as paintball - I think a single hit anywhere on the body will count as a kill.

Obviously, rules can vary site to site.

As for your knockout - Go for it, it'll be funny. Take vids. 




 It was my first visit to the Netherlands ever in '07. 

I'd love to visit again, everyone was so nice. :D  




 [](/pinkiefear)Brugge, Belgium: Holy shit so many bikes 




 [](/flutteryay)The stars, the moon,
They have all been blown out,
You left me in the dark.

No dawn, no day,
I'm always in this twilight,
In the shadow of your heart.  




 [](/hahaha)I think it might be 50 times _today_

[Caravan Palace - Clash](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yebo5ILBMC0 ob=av2n) 




 Fuck, it hurts just even thinking about it... 




 If you were the Goofy in Florida in 2004, and the stupid teenager ran away from you - My bad, you chased me a little bit. It was warm and I can only imagine how you felt in the suit. 




 Aw, and I got all excited then too.
Welp, now I know how to fuck with people. :D 




 Because cake is ace. 




 Must have been about 6 years ago now, we were just getting into DnD and we were in the process of creating our characters. 

Most of us had already read through the rulebook and were in the process of refining them, our other friend was still reading through, picking his class and traits and all that. 

It was pretty late on, and the host's little sister was asleep.

Suddenly, with absolutely no warning, the guy reading the rulebook just shouted out "I CAN'T READ"

We blinked - assumed he meant he couldn't read, and was looking at the pictures in the rulebook. We were rolling around the place laughing.

He looked totally dumbfounded and then was all "Ah! No! My character! Not me!"

It was too late, the little sister had woken up, and we were in for shit when the host's parents woke up. 




 Hmm.. I've always thought of this. I'd go for a Augmented Reality interface, coupled up with a personal HUD embedded in my vision. With a sweet aesthetic look - much like SFX contact lenses. 

I could turn the Augmented view off with a series of blinks though, I could see it getting in the way if I ever just wanted to see something pretty.

And maybe some kind of heat resistant material on my hands. I burn my hands all the damn time picking up pans and oven trays and shit.  




 Yeah.. I was gonna say. I took Tali and Garrus and saw them on the cinematic.

Eh. I'm still confused. 




 Wait, the guys you take died on the beam?

I was so immersed, I didn't even notice, I was just all "GOTTA GET TO THE BEAM"...

I feel bad now. 




 I think they're still on the Tom + Jerry chef stuff in the UK

(Van driver - I pass them all the time) 




 Custard Creams. Man, I'll kill for those things. 




 I didn't _hate_ the ending.. I just hated the lack of sense it made, and the complete lack of a follow up to either choice you made.

[No matter what, Shep dies (Unless you get that secret ending), but no matter the choice you have (Synth, destruction or control), the Relays get destroyed, and all we're left with is a Normandy Crash Landing on an unknown planet with your crew who were with you not 15 minutes ago, running behind you before you got fried](/spoiler)

_There's no follow up, that's what makes me mad._ What Shep did at the end was totally in character, he'd do that if it meant it would end the threat. 




 Hah, hey there fellow Brony! :D [](/hahaha)

I'll just echo [Honilee's](http://www.reddit.com/r/asexuality/comments/qsdun/i_was_routed_here_by_some_bronies/c403dzi) comment, discovering the sub and the community just gave me that sense of "Dude.. This is me." and there's others like me. 




 Ho, dawgies, I've been digging in ASDA's blind bags. 




 Superbad. Seriously dislike the film. Jonah Hill's character made me want to pick up and leave my friend's house mid-watch.

 




 Aah, I was in Blue last year. We were camped next to some guys playing some crazy Toilet Roll + Water bottle drinking game. 




 Shortly after being showered. [Oh god why am I posting this](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-rQN-trCzSCk/T1PdmKfodWI/AAAAAAAAOfI/fss2tV2Jjr0/h301/2012-03-04-032.jpg)
I am making a pathetic attempt to gain facial hair.

It is miserably failing. 




 Dude, where were you camped? You look awfully familiar.  




 I dropped history in my 4th year, took on Geography instead

In the 3 years I did take history though, I learned absolutely naff all, really. 

We were more focused on the World Wars, Ancient Egypt, and I remember this point where we focused on this fella dubbed "Peat Man" 




 Despite how much I hate Hollyoaks (British TV soap opera - total bollocks), [I quite like the intro](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iL6gZJC48c feature=related) 




 Still feel for you guys having to do the dwarves while I was dicking around in Org with me new mount! :D 




 Doesn't do wood, though.. 




 I would! If in a year I still want a pony-related tat, I'll get one. Subtle-like. 




 PONIES!

Man, the more I look at the word Ponies, the less sense it makes. 




 If you don't mind the source - [Smile, Smile, Smile!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNrXMOSkBas) From MLP cheers me right up

_"I love to see you grin. (Awesome!), I love to see you beam. (Rock on!) The corners of your mouth turned up, is always Pinkie's dream! (Hoof bump!)_ 




 Sorry to be a pain, Lorck, but can you remove Zeifey from the list? I dragged my 85 hunter over from my old realm.

Shaile is pretty much ready for raiding. 366 ilevel currently, Valour capped this week, which is a pain, but I'll replace my current 333 trinket and 346 ring when the reset hits wednesday, should be good to LFR then! 




 Fellow My Little Companion user! Greetings! 




 I don't get ID'd for Alcohol any more.

It's awesome, but after the 7th consecutive time, I realised.. I'm getting old. 




 I listen to Nickelback

I watch My Little Pony

Dogs  Cats

And one more for kicks. I don't like Sex 




 /r/mylittlepony

It's seriously made me what I am today. Just on an accidental click on the Random button. 




 "Don't be a dick" 




 Go to Options  Video, and there's a drop down menu. you can pick Fullscreen, Windowed or Windowed (Fullscreen)

Windowed (Fullscreen) is the borderless mode. It's a dream when you're running multiple monitors. 




 Definately set on my hunter now

Zeifey - DPS

Might be another week before I hit 85. Soon, though! 




 Chronicle.

Sweeeeeet.
[Unless I was the guy who got killed.  Or the fucked up kid.](/spoiler)

Edited for Spoilers. Sorry! Posted last thing last night 




 I knew it was either Adventure or Quest, I always get mixed up.

I never actually noticed that though. :D 




 Played the shit out of DK Country 2: Diddy Kong's Adventure when I was a kidder on my SNES. Got it for an emu the other month and played the shit out of it again. 




 http://www.wow-petopia.com/ 




 My friend uses this, and I keep swearing I'll use this myself one day:

TM: Hey there, can I speak to Mr or Mrs [Lastname]

Friend: ... They died last week! [sobs]

TM: Oh.. I'm sorry.

Making a Telemarketer awkward is always awesome, but if it was the bank, (They'd tell him) he'd be like "Oh no, they're fine. I'm just messin'" 




 I can't find the image again, and I never saved it. Kicking myself for that. I remember it being a cleaning cart with a paragraph on it 




 Seriously. I've been stuck in a dead end job for 5 years running now, and after seeing one image a few weeks back, I realised what the hell I was doing - absolutely nothing.

I am now in the planning stages of starting my own business - an LAN centre (I've a passion for gaming and socialising)
I'm now in the mindset that _I can totally fucking do this!_

I'm inquiring into properties and this weekend, I think I'm going checking out one of the places I've eyed up.

So again, from the very bottom of my heart, Thank you, /getmotivated.

Stay Hungry. 




 Levelled a hunter to 85, raided with him in heroic WoTLK content and most of Cata normals. Currently levelling another on a different realm + faction.

1. Nope - Int was _okay_ back before Cata, but with the change to Focus, Int is useless now. Get the mail gear (or the leather set at a push)

2. It's not too bad - but I'm not too much of a PvPer, I arena'd with a Holydin for a bit in WoTLK and I had a fair bit of fun kiting warriors and paladins

3. Depends. Questing is BM hands down. Get a bear or another [Tenacity pet](http://www.wow-petopia.com/). Personal tank!  If you're Dungeon levelling, (It's been a while for me) it doesn't really matter, whichever suits your playstyle.  




 May 17th.. Dad's birthday is 13th May.

Great. 




 DeviantART + Snopes, mostly. Never did finish reading the Urban Legends 




 If you also lack a sexual drive, you could be Asexual 

/r/asexuality and [AVEN](http://www.asexuality.org/home/) should help you find out. :) 




 Of course I do, in the blood of my enemies. 




 It's true I do own an axe and do have tendencies to go into a frothing rage.

But I am quite civilised and will sit down for a cup of tea before swinging like a savage 




 Well, I've been unacceptable for years.

I wear a beanie at work. 




 Coolio55

Yeah. Habbo Hotel, baby. 




 Music tastes are subjective. Everyone has their own.. style that they like best. SOAPF and Reroute to Remain really do it for me with In Flames 




 I think I'll be lynched by r/metal (again) for this, but In Flames. A Sense of Purpose was a bit meh, but Sounds of a Playground Fading is my new favourite album. :D

Anders has changed his vocal style from a deep growl to a more.. screamy style. But it's a nice one. They've gotten a lot more melodic too. They've been going 22-ish years now, to be fair. 




 Not necessairly weird or crazy, but I can only remember bits and peices, but it's been the only dream I've remebered for months.

It's a normal day. Walking in the town centre on a cold winter's day.. and it suddenly gets warm. Warm enough to take the jacket I was wearing off and wrap it around my waist.

It's getting warmer and warmer, I look up, wondering if we just happened to catch a good day... The sun was much bigger than before. It was getting bigger.

All of a sudden, I'm in some kind of Canyon, steam rising from the river at the bottom.  I must be flying, because I look down and I'm right over the chasm, I've no body. The sun was supposed to be setting, though if it was midday, it probably would have taken up half the sky at least.

Then suddenly, an explosion over the horizon. I look back up, A wall of white rips the canyon below me apart. There is nothing left.

I wake up. Somehow the curtains were open and the sun was right in my face.  

I think I witnessed the end of the world. 




 Lets see...

[Alex S - Party with Pinkie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sryqaS07WaU)

[Devildriver - Grinfucked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWKppF-ZcBI)

[Florence   The Machine - Cosmic Love](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EIeUlvHAiM ob=av3e)

(Edited for song links) 




 Way too many. My head is a whirly-swirly bastard machine full of ideas. I might try pitching an idea at some point, they're super fun to watch in my head. 




 It's my cake day too!

It's not going too bad, actually. Quite boring. 




 It was 2002 (or somewhere around that time)

Furbies were just starting to gain popularity and we were on holiday in Turkey. We saw them. My 12 year old self and my 8 year old sister _had_ to have one.

I settled for a green one, and my sister went for a black and white one.

We played quite happily with them for a day or two. Poking its belly, sticking our fingers in their mouth, all that jazz.

There was that one night, it was stormy as all hell outside, our parents were at the hotel bar downstairs, me and my sister were in the room, trying to sleep on the sofas, Furbies on the tables opposite us.

The lightning cracked outside, giving the room that lighting you see in horror movies (you know, with the cracked shutters?)

They were there. Staring at us, eyes wider than fucking dinner plates.

These things close their eyes when they "sleep". But there they were, staring at us. My sister was on the other sofa, and hers was doing the same. I heard her start to wail.

"Feed me!"

I don't think I ever punched a toy so hard in my life. 

Since then, not heard a peep off the thing, it's hiding in the attic. Somewhere. Not sure where. I'm always careful when I go up there, though. Demonic little bastards. 




 I'm currently on the "How can I do it?" step.

Mainly because I've no fucking clue what's going on and and stepping way out of my comfort zone on this. 




 Thanks, you too, my good man! 




 Crash Bash was legendary. Wasted many a weekend with my sister playing it. 




 So, today (Yesterday? Meh. it's 1am) was my birthday, and I got to thinking.
What the fuck am I doing? I mean, yes, I'm planning this whole internet/gaming caf thing out, but there's this part of me that knows I'm pretty much secure in this job that I have right now. It's boring as fuck though, and I've been doing it for two years now.

(and that's only because I got shifted department. I did 3 1/2 years in the most soul sucking department ever known to have existed, and I'd still be there now if it wasn't for the fact that I slacked off a bit.)

I digress

I'm a big fat pansy when it comes to security. I've been working almost every day since I was 13. It started with my little paper round I picked up, and since then, my jobs have overlapped each other, only leaving the prior once the workload eventually sent me mad. So that puts me at nearly 10 years working. I went to college for a year (Americans, College here is 16-18. University is 18+) I dropped out after a year, because I couldn't fucking stand it.

Unless I grow a fucking backbone and learn that being a fucking warehouse lackey is an "Inbetween jobs" job and that I should kick my own ass into finding funding and property for my ideas, I'm going to be stuck there for years and years and years. Even the prospect of that pisses me off.

On another point - I live in England. Our nightlife, like many others revolves around getting drunk, flirting, pulling and eventually having sex. Mostly.
Girls won't even look at me twice if they're not drunk.

Here's my problem. I'm not much of a drinker. I'll go out, maybe have a few bevvies, hang out with the lads, then the girls are completely wasted and start flirting with everyone. Every fucker in that bar is out for a one night stand - I'm Asexual - no fucking interest in sex whatso-fucking-ever. Going out on a weekend is a waste of my money, and a waste of my time.

Every few weeks, I lie in bed, thinking. "What the fuck, man. Everyone you know is getting girls, getting engaged and being happy. What have you got? Fucking no-one."
I get sad as hell, and start thinking I'm destined to live alone, that creepy dude living in that flat upstairs all on his own, never leaving except to work. But what the fuck am I to do? I sure as hell don't give a fuck about sex (Aha, pun!), so any relationship I wish to pursue will end up falling apart after a few weeks, because "He's that guy who never puts out, even for his girlfriend"

There. Vent over. If you read it... thanks, I guess? 




 I'm a big scaredy cat when it comes to healing. When I'm on a roll, I'm quite happy. One little fail will send me on a downward spiral of "Oh god I'm terrible why did I even try" as some might have seen a few weeks ago.

I'm a little busy this weekend, but after work (dependant on how I'm feeling, too!) I might give healing another try and see how it goes 




 The fact that _everyone_ is different. No two people are alike - personality wise. There are so many different people to mee, though it makes me a little sad that I'll never get to meet them all. :(

That, and the small acts of kindness I occasionally see. I always feel better after seeing one, then I usually go and do 3 or 4 myself. 




 Visited back in '07. Didn't want to leave. Everyone I met was super-chill and happy to chat for a little bit. My choices would either be Belgium, Sweden or Canada. :D 




 I've lost me authenticator!

I've ordered a new one, but I'm not going to detach my old one until my new one comes in. I'm a little wary of hackers, and I've spent waaaay too much time earning all the gold I have across the realms I play(ed) on. Not risking losing it, even if I can get it back off a GM. xP

~~Hopefully, It'll be here soon.~~ Sorry for not posting earlier. :(

(Disregard that, It got here this morning! See you in game tonight. :D)

~Zeifey 




 Love the Flair! Surprised you put Bolton in there. :P
Layout's pretty cool too. Thanks for the work! :D 




 With the rise of Smartphones and laptops, would an internet Caf be widely used? 




 I'm the same. My nails become nothing if I'm in shotgun, the backseat - I'm not as bad. 

I usually drive when with friends, just for the sake of my sanity! 




 After my abysmal attempt at healing in yesterday's HC dungeon, I think I'll roll with what I know best until I get back into the game (I've been off for a few months)

Gonna roll on with my Hunter (Zeifey) for a while. Might hit 85 end of this week, or mid next week if all goes to plan!  




 Fucking hate this thing. Guaranteed I'll see it every week before I go to bed. (Someone will post it at 1am. They just know, the bastards) 




 Smoked up for the first time last night and got a serious case of the coughs.

I have learned now, and will buy this next time. 




 I wub you too, Karma! [](/raritydaww) 




 I use an Emulator with my copy of the game. I've got a new-ish GPU and it still struggles on very busy environments. Make sure your PC is powerful enough! 




 Shameless copy paste from a reply before:

I toked up tonight with the lads. I didn't reach a [10]. I probably reached somewhere along the lines of a [2] or a [3] I just found things funny for no reason and felt really sleepy.

Then we ordered takeaway and played some halo. 




 Thanks for the advice. I actually toked up tonight with the lads. I didn't reach a [10]. I probably reached somewhere along the lines of a [2] or a [3] I just found things funny for no reason and felt really sleepy.

Then we ordered takeaway and played some halo. 




 Pefect, thank you! Just what I was looking for. We'll be smoking up at their place, and they're my best mates - so I've no worries there. :) 




 Nice one! Wish I was there to cheer you guys on. Next time, you'll have the one lone hunter on, cheering you on from /g :P 




 I've only ever seen Star Wars: Episode 1, the Phantom Menace.

I plan to remedy this, soon. 




 I've not really smoked many cigs, either. I have done a few though, so a joint would probably be best for me. (I have also used a hookah, but with Shish flavouring) 




 I've never smoked before, and for the past few months, I've been considering giving it a try. I know a few smokers IRL, so I'll probably be lighting up with those guys, but they can't really remember their first blaze - it was a while ago

So I've come to you guys for a bit of help.

What should I expect from my first time, so I don't freak out? I think the guys usually just do joints, but they do own bongs. Which is more intense, which would you recommend?

If there's a comprehensive thread on this, feel free to whack me on the head and tell me to go over there. 




 Me too, brony. I actually welled up a little bit. And that's only reserved for when I get hurt lots or other various bad things. 




 I just got back from The Darkest Hour, but I still welled up like it was my kid who just said "Daddy" for the first time. 

I'm not even a dad!

[](/raritydaww"I might just have to take up Babysitting..") 




 [](/allmybits"SHUT UP AND TAKE MY BITS") 




 Dude. I just got finishing watching The Office (US) for the first time.

He's not that crazy, I assure you.
Maybe a little bit crazy. 




 Yeah, but they're cool guys. Pretty relaxed place. I mean, who lets us flings a screaming stuffed monkey around the offices and joins in after 3 or 4 throws? :D 




 I remember when I was offered a job, my name must have been passed around the office as "New guy [train_subject8542] is starting Monday." I had so many friend requests even before I started. xD 

Turns out that total random guy "poking" me 2 weeks before I started was my boss. 




 3.50 for my usual poison in the local. Pint of cider.

Pissed myself when they asked for 7 for a Double Vodka+Coke when I was in Newcastle 




 I'm a member, but I've not been for some time.
It's quite a ways out for me to come down often (I'm in Bolton)

I miss it, but, hey. I usually hung out on the upstairs bouldering walls, and the downstairs ones. I wasn't much of a climber. I belayed a lot, though! 




 True. It's still bloody cold though. : 




 My windscreen was iced this morning, are you in an alternate dimension?! 
























 God.
Damnit.

I will find you, and I will play Barbie Girl RIGHT AT YOU
 




 /r/whatsthisbug might enjoy this one.  




 I just said "If you want me for anything, I'm super active on Google+"

Got the one circle notification a week later. If they don't want to join, let 'em be.

I still have my FB open, but I connect it to nothing, just in case some distant friend wants me for something. 




 Motivated me to lose weight.

/r/loseit 

/r/keto 

and /r/getmotivated got me going. Now it's just a case of keeping at it. 




 (Sorry for the thumbnail there, it's all I've got on the guy, a photo of the sign taken while out running) 









 I drink a lot of Jack Daniels + Apple Juice when I go out sometimes. Stuff's killer.

If I'm feeling particularly flash, I go for White Russians. (Kahlua, Vodka, cream and milk)

Abide. 




 Applejack. Followed by my own art.
Followed by more ponies.

Yeah, that's me alright. 




 Conehead slays me every time

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORQFk5GcgFI 




 (Replied to Fic7i0n41 :) ) 




 A bit of both, really. My home city was ravaged by a plague, forcing survivors to flee. 

During my escape attempt, I was confronted by a wolf. I didn't really learn I was cursed until my 3rd transformation, at that point, I had gained some control over the beast inside.

I have since made it to another city, but the situation here is so tough, I'm merely making ends meet by doing odd jobs here and there, before leaving the city at night, just in case.

And, for my dietary needs, I have been eating a lot more meat. Rarer, too. Comes with the species, I suppose. 




 I'm 25, and I'm a female, if that counts for anything. Only one other person knows of my curse, and she's sworn to keep it secret. 




 Feels good having a local lad win the gold! Went to school and hung in the pub 2 minute down th' road from my current residence. 

We're ripping it up in the Velodrome, eh? They were right with "Home turf advantage" Never seen the brits go mad for it like they have been doing for the past week and a half 




 Obligatory /r/asexuality plug 




 22, Male, Warehouser/Game Designer in Training 




 That's pretty easy, It was one of my first.

I was hired by a Canir - A canine-looking race of people - to find her husband - who had gone missing a year or two ago, who was a Human. Now, I'm not one for interracial relationships - but hey, who am I to argue?

Anyway, after a month or two I found the poor guy begging in one of the slums on a Purseus station. He'd come here to get some "Augs"

Unfortunately, the guy didn't read the T Cs correctly and got filled with untested Augs. Became a Guinea Pig. It was like looking at a Picasso Painting. Didn't want to go home to his partner, so he spent years on Purseus. Took him back after a lot of persuading. 

He wasn't the only guy affected by these cowboy implanters. Station #7 is filled with them.

But what got me the most, was despite his grotesque appearance, his partner still took him back without so much as a second look at him.

Love is a helluva drug. But you won't ever catch me with Augs, even though every other D in the Universe is rocking them. 




 I change it up. 

Sometimes, I'll wear a button-up shirt open, over a plain t-shirt or just a plain graphic tee, either wearing jeans or cargo pants.
Skate shoes or steel-toed work boots.

I have long hair, pretty much always tied up in a Ponytail
(I'm Male)
 




 They're pretty common out in the far reaches of the Andromeda, but the areas close to the transporter gates are squeaky clean, although the songs you speak of aren't really well known any more. It's all about the thumping basslines and the wacky synthesiser in most places.

Don't get me started on the "Dames". You wouldn't believe how many times I've been tailing a guy and he's sent a fine lookin' lass over to "see" me. More often than not, it's a distraction. They're easy to spot when they're only a distraction. Comes with the job. 




 Toan is pretty robotic, really. He's a little boring, but he's really helpful! I should really get a fun AI one day, just to see his reaction.

Travelling times between galaxies are pretty instantaneous, the gates enable this - it's just the travelling _to_ the gates that take time! Most gates are a few days travel from the more popular areas, thanks mostly to FTL travel. 

So in short - Average is a few days.

None of us really know how the gates work, though. 




 Male, 22, English.
As of 1st August 2012 - I am 265lbs and 6ft 2in

Might be a good motivation to actually fully jump on board! 




 Can't talk too much about my latest quarry, hell, don't know much about him myself yet. 

It's the year 2150 in standard Earth (Not like that means much anymore..), though the rest of the Universe has their calendars set at 6630.

I have a small frigate I pilot alongside my ship's AI, Toan

Ask me Anything!  




 I may have misheard that, but did he say something about "The President of the United Kingdom"?

Edit: After a re-listen on my home speakers rather than my crappy work speakers, he says "Leaders, past and present of the United Kingdom" 




 Oh, cool. It was such a strange find for me, I've never seen anything other than a normal Moth.. It looked like a fuzzy ball with wings. 




 Not entirely sure where it might have come from, though - it flew out from behind a box in the back of a courier's van. 









 [](/pinkiefear)And now, reading your post, I have realised the exact same thing.
I have dragons all over my shelves... but ponies are situated on my monitor, on my wallpapers, on my phone, on my shirts.

[](/fluttersrs)Those blasted sneaky ponies.

[](/twicrazy "I wouldn't have it any other way!") 




 [](/05)She was missing for half the episode, doesn't count! 

[](/20)But she was kind of super awesome in that episode to be fair, but
she really didn't have much screentime in S2 overall, I thinks. 




  [](/00) Yes! Season 2 didn't get nearly enough AJ-centric episodes. 




 I'm heading in this weekend. I'll be in a cowboy hat. Lurking with two cosplayers. If you spot us, wave! 




 Oh man. I played with First and Only in the Rochdale area - they had a mill before the place was closed down for demolition, I think.

Anyway. It was the last game, so it was fancy dress day. I turned out in full pirate gear. Sash, frilly shirt, headband. The works.

We had a guy who looked similar to the Sniper from TF2, and the only other guy I can remember was a guy in full 80's disco getup.

Lets just say, to anyone observing on the outside, A pirate with a latex knife chasing a guy in a disco getup looked pretty hilarious.

Or serious, if they didn't know gaming was going on. 




 http://jamey4.deviantart.com/art/Derpy-Hooves-Raining-Tears-287325411

There's the source! 




 Any chance of sharing the skins? I'm interested in that music one.. Vinyl is best. 




 Pretty much lurking all day. 




 My dog, once being presented his dish of food, will wait until I have left the room before he proceeds to eat.

I tested this. I put his dish down, and stood on the other side of the same room. He just looked at me until I walked through the door. 




 I feel like I've accomplished something now. 




 Not directly, but Commander Shep in ME3. The ending I got... I cried 




 It all depends on the driver of the car - in the UK, we insure the car for certain people to drive it. 

For example, if it was just my dad on the policy, it might cost about 700 for him, because he's been driving way longer than I have, and he's in the lesser risk age group. 




 It really is a rip off - but build up a decent no claims and it'll go right down.

Up until this month's renewal, I was paying 2,200 for my insurance - I drive a Toyota Aygo. A reliant robin could probably go faster than me on long straights.

Seems like I'm plugging, but Insure the Box have brought my premium right down - my renewal this month is 1,011. Sure you're getting tracked, but I look at it this way - if it gets nicked, the insurers probably know where it is. 




 Yeah, I saw that.. "Wait, he's done it _again?_" 




 Radio 2 is awesome, though I just tune in for Ken Bruce and Jeremy Vine. Evans and Wright annoy me a little bit.

Moyles just sends me in a frothing rage if I'm stuck in the office and someone has Radio 1 on. 




 Our company has an incentive: Go an entire working year (For us - Oct 1st to Sept) and you'll qualify for...
An extra day on your paid days off.

I'd much rather take a sickie or two.. 




 Interlink/DPD aren't too bad - don't know the costs, mind.

We use them where I work and everything arrives in one piece.  




 She's usually posting naked pictures of character's she's voiced.

Tara is the troll queen of Twitter. 




 Right on. Hopefully it was theirs! No idea why it'd be in Bolton, though! 




 You're form Farnworth? Awesome, as am I. 




 As I said in the title, long shot. This is the closest I can get to Bolton on reddit!

Was heading down Hacken Bridge Lane in Farnworth. (Connects Little Lever to Bolton, pretty much) and there was a lady looking a little confused pulled over by the side of the road. There's an albino Ferret bouncing about the place.

After a little while, the little guy jumped in the lady's hand. A quick box was made and she took it home - She said she'd call the RSPCA once she got home.

The little guy was definitely a pet. He was scared, but very friendly and ran all over my back and shoulders.

If you know anyone who's lost a Ferret, the RSPCA probably has him/her! 




 There's some at various car dealerships, but north of the city, and within the city itself, I haven't really seen them. Though I've not really actively looked for them. 




 First use the Every X minutes too, but before I thought "Fuck it, I'll get a car", the service I used to catch to get to work was on a "One every 10 minutes" service.

I was waiting for nearly an hour once. (Got to the stop about 8:15 - bus got there about 9am) 




 I think they retconned the Thermal clips into the ME lore, rather than have it introduced as a new tech.

Of course, I'm probably talking out of my arse. 




 Gravy on _everything_

Yes! Even _Ice Cream_! 




 We let 'em have it this year. We all got distracted by the shiny thing on fire outside this time 




 Please! At least Pies can hold gravy without walling apart!

Speaking of gravy - have you all learned that Gravy is amazing on chips yet? 




 Yeah - Well.
We have all the pies! We don't need none of your nancy southern shitey food. 




 Not sure, really - I'm not too in depth with the technical stuff - might wanna check for a virus or something.. Might have fuddled with your settings or something. But yeah, /flushdns pretty much makes your DNS server get its shit together.

Glad it worked for you! Didn't work for mine, though! Your DNS server is what "decodes" www.google.co.uk into 74.125.131.94 

Bash that IP into your browser, and it loads google. If your DNS is malfunctioning, if you put in a website's IP, it'll still load fine.

If your computer's DNS is screwy, there's a few public ones you can use, too. Normally a flush usually fixes problems. 




 My aunt's latop has this issue as well. If you can, try flushing your DNS - might be that. Might as well renew your IP while you're at it.

go to cmd:

    ipconfig /release
    ipconfig /renew
    ipconfig /flushdns

 




 I walk down here occasionally. You get to it by walking through Moses Gate park. It's probably a good mile and a half to reach the canals, but it's a really nice walk. 




 [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORQFk5GcgFI), last night

Didn't stop for 20 minutes. 




 I played the Beta Weekend #3 and I'll probably be playing when I get home for the final weekend beta

From what I played last week, it didn't seem too bad - the combat was a bit standard really, but I liked the "Class" mixing you could do. I was running around with a hammer and a shotgun and was doing pretty well.

I did a solo dungeon and it was more based on infiltration and disabling security rather than tanking and spanking your way through the place. If the group dungeons kept this up, I could see it being really interesting!

My main issues were with the combat and the quests.

 When an NPC offers two kinds of the same quest, it gets annoying having to run back to the same guy, then probably run back off to where you came from 




 I had a waterproof MP3 player a while back. (I've lost the charger cable since, and it wasn't your basic MicroUSB port)

I'd recommend this, though! http://www.amazon.co.uk/Speedo-Aquabeat-1GB-Waterproof-Player/dp/B0017KRAFK/ref=tag_stp_s2_edpp_url 




 He deleted the entire story. :( 




 Surely you checked inside?
What was in? I am curious. 




 You owe me a new monitor. I just punched mine out of instinct. 




 I was driving back to work after a quick trip across Manchester. I was using the Motorways, as it was about a 20 mile journey.

I was about 500 meters to the exit slip road I needed to take, and the road I was on was a sweeping right turn and my tyre burst. 

I tried as hard as I could to keep the car straight by gripping the wheel as tight as possible and trying to hold it right, but the damn thing was rocking harder than a metalhead at a Slayer gig.

Eventually, one of the other tyres blew, and I was sent careering into the barrier seperating the two directions at 60MPH. Head on.

Hit the barrier, but it didn't totally stop me. My car did a full 180 and hit the barrier with the back end. This stopped me. 

I was now facing oncoming traffic, whizzing past me at 65-70MPH.
Luckily, the lunch rush hour was done, and a fellow road user had pulled up on the hard shoulder when he saw me fling off the road. He waved me over, I was good to quickly drive over and hang on the hard shoulder.

Come to think of it - I was lucky to even start the car and move across lanes without getting taken out again, never mind surviving and having not even a single scratch or injury. 




 but I h(av)e no urge to have sex with them, at least at this point.

That's generally the basic definition of Asexuality - A lack of Sexual attraction/desire

Asexuals still have a _romantic_ attraction, and are labelled much like their "Sexual" labels. (Hetero, Homo, Demi, Pan), (Just replace [X]Sexual with [X]Romantic)

Aromantic Asexuals on the other hand have no desire for sex, nor relationships. They'd much prefer to have no relationships whatsoever and just do their thing through life.

That's the best way I can put it - if anyone else can explain it better, read theirs! I'm fairly new to the concept of Asexuality myself - only known about it for a few months (I also identify as a Hetero/Demiromantic Asexual) 




 Looks familiar. May have done a little parkour training there in the past. May go lurking later. 




 In my school, we had the normal kids, the chavs, and us. We hung around the same building every break we had. At first, There was just the 5 of us. We were pretty nerdy. 

We just hung around talking about games, and D D stuff. We were also into metal and rock, so we were outcast from the rest of the kids, who were mostly into Dance and R B and all that kinda stuff.

Anyway - 5 grew to 10, which grew to 20, which grew to the point where a few years after the inital 5 had left, the entire building would be pretty much swarmed by kids who were like us. They had to be dispersed at one point, I think.

They called us "The O-block crew" 




 http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/648/

Good question, Rarity. 




 I'm overweight. Been so for about 6 years.
I'm 19stone (266lbs - 120kg), and I'm 6'2". 22 years old

 I was an avid swimmer in my younger years and took part in meets and races. Due to this, I had a ravenous appetite which I appear to have kept for the last 8 years since I quit swimming to pursue studies. One minute I was a healthy weight, next I was just getting bigger and bigger. Luckily, the fat has spread around my body, rather than being focused on one part - though I'm very concious about my thighs when I'm sat down.

I've started to cut down on my intake, as well as go for long walks with the dog. I can walk for miles and miles just fine, but I can barely manage 1 minute of running.

I'm trying the C25K program, but my lungs despise me for it, though I'm going to keep pushing! 

My ideal weight is about 80lbs away. 




 I had this, but not as severe! I was lined up for this surgery too, but managed to outgrow it before my 16th.  




 Gender: Male

Colour: Red

Music: Anything goes, but mostly Metal

Film: Comedy/Action

Literary: Sci-fi

Hobbies: Airsoft, Gaming, Writing

Personality: Quiet, but a bit kooky once I get to know you. 




 He was delicious, apparantly.

That's what Grunt told me. 




 Mess Sargent Gardner! Your Cookie from ME2. 




 Thanks!
He's called Benny, though he generally goes by any exclamation that gets his attention.

Pal, Daft, Oi, Buddy, Fluffybutt. Just shout those and he'll come running and wagging his tail. 









 When I get a minor brainfart, I always remember Vertical coasters rock because they go straight down. 




 Worked all day. Stuck in a van in Manchester.
The Van had no air conditioning.  




 Tell me about it. Feels worse when you're in a metal box stuck in traffic with no aircon! 




 Oh wow. I remember seeing these in summer and they looked just like that. Kinda glad I didn't touch it now.

These are way off a beaten path, though, Guess that's why no-ones bothered with them.  




 Picture taken last year while out walking. Little Lever, UK.

'Scuse the dog, he's nuts. 









 Oh no. Here goes all my free time.
Well, what was left of it anyway. 




 This one might need a bit of backstory to understand

Okay, so, back in September 2010, I had a tyre blow out on me on the motorway. I spun out and collided with the barrier twice, car was totalled.

Shortly after, I shaved all my hair off (It was a big deal, it was halfway down my back, had been growing it for about 6 years) I think I might have had a slight mental breakdown.

Anyway, I work with some very lax guys, not at all afraid of offending.

When I turned up to work with no hair, they fell off chairs laughing. Serial Killer [Raoul Moat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Northumbria_Police_manhunt) was all over the news, and I apparently looked like him.

I am now nicknamed Raoul. 




 I'm not sure what it's called, I played it last year at Download Festival

It's fairly simple.
Stick a 1/4 filled bottle between 2 teams. The teams can be any size. Try and get the space between the teams about 20ft.

Each team takes turns throwing the "ball" to try and hit the bottle. If you hit the bottle, your team grabs your cans, opens 'em and starts chugging. The other team has to run, stand the bottle up and retrieve the ball and get back to their line, and shout STOP!

It's made slightly difficult, as the "ball" is off shaped (We used Toilet Roll wrapped up in Duct tape) and is prone to bouncing all over the place.
Also, if that wasn't bad enough, if you somehow knock over one of the other team's cans, you gotta run and pick that up.

First team to get ALL their cans chugged is the winner! 




 Should anyone invade the pub, put on some Queen, and attack the intruders with cricket bats. Run around them to disorient 




 ... That sounds like something my boss would do.
Was there any chance that this man was shiny-head bald? 




 He sounds like an awesome shopkeeper. Where is this fine fellow located? 




 I think she was too busy "Blasting off aga^a^a^a^a^in" to be remorseful [](/fluttershy) 




 They played part of a new track when I saw them in October, it sounded totally awesome. RR have reached.. 12th in my all time most played, and I've been keeping that record going for about 5 years now or something. Kinda scary. 




 Manchester Ritz. I'm so excited. :D  It'll be my 5th time seeing them within a year. 




 Ah, Per Andreasson. Total dude. Spoke with him a few times after shows. Goin' watching them again on Tuesday! :D 




 Aha! Dude, that's awesome. 




 Hmmm, 
Feck it! Surprise me with the flair! :D

(Holy shit I actually saw this before the allotted time passed.) 




 Me and my sis were helping my dad pave the new bit of garden he was working on, so there was a huge pallet of bricks, and a huge bag of sand. I was throwing bricks onto the bag of sand, and my sister was running back and forth from my dad to where I was throwing the bricks.


I was throwing faster than she was carrying, but I stopped for a minute to take a breath.

I start throwing again, and I hear this pained scream, and "MUM! MUM!" 

It's my sister, running at my Mum with her middle finger raised. I'd thrown a brick right onto her awaiting hand, and it had made a pretty nasty gash right on her finger where the edge of the brick had landed. Needed stitches.

(I was about 13, sister about 9) 




 It's pushing the mile limit, but [Naughty Needles](http://www.naughtyneedles.co.uk/) in Bolton on Halliwell road is a good place, though unless you're after a small-ish tat, he's always pretty booked up.

Gone there for 2 tats, Paul is awesome. 




 Bolton, UK Checking in. Lived here all my life 




 I think the first album I personally bought was Feeder - The Singles (~2002)

I remember doing my paper round with my CD Walkman and cursing everytime the track jumped because I got off my bike too violently. 




 It's getting crazy in there.. Can't take the ponies [](/twicrazy) 

I'm all for a good pony spam, but Croikey, it's insane in there tonight. 




 Hobbies: Airsoft, Gaming, attempting to play guitar
Currently working in warehousing, looking for another job, possibly self employed maybe possibly. :D 




 I'd actually like a lot of the guns from the ME Universe, but I'm an Assault Rifle kinda guy, and the Avenger is one of my favourites. :D

I'll have to check out that pulse rifle, it's been a while since I've seen Alien. 




 I'd love a replica of the [M8 Avenger](http://gamerfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/mass-effect-m8-replica-1.jpg) - from the Mass Effect series 




 [Created my own Shep. Like to think I didn't do too bad.](http://imgur.com/l1S3O) - even imported nicely too. Used Default femshep though

 




 I occasionally do a run to London, from Manchester

One day, heading back up the M40, just listening to the radio:

"Hey, I'm on the M6.. wait, when did that happen?"
 




 Yeah, I guess so. :P But I can only really see myself falling for a girl, so I generally put myself under the Heteroromantic tag. 




 Personally speaking - I have no physical attraction to anyone. It's a really hard thing to explain. In order to "Fall" for someone, I have to talk to them, get to know them, before I know. 




 Sounds a bit odd to me. Though you can't really judge until you get his story direct from him.

But yeah, feel free to message me later, I'll try and answer any questions you have to the best of my ability. :) 




 Alright, at my computer now, I can type without driving myself insane.

I can't really explain asexuality, since it's all I've really known sexuality-wise. All I know is, I have no attraction to anyone really. I can walk down a street of the hottest people in the world, and I probably wouldn't bat an eyelid or turn around, stare at chests, etc. (Well, maybe a little)

There's the various types of asexuals - Aromantic Asexuals (No interest in sex or a romantic relationship) and then there's the various Romantic Asexuals: Heteroromantic, Homoromantic, panromantic, etc.

I specifically identify as a Heteroromantic Asexual - I desire a relationship, but all that relationship would ideally consist of is hugs, cuddles, maybe some kisses, and generally sharing life together.

I know for a fact that won't happen unless I'm extremely lucky.

Some Asexuals in relationships might maintain an active sex life just because of their partner's needs, but won't pursue them to return the favour, so to speak.

That's probably the best way I can explain it. there's a subreddit ([/r/asexuality](/r/asexuality)) and [AVEN](http://www.asexuality.org/home/) (Asexual Visibility and Education Network) which can give _waaaaay_ more info than I can.  




 Asexuality isn't quite as clear cut as it seems. Everyone varies. But to answer your question, I personally lack sexual attraction and a lack of sexual drive. It's quite hard to explain. I can elaborate when I get home if you want? Typing on a phone is kind of awful 




 Yeah, sounds like it. I'm asexual and I'm only ever really roped into checking ladies out when my friends notice "Dat ass."

Damnit guys, I'm trying to eat cake here.

Also is your friend me? Sounds like it. 




 Hey! I drive one of these. I think it's a cool little thing, but that might be the MPG talking. 
























 I'm not much of a coffee man, myself. Prefer me a good ol' cuppa tea. PG Tips, preferably. (Comes with being English!)

But when I did have coffee, I had a Mocha. It's like a Hot Chocolate with a bit of a coffee-y taste to it.

Then I had an espresso a few weeks later without anything to eat. I was wired for an hour or two afterwards. 




 You've got a point on the LGBT(Q) getting a bit too long-winded

From what I've gathered being in the LGBT community for about a year, it's a support/awareness group

GSRM does encompass most orientations, even if a "new" one creeped up out of nowhere

Queer does sound a little out of place, to me, anyway. When I think og "Queer" I think of the old term - odd, different.  




 Eh, the menu I saw had those as the ingredients and that was the name. 

I've never even heard of Apple Pucker.. Is that a US thing? 




 White Russian:

Some Vodka,
Some Kahlua,
Some Milk,
Some Cream.

Mix to taste, pour over ice, Abide.


Also, an Applejack, tasty as hell:
Jack Daniels, a shot of Jager and some Apple Juice (Cider in the US) 




 The way I'd put it is "Hey man, you know that money I lent you a while back? Yeah, it's cool. Happy Christmas!" 




 I'm studying with Train2Game - I work full time so learning from home is my only real option, and fuck going to uni with those fees!

I'm an ideas man, mostly story ideas, but give me a few hours and I can come up with a game and gameplay style to suit it. xP 




 Nifty! Love it, especially easy on the setup, too. 




 I'd love to come! Although I'm not very far in my Game Design course, so I feel I'd be mad out of place. Any chance I can just stand and watch? :P 




 Added myself!  




 I used Travel Master for a party of 12 down to Donington.. Return was included in my quote too! 




 We had a sneak preview at B.U.C.K.

From what we saw, it's pretty cool and shows a lot of stuff! Stories from Bronies, and most importantly, how awesomely we party! 

[](/twiright) 




 Its like you just channelled me for a second there. So freaking excited!

I had no idea Meghan studied Mythology in College, that's going to be so interesting..

I can understand their love for world building, it's so much work, but it's fun and you can get your imagination out of your head and onto paper! A good world generally makes for a good story.  




 "Sup man?"
 




 The way I've done it with my Social Networks is nifty (IMO)

I've used Facebook for IRL friends and acquaintences.

Twitter is for Companies and things I want to follow, NASA, etc

G+ was new ground for me. I found new people to follow. Made new friends and new interests spawned out of it. 




 Google+

It's a really smooth experience compared to facebook and twitter.

Facebook is a giant clusterfuck of Apps, games, tickers, chats.. 
Twitter is all #, @ and whatever else. Looks a bit like a Cid (FFVII) rant

G+ has a simple interface and really easy to use, and sharing to certain people is easy too, with circles. 




 Thank you!
As a writer on EverfreeForest.com, I need something like this!

I don't have the time to read through all of EQD's posts for news, and when I come here, I just get distracted by all the awesome images and forget what I was doing!

Subscribed and Shortcutted, thank you! [](/joy) 




 In England, it's the same as usual. Grey, cold and rainy.
There's the added bonus of leaves, which after a week on the ground become very slippery, and the wet weather does not help.

God help the guy who thinks it's awesome to ride his bike through a park. 




 I'd be 260k richer. Shave off 4 inches to become 5'10" 




 I'm going for my 3rd tat in a few weeks, this one is going to be a 4 hour session.

All I can say is, only have the tattoo to mark a period in your life you never want to forget. All 3 of mine (Well, one is going to be incorporated into my new one) have a meaning to it, so I can never regret it. 




 I think it's a universal thing. I like to see where the needles are going, I can't see inside my own mouth unfortunately. A mirrror into my mouth would only make it worse, weirdly enough.

I've had about 4 hours of tattooing already, going for another 4 in a few weeks, but I cant get a jab in the gum from a dentist, I need to go under completely for someone to go in my mouth.

coming from a Brit, what's a Beta Blocker? 




 Me and Dentists.. Nah man.
I'm suffering from some really bad toothache, but I refuse to go back to my dentist.

Last time I went, he took a tooth but missed a bit. Instead of drilling or whatever some more, he just grabbed his tweezer-things, clamped onto it, wriggled it to loosen it, then yank it out.

I was _not_ looking forward to the anaesthetic wear-off, not one bit. 




 Currently, Warehouser. I'm going into Remote Software Training come the 22nd though. :D

 




 Sounds like my Border Collie, absolutely loses his shit when new people appear. 




 Looks like a Border Collie mixed with a.. Ah, I can't remember the name. That facial structure - I can just tell!

He's adorbs, how much of a shithead is he? 




 Your engine needs to be converted for that.

If you put cooking oil, or water into your tank, it'll fuck your engine bigtime. 




 Mine's white. Gets dirty well quick, but I only pay 98 a month on it, so I can't complain! 




 [Toyota Aygo](http://tajdrivingschool.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/Toyota-Aygo-Platinum-111.jpg). :D
Gets roughly 60MPG 




 I can't be anywhere unsecure in the dark. Public parks at night on my own? Nope. This place is miles out of town, I go all the time and I still make a beeline for the exit when the sun starts setting. 




 My car normally get a good 70km out of a "block", so I'll mill about for 40km before filling up, just to be safe. 




 I'm feeling the pressure more these days, I'm on social networks a lot more, and I see brand new games getting a lot of hype and being talked about. 

Sometimes I felt like I could only join in if I got the game and played it!

Unfortunately, my wage doesn't allow me to buy games right off the bat, so by the time I get round to buying and playing, the focus has shifted off that game and onto another. 




 Don't forget Geordie Shore..  




 We both know all of reddit is just two guys.
Me and you. Stop talking to yourself, man! 




 At home? I have an ornamental axe. It's actually quite sharp and I cut my hand on it while mounting it on the wall.

Also, an Airsoft M4. I'd probably just bug them. Go for the eyes! 




 I'm 22, still at home.
I balanced my budget and with what I was earning, I couldn't get out. My parents are happy to keep me anyway. : 




 I was doing my paper round on my bike. Had to make a quick turnaround - missed one of the houses. Slammed on the front brake by mistake.

Front flipped over the handlebars and landed on my back. Paper bag full of Sunday Papers promptly landed on me, followed by my bike. Shit hurt for weeks. 




 Yeah. Ah well, it's only Karma. Felt like sharing my desk anyway.  




 I'm a bit of a mix of both here. I'm a brony, but I despise those who post damn near everything about ponies. 

I keep my ponies to the relevent subs, but my avatars (almost everywhere) are ponies. I try to be very pony quiet - posting ponies only in /r/mylittlepony and the fansite I'm on (for ponies) and I keep discussion relevent everywhere else

The avatars throw people right off though, but I just like the pastel coloured bastards so much. 




 I have a bunch, mostly on the fly, so daft easy to type with Swype, like
"Whee"
"Thing"
"Damn"
"Fuck" 









 He's driving in the overtaking lane.
As a rule, you're meant to stay in the left lane at all times, unless you're overtaking. 

By hogging the right lane, anyone going faster than him can't overtake, and if they undertake, well, shit could go down. 




 Not as busy as you are, though I'm working full time as a Warehouse guy, transitioning into a new role as a Software trainer, I'm doing a CompTIA A+ and Network+ course, as well as a Game Design course.

I'm also attempting to write a novel, but that's on the backburner.

I'm also an Administrator and a Site Writer for a fansite and its forums. 




 Oh.. Damn. Thanks for the update. 




 Adam Grahn, Jon Davis, Brian Johnson, Anders Friden, and despite the flak he gets - Chester Bennington 




 Take a look in /r/paranormal. Bit more of a relevant sub. 




 My rule of thumb is to look at a design, maybe sketch one up yourself, and look at it a lot.
Imagine it on your arm. Do this every few days, after a few months, book an appointment with an artist (The guy I usually go to has a 5-6 month waiting list, depending on session length)

If you're still up for it do it.

It's your body, don't let anyone dictate what to do with it - unless it's a visible part, like your face or something. 




 Met at school. I was awkwardly hanging around, my other buddies being on holiday. He and a group of his friends saw me and thought it'd be nice to keep me company while my old buddies were away. 

Been best mates since, they as a group changed me completely. But my best mate works with me. :D 




 Royal Republic - We are the Royal

In Flames - Clayman, all the way up to Sounds of a Playground Fading

Pendulum - Immersion

Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory, Minutes to Midnight and A Thousand Suns 




 I second this, singing along with music really helps keep me awake. Make sure it's songs you know, though. Concentrating more on the music rather than the road could make it worse.

I drive ~400 mile round trips sometimes for work and singing keeps me up in the last 100 miles ro so 




 I'm getting my 3rd tattoo next month, after I said to myself 4 years ago "Nah, tattoos aren't my thing" and then "I'll just have the one" 









 Instrumental: [Enya - Lothlorien](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=408lJ0svE0Q). Got major chills first time I heard this

I'll have to get back to you for a non-english, my library isn't that extensive yet, and I'm at work. :D 




 You can get it from [American Soda](http://www.americansoda.co.uk) if you ever fancy it, too!

Direct links:
[Strawberry](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/Food/More-American-Groceries/Strawberry-Marshmallow-Fluff---Small-7.5-OZ-%28213g%29.aspx)

[Vanilla](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/Food/More-American-Groceries/Vanilla-Marshmallow-Fluff---Small-7.5OZ-%28213g%29.aspx)

[Raspberry](http://www.americansoda.co.uk/uk/American-Soda/Home/Food/More-American-Groceries/Raspberry-Marshmallow-Fluff---Small-7.5-OZ-%28213g%29.aspx) 




 Sweet Jesus!

Or my personal favourite: "Bollocks!" 




 if my brain is working correctly - which, to be honest, it rarely does..

If they caught up to him in the current time, they might see him get taken away by themselves. Much like when The Doctor and Rose went back to see Rose's dad, then went back again and saw themselves watching Rose's dad. 




 Mass Effect 3 was outstanding, the original ending was a bit deflating, but with the extended cut, I actually cried with the ending I picked.

A game has never done that to me, a fitting end for the 5 years I'd been playing the previous 2. 




 Mine's probably just past my shoulders now, due to mad working hours, I've just been tying it up in a ponytail.

When I get the chance, or when I'm going out places, I give it a quick wet, comb it back and apply some gel/hairspray to make it stay. Doesn't take too long.

Myself, I just tie it up in a plain ponytail, or just let it loose and let it do it's own thing. 




 Fuck.

Get out of my head, good sir. 




 This is where cars live!
Git you one! 




 I still haven't watched the entire Star Wars collection, Alien, Terminator, and most other "must watch" classics.

I always get "What, you've _never_ watched that?!" when asked about any of them. 




 Yeah, it's an odd one. 




 Ponies, Vore and.. uh... more ponies, really. 




 First and Only...  Man, used to play with those guys back in Rochdale.. I wish I could afford to play again, my M4's Hop-up is busted though. 




 Jus' stick me down as Demiromantic. I guess. :D 




 No. We're a species with incredible potential.

Yeah, we're dickheads most of the time, but all you need to do is look for the good, and it totally outweighs the bad stuff.

Plus, what's the fun in ending yourself? 




 Not to picky - but even in a relationship, I'm not really... sexual, if you get me. Sorry if I gave off the wrong impression! I meant Hetero-demiromantic  as in I feel I can only feel right in a romantic-only relationship with the opposite gender.  




 I am stapler man!

... I believe you have my stapler? Give it to me.

**fires staples at passing mugger* 




 "Yeah, yeah. That's cool." 




 I'm a 22/Male/Demi-HeteroRomantic

the best way I can see about doing this is getting AMA volunteers marked via Flair in /r/IAmA for the day or something - though that's down to the mods there..

I'm free most nights (6pm onwards). Weekends almost all day. (I'm in GMT)
I can pull an allnighter if you need a few more answerers :D 




 Alright, now, it's been a while since my last encounter with him, but it happened again last night and it totally freaked me the hell out. I'm not looking forward to locking up tonight, anyway..

It's getting darker these days, though that's pretty much irrelevant here in the Warehouse. There's no windows. When 5:30pm comes rolling around, I'm the last guy in the place. 

Like clockwork, I set my handheld scanner down, grab the keys and begin locking the metal gates around the warehouse and turning the lights off. After a round trip through the office to get to the "front" of the warehouse, so I can grab my coat and keys and go home, I can hear one of the gates rattling.

I work with a prankster - so even though I've encountered this.. thing before, I always assume it's my coworker in another department. I grab the keys and start to unlock. 

"C'mon man, quit fucking about, I was just about to go home!"

No reply. Not like him at all. Normally he'd fall out of his hiding place and roll about laughing. I quickly remove the keys from the lock and start to back up. There it was. Stood by the gate opposite the one I was at. Just standing there, hunched over. Despite my fears and I just *knew* it was that thing again, I said "Sorry mate, can I help you?" regardless. Clients and Visitors do sometimes pass through the warehouse.

His head turned. Slowly at first. Then - **SNAP** - his head had rotated 180 degrees. The last 90 degrees almost instantly. I stumbled backwards, almost forgetting there was a metal gate between me and it. He didn't even move, but he was right at the gate now. It was almost like he teleported right close to the gate.

Its face... I can't even describe it without getting weirded out majorly. It looked almost like a wax figure that was left out in the hot sun a bit too long. But he had these holes for eyes.

It reached its hand through the gate and pointed at me.
"You.." It sounded like a breath .
"You.." It repeated

I bolted. I slammed the final door behind me and locked it, and ran past the rest of the office, much to the bemusement of the guys in that department who were just finishing up.

They never knew what I saw. I hope they don't either. That thing was petrifying.  




 Excellently written.
I'd love a guardian spirit, though my dog will have to do, I guess. :P 




 I'd be up for it :)

It'd be neat-o if we got a wide range of [x]romantics and aromantics, genders and ages too. 




 Got it!
Seems like the domain's gone down. They're back on Blogspot

http://freedomrequireswings.blogspot.co.uk/2012/09/asexual-liberation.html 




 Not all web-savvy when it comes to hosting - I used [Heart Internet](http://www.heartinternet.co.uk/) for a while. 




 Maan, never go to PC world. They will try and sell the most expensive thing they can. It's probably in their training. 




 Thanks! Very informative. We give him antihistamines in his food, which usually does the trick. I'll keep on top of it next year. 




 We've had our Border now for about 10 years, and every year in the Sept/Oct period, he gets very itchy and starts nibbling in the area just above his back leg. He eventually gets bald in the area, so we're always telling him to stop nibbling/scratching. I took a close look today and it looked very odd.

We can be also petting him on the back, and he start twitching one (or both) of his back legs. Seems a very ticklish or sensitive reaction, but he doesn't back off once he's done reacting - if anything, he comes and puts his head in our laps like he liked it

We've been to the vets, and they seem to give him a dose of anti-allergy stuff, because we put that in his food and he stops right away. 
I'm wondering if it is just seasonal allergies in a dog, or something completely different.

[Images of the baldspot, for the curious](http://imgur.com/a/AnEeW) 




 This is true. Ah well, we can only hope, eh? 




 For a minute there, I thought in my absence from the Internet, I missed the news of Maggie's death.
 




 Might be down along with GoDaddy, even the [front page of FRW](http://www.freedomrequireswings.com/) is down.. 




 Yep. Was at Download Fest this year, was on the Fun House and there was a bit of a queue for the slide down, so me and my group were waiting. I was at the back

These drunk girls were behind us, yelling about the wait, and for 10 minutes, my arse was being fondled like a stress ball. Was not happy.

Should add, really: I told 'em 3 or 4 times to cut it out. Eventually I just gave up and resigned to my fate as living stress ball. 




 I decide that driving that forklift truck over there would be pretty funny, and I've no idea how that thing works. I turn it on and go for a spin. I impale a man on the forks, then ram him into a wall. 




 I know it's had huge popularity recently, but Gangnam Style has got to be seen, funny as hell, and the song is annoyingly catchy!

But another one has to be [No One Knows - Queens of the Stone Age](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s88r_q7oufE) 




 I always waste their time when they ring me or text me. "Yeah, I've got a credit card.
Yeah, it's only for 750. What's that, your fees are almost that? Why did you even bother telling me I could claim 2k then? 

Fuck off." 




 Same with Co-op. Hopefully it is just restricted to Mobile/Online.

Not like Co-op's online is any good anyway. It's total arse - maybe they're updating! 




 I've been a part of our Diplomatic Circuit since we emerged onto the Universal Stage - it's been about 10 years now. We're new, but I can already tell there is corruption, especially in the Milky Way, luckily, we have a few politicians who do have morals and are trying their best to counter any bad moves, but some bad ideas do slip the net.

If you ask me, we need more people on the Universal council - Currently, there is only 1 representative from each galaxy on the council, as well as 4 members elected directly onto it, completely neutral - which makes about 20 people on the council altogether. Considering that they're in charge of almost everyone in the universe, I think more people should be allowed to have their say.

Also, there is only 1 Feln in the Universal council - obviously, we would like more.. We are new, though, so people are quite surprised Kur'jin is up there with them.
 




 When we initially set off from our homeworld, we weren't too technically advanced, compared to the rest of the species' advancement - We set off without FTL drives, so before the Canir found us, we we just drifting, in comparison to their speeds. We had pretty fast engines, though. We could cross our System within a few weeks. 

Though our World-ship was a different story, it took us the best part of a year to get out of our system with it!

The universe is.. how would Humans say it.. Ah, Free-market. We have FTL drives, Galaxy Gates, Intergalaxy expressways. Basically, you can almost get from one side of the explored universe to the other within a decade or two! 

As for personal tech, we're very much an Augmented universal society. You can get Augs for almost anything these days, mostly due to Innovation in the Milky Way Galaxy.. They have questionable methods, though. Loopholes and all that. They're very crafty over there.

As for humans and their previously war-like ways, they appear to have settled some since making first contact. Mostly due to their home planet being made almost uninhabitable a few years after starting to colonise nearby systems. As the saying goes. "You learn from your mistakes - only a fool makes it twice". They imposed sanctions on themselves - which stunned the rest of us, really. Well, I say us, we weren't exactly off our planet yet. 

War isn't an issue, yet. For the Feln, at least - I try my best to keep our tails out of the fire, but that hasn't been too much of a problem, really. It's been pretty peaceful up here, aside from the slavers out on the "eastern" side of the Andromeda, and the cowboy implanters out in the Milky Way. Oh yeah, and the Mercs which you can't seem to dodge are always kicking up some kind of fuss. We stay out of their way, though - They just fight each other.

By no means is it an utopia, though. Only places such as here, in the High-Sec stations and the Canir capital city. 




 Yes, one thing the Humans, Canir and the Feln had in common were the fact that in our early documented history, we were all highly religious and wars were foughts not only over land and resources, but wars were also fought in.. well, the Humans called them the Crusades, the Feln and Canir have similar words - We called them the Deims, although the Humans went much further in their Crusades.

There are many other similar things, we had multiple dialects - but while the Humans have maintained their multiple languages, the Feln almost unified their languages before we achieved space flight - the Canir keep two separate languages too. 




 Well said! I run around the park with my Border Collie, and he's usually happy to trot up to any other dog and sniff butts, but any little dog will see him coming and I have to stop and leash mine, because one of the little terrors is barking like a maniac.

It breaks mine and his running flow. :( 




 We originate from the "Northern" section of the Milky Way Galaxy, a small system named after our star - Junl - There were just 4 planets in our system.

Each galaxy has their own set of laws, so to speak, though many overlap - it was much like the Human's.. continents, I think they were called.. Each Galaxy has their own ruling council, which all answer to the Universal council.  Only upon breaking a Galaxy's law, will you be pursued. The Milky Way council has a pretty harsh time with Aug Docs, and they're forever finding and closing loopholes.

Our relationship with the Humans is pretty stable, I try to keep the peace between us, but we were - and still are - quite a.. religious bunch, with the Human's religions, many wars were fought in the name of religion - but ours is very much a peaceful one. We merely worship our ancestral animals, which we believe we descended from - Evolution, if you will.

The humans - or most, at least - are quite wary of religion. A brief study on their history would explain why. We ask our people not to worship in public, as this may lead to raised tensions. Though 2 times a week, I'll get an angry comm from the Human ambassador - not like I can do anything about it anyway. 




 We, the Feln, first encountered the Humans - officially, at least - on the main council fleet. There was no tension between us, at least. Humans were pretty new to the Universal Society too, they must have been there about 60 or 70 years before us.

As for diplomatic situations, the Canir allowed us to us their Research posts on one of their colonies, and access to the shipyard so we could make our own scouting fleet. We needed a homeworld before we could establish ourselves in the universe - we would not be allowed a place among the Universal Council otherwise.

As for the Canir, we view them as saviours, though we were very much self sufficient on our World-ship. The Canir found our World-ship adrift between systems. they discovered our communication methods, gave signs of peace, and boarded the ship. Everyone on ship was on edge, including myself, who were these... Aliens who had found us, what were they doing?  

They took us to the Council Fleets, where our high-ranked officials met council leaders and diplomats. I was picked for Diplomatic duty, and I mostly talk with the Canir and the Humans, hence my history studies.  




 Feel Free to add me! I feel I need some encouragement on using the site,

I'm train_subject8542 on there too. 




 Aye, the camera is pretty awesome. Once I ditch this thing, I'll be keeping it as a camera.

I'm not sure what Helicoptering is in this context, but I'm going to assume it's bad.  




 I'm also a history buff, and have quite the stack of Feln, Canir and Human history books littered all over my desk. 

I haven't quite gotten to the rest of the universe, but I'm getting there!

[D'oh! Forgot the Fiction tag, apologies!] 




 /r/getmotivated gets me off my chair if I'm feeling lazy before my runs. 




 The Google Nexus 7 is pretty good value for money.  159.99 and 199.99 versions are out here in the UK, and they run pretty well, supposedly. I've not got one, but I'd love one! 




 I've got an N8. The software feels like it's being dragged through cement, but the amout of times I've dropped it on concrete is silly, and all I've got is a few scratches.

I also launched it across the room after it refused to answer a call 3 times in a row. (I was having a shitty day) 




 I live somewhat near them, so I use [Micro Direct](http://www.microdirect.co.uk) for stuff. 

The few times I've had faulty stuff, I've just driven in and said "It no work!" And they give me a new one on the spot 




 That's all I got for ages in my inbox. I like them. So what? 




 Yeah, but they're not metal. More Hard Rock if anything. 




 I was in /r/metal, and the question "as it's July 4th, what are your favourite american metal bands?" 

Now, I'm not American, but I jumped in, and answered "Killswitch Engage and Disturbed"
I understand I was wrong about Disturbed, but Jesus Christ I got absolutely hammered in the comments/downvotes 




 Graveyards. If I'm totally unaware we're going into one, I'll freeze on the spot.

Made my Nan's funeral pretty tense, as well as sad for me. 




 I've seen them about for a while, heck they were about when I was at school (I left Secondary in '06), but I never actually saw anyone with it assembled.

Anyone who wears this in a town or city centre needs a kicking, It'd be good for when it's pissing down when you're out hiking..

Who am I kidding, if I was out hiking and saw someone wearing one of them, I'd flip and run the opposite direction. 




 Stealing cake.
Just wait until they're at some kind of party, and they have a slice of cake.

BAM

Stolen. 




 We think they are, as almost immediately after building the final expressways, they backed off immediately. There is an unfinished Galaxy Gate over on the Andromeda. They left an "always on" signal warning people not to use it. It's completely dead, though, so why they warned us not to use it seemed a bit redundant.

Yeah, the ships are built with the gateways in mind, though these gates are huge, they're at least a few kilometers tall - The Feln made quite a surprise entrance after the Canir found them. Their ship was huge!

Scientists and Engineers have mapped out the expressways, and the Galaxy Gates, and are in attempts to reverse engineer their schematics, but its proving quite difficult. 

As for holding them ransom, that would be quite silly, really. The express gates are one of a kind in each solar system. Without them, there's no way in, or out, apart from conventional FTL drives, the pirates know without it, they're going to waste a lot of money should no-one pay the ransom and they destroy the gate.

As for camping - well, the Admirals of each galaxy have huge warships capable of mass destruction, Pirates don't really stand much of a chance against them. It's been done a few times before, and never again since.

((sorry that took so long, working on two projects at once, I know. Derp. Got so absorbed in one, I forgot to reply here)) 




 I'm a manual labourer, might soon be entering a software training role, but I aspire to be a Game Designer, and possibly write a novel.

My current worldbuilding project is probably going to be the subject of my first novel, if I ever get around to it. 









 A currently existing race built the gates, but they went reclusive after building them, no schematics exist, and they refuse to speak to diplomats sent out to speak to them.

They're very large structures in space, very rectangular in shape, you can see a lot of the machinery and workings underneath most of them. I think they left the "covers" off to dissipate the heat that is generated when gate travel is made. Due to that, they look very strange, Wireframe-y, with a giant hole in the centre, which any ship can fit through.

FTL is possible without the gates, though it uses quite a bit of fuel when you go over anything than 3x. Most use the inter-galaxy "Expressways" when making a trip way across the same Galaxy. These use similar technology, but, unlike the Galaxy Gates, they're not instantaneous, They can accelerate your ship to 500x the speed of light, which makes a trip from one end of the Galaxy to the other about 180 years (Still a bit long, but for the rest of the Galaxy's species, that's about two thirds of a lifetime.) (That would be impractical anyway, the "top" and "bottom", as well as either "Side" of all currently accessible Galaxies have the main gates)

As for conventional ungated FTL, a ship fitted with FTL engines reaches such speeds through particle manipulation, mostly. Thrusters kick in, helping the FTL Core charge the ship with the energy provided to  manipulate the ship and the area around it. With the charge building up, approaching planets or other large structures, it becomes a bit dangerous. Most ships will drop charge on outer planets, or, there being none available, a "Charge Drop" is constructed, where ships can pass and lose their built up charge. This is required after every FTL trip, or else the Particle Manipulation charge can hit a populated area. It is a combination of electricity and radioactive charge. Very deadly. 




 It's tough. I'm English and she was Belgian. I was only 17 at the time, so It was hard to scrape the money to go see her.. Only went the once before the distance and the lack of IRL contact drifted us, really.

It's all about seeing each other somewhat regularly, otherwise it's all for naught. 




 Spreading the musical misery, wherever I go! 
























