 it has. http://www.reddit.com/r/eyebombing/comments/1oyukj/eyebombing_conan/  




 thank you! 




 noobish question, what's re-rolling?  




 Still available? 




 For a girl who's stuck in Socal, I miss Norcal. 




 Not to mention, Oakland is pretty beautiful... sometimes. Depends where you're at. 




 he IS SudokuDennis  




 Taste the rainbow...? 




 In the original book, the slippers were originally silver (something symbolic, don't remember what) and that they made the slippers ruby in the movie because it was the first movie shown in color... yeup...

Edit: by original book, I meant "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum 
























 I just need oneeeee A rank lightning. I got stuck with 3 A rank fillys at the start. :p Evolving filly was a pain. I got a lot of repeats. :(  




 My last four invokations were all Noel, The Puppeteer. Is my luck that shitty or are invokations lies :( My SO got Noel too, as well as my 'other' account. 

It seriously sucks that I haven't gotten anything other than Noel 




 UC Irvine doesn't have a football team... 




 Went through HUNDREDS of goody bags and haven't found any kittens :( (Okay, I lied, it was like a few bags) 




 It's a goody bag, not sure about the pumpkin pet.  









 it's waves of monsters with like 2k health WAVES. you get like a bunch of mini bosses, mourning wood included. Got to wave 10 with my friend.  




 i'm stuck at 34 candies :( 




 unrelated: i can't get my candies. I press and hold and it says "trick or treat" but nothing happens and goes back to if I never press and held it. 
























 Teemo is such a butt turd licking butt. I want my oracles back ;-; The only pure enjoyment I have when fighting against a Teemo is killing him. 

(My boyfriend and I have a great relationship. :P He hates it when I give him skins, too much pride in that man. We just both dislike Teemo...) 




 If you get gifted with a skin on sale lower than 520 with a higher base price, you'll get a refund. So, technically you're not allowed to get gifted skins on sale. :(  




 Gifted my boyfriend two teemo skins... He hates me and our relationship is in ruins. Thanks teemo  




 Is it me or is the PC one only listing the base price with no sale? I've been wanting this expansion for a while. 




 THANK YOU! I didn't know which kind of tutorial video to watch :( 




 So should I just build around where I originally spawn? How do I navigate these hills? 




 I just bought the game during the Steam Community Choice sale and I'm having trouble. Any tips for a complete newbie? 




 assassin master yi 




 Anyone notice how when Hurt's about to press the big red button, 10 and 11 are standing side by side with Clara behind 11 and "Rose" behind 10? 





























 Going on the down escalator... 
and spiders.
and bugs that fly. 




 First thing I noticed were your nails. They look so perfect and perfect.  




 During my Freshmen year in dorms, I thought it'd be cool to request roommates with this one girl I barely knew but we had a lot in common right? Worst mistake of my life. 

She always had her boyfriend over, but they never had sex together, only slept together in bed. Since she was over religious, they never cuddled. It was always awkward when he was in there. You could cut the awkward tension with a knife...

She also liked to have the door open as I slept, bring people over as I slept, and play the guitar as I slept. 

She brought friends over at 3 AM and they stayed til 7 AM when I had class at 9 AM. 

I was sick my first semester and she got me sick the second semester, and it made me snore, but only rarely. She would constantly complain about it to other hall mates making it seem like I did it all night. 

I admit to being a messy person, but I always contained my mess to being a small amount of mess, but she was self-diagnosed with OCD and could not handle it, thus she continued to talk about me behind my back. 

I was too nice to say "Please stop, you're being a b-".  




 I'm so jealous that I think I hate you. :( I've been trying to get my Filly to S Rank for so long.... 




 It was Berkeley. [it all makes sense now!!!] -Someone from Oakland.  




 I got Chosen Master Yi after the Pulsefire Ez, so I kinda just rage quit. I promised myself to never have a single Yi skin. D: I miss AP Yi... 




 I always surprise him with mystery gifts... he then complains about having to main that champ. D: But he still takes them, then tries to pay me back... in love. 

My wallet is empty because mystery giftssssss so purdyyyy. Like, what if I gift someone SGU!? I know I got myself Pulsefire when I gifted myself.  




 He doesn't even like me giving him mystery gifts unless he can give me one too :( 

Mystery gifting is too addicting... I have books I should buy, or skins I can get people... 
























 Bellonova "MapleLuck" smega spam happens all the time...  









 I'm kind of a loser but what's the whole thing against early access?  




 I believe the developers were giving the game out for free, and *might* still be giving them out. If we enjoyed the game we could support by purchasing the game.  









 They're really filling too! It's by Telegraph and next to CREAM. 




 Correct! 




 Actually it's Paula Deen here with a secret: butter.  




 Sadly I don't have a recipe but if you're ever by Berkeley, find KoJa Kitchen! 
























