 How do you know it was a Brazil guy? Do you have his Steam profile?
If not, how can you prove it was not you who was hacking?
I'm not jumping to conclusions, just asking.
 




 Somehow... Players are still playing and don't complain.
Why did you come here? GO back and play FACEIT! Noone is forcing you to play matchmaking at Valve servers.
 




 From the way you talk, it seems like you don't mind cheating yourself.
Good luck on mining those bitcoins too... :D 




 I do bar pull ups and tricks mostly, when i go play CS:GO i can't get a single kill cause my arms get all twitchy/shaky.
I think taking a run before playing would be a better idea :P 




 I was hoping for an eco ace... The title should be called "How to exploit a glitch to get an unfair advantage".
 




 Wait... There is no defuse animation..?

 




 Oh god, "Freeman was here" is a reference to Half-Life saga o.O 




 Make the smoke mass rotate towards player, not it's camera.  




 I could agree with you on that, however it still needs balance improvements as i keep finding the round outcomes unequal. I'm not talking player skill wise, I'm talking about rotation time it takes for CT's to come from A to B, CT's wouldn't be able to defuse in-time if they are on the other side of the map.
 




 I firstly do the layout, then i make the spawns for a show. Every other part of the map is being made afterwards. (DEV textures, scaling, geometry, texturing, props, decals ETC).

Usually spawn is the first place you see when you start playing the map, so i wan't that place to be as impressive as possible.

 




 But not THAT complex! :D
 




 That's why I'm changing scale and layout :) 




 Haha, i didn't explain quite well. What i meant is, CS:GO is running on the newest Source engine version! :D 




 Sure thing, PM me. :P 




 Agreed, that's why I'd love suggestions how to improve the layout. I will be removing some parts of the map, as well as bringing new ones.
Thank you for feedback! :) 




 CSGO is a brand new engine, don't worry, i won't make the map cluttered. Every mappers 1st priority is optimization, as it plays the biggest part in competitive! 
I will focus on bringing de_storm and de_vegas as soon as I'm done with de_torn. :) 




 If so, why? What do you think would make you wan't this map? Any suggestions are appreciated :) 




 http://imgur.com/3vBhZh7.png
Very early sneek peak... CT spawn is way shorter than on 1.6 due to ridiculous time it takes to get to the bombsites. Also, the spawn roof has been lowered unlike original Torn, as when jumping down it dealt 40 health of damage.

I would love suggestions coming, if anyone is willing to collaborate you can always PM me, as at the moment it's 1 man project. :)

Let me know if you'd like some more screenshots! 




 Give it a try, here's a better layout -
http://www.counter-strike.pl/pliki/images/092001/CS2D_DE_TORN_SUB.jpeg 




 You managed to do it by playing with the most over-powered auto-sniper in the game. Against Silvers. 









 We need to do a fundraiser for a CS:GO tournament, maybe a petition? 




 That's such a minor thing i didn't even knew this thing existed. 




 I feel you mate, i got 6 days left of my ban cause of this stuff.
WHERE'S THE FIX VALVE? It's been almost 2 days! 




 There's a bravo case model in Hammer, I'm so making this when i have free time :P Haha 




 I did contact. I just want Valve to notice that this is happening not only to me, but a lot of people. 









 How about we just have a classic 1.6 knife, with it's finger flip animations?
 




 It's all about preference, some people like me would rather take careful but  deadly shots conserving ammo, instead of spamming bullets going for a kill.
I'm not saying p2k is bad, but USP-s iss just a bit more "accurate" choice for me. 




 Or, like wise man once said - Treat everyone like shit cause they'll still treat you like shit. :D 




 Oh god, not another silo/storage/crate style map!
Also, where's the overview? I wan't to see the layout before downloading.
 




 It's not a DDOS, Valve servers are way more powerful than for a single person just to go and simply crash them.
It was a lag switch, and for those who don't know what it is - It's basically turning cable on and off, making server loose client packets.
To be simple, you can "simulate" lag to other people. 




 I love how they keep fighting against VAC, and our job as community is to assist Valve fighting them back.
I think what's important for Valve is to be aware of such websites/forums, where they can keep track of new cheats coming.

The best way to reduce the amount of hackers is not to simply ban every cheater once they pop up, it's the core.
They should keep making VAC updates more regular when a new cheat comes out, so that it takes longer for them to flood.

It's an idea. I'm sure they are working very hard against cheaters already. OP, thanks for informing. :D 




 I think a way to fix it would be to place a clip brush where the bug occurs at Hammer.

 




 I'm been learning Hammer a shit-ton recently. Does anybody wanna cooperate working on this? PM if you're interested. I'd love to work on something like this! :P 




 I like the connector between two buildings, apparently they are too close as bombsites together. Maybe, make the parking building the bombsite? The round multi-stories one.
It would be hard to make it though.
 




 Props are a bad way to hide maps flaws, i personally suggest focusing on geometrical brush-work and beauty of the map (lighting, look, theme) instead of trashing all over props.
Also, to start you gotta make these pics into a layout, hard part :( 




 If you downvote this, at least tell me why. Write your opinions in the comments. 




 Fixed. 









 Cpl_mill is de_mirage on CSGO if I'm correct.
EDIT: I'm mistaken, it's cpl_strike 




 Way too over-edited :/
Nice frags tho. 




 BOT Frank vs BOT Lester...
I can't image that. 




 I don't wan't to make wallbang areas too powerful though, as in 1.6 you can pretty much wallbang anywhere you wan't and still pick a kill or two.

I will take your advices into consideration :) 




 Get a VPN. Free ones aren't the best ones, but should be something to help against DDOS'ers. 




 I will be replacing them. Don't worry :D 




 I just don't like the theme of Nuke and how it's CT side oriented, that is all. It is also because of Nostalgia, and some features which Valve removed; Such as ability to open doors by throwing a grenade at them, or crouching in vents.

Yes, I'm using 1.6 port as a bare-bone, although I'm slowly replacing the geometry to more detailed brush work. I wan't to keep 1.6 scale and features.

For more detailed answer, look at the post i made above.
EDIT: ImDose explained it the best, it's just for fun. Some people enjoy stuff like that. Like i do! :) 




 As you can see it's not an edit of Valve's Nuke, it's a complete 1.6 port.
All scale and layout is completely the same. Some players asked me to port the Nuke and make a detailed version of it. Instead of retexturing it, i also try to add geometry additions to it, prop models and everything else.
 
There are a few good reasons why i would wan't to remake Nuke, first of all - There's way too much "Competitive Edits" for Valves Nuke. You can't keep bashing it. It's been released, and every slight change makes a huge difference (Like the outside entrance by Volcano's edit, it added a whole new tactic to the game. You would have to change layout drastically. That's why, i wan't to make my version of Nuke. It would feel close, but it wouldn't be the same map.

Also, it's because of nostalgia. I think a lot of 1.6 veterans can relate.

That's why I'm asking what people wan't, because if i find this as a good opportunity to expand the map and i will gladly do it if people wan't so. (Add new routes, choke points, make it different.)

I also think that the original theme for the map was a lot more realistic. (Blowing up nuclear missiles in deserted base)
At the moment de_nuke is basically a de_plant/de_nuclear. I'm talking about design.

Lastly. Pro players even though they love Volcano's edit, they didn't appreciate that you were able to run in vents. I find it silly. In 1.6 version you would get slowed down when running around at upper A, in CSGO you get a lot more space which gives a way more tactical position to CT's on an already CT sided map. You could simply run over above the squeeky door and the whole "A strat" would be ruined.
At the moment i wan't to limit space at A for CT's, but still keep the option to shoot at squeeky/house/outside.
Even adding a ramp from house to heaven would make a RADICAL difference.
Also, on 1.6 you were able to fake open doors by throwing a grenade at them, in CSGO you can't do that in Nuke anymore. I'd love to bring that back too.

Anyways, i could remake the whole map, and i could keep it as a detailed port/remake of 1.6. Depends on how people wan't it.


I would really appreciate constructive criticism, and i really favor everyone's opinions/thoughts. I note them, and i will try to reply to questions.

Thanks for asking. 

P.S - Train has already gotten an 1.6 edit by Volcano, take a look -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epMBBbcxVL8 




 Maybe you can flashbang boost there? 
Valve said they removed flashbang boosting but it still seems to work partially :D 
 









 Lester OP 




 I imagine the way to fix it, would be to make smoke particles rotate at player rather than camera. 




 @codename_rondo Exactly my point. If i was the guy to get trapped I'd kindly ask them, or just stay in the room till they get killed by someone. They wouldn't stand there all round anyways.

Team-killing is not always a way out, especially considering 7 day ban :P

Also, in the video he even tried to shoot one of the guys through the wall, which looks very obvious to me. He was rude, and he got what he deserved. 




 He deserved the knife :D 




 Did you actually watch the video? 




 Oh... I think you've got very high FPS, lock it down to under 500 (100 is enough for me.)

fps_max 200


I'm not too sure about this, though. 




 If you look very closely you can see that it's fake. 




 You're very right at this point. 




 Watch the comment i made above, i didn't say anything about ranks being associated with unboxing knifes :P

About the Smurfing, i know you can't find out if someone is playing on friends account/computer, but you can find out if someone has alternate accounts on IP. It wouldn't solve the problem, but it would reduce it drastically. 




 Let me explain it a bit, i didn't articulate what i meant properly :D

What i mean is; Some people get lucky with getting a knife from a case, maybe even a few (Which is what i doubt). If you sell a knife on Steam Market, you can pretty much buy as much CSGO gift codes for alternate accounts as you wan't.
Ignoring that, you can still buy CS:GO for VERY cheap when it's on sale.

@BrokenStool You don't know what i meant. I didn't even say anything about trading...
 




 Valve needs to do something about smurfing, it's getting out of control lately.
Recently i had a match. It ruined my whole day, i didn't even wan't to play competitive anymore. I had a high ping, it is my internet provider problem, even though that wasn't the cause. Pretty much the whole enemy team were a bunch of smurfs, one Global Elite and a few Master Guardians on Silver accounts. They weren't those nice smurfs who tell you what you do wrong.. Give advices, help out in situations and do it for a purpose of making stuff better. No... They we're making fun of us, purposefully ruining the match.

Here's a few ways Valve could reduce the problem -
- Make a limit of Steam accounts per-IP.
- Add option to Solo Queue on matchmaking, so you don't get pit against a pre-made team. (While your own is random picked)
- For friendly smurfs, add a new feature - Coaching. Something like TF2.
 




 Am i the only one here that thinks this is kind of creepy? o.o 




 Wait, is SweetFX VAC safe? 




 Friberg, so majestic :P 




 You mean, this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0CoRJb82SQ 




 It happens to me too. Hope Volvo fixes that.

But there are still people who wait untill the last second, those, are the annoying ones :P 




 You know those moments when the "accept" button appears, and someone doesn't press the accept button or wait till the last second? I really hate those people.
Hope i'm not off-topic.

What do you guys think? (It's specifically if your not playing with a team but with random people) 




 Please, no... Don't do mistakes that COD montage makers do. Especially that shockwave effect when shooting. It's nice tho. 




 Interesting bug... Not useful though. 




 Actually, as a mapper i can say this is possible to have certain objects to have different prop locations at every round/match. I even saw a tutorial on how to do it on 1.6 Worldcraft.


It needs logic controllers (Only mappers will understand).

In short, yes, it's possible. But very limited. 
























 Rumor has it - When bomb explodes on Inferno fish in pond will float dead

(I don't know if it happened previously?) 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 Where should i find a server like this?! 




 You can't DDoS LAN tourneys, it was probably technical problems... 




 GTFO 
Theres a subreddit for that. 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 They didn't make it for a reason, most of these are either too big or too small, too cramped or too open. In short, they don't fit to Competitive 5v5 standards. I'm not talking about ALL of them, there are some really good maps, so don't get me wrong.
Hopefully those who have some free time in their hands can sit down and rewrite the layout of some classics.


Interesting stuff - De_Chateau is being remade by me and my friend, so you can consider that to be worked on! :P
 




 I thought it was the opposite o.o
Just look at the Skybox on Cache...
 




 
I hope you don't wan't me to explain why i said so?

How is this even close to COD? This is probably one of the cleanest looking maps besides Agency at the moment... Also, CS:GO is a competitive game, the amount of clutter is not even near to COD. What gave you a thought that this is like any COD map? Can you give me an example of a COD map like this? 




 Yeah! Let's go back playing DE_DUST! This is too much over-cluttered, amirite?
 




 You got to be the most weird person in the universe. Not gonna go further in-depth to explain what you just said.  




 You prefer the bland usual "factory" style which most mappers easily adopt to, amirite? :)

Go and play the original Season, it will always be available even after this release... 




 All these people moaning "Please don't over-do visuals" probably have to check their eyes, the map is so simple clean and nice, the textures are smooth... Good job as always FMPONE! :) 




 Cause you keep matchmaking with pre-made team that has Silvers in it .
Go solo queue to play with your rank players.
 




 I wasn't replying to you, i guess the comment stacking got messed up. I was addressing to Bravehood. 




 Lag switching is illegal, lagging isn't.
 




 It's not SiC's fault, it's Auzii's fault, he started the chain by using a copyrighted image on Howl. 




 I didn't start off with Source version and recompiled it, i remade it. It does look very similar, but it's just the Bombsite B, the other part of the map doesn't exist cause it isn't made/remade. (But yes, i used Source version as a bare-bones for scaling and geometry, but it's not recompiled for CS:GO)
I could put up comparison screenshots, but i don't work on this anymore so there's no point basically.
I do have subscribed some ports from Source to CS:GO on workshop just for a look, but i don't really know how to find map source to decompile so it's just impossible for me to work with workshop content.
I did play the original Russka in 1.6 though.
But you got a good point there, and i agree with a lot of what you said.

I wish i could give you the credit in the first place, but there's no way to add description at Reddit link posts, that would explain a lot of stuff.

Anyways, i understand how you feel about this, but i haven't done a lot of stuff to continue with the map, so if you wan't me to take down this post contact me on PM. I would not hesitate to do so, just because you gave an constructive and valuable statement.


 




 It's the balance really. Engaging early doesn't let players set up smokes/flashes and positions, i think that would be a con to pros.

I might try a mixture of both, hopefully. 




 Shouldn't it be the opposite? 




 Good luck, i encourage you to do that and i would love to play on it.
I have moved on with this project.
You got some nice fanbase here, as you can see people would really love you to make this map.
Btw, welcome to the Reddit! 




 Thank you! :D
I really wish i could remove them, but i still feel like it plays a big part in next-gen spawn camping.... 




 Please read my reply below, thanks. 




 Did i said i stole anything? More over, did i post the map anywhere? The screenshot doesn't tell anything about the layout. It might be completely different with a different name, it's just the map style, which you can't really blame me for. :P

Go ahead and tell that to people who actually ripped Source version and put it up on the workshop. Don't scream at people who admire your work and wan't to achieve something similar to learn.


If you wan't to sort this out, i would suggest using PM.
And yes, i do make other maps as my hobby.
P.S - This is also one of my hobby projects, nothing too special. I might use it to play it on LAN with my teammates. 
P.S.S - I'm mapping since 1.5, Brute pls.
Peace. 
 




 Fill DCMA notice, hopefully the item gets removed from Steam Market and prices go up.

Friggin' art stealers. 




 De_cbble was supposed to be a successor to de_dust, the creator wanted to name de_dust2 to de_dust3 in the first place.

I remember reading his article about making de_dust2... 




 Originally the map had mid to B rotates, but i blocked off the entrance as the time it takes for CT's to go from A to B is very close to the amount it takes on Nuke (Literally, instantly.)
While having it blocked, Ct's have to go around all the way.
That way it makes it more balanced and give CT's time to rethink they're strategies before going either bombsite.

The door is not supposed to be widened. The reason why is because there is long A to the left which gives more space if you need it. The door has a window above it, so additional support Terrorist could go up to doors and smoke mid without being exposed, or throw flashbangs.

At most part i could agree, but it's all about timing and smokes, which professional players really nit-pick about. 




 That's an good idea, it would encourage team-work! 




 You'll be able to test it once it goes on the workshop! :D 




 Sure thing! PM me I'll help you out ;) 




 If they wanna do their things they go to the inside part of the cafeteria where is the WC.  




 Oh my god, the second layout. Love it. 




 http://i.imgur.com/hI88gqz.png
Layout V3 (Based on @justdefaultaccount feedback!) 




 You're right. The above post was a joke. :) 




 I encourage that. 




 http://i.imgur.com/L0AYF2j.jpg
Better? 




 It's the same vending machines they're using since 2004 :P
Except it has a different name. I might change the texture when i find an texture artist to work with. 




 I wish. 




 Thank you for your opinion, i will be putting it up on workshop soon. :) 




 Didn't even notice that similarity! :D
Who knows, it might prove to be very fun! 




 Thank you, it means a lot to me! :) 




 Like i said, high risk high trade-off bombsite. It's really easy though, terrorists could just throw a smoke down the hallway and push into the bombsite.
I wanted to keep the entrances to be close in the viewpoint, If there were more you would get into situation where you look at doors and get shot from the back.

I would also love to possibly add vents as an optional entrance from Alt A. 

I would be glad to add any additions you would suggest, how do you think i could improve bombsite B? 




 This is supposed to be outside cafeteria. It also has a nice view of hills and river. 
When it's that hot outside, I'm sure you would prefer sitting outside too! :P 




 http://i.imgur.com/p65cISZ.png

LAYOUT UPDATE! 




 I wanted to keep alternative B as an entrance through doors, kinda like Cache. (You can throw flashbangs through windows for retake)

Let's say there was one CT standing behind door, and one standing at mid, the CT in alt B pop flashes the bombsite for CTs to push in through the other side.

Now that you mention it, i might as well as remove it and give an alternative path for T's to go B.
Most of the play opposite to De_Dust2 revolves around CT's utilizing mid, it's not quite the same mid as in every map, it's basically mid for CT's to rotate through. If CT's loose mid control it's harder to get it back.

It's really hard to judge the layout without playing it, as i found most of play testing very 50/50 for both sides, as there are some height and perspective changes. 

Although, it's still WIP and every layout feedback is very valuable, as i wan't to keep it as simple as possible. 
  




 It's about the same, i did some testing and CT's get at least 2 seconds before T's rush. Auto-sniper might be useful in that scenario. You can also rush ALT-B through mid for a surprise.
I might move T spawn a bit further back to give more time for CT's to ready up.

B is kind of a high-risk high-reward choke point, just because it's easy to defend before and after plant for both teams. 




 That's why it says WIP.
(The screenshot is view from CT spawn)

I will post more screenshots as soon as i touch up the important parts of the map! :) 




 Try to be the top entry fragger, i try to be sneaky at the first rounds, and when i get AK or some better weapon i mostly try to outmatch my opponents by playing aggressively.
Second thing is do pauses between matches. I usually go relax myself for a while and go back to playing. It's very important. I also take some water with myself, it helps me feel better during the match.

Also, when you feel like you're being out of luck (If your opponents are destroying you), there must be one mistake that you are doing. Try improving reaction times and pre-aim common spots. 

If none of those help you, find some teammates who played really well and add them on Steam. Together it might be easier to play.

P.S - Never depend on your team! Try to carry yourself out! Team work becomes real needed at later ranks, at Silver it's mostly basic mechanics and gamesense.  









 The screenshake. It gives me headache. 




 The screen-shake effect is an over-kill. 




 There are either two ways - When you are about to rank up (when your skill increases) you get matched with higher ranked enemies, the second way is that you live in a region closest to a server that doesn't have as much players. 




 We all started as noobs.
Maybe the guy is still learning. 




 I think the guy needs specifically a theme, not layout ideas? I'm not sure, but that's what i lack the most.
When i try to whip up a new design for a map i either come up with Nuke/Cache styled map or Inferno.
 




 I'm still waiting for that ultimate one shot ace since 1.5.  




 He didn't even announce working on his own version... Speaking of that, it would take him 2 years to make one. Empty promises.

I will be renaming the map and changing the layout for more fluid gameplay.  




 Like wise man once said, if everyone you meet are assholes that means you are an asshole.

gg wp OP. 




 Texture choice i assume! :P 




 Better change that map-name quick...
 









 I practice Bhopping in CS:GO, but trust me, the way you make these big strafes just after landing and gain the speed looks way too impossible. 




 Valve should hire you. 




 The feels are strong with this one. 




 126
http://steamcommunity.com/id/theguma/

GL HF 




 You can't sell a knife to a friend, you can only trade.
Once you post a knife for this cheap it will get bought by bot almost instantly.

Even then, trades can be checked.  




 The gif is so smooth i feel like I'm watching a video. 




 It may not be very good for competitive scene, but as far as casual goes there is already an remake on Workshop. 




 Depends on your performance during the match.
 




 It happens when i launch CSGO from shortcut.
Try launching from library on Steam (Client.)
If THAT doesn't work, go to game properties, launch options and remove -insecure.

Hope it helps.  




 It's a bot. Thanks for your info. When you saw the message you should have instantly changed password. Or was it too late when you saw the message? 
























 I'm up for it. 




 The concept of plane blowing that is. 




 It's a great concept, however i heard that Valve's policy is highly against such maps due to 911 stuff.
I would love to see this idea realized. 




 READ:
Before you go and say this is the wrong sub-reddit - I am not asking about mapping questions, i am asking about CS:GO maps in general. The user database here is larger, thus i can get more feedback on my projects. This IS related to CS:GO.
----

Hello! I'm a relatively new map maker. You might remember me from my crappy little teasers such as.. de_russka port, de_oasis, de_nuke remake and so on back and forth.
I come down to be very nit-picky and specific when it comes to how players accept new maps and how maps accept new players, and i find it important for the experience to be enjoyable. Here's a few questions to all of you dear CS:GO pros/players/noobs.

1. When players talk about "new" maps, they wan't to see something "new". If so, could you point out specifically what new mechanics/dynamics would you like to see in maps besides boost spots, mid control ETC? Maybe buttons to turn off lights? Anything.

2. Do you find new maps less attractive gameplay wise than the old 1.6/Source maps? Do you think the map should stand a test of time to become acceptable?

3. What feature do you think makes the new CS:GO maps different from 1.6/Source maps gameplay wise?

4. What does CS:GO maps lack gameplay wise in comparison to 1.6/Source?

5. Do you think that mid makes the map more acceptable to new players, or not?

6. What do you think would make a new maps different from each other more?

I will be very thankful for any feedback, i do not necessarily need the answers to ALL of these questions, but i would like some/any feedback to collect data and make new maps more enjoyable. Thank you!
 




 Your neighbors sitting under your desk using a wireless keyboard :P 




 Do you have in any-case installed Teamviewer? Teamviewer allows to control computer remotely. Also, i would suggest to possibly use VPN.
(I'm not tech-savvy too so don't blame me D:) 




 With some rough chin. 




 In 1.6 you were able to kill someone with HE grenade through thin walls/doors (R.I.P de_dust2 wooden doors), i think having explosion properties through certain materials would be pretty nice. 




 That means don't buy anything at all. That's the only way to ECO. If you are spending money, that is not economical. Especially on later rounds when enemies buy kevlar/armor, SMG's become practically useless. 




 On Source, if you kill someone you die the next round. I wonder how it would fit into CS:GO scene. 




 There are several clip textures, the basic "clip" for everything, "player clip" so that grenades and stuff can pass but the player can't and the "prop clip" is the one that does not allow props / grenades to pass.
Sorry for misleading a bit! :P

Good luck. 




 I guess the weirdest way would be to add prop clipping brush at water level, so grenades bounce off water? :P 




 Did i say anything about useful appliance in matchmaking? Nope.
For fun. 




 Fixed. :P 




 In my language Guma - Bubble gum, apparently in Polish it also means condom. 




 Great findings! I hope this is true. 




 When i saw the demo and looked at some frags they looked pretty weird, but that's just because the demo is glitchy, thus why i wrote "I was unsure". I never said he was walling or anything like that, the phrase "Overwatch pls" is just a joke about silly players reporting for skillful shots.
 




 Cause he's got swag. 




 So i checked it out, pretty interesting.
It seems like you had a good layout and theme idea, but still lack a few elements.
As good as it looks at the moment, it lacks visibility, which is a very important aspect in CS:GO.
Here's a few things you could do -
Slightly turn up light_environment brightness. (For non-mappers - visual brightness)
Add lamps/lights at entrances to highlight important parts of the map. Valve used this lighting method to lead players where they have to go in Half-Life 2.
Add tarps and planks to cover ground-level elements, such as crates barrels ETC.

A little minor thing... Increase the texture size on skybox displacements... It looks very repetitive.

Other than that i found no problems, seems like a potential map! 




 Let's add building size tarps so we can see enemies clear! :P 




 On CSS de_nuke you were able to shoot fire extinguishers. After bomb exploded there was alarm too. 




 Please, don't. Don't monetize it.
Unless the money goes to Volvo 128 tick server hosting i doubt anyone is going to pay for it.
I'll leave this here:
aim_training_csgo (Workshop map)
nuke_silojump (Workshop map)
And there's plenty more!
This is not a way to start a discussion.
 




 Yes, it is totally possible! I would love to see something like that being utilized in competitive scene.

I will try whipping up a map. 




 This, is what still drives 1.6 without tournaments.
Amazing way to relief yourself from matchmaking. 




 These commands aren't new, however, backdoors in CS:GO are new.
 




 Well, that's new. Kind of reminds me of 1.6 viruses through MOTD. 




 Well that's a good comeback, no problem.
And i do have a lot of free time.
 




 And what makes you think I'm 13 years old? (By the way, spaces)
I didn't post either my photos or age, so your argument is invalid. 




 Valve did a wrong move by making floor impossible to wallbang on A, so that's going away... 




 Your comment makes no sense. 




 Heat may not be very competitive suited, but it looks fuc**** amazing!
 




 You didn't even bother putting the L at the end. I guess that shows how much brain effort you put into discussions. 




 I will extend it. 




 Go back to 1.6, troll.
 




 Pay a bit attention to the floor. The screenshot has bad angle i guess, but simplicity is not a bad thing in Counter Strike. 




 It's a normal reaction and i fully understand you, CS scene needs some new competitive maps. This is not the only project on my list, so don't worry, good stuff is comming! :) 




 Unoriginal top comment wannabe No2. It was a funny joke, but you're not even trying. 




 Unoriginal top comment wannabe No1 




 You must be fun at parties. 




 Russka was scraped, as i was unable to go well with Brutes "fans".
Torn was delayed to future, as i still have no idea what layout direction i should go for. Oasis is on its way, its nearly finished i just have to give clipping, quality and bug pass. I'm glad someones interested though, thanks for asking. 









 Yeah. :( 














 Guys name is HipScripts. Yeaaa.. Right...
I still don't get it. 




 Gonna be that asshat.
Rank-up depends how well you have done during the match.
Surrendering allows you to end the game faster without hurting your K/D, but it counts as a loss.
If you surrender 2-3 times it's a derank anyways.

Source : Experience. 




 I'ts not easy to make a layout, but it's pretty basic from the ground up. Don't do the same mistake as i do, start detailing and then shifting the layout.

Take some paper and pencils and start drawing your layout, try to see where choke points meet. Check out Valves Clover-Loaf layout, it's basically how Dust2 works. In hammer try to see the rotation, bombsite times. 
Good luck, don't go for an easy grab. 




 Not that hard, I'd use mirage textures and mainly rely on brush-work. I've seen one mapper do that style, good idea. 




 xXxDoritosxXx :D 
 To be serious, i eat before or after the match. Having my stomatch work at the same time while i'm in intense situations can feel uneasy. I just have some water and prefferably chewing gum. 




 Think about what market means, is it urban market? Or is it country-side market?

I usually love to take references from real life, especially locations which you often visit. It makes it a lot easier to convey realism and achieve a good style!

I suggest you trying to do Iran based market place, of course there is a lot of dusty maps! But if you properly worked out as it was in BF3 you would get a stunning looking map. 




 Cubemaps in Source engine are not parallax corrected, which means that when you move they will move along you since they have no stationary information stored. In this VRAY demonstration it seems like either the reflections are parallax corrected or he is using different rendering methods.
Either way, take a look at this video to see what i mean -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH6s1hbwoQQ 




 You must be pretty out of place for this game then. 




 It looks more swag. Especially before that flashbang kill. 




 Can you tell us how you found this model/screenshot, if it existed in beta?
P.S - Does it have animations? 




 Not all Russians are bad, but oh god would this help so much. Especially when you get the retard ones. 




 That could be the case, i was sure i was far away from the wall tho! :P

One thing i could tell is that they all had min; 1 VAC bans on their accounts, and less than 60 hours on CS:GO. (They were from Russia too) Isn't that suspicious? 




 I actually tried stutter-stepping/fake peeking when one of them had AWP, i heard him miss the shot even though i didn't peek at all, that was a dead giveaway. Thanks for letting me know. 




 We did reported them, now I'm hoping for the best.
I just wish there was an live Overwatch, where players who have free time can check an on-going match and when at least 2-3 overwatchers verdict the same thing after the match it applies an instant ban. I guess it would work like spectating. 




 Does that benefit in any way? 









 This is the same bug as in De_Dust2, apparently it's not as common (Garage Bug). I think it happens because of how the Source engine works, the player spawns at 0,0,0 coordinates and gets assigned to a team and spawn, if you disconnect and join at unfortunate time i guess the spawn information is missing and you get a small chance of spawning at T spawn, as if you were assigned to Terrorist team.

Don't ask me i don't know, I'm just guessing. 




 wat 




 That's correct, for casual it's fun. At least they are free, that's what's good about them.  




 Overgrown is pretty good. 




 I'm not to sound like a hater, but what happened? Remember when we got these quality maps on Operations like Cache, Seaside? It seems like more and more map makers are focused on getting their maps on operation rather than gaining map longevity by making them more competitively viable?
For example, Black Gold - It would make a good map, but i tried playing it and even after 10 matches I'm still unable to navigate no matter what, all those pipes and railings, huge vertical changes made it impossible to play it competitively for me. Any time i peek a spot i always get shot from somewhere i didn't expect, just cause a player was able to climb up on a railing where it shouldn't have been, or was able to see my feet below the pipes. Also, did i mention a single problem that all the new maps have? Z-Fighting, almost anywhere on a map i can find two props inside each-other causing weird glitches and lag.
There is a ton of maps to choose from that could have made it to operation - Tuscan, Crown, Sparity ETC...
Let's just hope they delayed the maps for a better operation. There are some good maps in the operation too, but we could have gotten a lot more.

Anyways, i wish map makers will take consideration into this, and firstly sort out map layout and then focus on details. I can recommend good communities to get feedback on layout and get the map tested on servers, such as Mapcore.

(P.S - I know the maps are free to play, that doesn't mean they are supposed to be designed for casual only play) 




 Whiskey is my backup plan after a match if i get rekt. 




 Operation Insight - Introducing the new Inferno collection, choose from 20 new scopes for your AUG/SG. 
Added ability to have StatTrack modules on your scope! 




 Take breaks between matches, always have some water near when playing. (Helps me a lot after intense round.) 




 - Haha, you have Howl for m4a4. Better save your money for that one.
- Ali? I didn't find the same experiences on Ali as on Cache, as you can see Cache is so good it stood the time test and became official.
- Few good maps, please, but ten? :/
- I felt like Crown was too spacious, i don't know what others think. It's a lovely map though. Tuscan would have been a better option.
 




 I just love how badass Mp5 looks, i would feel like spec-ops troop with that gun. 
























 Ez Tron skins Ez life 




 If you dislike the map looks, point out your opinion below on why.
 




 I'll check it out. 




 No. D: 




 I'll do an open playtesting on Mapcore, check that website out for all the cool mapping stuff. 




 I used it as a refference for inspiration, it's not totally a rip-off. The actual place is real and it exists in UAE. Most of structures in screenshots are based on refference photos i found on Google. I'm unsure about posting links in comments on this website, so if you'd like to see the photos PM me.

Moving on, I'm not sure whether people hate or like the maps looks. I can scrap the map anytime and make another generic facility/cache style one.  




 Ez Tron skins Ez life 









 The tower doesn't make sense. I'd rather make it into some old ruined temple or something.

It's very nice for the first map though! 




 I'm just joking. No need to hype up. 




 De_OpticGamingCOD 




 volvo pls. 




 Since I don't know the guy i can't blame, but clips don't make you a pro. Just like my friends thought I'm Global Elite cause i got a few lucky wallbangs and uploaded them. 




 Okay, I hate to be nit-picky about the map design over-all but here's a few pointers and suggestions.

* The overview is bad, you need to highlight parts which you can access and which you cannot, Bombsites and Spawns.

* Map lacks clipping, players can get out of bounds pretty easily.

* Try to make arches round instead of "triangle-ey" looking.

* Players hate dust and fog.

* Use info_particle_system for dust instead of func_dustcloud. it looks way better and is less intrusive. 

* Each choke-point should provide a decent amount of cover with pros and cons. You might get to a good spot but CTs would still be able to counter you. Kinda like Rock - Paper - Scissors.

* You can find entities in Hammer (Related to your note about fog)

Anyways, I hope to see it improved. Nonetheless , good work.
 




 It works if you defeat the De_Dust2 boss. Didn't you know!? 




 Rekt. 




 IMO it will be too OP, IMO having 24 hits in the head should be a kill so people don't over use it IMO. 









 Just a note, it seems like compressing the video caused some weird motion blur. Demo wasn't the greatest too, sorry for inconvenience. 









 It gets WORSE. Only during Gold Nova 1-4 




 Dudududududududududududu 




 I'm playing over Wi-Fi but i have fairly decent ping. 




 Yeh! Let's go back to 1.6 then! 




 Oh no! I see a dust mote in the air! VOLVO FIX PLS. 




 That's one of the perks of having a knife. GabeN thought it all along. 




 It also depends if they wan't to showcase the new engine. If yes, they'd update the models/textures a bit i guess. 




 Everything is done in real-time. The Hammer will no longer need to compile/bake lighting and rendering. tl;dr - No compiling. :P 




 It's basically the same except you can edit in 3D grid and no more compiling, hordes of new stuff.
I am sure you will be able to set up workspace like in previous Hammer versions. 




 Download the new developer tools to see for yourself. The tool is completely different from World-craft style Hammer we seen before.

Where did i get this info? Open up and take a look.
Lighting and rendering ARE real-time. 




 Actually, new engines are meant to be more efficient. If it was only a graphical update we would still be running on Source 1, Valve has said themselves that they wanted their engine to be more efficient and easy to use.

For example, the rendering in Source 2 is dynamically calculated unlike previous Source, which is both easier for developers and more efficient if done properly.


And if all else fails you will always have graphical settings.
You would have to have a really ancient PC not to be able to run CS:GO on lowest of lowest settings.



Here's the list that new Source engine has that we, map makers would love to see -
 Lighting is dynamic/real-time. No more need of 24 hours of compile or shit tons of optimization.
 Same goes for rendering. No more hint brushes.
 New materials system - 5 way-blend instead of default 2 on displacements.
 Displacements can have way more splits on the fly now. Way more flexible.
 Real-time cubemaps

This would be a godsend for map makers.

 




 Is it possible to somehow set it up for use in Source 1 games? I'm just wondering. 




 Source 2 is comming... And it's gonna strike hard.



"Get ready boys, we're going in." 




 Players could have an option to disable Directx11 effects? 




 Not only would that RADICALLY increase graphics and performance, it would also make it easier for server owners and developers/mappers.
DO IT VALVE! 




 Blessed GabeN granted you the power of partial- Wallhack.
Use it wisely, you don't wan't Overwatch to reck you. 




 Dualies? What drugs are you on? 




 Ok. 




 Ok. 




 Ok. 




 Have you ever heard a term called "Yoloqueue"? Stop complaining and go premade. Ez. 




 Sup Crashz! Mapcore FTW. 




 Like, this subreddit. Do you know what this subreddit is for?
I would suggest trying to contact the owner of those servers, neither CS:GO devs or players are officially in any relation to Freebieservers. 




 CS:GO, remember? 




 Fuc* you m8. 




 A human brain has a part responsible for emotional attachment to inanimate objects caused by common brain activity disorder called.. Just kidding, I don't know shit. I just love Source engine physics when the pots fall and break. 




 The bolt animations after shot were so much faster, in result you had "almost" an auto-sniper with sick accuracy. 




 Ok. 




 Yet again your saying "bugged out". That's funny. 




 Carn? Source?
It doesn't show nicks.

It is said so in the overwatch FAQ. Duuh.

 




 "Steam bugged out" - There is a bug or there is no bug, shit like "bugged out"  is your own fault. I doubt steam support would be able to help with that. 




 The players on Nova ranks are even more toxic than Silvers. (Silvers are atleast genuinelly bad) 




 You do not need to make new threads everytime steam goes down!  We get 100 of those! 




 Go check out TopHattwaffle (If i spelled correctly?) and 3kliksphilip. They have a lot of great tutorials. It's worth it if you do it right. 




 You cannot overwatch higher rank players. 




 It's a pain in the ass to recompile official maps but I'll make it. It would be called de_dust2x2 just like in 1.6 i assume. 




 You sir, should switch to COD. Maps should never give unfair advantage for those who simply find these cheap spots. Even Valve's Aztec has solid bushes. I don't know if the map maker is weirdo or you just made it up. 




 At Silver rank if you know your shit you can basically one tap enemies. Try to rely less on teammates carrying you and more on self improvement. 




 Legend says that if you scream on MIC with mid-puberty teenager voice during warmup or half-time the Juan Deag ghost will grant you confidence and insane deagle skills. Use that wisely, you don't wanna face Juan Deag in the opposition ever. 




 rekt. 




 Unfortunately, I'm still working on It's fresh new layout, as it proves to be suuuuper imbalanced on CS:GO.
If you would like to play the original layout, the map has already been remade by someone and posted on the Workshop.

Also, I would like to mention that Torn is my side project, as I am not the original author of the map and it's mainly a fan remake. Don't get me wrong, please, as much as I love it i would like to make a map that is solely crafted by my own to put it at my portfolio, as i don't have any reputation so far in the map making community. 




 Thank you! Means a lot to me! :) 




 Thank you, I'll be updating the album as i progress!
Since everything you saw in the screenshot was made over-night, with that rate of making I'll hopefully be able to finish the map in about a few weeks or so.
My main concern is that I don't have any "fans" of my map to show them something to, as i never released any versions of the map anywhere. I'm mainly focused on showing how MUCH a single person can improve on level design! :)
 









 It's pretty retarded to see cheaters at that rank. 




 Players play with low graphics mainly due to visibility. Previously, if you had graphics on high you had a smudge on AWP scope. They patched it recently. Remember, it's about gameplay. 




 My hearts beatin! My hands are shaking! But I'm still shooting! Boom Headshot! Boom headshot! BOOM HEADSHOT!!! 




 I didn't see frags in the video due to the over-use of screen shake. 




 Wait.. Did you use decals/overlays to make snow...? There's paint alpha for blend textures....! 




 By using physboxes and vscript, with some advanced modelling this is totally possible! 
























 Can anyone tell me if this is a fake? Can i get banned for using something like this?
http://csgo.gamebanana.com/tools/5684 




 You don't learn if you get destroyed every round. If both teams have one "smurf" as a coach, then I guess it would be fair cause they could give advice from both sides. 




 If your friend sucks - let it be. He may be Silver, but he will learn in time and rank up to the rank he deserves. 

I mean, that's my personal opinion. I'm not again'st teaching. Boosting is not the same thing as teaching.  




 I was thinking maybe adding doors to squeeky-room from outside would make it better? You could basically fake-outside and sit like ducks, and then push to A.

I don't know, just an idea. 




 "I'm smurfing to avoid cheaters and play with my low ranked friends."

Reality is, 90% of smurfs I meet usually start shit-talking after a few rounds of destroying.
It always ends up that the low ranked friends stand clueless while their smurf friends "unintentionally" boost them, making the ranking system useless.
When I go with my main, and my friend is Silver we get enemies in-between Nova 2-4, which is perfect for both my friend and me.
But buying another account just to destroy low ranked people is just a stupid pretext.

"If you play again'st smurfs you get a chance to improve!"

Smurfs are bad for new players, just like cheaters are bad to smurfs.
Please think about it.
Also, as stupid as it is, cheaters are everywhere. You simply CANNOT avoid cheaters unless Volvo adds shadow-banning or something along those lines. 









 What are you trying to scam here!? Too low!

P.S: Kappa 




 FUNC_VEHICLE IS A RIGHT NOT A PRIVILEGE 




 we need server pl0xerino 




 And i just got banned cause of time-out. Probably related. 




 The glitch when the match ends but it shows as if you disconnected from it, if you press reconnect you go to an empty scoreboard with bots and you can't leave cause you will get a ban. 




 cyka blyat 




 Someone has to edit this with mortal kombat music 




 Imho I doubt about Hotel Gellert. It looks too good to be consistent with other maps, also considering the amount of custom content it uses (Everything, actually).

No hate, just saying it's kind of an artwork rather than a competitive beast map.

 




 Masks are nowhere associated with that. 
It's a problem with the Source engine in general.
Ever saw someones gun barrel sticking through the door in CS:GO? Yes, It's that. I doubt it can be fixed without any major engine changes. 




 Go to prop properties and choose collision box as none. Then, you must add clipping brushes in a shape of the helicopter. Clip brushes are basically invisible solid walls that do not act as nodraw. 




 Forgot to mention these ;)
ak-47 fire serpent
awp corticera
glock water elemental 




 It's because they are not creative at all. You know, having a sip is good, but having too much is just absolutely disgusting.
Asiimov is unique in it's own way, because it's one of the first "flashy" skins released. I don't have any problem with fire serpent, corticera or any of that kind either - They are simplistic but they have a unique art of their own. It just looks like cyrex..

I don't see what's unique about all of those. I can't see what sets them apart besides different color and the way stripes are placed. Look, even guardian has a CT logo on it. 




 I still have 4 days to go, posted about it a while back. Did not receive many attention though. Hope Volvo unbans and fixes pl0x 




 more tron skins pls 




 Great. Aliens develop a cure for us. 




 Hey! It's simple. The timezone table above shows when it's gonna be up, you connect to the IP and play the game, that's all! Preferably, you can choose to join Teamspeak as well.
And no, there's no skill minimum, people join to have fun.

GL! 




 Just so that someone in the world on the internet could ask "cool... but why?" 




 "Oh, so this is what 128 tick feels like!" 




 Well, that escalated quickly. What was the chat after? Did they say anything? :P 




 It's a glitch in Source engine when you Alt-Tab.
 




 Stop SoloQ'ing. That helped me. 

A lot of people will reply usual stuff like "learn nades, practice aim ETC", and it's true on some part, but you're stuck on a thing called ELO hell.
I was stuck on it a while ago, i had to win 15 matches in a row to rank straight back up. 




 Have you referred to the related thread?
Definitely not. 




 Exactly what happened. Yours is not as bad as mine, unfortunately, as I got 7 day ban. :/
 




 Agreed, 7 day ban was imminent as I left few matches back due to a cheater. 

I did not really know I had to wait so much, so It feels bad rather. It's really silly.
It should not have happened in the first place. 




 When the match ended, I noticed something was wrong. My rank did not appear, even though I was supposed to rank up. I got automatically dropped to main menu as usual. However, I noticed a button reconnect (Even though i didn't disconnect manually as the match ended) and i pressed it. There were only bots and a scoreboard, as I exited i got a 7 day ban.
It never happened before.

It's absolutely outrageously unfair, I just won a match and then i got a 7 day ban?
TL:DR; The match ended and it shown as if I abandoned the match, got a 7 day cooldown.

EDIT: Yes, I filled steam support ticket, but they usually reply something silly like: "Have you tried verifying your game cache?" "We're sorry but cooldown bans are not lifted."
It all happened due to a glitch, and I won't be able to play just because of something so silly. Next week I will be busy, and I really wan't to enjoy CS:GO by that time.
This is a question if anyone has the same problem and a bug report. Reddit can give a lot of attention to the developers, so hopefully I'll find my way out. Thanks.

DOUBLE EDIT: 
"Steam Support cannot modify or reverse a matchmaking cooldown or ban, regardless of the circumstances under which it was issued."

So I'm screwed. Thanks, Valve. 

TRIPLE EDIT (WOMBO COMBO):
It appears like I'm not the only one on Steam discussions, let's have our fingers crossed Valve will remove the bans issued. (A lot of lately discussions on the same subject, same problem) 




 The map is great, most definitely. (The layout, after all, it did win the CEVO contest)
The only problem I find personally, is the theme.
No hate, great map, just a little bit lack of creativity on design side. 




 Or just a leftover from Source engine? 




 Outside lighting could be changed, I'd suggest go with night time setting. 
Add lamps on the building, it makes no sense having lights appear out of nowhere :P (Use model light_inset or somethin' like that, scale down brightness and add an env_sprite)
Also, add more prop models.. Trash bins ETC.
The map looks blocky ATM, add more detail and depth to your brushes (geometry), such as engravings and stuff.
There's a lot more to say, but there's still room for general improvement so good luck.
Also, add more colors to the lighting and change the ambient color in light_environment. 




 They should bring back the mode in general. 




 has juan deag gone too far? 




 It has to be at least longer than five dududududu's 




 You shall never rush gods gift... How dare you. 




 Kickception 




 There was a riot shield in 1.6 too, babies ;) 




 Make it cost more than Negev, then we're talking. 




 RIP OP 




 There are a few possible answers.
First one, is that it might be the update problem.
Second, your FPS might be capped. Use fps_max 0 to uncap. (Capping makes it worse for me)
Last answer, and hopefully the correct one is your ventilator. The cooling system.
When I used to play on my laptop and turned off noise from ventilator it started having periodical chockes on framerate. Really, clean it, change it, try it.
One more - Try right clicking CSGO and launching using Nvidia GPU.
 




 They are very close minded, but if you speak a little Russian and answer to what they ask you, trust me, they are good at stuff they do.
Not most of the time, unfortunately.  




 I don't see a problem making a map with a familiar layout as long as it's not 1-1 copy.
 




 Will do.
 




 Why? I wanna see it! 




 Thanks Valve, just met at least one cheater 5 matches in a row. 




 Add tagging instead of aimpunch? 




 Func_vehicle is a right, not a privilege! 




 Spent milking Dota2 Kappa 




 Find out in the next episode of Dragon Ball GO! 




 Can't tell if OP trolling or just... 




 I'm salivating just by looking at the screenshot 




 Where's Gaben?
I didn't find Waldo, though. :( 




 If you hate the smoke, you might as well as turn down the graphics settings? Cause that's what causes it.

(Particles don't have shadow support in Source engine. Or so i think.) 




 Decoy bomb would be a better idea. - "Guys! Bomb is dropped on B! Come quick!" - Bomb has been planted - "Cyka blyat" 




 It does, unfortunately for bump maps to look good you have to have a cubemap in each corresponding area, thus having a HUGE performance drop. This technique should be only used sparingly, such as for tiles. (Ever thought why tunnels is the only place having reflectivity in Dust2?)

There's some hope, though, if you add $detail to a wall texture coming close up to it it will look a lot more detailed, so for let's say wood we'd do $detail wood. Anyways, if you use Pakrat and look up the textures you can modify them, so I'm gonna do that and possibly make a "texture" mod for Tuscan.

Lastly, If you open console and write "fogui" you'll get a menu to edit fog, try without it. Looks a lot better.
Damn it Brute, If you are a mapper you should also consider learning to make textures! 




 It does, it's just dead. L2su (Learn 2 set up) 




 gr8 map m8 i r8 8/8 i hop u dunt h8 




 It's remade already. I hope people will start using workshop one day. :P 




 My dear friend... I hope you realize that the map looked waaay better before? The only reason it wasn't really "widely" accepted is because you put a lot of unnecessary stuff on spawns. Other than that, it's an amazing map. I applaud you for your effort! I'm just trying to express that i liked it way before this update, no offence. 




 Nostalgia, rather. 




 Backalley has been already remade, check out workshop. 




 Hook me up with modeller/texture artist for neon signs and I'll do it.
 




 I don't think anyone should be aiming for the operation. Everyone should be aiming for feedback, Leagues and players enjoying the map. Remember on CS 1.6 golden era where the best maps were Surf, FY ETC? Everyone made the maps to ENJOY them. 




 Gamebreaking* 




 The only problem with Torn is it's size. It's ENORMOUS. 




 It's because i had low anti-aliasing on screenshots. All of the little bumps you see are detail brushes, I'll re-upload screenshots later. 




 It's fine, just let me know what makes it look like a CSS map and what i could improve on. I'm open for opinions and improvements! 
























