




 He must be writing the trombone part  




 Well..... welcome to reddit i guess. 









 Zoids. It was a really underrated show on cartoon network and a lot of people I know have never even heard of it. Probably because it was on at like 5:30 in the morning. Maybe it could get some sort of following after being on Netflix.  
























 The same goes with video games? Do you play them in chronological order or when they were made? Example:Kingdom Hearts or Metroid?  




 For example Star Wars. Do you watch New hope, Empire, Return and then the prequels? Or prequels first?  




 One of my favorites is "graffiti is for fags"  




 Graffiti found in the bathroom stalls or on the walls.  




 Reminds me of the Facebook girl meme.  
























 Liberal Studies - Half the idiots in here will be teaching your children. Good luck!  




 When repairing a computer,
Have you ever come across a virus that looks like something from a movie. Like really evil looking and frightening? on the opposite side, have you found anything that was just downright hilarious? 




 Looks like he's a padawan.  


































 Shame. Also, spiderman  




 Was this written by Charlie Kelly?  




 I apologize in advance if someone has already posted this (I didn't read all the comments :/). But he strikingly resembles his own master (Ben kenobi). Foreshadowing?  




 The same  




 No joke. We have this in the men's bathroom at my university. It's a Christian College BTW  
























 We did! He signed it "all my love" and his signature :) 




 It was for the premier of his new movie Suburban Gothic. He encouraged everyone to come in their pajamas.  









 The Mcpoyles go clubbing  




 Driving in San Francisco is HORRIBLE! There are one way streets everywhere. If you miss your turn or your entrance to the grocery store, you have to go up two more blocks, turn left, get on the highway, merge to a different Highway, take the exit, and left turn, just to get to the turn that was 3 feet behind you. Not to mention... It's all uphill  
























