




 Are you sure, you dont want the French taxi revolution.Lord knows that would mean a general purging of former Uber drivers, followed by a strongly worded letter from the UN 




 Indeed it is a totalitarian state in the eyes of completely credible news sources like The Sun and FOX news

Also did you hear batboy is back?
Did you hear the US government is forcing bakers to lube guys up for gay orgies?

BUT ITS IN THE HEADLINES 









 what if America's sane and EVERYONE ELSE is insane? 




 Vermont into independence again! 




 because the Nazis were Japan. 
























 answered this somewhere else

China wont allow it because they dont want millions of refugees flooding its border followed by massive American presence on its border. More likely than not the NK elite would flee into China (China allowing it or not) and that would add a whole other level of clusterfuck 




 China has a lot to gain by keeping NK safe, as much as they dont like them, mainly the fact that they dont want to deal with a massive refugee crisis 




 ##Weird Way To Spell Island New Brunswick! 




 ##Alberta Is best Canada 




 Nothing.

The time was reaching 11:59

We all celebrated, champagne was passed around. It was like new years. Finally for the first time in 14 years no terrorist attack. We remembered the 2006 bombing of the New York Grand Central, the Assassination of the grandfather of liberty in 2007, and our current protector Dick Cheney's ascension after that. But most importantly we remembered the nuclear attack on Los Angeles in 2014, the final straw.

My girlfriend kissed me, and we heard a loud rocking noise from our room. We sighed and laughed. The clock hit 12:00, and for the first time since 2001 the United States of America had been finished.

I looked outside over at the neighbors house. They must be celebrating too. My old neighbor Ali used to live there. We used to watch the games together, and our kids would play together He is no longer our neighbor anymore. Not that I miss him or anything.

It was for the greater good. 




 The pay is shit, having to respond to idiots all the time, I demand a larger salary

(strikes)

Maybe the troll factory will get pissed off that the 11 year old russians and americans are doing it for free and throw computers into the stret and riot like france for Uber 




 They told us stories of where we came from, from a place of fjords and the people of the cross. Children's tales, we all thought they were. Vinland  has been our home since the oldest elder remembered. Since we overthrew the red rulers of the land after Odin himself struck them down.

It was the Hr-mna, the month of wildness, when they arrived. Large ships, painted with a red , the cross. General panic ensued, as the nightmare of every child appeared right before their eyes. Many of us got their weapons, however the elders opted to talk to the man.

The ship docks at the port of Straumfjordr, and a stout man in front of a few men holding a machine we would later find out to be called a hand cannon. The man said  "salutations, nous sommes les Chevaliers Hospitaliers et nous exigeons que vous soumettez au pre-fils et l'esprit saint, et accepter Jsus-Christ comme votre Seigneur et Sauveur" (greetings, we are the knights hospitaller and we demand you submit to the father son and holy spirit, and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and saviour). 

The man pulled out a bible, imprinted with the unholy cross. The people behind me erupted in a furor, breaking into a chant of "senda  til Hel" (Send them to Hel). The people of the cross, who we now know as the "Knights Hospitaller", recognized the last word, and in a panic put their weapons up. However, there were far more of us than them, and soon arrows littered their bodies. However, the weapon they possessed killed 4 of our brother with rapid force. The ship was boded and a massive battle ensued. We would lose many men, but kill all of theirs. The ship was burned, but these strange machines of death were kept and studied.

We would not see these men for many years. However, tales have reached here claiming that the red empire of Mexaca has fallen. Are we next?
 
























 Israel and Hamas would both be removed from the area in a perfect world 




 In what part did he call "Hamas the victim". see when Israeli supporters like you use Hamas to tar and feather all the Palestinian peoples, who maybe want their own state and self determination, and then go ahead and turn a blind eye when these people are murdered.

So yes, maybe you do begin to get a little pissed when the Middle Eastern bastion of democracy is acting on the same level as the terrorist group being blamed for the whole thing!  




 While I do agree that the trail of tears was much larger, I just felt like being literal 




 [Here you go!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1984_anti-Sikh_riots) 




 better than Philadelphia, thats not saying much (seriously I have had some shitty experiences there) 




 But combine that with the massive amount of artillery fire from behind the DMZ, Cyberwarfare, and the possibility of chemical weapons, the chaos within the streets would be immense 




 and one of the worst humanitarian disasters ever.

so NK is a lose lose situation. 
























 He told it beautifully. Too bad no one believed him. All evidence was destroyed, and a 70 year old with severe PTSD can be hard to believe 




 My grandfather, of south-east asian descent, had many stories to tell. He had a gift with his words. The imagery of his words would play a miniature film in our heads while we were boys, from his mystifying tales of cultural legends or grotesque descriptions of the desolate wasteland left after a phantom run. But there was one story he told us, when we neared the age of adulthood, that shook my brother and I to our core. 

"It was the year 1972. The sleepy rural village of Treang was experiencing its troubles. It had been decimated by American bombing runs just years before. So far it was spared from Sar's war in the north of Cambodia, one that would later imprison much of the nation in his tyrannical rule. I had just gotten married to a beautiful girl, and this years harvest had been plentiful. If only I knew the horrors that I would face for 8 years, exchanging hands of madmen, and the utter loss of faith in the good of humanity, maybe I would have escaped. But there was no way of knowing of what was to come.

For what reason I was so far from my village I do not remember, but my walk through the jungle to the east took a drastically wrong turn. When I woke up, I was in a small settlement, located on ruins from the Angkor period. White and Khmer men with guns greeted me. Further regaining my senses, I was chained to a wall with 4, maybe 5, other men. One of the Khmer men yelled "THE TWO ELDEST", and the two men to my right were taken off the wall and led outside the shack that contained me. Then an oddly dressed white man, the leader of the group, emerged. Beckoning the armed men's respect, then muttered something to the other white man standing there, and we were escorted out.

The next thing I remembered was waking up in my barrack by way of a loud, inhuman noise. Standing before us was a priest. Not a priest like you know, he was more of a warden of sorts. He was a big and burly man with a pale complexion, more so than most of the white men even. He laid down the rules of this hellscape. You work when you are told to work, you eat when you are told to eat, those who dont work are sacrificed to the god-on-earth. The god-on- earth, I later found out, was the oddly dressed man.

One of these rituals that occurred every month was the initiation of the young, a baptismal event of sorts. What I saw here, however, was beyond horrid. All these kids, they had deformities! Some were missing legs or arms or eyes, some had horrid welts on their bodies, some had bent heads and clubbed feet. "The result of the Ambrosia they feed the women" the man beside me spoke,obviously malnourished and here a long time, "These children are desirable to god" he exclaimed. The Ambrosia, I would later figure out, had a horrid effect on plant life, and would cause illness in the women themselves. In America, they know it as "Agent Orange." Other days, we would see those who refused to work, or had just dropped due to exhaustion. They were tied to a stone pillar, tight enough where the ribs that were able to be counted to begin with stuck out even further, and these poor souls were sacrificed with a knife, and their bodies left to decompose in the open. You got used to the smell, you couldn't let anything bother you in this place. You ignored the sickly women being raped out in the open, instead opting to bury your head in the field and continue to reap under the brutal heat. You ignored the cries of the desirable children. It ruined you and kept you up and night only for a wile, before you were left in a constant state of almost comfortable numb. 

After 3 years of this hell, when I had forgotten about my wife, my old town, my old life, they came. The men of Saloth Sar appeared on the horizon. We were made to defend the haven, but when the came closer I ran like the devil to the river, dodging bullets and bombs, and hid. The battle was short, arming weak feeble men against an army that now controlled all of Cambodia proved futile, and the Khmer Rouge torched the site, and shot everyone they saw. My desire to live kicked in for the first time in many years, and I ran into the jungle east towards the Vietnamese border.

Upon making it through the Vietnamese border, almost being shot by the border guards out of fear of me being with White Scarves, then being detained. They interpreted my story as detainment under the Khmer Rouge themselves, who would be found of committing horrible atrocities themselves later. From there I went to Thailand and then America, settling in San Fransisco.

Throughout the years after my experience, the god on earth visited my dreams and appeared in my daily life. I saw the faces of those who died and were born under his horrible regime. I would spend days unable to get out of my bed, out of fear and sadness. Many days I thought of ending my eternal torment, being saved only by shreds of dignity and humanity I had left. In the 80's, I found my wife and your father, who had escaped the Khmer Rouge into Thailand, and had assumed I was dead. They pushed me to continue living, and sent me to a therapist. However, when I tried to explain my story, it was dismissed as PTSD.

When I think of the God-on-Earth, I realize that he was just a man as I was. A man out of his element, in a wilderness he has never seen, faced by an enemy he was bred to hate. I would look through documents to find out his real name, which I will not disclose. He was a pilot in the US Air Force who was downed in the Tet Offensive, and thought to have heroically defended his comrades near Tay Ninh before a few of his men and him had disappeared. He was presumed dead, and  a statue of his was erected in his hometown in  Nebraska. His friends and family described him as a family man who held a deep compassion for human life. He was an environmental activist advocating against uses of DDT as a pesticide. Its funny, how fear and desperation can change you, bring out the worst in you that you never knew you had. Or maybe it was the Ambrosia" 




 And an American tourist talking slow like you're simple "where....Is....The......Restroom" 




 I think it sounds similar to "euro" 




 Lol nobody actually clicked the link they just saw the title and went "HELL YEAH ILL COMMENT" 




 
And this is the mindset that gets nothing done IMO. 




 Well, seeing as a lot of Court Justices ARE getting up an age, Sanders WOULD be much better so when the congress changes to the left in a few years (after the 2014 disaster), It would be pretty smooth. 

In other words, Sanders first term wouldn't be nearly as successful as his second. 
























 Please dont claim that activism is wrong in any way. I know that may not be what you mean (or maybe it is) but it sure sounds like it 




 Hmm so kind of like Christianity

"But marxism endorses mass murder..." can you point out where it says that in the Communist Manifesto

"But the Bibile says nothing about that" neither did marx

IMO Socialist Democracy, implemented in places like Norway and Sweden, works best 




 TBH, It would have ended more like Bahrain if anything occured at the worst case 




 Trump, when you just go and kill everyone you suspect of terrorism and topple a government, it breeds radical ideology

Perhaps this is hard for you to believe, but most countries the US has invaded dont go "YAY the US is coming to save us all!" It  just makes them hate you more, and hate breeds radicalism. so MAYBE STOP DESTABILIZING PEOPLE DAMNiT 




 No you just either 1) Dont know history 2) Refuse to acknowledge when your party is wrong or 3) are trolling  




 Here is how

Saddam Hussein was a horrible dictator, but he was secular and led a stable government. He was also sunni in a majority shia nation. When the US entered into Iraq and began indiscriminately blowing up everything and then set up a shia dominated government, the pissed off young people that just were target practice to Americans were radicalized by Al-Qaeda, and began to hate the shia's for collaborating with the Americans. The former Al-Qaeda In Iraq would rebrand itself and enter into Syria. Before America knew what ISIS would become, they funded it to take down Assad. This blew up in their face, and the rest is history. Not saying what they are doing is right, but America is certainly as fuck not innocent. 

Also, name checks out, why are you supporting a goon for president 




 What do you mean, I dont see much of the IDF in any jail cells 
























