 I haven't BASHED anyone. The cast, crew, and actors all brought the show to life too. Writers are just one part of it. And also, ratings have continually plummeted and writers have more say then you think. So regardless of what the network thinks fans want, less and less fans are watching, so something is going wrong with the formula.

Also if you look at series similar to this that have mysteries, they've handled the plot better and catered to a young audience. Look at Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Veronica Mars, just to name a few. The plot was not soooooooooo drawn out. You can have fillers, that's understandable, but have fillers that connect and progress the main plot. That's all we ask for. It just feels like the plot moves from one point, and then jumps to the end without any middle area to explain things. It feels disjointed. 




 Here is the artist: http://www.deviantart.com/art/Car-Wash-547180494 




 *solidarity 




 I wuv you :*( and I miss my granma!!!! 




 EXACTLY and aww you're so awesome (Grandmas rule) 




 I agree, but as you can see by declining ratings, people are fed up. I"m fed up. I don't think I will watch until 6x10 if I know it will all be just filler. 




 Why have you made this show so annoyingly hard to like? 

If it were not for the amazing cast and crew, your continually frustrating red herrings and lackluster reveals would have cancelled the show ages ago.

I'm not saying Marlene lacks in talent. She is an excellent writer.

I'm just saying: COME ON NOW.

You're not even giving us any way to make sense of who Charles is, even 6 episodes in.

I just think if you want less frustrated fans and more viewers for the last season, you have to give something throughout the season. Let it be a gradual buildup not filler...filler...filler...then the last episode BAM half hearted answers. 




 Hey I think you're awesome for directing such a cool show and I like Finding Carter too. I'm sorry I'm late but, was wondering why the design of Pretty Little Liars was split into A and B, is that to enable more viewership? 
























 I, I saw mom throw Aunt Marion from the rooftop, Charlie Worsens.

there, solved. :D 




 So I got it then :D  




 NICE 




 hahahaha 




 I saw mom throw aunt Marion from the rooftop, Charlie Worsens 




 "People don't care about what's fair. They care about what feels right."

*mic drop

Feel free to add your last line. 




 EXACTLY! That's what I'm saying. The quality has suffered throughout the years. 




 I honestly don't think it is. I think it's some of the problem, but not big enough to sacrifice quality. Ever hear of writer strikes? And MOST IMPORTANTLY, isn't Marlene King producer as well??!? Pretty sure she has a lot of say when it comes to PLL. 
























 I don't even know anymore :*( I can't do anything with the PLL plot. 




 I think Mona was lying. We'll have to wait and see if the writers and Marlene make sense of it all. 




 We'll see in the finale. They haven't really shown anything before Allison went missing that has to do with her family other than that Charles clip. 




 Jason was the cause of Charlie's death.

Jason got locked away in Radley.
Jason saw Marion get pushed by his mom.
Jason assumed the Charlie persona.
Jason's mom got him out of Radley.
Bethany dies.
Jason reassumes Charles Persona.
Alison comes back, Charles starts working with Marion.

Charles is Jason. 




 You got the last part. You did it though. So it's your credit. 




 foxf4ce got it. She said:  "I saw mom throw aunt Marion from rooftop, Charlie rises now." 




 woah!!!!!!!!!!! you got it!! 




 You should write a book. 
























 love it! 




 Lucas is Charles 




  Its just bad writing.

 




 http://i.imgur.com/zjvox7f.jpg 









 http://i.imgur.com/zjvox7f.jpg 




 show me a pic plz 




 GIVE ME THE results :D 
























 yaaaaassssssssss 




 not if charles died and he's just impersonating him. 









 Lucas is A. He was seen with a black hoodie, he has motive, he may have been adopted, he loves toy planes and cars. Yeah I think he's Charles 




 thank you so much for the pictures. I now think and I think it seems to fit more, that Charles is Lucas. But thank you very much for the pics. 




 thanks for posting original link.  




 I dunno it happened in an episode. 





























