




 way too cool. cant help but repost it here 














 A Playing nook is awesome or you can do the room of harry potter. But first let your son watch the whole harry potter series so that he can appreciate it so that he'll think youre a cool parent. By the way  i like your stairs  




 There are some things that a computer cant do but i dont think computers are a bad thing it makes  work life easy and it's up to the user on how he would want the computer to work to his advantage 




 Definitely. Neutral colors are the best. 




 Good thing you didnt. You know how preggy ladies are with their hormones...  









 Simple   yet the creativity involved to collab is rad. Hahaha. Wanna collab with my snoring?  




 Gaining momentum for spilling additional fluids.  




 NASA could use that as a corporate give-away or token. 




 Wrong timing. :p (audience cue) 




 Alpha-ing small dog. heh heh heh 




 Hopefully no rats will enjoy the tube maze. 





























 This is very sad considering that most mental illness can be cured with proper medication  









 Of course there's money  




 Wow thanks for sharing that I mean some architects are in it for the money. But I think you found your passion. Keep it up!  









 So what will happen ? Will you get back the amount that they charge you with?  




 How much did you get it for ?  




 This just tells us that life is more than what we learn in school. Giving up something you love and never regretting your decision is the most noble thing a person can do. Im pretty sure cameron lyle would make a great impact not only to the person he saved but also to alot of people going through the same thing  




 Ok thanks and im sorry  



















 interesting cars 


































 This is a bit creepy.  




 Are they serious? Hehe maybe all the running clog their thinking caps hehe  














 Ok thanks. Thats good to hear! 




 This is very promising if only it's not that expensive 




 Wow this is good. But is it free?  
























 Ask about the benefits and salary  




 What are they serious?  


































 im in awe that such container can be used as a cheaper alternative to renting a place to put up your business let alone be a stand alone bakery. learn more in this article http://www.royalwolf.com.au/blog/knafeh-bakery-takes-on-australia-from-a-shipping-container/. i might consider this an idea when i put up an organic cafe. Let me know what you think and what businesses can we put up using used containers 
 


































 It's always good to have someone who'll protect you always 




 Find what you are interested in then join clubs that is related to it im pretty sure you'll have a friend in no time ! 




 Truffle?  









 http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/gardening-without-a-garden-10-ideas-for-your-patio-or-balcony-renters-solutions-167221   




 So is it worth it so far?  




 So was it all worthit?  
























 Way to go buddy! What life you've had there! 









 I admit I also read it a couple of times before totally understanding the story. And when you do, you'll really appreciate the novel. Maybe reading still depends on the interest of the reader. I for one cannot get the hang reading the likes of Robert Kiyosaki.  




 I wonder how far can technology go. And can human catch up? What's next after nano-? 




 They should have found an alternative long ago considering the vast profit that they have amassed from their patrons (meaning the loyal children who begged their parents for this very expensive toy). That is if they were really concerned about the welfare of many and not just for their own personal gains.  









 Reading is good for everyone, so I am happy when there's a new recruit. And to add to your future reads, 'Brothers Karamazov' by Dostoyevsky is a good one.  




 Leave it as it is. History is imprinted on it already. Just create a copy and put color on it instead. Sometimes, we do more harm than good on things that should have been left alone. 









 They should have done that a long time ago instead of spending more of their national funds on nuclear power plants which they know are harmful to their people.  

















































