 I love your hair! And you have a gorgeous figure as well! 




 Hey there! I actually designed the whole thing on graph paper and made a paper version of it before I started. I used the paper as templates for the design and cut the scrap leather. I used a stitching awl for all of the white stitches. The lace work was done with suede strapping and a leather hole punch. I measured off all the holes I made. When I attached the bottom I used a super heavy weight leather and a softer leather over it. I had one side of the stitches done up the tube part and I flipped it inside out when I finished the stitches on the bottom. I added the border of leather on the top and the split ring on the side with a rivet. It took several hours to complete.  




 Probably sucking the souls from a few innocents...Why? Are you volunteering? ;D 




 I'll never stop...;D 




 Yeah, I know! At lest it's just for shits and giggles, and isn't actually worth anything!  




 Thank you! I spent several hours on it and I was super excited to share! :D 




 Yeah, my weight loss journey, and a bunch of my handmade stuff too. Not to mention all my reddit trophies. *sigh* Oh well.  




 No. Just a clear plastic ring.  




 ....:( Very long story...It's gone though. 




 Good eyes! 




 It's a firefox, and the compound is a mission craze. ;) 




 Then why isn't my hair moving? 









 nope. ;) 




 That's really cool! I wish I had a sewing machine! 




 I always feel a little uncomfortable when I post a picture of something I made. I don't want to come across as a sales person, even though I do sell my work to people who are interested. :/ 




 Are you selling prints? 




 Okay. Where did you find these? You look amazing in all of them, but I need that first set!  









 It's sad what has become of reddit recently. :/  
























 I'm going to be posting an update on my progress soon. I just took this picture the other day, and I was like,"whoa, is this really me? Do I really look good!?" Haha! Thanks! 




 Thanks! Me too!  




 I'll pos an updated progress pic soon! Low carb and lots of exercise mostly. Thanks! 




 I may do a tutorial video in the next day or two. Thank you! 




 Nope! The inside is covered with yarn so the backside of the tabs don't touch your water bottle at all. Thank you! 









 This made my day! 




 I agree. 




 I have no idea what that is, but I'm sure this will die down soon. It's just every where right now and they seem to be on a chopping block at the moment. It's kind of annoying. 




 I just don't understand why overeating and not exercising is now something to be proud of. And then fit women who take care of themselves are being ridiculed. It's kind of backwards, and really confusing. I don't understand why you changed the subject either... 




 Wow you like like a completely different person! Great job!
 




 I actually used to visit it quiet often in its early days. But it did start to get out of hand with the bullying. I remember one post was of an overweight person's fitbit dashboard. They were proud of themselves for reaching all of their goals for a day, and FPH wanted to make fun of them for it. That, to me was completely ridiculous. And then they made fun of a guy last week who ran a 5k in 38 minutes. That's a pretty good time, even for a fit person. It's the obnoxious and entitled obese people who enrage me. The one's who talk about 'thin privilege' and say they are 'triggered' when they see a thin person. That is what I found infuriating. Not people trying to better themselves. 




 I don't think I would be half as fit or as motivated as I am without Fatpeoplehate. It was seriously the best motivation for me. I posted my weight loss to progresspics and it exploded onto their page because it came out that I didn't support HAES and thought Tess Munster was a bad influence. I rarely commented on anything over there, and I never posted anything, but it has seriously helped me a lot. I lost 80 pounds and I've kept it off for over a year. 




 Fat people are not inoccent. As I recall, isn't gluttony considered a sin? And I'm pretty sure it has been frowned upon for several millennia.  




 Yeah, reddit just tied its own noose. It's probably going to turn into a tumblr wanna-be site now.  




 One of my home town staples. I love Shrimp and Grits! I'll have to try this soon, your's looks delicious. 




 As a straight chick, holy FUCK! You are gorgeous! I don't know if I wanna be you or be on you. 




 I think we can make an exception in Cheryl Haworth's case. She's actual muscle under that layer of fat. Props to her. 




 WOW! You look badass! I wish I could look that cool.... 





























 I really want to see your shawls! 




 Many people don't stuff the puffs as much as I do, so mine is going to be super heavy. I get cold really easily so I think it will be perfect!  




 You are an inspiration!  




 I'm shooting for 400. But you can make a small quilt with 250-275. Thank you so much!  




 Nope! I use my 4s for all of them! 




 I plan on doing Sailor Moon one day!  




 Me too! I'm on vacation and there's this amazing yarn shop nearby! I'm planning on getting at least four new yarns for this! 




 When I first started it took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to make one. But, now I can crank one out in about 50 minutes! 




 Oh wow! I loooove your pattern! 




 I actually only stuff them with scrap yarn or cheap red heart yarn. I think it works so much better than fiber fill or poly fill. Less messy too.  




 Oooooo! I'd love to see that! 




 Not yet. I'm debating whether or not to crochet them all together. It looks really neat but it spaces them out more. I like how they look all touching too, so I need to figure out what I like more.  




 I've used all different weights to make mine. The key is to keep the larger ones surrounded by medium sized ones, and then the smallest ones around the medium sized ones. I used every size yarn. Lace, fingering, worsted, and even bulky. That fuzzy one in the picture is one of the largest.  









 I'm 5'6 1/2". Gotta add that half in there. Haha. What's really weird, is when I was big, I was taller. I was 5'8" according to my doctor for about four years.  




 Will do! Keep an eye out! Thank you!  




 It took a year for the first 70, and I've been toning and working on my distance running this year, and I've dropped another ten. Thank you! 




 Eat less move more. Lol. ;) I'll be posting an update on my progress to /r/progresspics soon. Thanks! 




 I will be posting an update of my progress in a week or so. I've lost 80 pounds.  




 I actually do have some stretch marks, but they are very hard to see. I went to see a dermatologist and I was prescribed trinoin cream and had red light therapy. Thy are only visible if I stretch my skin a certain way in specific lighting.  
























 Not a whole lot right now. I just quit my gym earlier this year, but I plan on getting into it more soon. 




 Myfitnesspal is an app that you track your daily food and exercise intake on. It's awesome and it's free!  




 I was on a ketogenic diet for over a year, but now I just do everything in moderation. I think I've only had one soda this year that's not zero calorie. But I occasionally eay pizza, or tacos, but I don't eat more than 500 (max amount of calories) in one sitting.  




 I really watched absolutely everything I consumed. I mean EVERYTHING. I measured my food with a scale, and every liquid with measuring cups and I bought a spoon set for measuring butters and oils. I kept my macronutrients within the ketogenic scale too. Check out /r/keto, it's amazing. I did mostly low impact cardio for the first year or two and started lifting weights last year. Nothing hard core, just a simple routine. And this year I'm running daily and still watching my diet. I keep my carbs pretty low still, but I'm not strictly keto now. I love my fruit! :) 




 I've had that happen to me several times already. It's a really awesome feeling when they realize who I am. Haha! 




 I was just there for a new fitting a few months ago and I bought two new bras that are amazing. I'm not wearing either in the picture I took today though. :/ 




 Everyone has told me how it's amazing that I kept most of my boobs. I didn't do anything specific to keep them. I think it's just genetic, many women in my family have big boobs.  









 Dem collar bones! But, seriously, WOW! You can really see you're smiling with your eye in the after picture. The before picture looks forced. Great job!  




 You look fantastic! Wow! I wouldn't be able to speak a coherent sentence to your face if I saw you in real life. I get flustered and nervous around attractive people... 




 I love this style!!!!!!! 




 We were doing yard work in the back yard today, and my neighbor was yelling at us to come quick. Her dog found this little guy and he was barely moving. I ran to the house and got a towel and called my FIL (who works for a wildlife company). He gave me the run down on what to do. I warmed the baby up and put him back under the tree where he fell. He wasn't hurt, and he was very lively, he started sucking on my fingers while I was holding him. We were constantly keeping an eye on him and about fifteen minutes ago, mama showed up and took him back to the nest! He was so sweet and so cute! 









 I just want to say, you are an amazing inspiration and you look gorgeous and so happy! Congratulations on your new baby and your amazing healthy body! You're incredible!  




 Ah! Gotcha! You have to use a crochet hook and you go through the back loop and pull the yarn through both stitches. Then slide the stitches of the knitting needles. After the first bind of stitch you pull the yarn through three stitches to bind off. I'm sorry if that is hard to understand. I'll do a video soon and post it.  




 I would like a link for one. Please and thank you.  




 If I were you I'd just buy the patten on ravelry. I tried to figure it out using tutorials and free stuff I found on the Internet, but they never came out right until I paid for the pattern.  




 Thanks! :D 




 I believe shitlording is bashing on fat people with no justification or help. Everything I've ever posted is either about confusion, hurt, help, or disappointment. After being obese and realizing how easy it really is to be healthy, I'm trying to help people do re same. My two BEST friends in the world are in the morbidly obese range, and I love them. I've also helped them both to lose weight. I want people to make their lives the best that they can.  




 I'm going to have to check those out. I've been meaning to start a new shawl and I keep getting distracted.  
























 Most of those shoes aren't mine. Haha! But I see your point! 




 They're almost impossible to see now. 




 Most of those shoes aren't mine. haha!  




 I usually have to tell them who I am.  




 That's not a very nice thing to say. I was in the middle of a terrible hormonal imbalance that sent my estrogen levels through the roof. So yeah, I look more feminine there, but it's not natural. 




 Keep it up! Trust me, it sucks at first but you can only get better if you try. I enjoy running about 90% of the time now. Haha! 




 He sleeps in the bed with me now. Haha! I was keeping him in my studio for a while so my pups wouldn't get him. 




 The stretch marks that appeared on my belly. ugh. 




 It was from switching birth controls. My body had to adjust to it. Thanks! 




 I don't have any loose skin, thank goodness, but the stretch marks are still there. They are almost impossible to see though. I have to be in certain lighting and stretch my skin a certain way for them to be visible. I used red light therapy, and tretinoin cream to help make them less noticeable. 




 That's cool. I feel pretty badass. Thanks! 




 THANKS!!! :D 




 Exactly. 




 It was cardio cardio and more cardio. Those two places were my biggest issues too and I just had to keep running. I'm still working on them too. There's no way to just single out one section of your body to get rid of fat in that one area. It takes a lot of hard work and patience. Thanks! :D 




 Facebook started to get really creepy. I was getting messages from all these guys that I went to high school with...I had to block them. There comes a point when you pass compliments into creepy inappropriate comments.  




 uh...yes? 




 Thank you so much! :D 




 Not really. I'm not really into shoes that much, I have two pars of sneakers, two pairs of sandals, and a pair of chucks. 




 About 90% of women are fucking mean to my face now. Men are usually really nice and kids love me. I get glared at a lot now, and I've been called a skinny bitch for no reason other than existing. I think I'm a typically nice person and It's really weird being treated so different for taking care of myself now. 




 I did keto for over a year. I'm sorta a carb nazi now because of it, but I don't go out of my way to avoid them...usually. Yesterday, I went to a cook out and I had some corn chips but I didn't have a bun on my hotdog. So I just know what I'm eating now and I'm really careful with everything. haha! Thanks! 
























