 Doesn't everything really start at the end of a screw? 









 Cite your evidence please. And show me where there was a consensus, not just one economist going out on a limb and claiming there would be a crash. 




 Economists' opinions mean nothing. They are not very good at predicting the stability of the economy. A majority of economists thought things were going fine in 2008 before the market crashed.

They're glorified historians. And I don't mean to insult historians, at least they're honest about the fact their work deals with more the past than the present. 




 Just finished Ready Player one by Ernest Cline. Looking forward now to his next book, Armada. 
























 You don't do more with less, you do less with less. 




 If you read the whole quote, it is what he said, he added it as part of some new motivation that workers should give more to their employers and somehow that will grow the economy. The full quote is in the story. 




 couldn't have said it better. 









 Here's a better joke for my missing it.

Four out of three people struggle with math. 
























 Well the point I'm trying to make is that people can't stand Congress but they like their representative. They don't seem to understand that their representative is part of the problem. Their local votes have a nationwide impact. 




 The most depressing statistic in the world: Congress has a 9 percent approval rating and yet 90 percent of incumbents were reelected in 2014.

America deserves the Congress it gets. 




 "Ain't no Vietcong ever called me ni  er." - Muhammed Ali

So much history and justifiable angst in seven words. 









 It reminds me of when Bush the old man went to a grocery store and marveled at the laser UPC system. 
























 EDIT, did manage to find the story in full. The study cited by WSJ is old data from 1992-2003 whereas the study referenced by NASA was conducted between 1991-2011, a much wider breadth of data that includes practically an entire decade of additional information compared to the survey cited by WSJ.

If you read the NASA link it shows the reference to IOPublishing, which conducted the research of peer-reviewed journals, citing its sources and who compiled it. 




 Nope, it's true.

http://climate.nasa.gov/scientific-consensus/ 









 "Don't the poor understand that they are better off when the rich make more?" (or something like that)

-Jack Donaghy, 30 Rock 




 Perhaps, but 97 percent of climatologists have agreement on the future. Scientists have been able to, in the past, predict the future or at least identify phenomena before there was direct evidence of it. Charles Darwin looked at an orchid once with a nectary that was 12 inches deep inside the flower. He hypothesized that their must be a butterfly species with a 12-inch probiscus that would be needed to pollinate the flower. Eventually, said butterfly was discovered.

Haley of course, predicted the reemergence of the comet that was later named after him.

I don't know when 97 percent of economists agreed on anything, let alone market conditions. And I certainly can't remember a time when economists were all in agreement that a crash was coming.

They tend to be shills for market makers and Wall Street interests who profit off of bull markets. The same interests then profit from the downfall that investors never see coming because, economists fail to identify said downfalls when they occur. 


































 I'm not a conservative, but I agree.

I will say that I notice any story about Jeb Bush rarely gets more than 100 upvote ratio. Dude went out and bought him some sockpuppets on Reddit. 









 The study referenced by NASA reviewed abstracts from 11,944 articles.

The study referenced by WSJ reviewed 928, a fraction compared to the report backed by NASA. 
























