 Awesome! thanks for the info! 




 I am looking for the telescope part for my K101 Mod. Long story short, silly me shredded the inside wall where my RBA screws in. Any ideas on where to get a new piece? Any help at all would be great! 




 Thank you for calling Lapras Prince Air the Avatar and not fucking Air Jordan. What kind of a damn nickname is Air Jordan. Stupid. 




 Laughed way too hard at this 




 AMAZING. Now I have to rewatch some of the old episodes to reminisce, i am so excited 




 Carolina
 




 You are right it does have 10 legs. Just a bit of background info, I was on my deck smoking a cig and I happened to spy a black spot on the ground. Came across this god forsaken creature. 









 Could not stop laughing. Bravo 




 Ah!! crazy bones! i had the jaws ones all the way on the far left!! 




 I'm late but, fuck me genious 
























 "That's real loose butthole," and "Let's get weeeeeird." Both Adam DeMamp from Workaholics  




 "Let's see where the night takes us."
 




 COMPROMISE. Seriously, it's key. You'll never get anywhere if you two can't come up with some sort of middle ground during an argument. Sure you'll have your fights and fits of rage regardless, but at some point you both need to come to some sort of an agreement that benefits the both of you. That being said, don't be a complete push over either and let her have everything. Make sure you're coming out with something as well.

Another huge thing is trust. You need to have the utmost trust and respect for this person. She needs to be your best friend. I know it sounds cheesy, but it's the truth. You need to be able to trust her to go and do whatever she pleases. And vise versa, same goes for her, she needs to be able to trust you too. 

If you have any doubts about this person at all, then forget it. Don't plan on it being a long lasting relationship if this isn't what you want for the rest of your life. Don't settle for anything less then the best in your eyes. 

Most of all, have fun with it. You'll learn knew things about her everyday (again cheesy, I know sorry). 

Hope this helps a bit! May not be exactly what you're looking for, but it's what I've learned over the years! 




 Pretty random, but I was driving to school in upstate New York and while on my way I saw this morbidly obese child skip around his yard. When he came full circle around the yard he met up with his grandmother and started to frantically beat her in public. I wasn't sure whether to stop or keep going.  




 Wow, great eye! That is Highland Light! I can't personally say I've ever been there myself. What a coincidence though! I'd love to see how yours came out! 




 It is a very, very hard decision. You'll find the one that speaks out to you though. There are so many around the world, so many to choose from. Just take your time, that's all! 




 Thank you for the question! My family and I have always vacationed in the Cape, ever since I was little. The beach and lighthouse theme has been a huge part of my life, we have pictures of lighthouses everywhere at home. That was my main inspiration for the piece. The symbolism of guidance and light were also pretty huge to me. That lighthouse specifically was just because I really appreciated the design!  









 You're welcome! 




 Very beautiful place. 





























 Damn smelly ghosts just won't stop haunting me. 




 Very true, can't argue with that  




 Somebody is going to get killed for this eventually. But, Id be damned if I said I didn't laugh hysterically at this.  




 I'll be surprised if no one said this already. Cut off all purchases of toilet paper and wipes. Including napkins and paper towels so there is no way around this. 




 Exactly what I should be doing 




 It's a never ending cycle! 




 I do the same thing you're not alone. 




 Just out of curiosity. 




 I think the fact that I shit myself as an adult actually scared me rather than having the shit scared out of me. 




 Ticks and Scorpions. I have never encountered a scorpion, but I hate them. 




 The one time I am wearing the least clothing with no pockets. Ya got me, I'd be completely screwed. 





























 Maybe we should all keep pushing. 




 You're still tainted with the blood of the presser you animal 




 Yes Yes Yes 




 How did you know... 









 I hope it works for ya! 




 True, I just find this easier while I'm in the shower!
 









 I'd love to hear everyone's opinion on this. I have no proof or evidence, but to me it seems like a dying media! 




 Chapter 23: College and Alcohol 
























 Ya got me there.  




 Never said he was a good guy. But I guess it's okay for the rest of the Internet to make fun of the fat chick from the text and driving commercials. Keep on fighting the good internet fight buddy. It's a joke. Just like half the shit on here. There is a lot worse out there.  




 Hence the fact that it's a joke and he is insane for saying it. If you think it's stupid that's your opinion.  









 Well if you are then I'm just a figment of your imagination inside of your coma. My whole life is a sham.  














 Come on! In a High School! A place of education with a professionally made sign!! 









 Fuck me 




 Oh thats fucking disgusting 
























