




 [:(](http://i.imgur.com/tDXwZIY.gif) 




 I don't think the race is a necessary descriptor here
 




 The stadium looks a lot emptier now... 




 I'm really digging Croatia's kit 




 GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL 




 Here's what happened, and here's a digital recreation. It looks just like what we showed you, see?? Preeeetty nifty. 




 The country might literally become a failed state 




 There was homophobia?

Edit: Thanks for the prompt responses, I remember the "boy-lover" quote but I kind of consider that just criticism of pedophilia. It's still completely historically inaccurate for the Spartans to be critical of that, but I wouldn't say it's "homophobic" in itself.  But from what you're all telling me this Miller dude does sound like an asshole, and he probably is a homophobe himself. 




 There's a jazz subreddit for everything!

/r/jazzhands? Oh, no apparently not...hm.../r/jazzflute? Huh. I'm a little disappointed. 




 Or requests for war stories from visitors misunderstanding the focus of the sub. 














 You seem a bit tense 




 The best way to win in Civ. 




 Ooh very nice. Thank you. 




 Is there a line graph for this? 




 It sounds like something straight out of *Fallout.* 




 [Why are we changing maps?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLqC3FNNOaI) 




 Do you work there? How were you able to describe this in so much detail? 




 OH MY GOD. 




 Jesus. I'm sorry but where did this actually come from? Did somebody originally type this as a serious comment? 




 Lol somebody isn't STEM hahaha. DAE love getting a job out of college and being better than everyone else? 




 Most of the time, yes. I actually pay attention to the NYT comments because the readers' picks and NYT picks are often insightful! Idk if other newspapers do that, though. Maybe the WSJ. 




 Nationalism is an important factor for WWII. Perhaps not *quite* as much in France and GB but nationalism had a huge role in justification and cause for the Nazi party's actions and policies.

It's not the sole cause of either war, but it's an important factor in both. 




 Upvotes just for saying the name. God I love that movie, it's why I wanted to become a paleontologist.

I never did become one :( 




 Then again, most stylists probably make more money if you buy both their shampoo and their conditioner.

/r/Conspiracy 




 Oh. I thought it was just a historical reference. TIL. 




 Wait since when did the TEA become an acronym? Why is it all caps? 




 ? 




 With regard to the categories, a glossary is provided at the bottom. 




 The human head weighs eight pounds! 




 BTW that test was actually only at half the strength! They had designed it to be up to around 100 MT but scaled it to half that in the interest of safety so the bombers could fly out of range of the blast in time.

Just a cool tidbit on how fucking big that bomb actually was. 




 Hahahaa...I'm getting nothing done tonight...sighhhhhh... 














 You can have all the girls you want if you STOP HOSTING YOUR GIFS ON MINUS. 




 Disagree: there are many delicious Mexican restaraunts. They are the only redeeming quality of that town. 









 Right there with you. Too bad I'm stuck here. They have way too much power... 



















 For a quick, extremely well-written read on war in Europe, I recommend *War In European History* by Michael Howard.

It covers a lot of what you talked about, and more! 




 POLAN STRONK 




 I would disagree and say a 7.5 




 I can always count on /r/science to have one of the top comments be bitching about the article title rather than discussing the article itself. 




 GO DAWGS 




 For additional reading I would suggest Horkheimer and Adorno's *Diaclectic of Enlightenment*, for political theorist's explanation for fascism in the context of the Enlightenment, written during the Second World War. You could even just read the first chapter and be a bit more, well, enlightened. 




 interesting choice of thumbnail... 




 "Panamanorama" 




 Or worsen it...worth it...? Tough question. 




 didn't he just shoot someone the other day? Or was that just a rumor? I just saw a headline somewhere. 












































 Actually in Washington state at least you can fight another person consensually as long as each party agrees that it's consensual, except when there is reasonable suspicion of it being a domestic dispute.

At least, that's how I've had that RCW explained to me. 










































































 OMG you're the best.

I'm ashamed I didn't recognize that, though 




 Wait wait am I correctly seeing a tattoo combining the yin-yang/rebel alliance/galactic empire symbols?

That's the second-best thing in this photo. 




 The worst part is that it's a repost? Or that TIL never *actually* learns? 














 Oh god bad memories from that movie. The one for Lust was awful. 




 Let's all calm down, old sport. 




 I'd believe it. Americans are pretty famous for bandwagoning, y'know. (WWI, anyone?) 




 Ah no apology, it's confusing regardless of any language barrier. 




 Uh, no to repealing it or no to keeping it?

Double negatives really suck. 




 NO MERCY. 




 "So edgy Dianne Feinstein's trying to ban it."

Ugh, can we just agree to leave gun-nut politics in /r/progun? 




 Quick! Save yourself and put an /s at the end!! 




 I'm Spartacus! 




 Yeah that was unexpected. Maybe he/she's in remission or something? 




 People aren't stupid, we just need a little tort reform. 




 Basketball? 




 top two. 




 In the minds of most Americans, yes, unfortunately. 




 *sighhh*...thanks Belgium, you guys did good today. 




 Yea no kidding. Americans dig an absolute crushing victory, not a tie at the last minute. If anything this will decrease interest in the next match. 




 IT WAS YOUUUUUUU 




 GOD FUCKING DAMN IT 




 Oh my god Oh my god 4 minutes ok we can do this 




 stop stop stop don't speak too soon damn it! 









 Remember they need to get approved by congress. That shit ain't easy, Supreme Court justices are always gonna be moderate unless one party controls the government, which is unlikely given the redistricting. And even if the democrats somehow gain control of both houses miraculously, when do they really ever have their ducks in a row to confirm a real progressive justice? The coalition is too broad for that. 




 How many times do I have to do that? For gods sake, I've already deleted my account once to start fresh and customize my subs. The small, nice subreddits I find keep getting bigger and already I'm seeing some of them decrease in quality.

I wish I could just *enjoy* it. I don't mind a little work finding new subreddits, but it seems to be an endless cycle. Too much work.

*good example of this:* ELI5, ELIAMA, which both used to be pristine, awesome places. Now they're used as soapboxes for neckbeards and armchair revolutionaries, as well as racists (recall the recent "ELI5 Why gypsies suck" thread). 




 No.

Zinn's one (slightly crackpot) side to a multifaceted story. The senate was an unelected body meant to provide (in theory, mind you) a bulwark against an overreaching federal government and semi-autonomous regional governments. 

Of course the framers were concerned about tyranny of the majority, as they should be, but the senate was not designed *only* to be a check on majority rule, and I disagree with his idea that "the framers" acted as one body that was exclusively interested in protecting their interests, and that that's the primary role they saw for the government. The framers were not a unanimous bloc, they had a lot of ideas for the roles of government, and they all disagreed about many of them. You can't make such blanket statements, things are more nuanced than that.

I can't stand people running around waving *People's History of the United States* and spouting these things as if they're the only way to look at it. 




 /r/polandball! 




 oh. I get it. That's really bad, man. 




 /r/ladybonersgonecuddly for not just double, but *triple* the karma


^^and ^^compliments, ^^cutie ^^;) 









 DAE reddit funnier than 9gag? We're so much FUCKING FUNNIER AND DON'T YOU DARE DISAGREE WITH ME.

[L]edit: thanks for the gold :) 
























 "I'm gay." 




 "Eh, I got work in the morning. Catch ya later!" 




 Huh? 




 Ron Paul suggests using DDT to stop the spread of Ebola (like malaria), and is quite wrong about that being an effective treatment. From the article:

"'As far as I can make out he's wrong about everything,' Fordham University's Dr. Alexander van Tulleken told Foreign Policy. No licensed or approved treatment for Ebola exists. Yes, the experimental ZMapp drug seems to have effectively treated two American aid workers transported from Liberia to Atlanta, and more such untested drugs are in development. But those patients have also benefited from expert care, van Tulleken notes, so the jury's still out. 'The only treatments for Ebola really are supportive care' such as ventilation to support lung failure, dialysis for kidney failure or fluid replacement via IV.

As for Paul's claims about DDT and organic phosphates, neither is an actual treatment nor control mechanism for Ebola. While some in the public health community view DDT as a legitimate solution for slowing malaria, there's no science that says it would cure or control Ebola.
'What Ron Paul has done is confuse Ebola with malaria,' van Tulleken says. **'If you hose DDT around, you get rid of the mosquitoes, and maybe get rid of malaria. But Ebola is transmitted by bodily fluid. He's really fucked it up.'** 









 /r/botsrights 





























 Isn't voting mandatory in Australia? 




 God this is gonna be a question on ELI5 in like 6 months, the way things are going. 




 [link to study](http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nclimate2335.html) 



















 Yes, indubitably! 





























 He really could've just given a straightforward "I was happy to see so many great law enforcement folks there last week, whether they were on duty or not." It was a little too bullshitty of an answer. Gotta really tread that line carefully between "bullshit" and "steaming bullshit." 



















































































































































































 Oh please, go back to writing your angsty poetry, would you? 




 Well, yeah, but it's *French* you uncultured swine. 




 Hmm. The connection is tenuous. 




 Is, um...is it...a dick?

I think it might be a dick. 




 He's got your mother? Or your approval? 




 And Pakistan has...how many nuclear weapons, now? 




 Well, that and well, I mean...y'know, you're...white. Ahem. 




 Don't be so rudely pointed. You could afford to suggest improvements more tactfully, if you want them taken seriously. 




 Just so you know, OP, you misspelled "probably." Otherwise, everything is spelled correctly. 




 Yes hello from the US, hopefully you can have your university students send us a "thank you" card or something for subsidizing your defense and freeing up all those education funds!

Not that I resent it or anything, it's just not so lickety-split as it seems. 




 This article is suuuuper harsh, wow. Idk enough to decide whether it's justified or not, but man that author seems to  really hate them. 




 Happy Birthday Massacre! 




 I didn't think these people were actually real. Is this a troll? 




 DOOOHOOHOOHOOOOOD 




 TIL black people are bad, and white people are victimized! 




 p[a]edophile 




 But you are not a brick, I assume. 




 You're a party pooper, that's what you are. 




 I MUST PET THEM 




 You shut up! My master could beat up your master! 




 LOL wrong thread dude XD 




 No Eyes is creeping me iut 




 OMG I have those same PJ's! I also have a dick pic in them...funny. 




 That makes more sense, but I prefer the other explanation better because it validates my opinions.

I'm torn. 




 Honestly I'm very surprised there isn't more content there. 




 You missed the reference, that's why you got downvoted.

Life is unfair. 




 I instantly read it in her voice :) 




 C'mon man, in layman's terms please. 









 Totally agree. Unsubbed a while ago. Very glad, much fewer random pictures of (what I think are) uninteresting things showing up on my front page.

Some people enjoy the sort of click-baity stuff that makes up most of the defaults, and that's fine, it can be fun. But I don't. 




 Where do you live? You can register in WA state online! Maybe you can in your state, too. 




 There is much hatred for this comment. It isn't the best comment, certainly. But the hatred seems disproportionate. 


































 [Link to study](http://www.asanet.org/documents/press/pdfs/AM_2014_Christin_Munsch_News_Release_FINAL.pdf) 



















 Ah, yeah, sorry about that. All you've got to do is close it out, you get like 8 articles a month for free or something like that.

Edit: Alternatively, $2.99 is a pretty good deal for a subscription, if you're as in to foreign affairs as I am. 










































































 Latin American countries are culturally similar to the U.S.? Have you visited either place...?

Also, you've completely forgotten how many asian immigrants we take in on the West Coast.

Stop making uneducated excuses for your ill-informed xenophobia. 




 Why do you hate me, /u/PrettyIceCube?  

















































 I'm very much surprised there hasn't been a shoutout to /r/forearmporn 




 Well, there've also been actual cuts to higher ed. In my state, the portion of tuition that was covered by the state has flipped from 66% to 33% in a few years. Meanwhile, we have more students and therefore a need for more bureaucracy.

We can settle for less and argue all we want about who gets the scraps, but the fact is we *need* to raise state funding generally. Both admin and faculty need to get paid, not one or the other. 




 I'm reading "The First World War and the International Power System" by Paul Kennedy, and he uses several tables and a short paragraph to summarize some of the basic causes of Italy's shitty performance during WWI; its industrial incapability, it's lack of economic power, etc. I'm wondering why Italy was so industrially incompetent and economically weak in the first place, despite having the historical power of the Vatican and having famous traders and explorers, and having such strong allies? Also why it militarily did not perform very well, but that's probably related to the answer to the question above. 




 Wouldn't it be UPS? Brown shirt and all... 














 I'll just bet it has something to do with those meddling British and their dumb Navy, but I really have to clue! 






















































 I don't understand why this reply from an expert is not being upvoted more than Dr. Amateur up there. 
































































 And marvel underwear!! Wonder who's on them ;) 




 What if I told you...it doesn't matter? 




 *Another* Jobs biopic? Ugh...

But yes to Michael. 




 Reddit is: totally avoiding the point for the sake of feeling important by correcting technicalities. 




 The basic premise that you're communicating is something I agree with, but you could maybe not be an asshole about it. 




 You just ran a half marathon on a whim?? 




 Well I mean yeah, but certainly the cunts over at /r/worldnews can be a bit cuntier than most, let's not throw ourselves all in their boat.

Edit: although I did use the word "cunt" twice in that sentence, so...maybe I do kind of suck. 




 So did you enjoy it? I haven't read it yet. 




 HEY EVERYBODY!! THIS GUY'S GIVING OUT FREE KARMA FOR ZOOLANDER REFERENCES!! 




 Eh, from time to time Disney does some fucked up shit. 
























