 Aw man... . You know what is sad, I don't have to. I already know what his reaction will be. He's going to look hurt and then tell me he is sorry but he doesnt want to do those things. Then he'll sleep. When he wakes up he'll tell me he's sorry again and tell me he'll try to learn about what I would like to try. That will be done to placate or 'shut me up' and then he will never look into dom/sub stuff, he'll never talk about it again until I bring it up, and he will seem bored and unconvinced that he should do it. Then he'll go back to sleep. 




 I think it's pretty much already been stated, this convo has been being had for 2 years now...and nothing from him. No inkling of wanting to do it. Also, ive never seen anyone look and act so bored about sex as he is. So moving on? I think we all know that answer. 




 Raises right hand, it's still holding the slider from my bong toke! 




 Breaking that prudish part of yourself can be hard. But I think it's easier to get a chick to do this than a guy. A lot of women have rape fantasies. Something as simple as blindfolding her and using a feather w/ alternating spanks on ass, thighs, even feet, can be amazing and stimulate the senses.

Man, I hope this stuff works for you!! Good luck!!! 




 well in that case, OOoh la la, where have you been all my life! You ready to chain me up to a wall and turn me into a trained pet? 




 I really like your idea! And best of luck to you with your wife!! 




 When in doubt, don't put out! 




 I think you did too. I have been made to not cum for up to 10 hours. I couldn't sleep or get off or anything. And,...o man, it was great. =P when i released i came 14 times. FOURTEEN 




 You hit the nail on the head. It is ending. I can't help but feel responsible for it since what my needs are are vastly different from his. I thought my urges would go away but they are only getting stronger and I had tried suppression. Heh. that SO did NOT work. But you are right, the communication is nil. I live with a man that I don't know, sometimes I feel like I'm a stranger around him. 




 We've been together so long, I think, because its comfortable. But it's less and less comfortable for me. It's almost like I do not know him anymore :( 




 Your post freaking helped me! We should look for men together!!! 




 Heh, I wish he'd even try that. I actually did try something similar that you suggest...and he just rolled over and went to bed. That is how he 'solves' everything, by sleeping and ignoring the issue. 




 He won't leave me. He's freaking bonded like crazy glue. Nope, I gotta do that. And teasing him,...he does not register it the way I would, he ignores it. 




 Like I stated before, I might not want it 24/7 if he would play with me even a little. I am beyond the point of making excuses for him. He just simply WILL NOT PLAY. I am 100% ok with doing what ever he wants. But that has to end, b/c I ALWAYS do what he wants and the most crazy thing we do is "lets stand and fuck". I'm not kidding. I wish I were.

BTW: It took us a long time and my bff yelling at him to realize that its actually important to get the girl off. Otherwise he would just roll over and sleep and tell me to "finish myself". He's starting to do that again.

As for your wife, I'd say start with small things. Leather paddle maybe, or even some restraints tied to a bed. Just her arms then, if she likes that, you can move to the legs being tied up. You could blindfold her and really go to town haha!! Just make sure she feels safe. That is your number one goal!! Good Luck!! 




 LoL. 

It's true!! 




 1. He refuses to compromise, at all. He simply will not do it. It's so aggrevating I want to tear my nails out sometimes. I can't express how awful it is to bend over on someones lap and tell them "ive been naughty, spank me" and have them nonchalantly push you off them and go back to watching Youtube.
2. I am very focused on sex. That is why I came to r/sex. I feel like my sexual health isn't being exercised, and I wanted to know if what I was feeling was ok or right. What I am finding is my sinking feeling of I need to break up is something that a lot of people would agree with. I'm not being selfish, he is by not even trying. I'm willing to do pretty much anything for him and I think I posted that I've asked what he wants. He wont tell me what he wants. He just...it's like he has almost no libido.

Also, you're right, relationships are more than just sex. But when your being sexually stifled and have 1 libido that is GO at 96% of the time/day or night...and one who is about 5% eh, ok, we can fuck, once a day/every few days/week...I'm sorry, but I can't do it... I've tried like hell for two years... 




 Haha... I have this cute comment waiting but I don't know if this is the right place. ^_^ 




 I don't believe he has one dominant bone in his body. He ignores his own sexual needs to the core. That being said, I think the internet wants me to leave him, which is fine by me, I can't be denying myself for much longer. 




 No one abused me when I was younger and it's not about 'being treated like shit'. Its absolutely wonderful to be treated like a slave/pet/sub. It's what I prefer. You don't, it balks you to say nasty things on reddit. But I am sure that anyone in a healthy D/s relationship will tell you it's not abuse and it's not unhealthy. It's consensual and beautiful. 




 I've actually got an acct with them...thanks for reminding me. I should really go over there, see whats going on. 




 I'll check that out, thanks :) 




 Thank you for your support. And yeah,  I hope to find someone better 




 I kind of did, didn't I? 




 That's kinda where I am at "what's the point" 




 Piedmont of NC 




 Its hard to not feel selfish. I fought myself for a long time about who I am sexually-speaking. I hated my sub-self. So I hid it, and when I realized thru lots of self exploration, reading, and learning that there is not one thing wrong with me I had to get over that head game. When I expressed it to him, what I wanted he seemed just..non-interested. Like what I need is non-consequential. It's stifling to be told no and that it's you, when really, deep down, I know it's not me. I'm not repressed the way I was, and I can't deal with being in a repressive relationship. 




 Full-time, but he won't play at all. 




 I have tried the porn thing. TODAY even I tried it. His response was to look at me funny and go to bed for the next several hours. He's up now and still nothing.

But your right, he is wasting a perfectly good sub. I want to be trained!! 




 I need to seek hard to find a good one tho... 




 I'll be on my way as soon as I figure out how to leave this dude I am with. I'm so beyond done. I care about him but he refuses to perform and he knows what I need...one can only care for so long before boredom and loathing set in. 




 I live in the southeast bible belt. I am an atheist. Trust me, this is isn't going to be as easy as it looks. I might have to relocate! 




 It's been years since I've looked for men. This is going to be crazy hard... 




 Well, I've been 'really unhappy' for a while now.

Where do I find hair pulling men?? 




 I feel like I have done all I can do. It's up to him and he'd rather roll over and pass out with No stinging the air. There is no play, not one little bit. Maybe I wouldn't desire it so strongly if I could get it out of my system, but it's going to get bad if he doesn't turn around. I will leave him. It's the only fucking recourse here.

Thus comes the whole "find a new guy" crusade, one that does what I need. I hope it's not freaking hardcore to locate!! 




 I just don't think he realizes that it is important. Then he'll apologize later on for how he is. I've tried to find out/do things he likes but there's very little response in that category. It seems very wishy washy 




 Well, it's also how I am talked to and treated and made to feel. But yeah, it's like that. 




 I'm 27. And yeah, it is like he doesn't care. Then he gets all apologetic to me saying "i don't know why i can't do those things for you, and I'll try", but it's much more pacifying talk than anything. 




 O.O 




 Oh, I have. Many, many times. It's gotten so bad I've actually cried later on b/c he gets this No thing and just shuts down, rolls over and goes to sleep. ONCE he did tie me up, and b/c that happened 'before' it doesn't need to happen 'now'. 




 Haha... I don't think cheating is quite the answer. But if I break up, expect a different posting from me...it's really THAT bad. 




 hehe, i have this guy's exact problem but in reverse. 




 I want to be treated like a sex slave. All the time. I want to be tied up and have my hair pulled and have slave bells, I want all of that. I have a boyfriend, and Ive tried for 2 years now to get him to do anything beyond vanilla with me. It's proven to be incredibly frustrating for me, as I ~~want~~ need to have this done to me, otherwise I don't get any fulfillment with sex...Any ideas, tips, thoughts, suggestions? 




 your a lucky man, but she's even luckier you're actually going to do it. i want to do that for my guy...he's absolutely not budging, it makes me so sad ;_; 




 Me too..Id like the email option 




 I don't know if I actually trust this guy's theories. He seems kinda 'we dont know therefore aliens', kinda guy.

..and before you get on my case, I have had my own experience(s), but I'm still very skeptical of this guy. 




 That's actually kinda sad :( 




 Mmm Yummy :) 




 And then shit the fire of Mordore 




 I just threw up a little in my mouth, excuse me please. 




 I love this guy. I'm actually going to friggin' vote.
edit: I think he should do an AMA. I'm not kidding. Let's get behind this guy!!! 




 no, no, they were fakes... but thats not to say there aren't VERY good, clear photos and videos of unusual phenom in the sky

Happy hunting! 




 I have almost all of this except for the SP. Not bad. As a kid I used to concentrate on the floaty feeling really hard and could make myself actually dizzy by making my body feel as though I were floating. To be truthful, I love it. However, I agree, it is better when you sleep alone...having a shifty in bed partner...kinda sucks... 




 I have no problem with eating meat. However, the treatment of said "meat" while in life is, to me, of utmost importance. I'm not saying they get heated floors and mani/pedi's every Saturday morning with a latte.

What I'm saying is I am 100% for ethical treatment of food while it's alive. No matter if it's a dog, cat, rabbit, cow, pig, duck, goose, or fish. It's mind boggling to me that people could feel ok with doing this to something alive. Not to freakin' mention that mammals when living in a stressful and/or unhealthy living conditions release chemicals from the brain that DO NOT EXIT THE BODY. Instead, they build up in the muscle...and what of animals, pray tell, do we eat? The fucking muscles. So what? You might think. Heh... These chemicals don't release from our bodies, either. That means even if going thru the digestive system they can be absorbed into the body and are not passed. This build up of negative emotional chemicals into the body happens in our own lives! Why the fuck would you want to eat something that has been freaking miserable its whole life, knows nothing but misery and has been releasing this chemical into it's muscles and then YOU and your Family ingest this meat. Maybe, just maybe, the reason so many people are on things like Prozac or Zoloft might actually stem from the living conditions and overall mental soundness of the freaking meat we are eating.

Ok. Sorry to write all of that, I was going to make a short comment and that just blurted out of me. I feel very passionate about this idea of mine and I really do feel that it does matter what you eat and how it was handled in life. In fact, if you have ever gotten meat from farmers who have clean pastures and feed their, say, cattle with grains, oats, molasses and not just soley corn, you know you can taste the difference. And I also feel good after I eat it, not like the feeling you get from McD's or even most store bought meat.
/my 2cents 




 i knew i didn't like clowns 




 Well, hehe, since I get a choice, I'll go with Fission :) 




 you were touched by his noodley appendage and ye, you were filled. :) 




 how do i set fire in space???? 




 no one else will get this, but..that is sooo minty 




 Yeah, I thought the same thing. I'd lie lie lie to get my ass outta there 




 I never felt like it was bad., but it was never really impressed upon me, either. I can absolutely see this as something the women will only share with the bishop and feel absolute inner guilt that something that feels amazing is demonized and "satan is within you, controlling you". I feel lucky in that way...however, I was incredibly sheltered from all things sexual so for the most part I really didn't know I was even engaging in masturbation(i didn't exactly touch myself so it wasn't the same, right?!) 




 Basically this translated to me: we won't give you this money unless you do some work, and what better way for us to keep an eye on you and control you more then you keep you in the church building itself and make you work! Nothing wrong with working for your money, but working for money that keeps you in a perpetual guilt for something absolutely natural is sick and twisted. 




 When my Bishop was gone for a while, his First Counselor took over the interviews for the temple. He actually did ask me if I masturbated, and I lied and told him no. But they never discussed this with the women the way they do with men. It's freaking crazy, and really really awful. It kinda...makes me sick 




 How does that even come up in a meeting with the Bishop? Do they ask you if you do it, or watch it and how often? Or is like, more than one offense grounds to recommend this? 




 So... I had no idea about this til today. I am very disgusted about the level the church steeps down to in regards to masturbation, especially to the priesthood. And for what? To instill in these youth/men that there is something wrong with them, that they are addicts to porn and masturbation. Wow.
So,..I did a little digging because I was curious and found this :)
http://www.sonsofhelaman.org/?p=program_summary

I very much enjoyed this:
http://www.sonsofhelaman.org/?p=answers qid=63

Then I found these:
http://groups.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_detail.php?profid=74358 sid=1307514490.1743_12604 city=Ogden county=Weber state=Utah#group
and
http://www.blogger.com/profile/02766236371559828795

http://dl.dropbox.com/u/14969804/Final%20Complete%20Writings%20of%20SoH%205-2-2011.pdf

http://mwharkertherapist.blogspot.com/

Ugh. It's just sickening to read this. I feel for people living in Utah, going thru this. If anyone has ever been to one of these meetings or knows something about this, let me know. 




 im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :) 




 im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :) 




 I  Jimmy Johns...this does not deter me from my Italian Night Club with Salt and Vinegar Chips and a Root Beer. ...anyone else?
/munchies
//also..they do use sarcasm in their marketing...it's no matter 




 my brain is bleeding 




 Hitler was involved in occult practices, this was stricken by Winston Churchill but it's not unknown. The Islam shit? I have never heard that 




 Hasa Diga Eebowai 




 It is really awesome to hear that your parents didn't turn ugly. And, for real, congratulations :) 




 this needs more upvotes and we need to make a youtube channel and maybe get some tv commercials going if it really takes off. i support this fully. I'm in. 









 I don't normally upvote, but when I do it involves Blow Up dolls and Raptures :)

I want to do this now!!! 




 ^_^ it's just skin! haha...we taste like pork 




 I've chewed and eaten the skin tags on my thumb...does that count? it's kinda salty.. 




 This kinda shit has always bothered me. Even Amish know to bring their families into the hospital, dr, dentist if someone should need it. These people are just batshit insane and one step away from having a 'Children Under The Stairs' scenario.

/Everyone knows The Flying Spaghetti Monster DOES NOT FAITH-HEAL

 




 high 




 omg yes they do, and i dunno if this is normal but they also asked me if i did inappropriate behavior with my siblings. i freaked
 




 ...so tornados hitting TORNADO Alley is now considered a part of Global Warming?...okay....I'm still not 100% on the "every storm is global warming" bandwagon. I do, however, see an intensity with these storms that is upped from previous years but, we don't have thousands of years or even more than 200 years of info on what tornados can do...I dunno. Skeptical til I find out more :) If you do have info, plz don't bite my head off, instead, just share :) ty!! ( I 3 Learning) 




 Those seem like very old outdated and stuff... moving along 




 Huckabee biatches that she is unwed and pregnant, but, my my my, could you imagine what he'd say if she'd had an abortion?! yeah...

fornication happens, mike. deal 




 that's a fruit i'd like to see later on in the evenin' ;P 




 ...I just find it distasteful to try and make others feel like shit, really makes you look like an adult. 




 Thank you for writing all those words. 




 I was not aware there was! Thank you Flat_Lander :) 




 ^_^ thank you. that was rather awesome of a reply. maybe i have been talking with really big douchey atheists? and you are correct they are loud (anger and hatred have a tendency to be loud anyways) I dunno, I still don't like the term Atheist, but I guess that it doesn't really mean to imply the anger, just the lack of belief of god. 




 i know, but i was just thinking about that off-chance and kinda got sad :( fgm is so sad :( 




 **also-atheism isn't about belief, it's about a lack of belief** 




 No, no, you are right, I am indeed bitching. Also, I am not a "sir", heh. I just, I'm new here and I don't get how all the hating of theists is really any different from the hatred coming out of the Westborough Church. While the Westborough Church'll say god(who doesn't exist) hates you and is glad that our soldiers died, it's really not that different from how Atheists I see on here act toward religion/religious people.
And while I don't believe the shit they spew at churches, I do find that most religious people are generally nice if you don't tell your views. In fact, lots of people who are religious don't even really discuss it, they show they are "good christians" through their actions of charity and kindness. While maybe it's only b/c they think the flying spaghetti monster is always watching, it's a helluva lot nicer than sitting in a room of Atheists who are bitching about the theists. I dunno, maybe the poster above you is right about the "anti-theists". I'm not an angry atheist, and I'm not trying to push anything on anyone. I kinda like people to be, oh happy, and not oh, try to make others feel badly for what they think. :/ 




 it's nice to see that part of your good day was to make her feel bad... i am an atheist but it really pisses me off when atheists get off on making theists feel terrible about how they feel. if they aren't pushing their irrationality on you, leave it alone.
...consider the football player that always wears the same socks for a game, he thinks it makes him always win when he wears them, but doesn't tell anyone. he never hurt a single person due to his irrational thought and didn't press it upon his teammates to do something similar, and why would you make that football player feel bad about the socks he wears? same goes true for religion. however-if they are pressing their religion on you by all means talk with them about your viewpoints and don't agree with them, but for fuck's sake making people feel bad and being happy about that later, that's fucking sick and it's sadistic. goddamn atheists have a better than thou or smarter than thou attitude ... and you wonder why ppl hate you so much? think about it. 




 I can't believe I am the first one to point this out but...
if this story is true, and that girl just happened to be foreign, there is a chance she may have undergone FGM[Female Genital Mutilation], and would, indeed pee and bleed out of the same hole. Yeah, it's absolutely infuriating to think about it happening, but it does happen in USA and Canada as well as many First World Countries. TERRIFYING(fmg should be an awareness rage comic or somethin') 




 I want this to be true, oh so true.
/misses Pete and Pete too :( 




 i thought it was something spiritual as a child til i got older and realized it wasn't. always wondered if it had a name...both my boyfriend and i have this 




 good to see other people get out of that religion. i was raised in a part-member lds home, and i believed. i did until i started learning about the history and a few other things... grats.

did you ever study the history of joseph smith and what he did? 




 I live there off and on. Nice peeps! Cook out rox!! 




 I absolutely concur. 100%. I had this tequila hangover that wouldn't quit, but two hits later I was a-ok. Still a little groggy, but I was able to stop vomiting on a cross state trip thru Florida 




 I just went to PP for the first time yesterday. Thank you for working there. I am saddened that there is so much controversy over such an important service for women. The people who work there are not monsters, they are giving women a choice, a choice to keep themselves healthy and prepared. If it weren't for PP, so many home abortions would occur which are incredibly dangerous. I don't comprehend the negativity surrounding this, it's primarily for the safety of women and the choice is there's. BTW, PP is not just about abortion, but for many religious groups that is all they think about. Once again thank you and I hope your funding doesn't get cut. 
























 They are pretty damned similar 




 No, actually, I was way more interested in trying to figure out what it was. And also, remembering what I saw. It was amazing. 




 April 2, 2007. I wrote the event down in my journal 




 I realized it did not prove an existence of god. For some reason that specific line of thinking made me realize there was no god, as I previously would have expected such an event to prove to me there was.  




 He did not pull me over or anything. He just basically almost hit me and then got off at the next available exit. His lights were on but his siren was off. I really wished he'd pulled me over and taken some kind of statement from me. It was so strange. 




 I considered the possibility that I might be going absolutely insane. But my brain is usually pretty spot on. I was alone, unfortunately. I actually wished that the cop had pulled me over. I wanted to talk with someone else I KNEW who had seen it.  




 Anything by SeeingUfosPa is great :) 




 I saw this "unknown" while living in Florida. I was coming home from college class at night around 9:30. I had to drive from Orlando to basically Tampa (yea, it was a long way). I was just driving and to my right I saw this red light and then I thought, huh, what is that? And i saw this thing that looked like a red blood cell, and it just came toward me, made a beeline. It was really strange. I am actually amazed I didn't crash the van. 




 Yet I do not think that aliens in any way mean "there is a god" 




 It looked like a red blood cell. That blinked on and off, but kept a constant blood red glow to it. The part that looked like a "membrane" or "plasma" caught a lot of the light and seemed to prevent any kind of illumination on things unless they were very close (tops of trees, for example).

I saw it and it came right up to the minivan I was driving. About 25-30 ft away and slightly above my windshield. I saw the center of it. It looked like it was blood red, but I saw the center and it was yellow and white in the very center, and it was washing, like from the left to right, like in spin cycle. 
Then it just changed. The "membrane" around it faded away and the center stretched and it became what looked like a metallic remote controlled plane. Only flying backwards at 75mph and moving in a fig 8 pattern. It stayed there until (strangely enough) a police cruiser almost hit my minivan and came in between me and this thing and it veered off to the right and that is about when I lost sight of it. 




 In addition to going backwards, I was driving at 75 mph, and it was keeping a constant equidistance from me. 




 It was so close to me for one. So small. It looked like a red blood cell that would blink on and off, and then it shapeshifted into what looked like a plane. But even if it were a remote controlled plane, it would have to be going backwards, and the way it was moving was as if one was holding a baton in the center and moving it in a figure eight movement. It was pretty strange stuff. I have never seen anything like it, but I have seen videos on YT that really seem similar to what I have seen (including the shapeshifting). That makes me think, something is going on. 




 I understand, UFO is a very specific term. Would "unknown" be better? I saw an "unknown", I actually have no idea what the fuck I saw. :) 




 This. Is not relevant. 




 Because it made me realize a much much larger picture of life and how it works. I had always believed "God" had made beings on other planets (the universe is gigantic as all get out) but religiously I had been taught they could never come in contact with us. When I saw this I realized, we weren't the most advanced anything. I realized my insignificance and how amazing it is that I am even alive. And somehow all that just fit :) 




 3 for rawness 




 3 or maybe 2 




 I can't figure out what they're doing over england .... 




 What if one sees a supernatural event, can't prove it, but does not ever claim that event to be something from god, but something "unknown"?? 




 those girls have bad parents 




 Sexually, I agree with this and am willing to bet this woman is a sub. :) 




 Having had my own personal experience, I would lean toward the tendency to believe them. :)

And you're right, they do have a lot to lose. 




 The government isn't doing a good job of keeping this a secret. The number of former government employees, colonels, astronauts, pilots, air traffic controllers, etc etc who are coming forward in larger and larger numbers are telling the story. If they are to be believed then we have a giant leak instead of a cover up.  




 I don't feel bad, but I am constantly horny...am right now...damn... 




 Hello r/UFOs

Crop Circles for 2011

http://www.cropcircleconnector.com/2011/2011.html#OF

You are welcome :) 




 nosebleed. same shit used to happen to me as a kid. all the freakin' time, too. 




 Mmm... Out-of-bounds sexual lust :)

My favorite 




 While I don't know for 100% certain, my personal guess is that animal mutilations are possibly being done by e.t. for some sort of purposes I could only guess at. There are striking similarities between what happened to the people and what is found at animal mutilation sights. I could be way off and wrong, but it's my opinion. :) 




 Honestly, I remember church being filled with lots of very rotund ladies and gentlemen. They definitely weren't so pretty. Some of them were pretty, but most girls between 15-30, look pretty good. Then a lot of them get fat. And on medication for the depression they suffer from being mormon... bleh 




 Ok. This is for all the people who are saying the cop did his job and it was a bad situation blah blah blah.
He could have slit it's throat, quickly and nearly painlessly.
No, he bludgeoned it to death. On top of that, there was physical damage to the guys SIDING. When the fuck did the cop have to smash the cat into the side of the house? I really think this cop didn't like cats and really, he didn't do his job. There are many ways to kill a cat, bludgeoning ANYTHING to death is just heartless and indeed, inhumane. Fuck this officer. If he can't hold it together to realize a better way of ending an injured animal's life, I wouldn't trust him to 'protect and serve' me, my family, friends, or even enemies. 




 Dylatov Pass Incident. So much high strangeness associated with the case . 




 ive seen that before, i was a kid but thought it was weird... 




 I like the way it's progressed or "evolved" or is evolving! :)

It's how, I think, it should happen that way. 




 The Moon moves farther and farther away from us every single year, it is small but negligible. Therefore your last point has no relevance. 




 This is her main page; http://www.youtube.com/user/seeingUFOsPA?blend=1 ob=4#p/u/0/uQTi7xwozFc 




 Volunteer for Mufon, that is such a good idea. I'd like to talk with others about their unique experiences, I know how scary it can be. Almost traumatic in that your view on life changes abruptly. 




 http://www.youtube.com/user/seeingUFOsPA?blend=1 ob=4 




 Om nom nom 




 Heh, that's pretty damned close to what I saw, yes.
Additionally, I am saddened that many people have written her and said that she is just filming regular planes or she is using a form of trickery. Having seen this in real life, I can say I don't think what she is filming are real planes or is a fake craft. 




 Sake House is pretty good :) They are off Durant Rd 




 bcccl, this event absolutely changed my life. I know that sounds cliche. But it really did. I never looked at things quite the same way, I saw something that most people never even have conceived of. Just seeing this made me recognize how little we really know about, well, anything. We are still just learning what is out there and even what is here. Our Oceans are largely unexplored. We know so very very little, and yet what we do know seems so very vast. It's amazing. And I'll tell ya what, the part that I have cog dis about is really the FACT that I have no litmus test to really know if what I saw was indeed UFO, or of Earthly Origin, or, and I concede this is a possibility, I was hallucinating. I truly hope it is not the last.  




 A: Nope.

And I don't know why it showed me what it did.  I can go so far as to 
speculate that it may have been biological. Yet, I keep thinking it may have been from a Tier 2 civilization where it probably would appear to be biological.  And I will have the diagrams up tonight or tomorrow :) 




 You have no idea how much I'd like the rest of humanity to witness what I did, albeit maybe not as close up, so that they could see too. Then they would know there is more going on than their 9-5 lives. And it is lonely... I saw something so rare so amazing and yet if I tell people their reaction is that as if you said you saw a unicorn...they don't believe you and think your a bit looney or a lot looney. :( 




 My dad's reaction shut me up about it and unfortunately I didn't contact MUFON til a few years after the event. Thankfully they took my story seriously and asked me (at extensive length) the full account, details and all. I am so happy I contacted them, being able to talk with someone, even an investigator, was almost therapeutic. I didn't feel as though I was being judged, which was important to me.

I have not been on TV for this event, and I don't believe anecdotal evidence is evidence. It's personal knowledge and until they perfect memory extraction, it remains as it is, a memory. Yes, I am familiar with the account of the vehicle that was hit by a UFO and they collected a powder of sorts. Very interesting stuff, but I have never spoken with that woman.

I wasn't that tired at the time of the event. I stated already it was about 9:30pm and I had been released a bit early from my college class. I had a 1 1/2 hour drive home and when I finally got home and ready for bed, it was actually pretty late. So, when I wrote about it I just watned to get a few things in there about it. Including the initial diagram. I have since gone back and written more in-depth about my account, including better diagrams.

Also, in the past two years I have learned about the kind of UFO I believe I saw. There is a lady on youtube, her handle is SeeingUFOsPa, and the lady has filmed innumerable hours of what I am pretty sure is what I saw. Unfortunately, she hasnt released any vids that would show these craft coming up as closely as they did with me, not even half as close as my encounter. As to your medication question, I was 100% sober. I have never suffered hallucinations and trust me, I still question whether what I saw was real or not. The mere fact I wrote it down when I did pushes me to believe that something happened. 




 My dad's reaction shut me up about it and unfortunately I didn't contact MUFON til a few years after the event. Thankfully they took my story seriously and asked me (at extensive length) the full account, details and all. I am so happy I contacted them, being able to talk with someone, even an investigator, was almost therapeutic. I didn't feel as though I was being judged, which was important to me.

I have not been on TV for this event, and I don't believe anecdotal evidence is evidence. It's personal knowledge and until they perfect memory extraction, it remains as it is, a memory. Yes, I am familiar with the account of the vehicle that was hit by a UFO and they collected a powder of sorts. Very interesting stuff, but I have never spoken with that woman.

I wasn't that tired at the time of the event. I stated already it was about 9:30pm and I had been released a bit early from my college class. I had a 1 1/2 hour drive home and when I finally got home and ready for bed, it was actually pretty late. So, when I wrote about it I just watned to get a few things in there about it. Including the initial diagram. I have since gone back and written more in-depth about my account, including better diagrams.

Also, in the past two years I have learned about the kind of UFO I believe I saw. There is a lady on youtube, her handle is SeeingUFOsPa, and the lady has filmed innumerable hours of what I am pretty sure is what I saw. Unfortunately, she hasnt released any vids that would show these craft coming up as closely as they did with me, not even half as close as my encounter. As to your medication question, I was 100% sober. I have never suffered hallucinations and trust me, I still question whether what I saw was real or not. The mere fact I wrote it down when I did pushes me to believe that something happened. 




 I might try to get some pictures up, I do have a stylus/tablet handy :) 




 I've already contacted MUFON and the leading investigator for Florida called me. She and I spoke at length about my sighting.

The whole orb itself was not that big, maybe a little wider than my minivan front window(I should say the "plasma membrane" was as wide, the red blinking center was smaller, just think of a giant red blood cell). When it changed, the wings were also the same length as the windshield. 




 My immediate reaction was to try really hard to remember what I was seeing because I knew I'd never see it again and I had to tell someone. So I paid attention. Seriously. I felt like I had to stay calm, and I just kept driving, part of me wonders if I didn't partly have shock. 




 I thought I had been dreaming. When I woke up and found that I had actually written it and actually had experienced this I felt like I must have hallucinated the entire event. I thought about it for weeks. I finally told my Dad, and he had some words for me. He told me to "lay off the crack", got up and left the patio. I just sat there, too stunned to cry, but feeling so incredibly hurt. I had seen something so rare and it was thrown back at me.

4 years later, I still feel like I have no answers. I still struggle to understand what I have seen. I contacted MUFON. The lady I spoke with was very interested in what I had to tell her. She sounded very eager to hear what I had seen.

I'd like to also say, I've seen things in the sky before, but only way up high. Nothing could have prepared me for this. 




 I always wondered that myself. However, I have no idea. It was just very strange. 




 I don't have a scanner, so I can't do that. Not that it would matter, I didn't go that in-depth with my story in my journal as I wrote it really late at night and thought I was dreaming. I just wrote some stuff and drew a diagram before I passed out. 




 It was about 20 feet from me. I got a really good look at it. 




 just shared :) feel free to have a look bcccl 




 I am going to do this kind of as an AMA-style, but with the questions to have focus on the experience. Having said as such, this is what happened.

It was April 02, 07, around 9:30p, I was on the 408W at about exit 12 or 11. I saw a red light reflecting off the buildings and thought it was funny because of how high up it was, and thought maybe it was some emergency lights. I saw between the two buildings a red, pulsating light that was enveloped in what looked to be a plasma shield. My best way of describing it would be a red blood cell, complete with plasma membrane. I had a funny thought about it, when it turned to it's right and came up very quickly upon me and my minivan which I was currently driving.

This thing proceeded to be about 20-30feet in front and slightly above the van. It was pulsating a deep red and when the little ball would light up the "plasma" would catch the light. I noticed it appeared like a washer inside, as it seemed a 'red light liquid' was washing around an inner 'yellow light liquid' with maybe some white in the very center, as it was very bright inside, liquidy washing around. (so strange)

As I am watching this I realize the "plasma" is.. de-materializing? The center red pulsating ball of light started to spin and stretch and it grew wings. Wings like a plane, in fact, it looked a lot like a drone plane!!(Complete with a silvery finish, and what looked like a cockpit, however there was no 'tail end' to speak of) But...I was driving at a constant speed of 75mph(I don't speed and I had cruise control on), and to make matters more interesting, it was facing me. On each wing tip there was a light, one yellow the other white, blinking on and off back and forth. At the underbelly was the SAME red ball of liquid light, still blinking. It seemed wobbly. The best way to describe it would be if you held a baton at the middle and made figure 8's with your wrist. It would be that motion.

I remember looking back at one point, to see if other cars were around me because I noticed the cars all in front of me had pretty well taken off. I had no luck behind me as well. Not moments later, after looking, a police cruiser with lights flashing but no siren, came up from my left and almost sideswiped my van, coming in between myself and the craft "drone plane look-alike". 

The craft responded to this by veering off to the right and it "grew" for better of lack of a term, a spotlight, that I believe was behind the red light and as it had flown up to this brick building, it shined a light on a window on it. I tried to watch it as it flew away and I kinda wanted it to come back, but I lost sight of it. I lost sight of the police cruiser, too. I kinda really wanted him to pull me over, just so I could talk with someone else about what I'd just seen. Somewhere, that cop is out there, and s/he saw it too.

Ok, sorry for the wall of text, but I thought ya'll might want to hear it. It changed my fucking life. 




 Oh man, you have NO idea. I told my dad my sighting and he had a few choice words for me. It's very upsetting. 




 I don't doubt you saw what ya saw. I've shared a few similarly to you, and I'll tell you, it's good to know others saw some similar things. 




 No, my journal is this little diary that I had kept. I still have the it in my closet :) 




 read above reply :) 




 I think I might write it out as sort of an AMA on r/ufos. That way, I can tell my story to the right audience and will [undoubtedly] get much better direct questions. :) I didn't know anyone'd want to hear it. 




 Good thing he saw his far off, I had a nice close up and personal encounter. Left me questioning my own sanity, thought it was a dream, and wrote about it (with drawings of it) in my journal so if I woke up and it wasn't there I knew I was just dreaming. I still have this journal, with this information logged in there. Either I am still dreaming or I have to concede,  I really saw..something. 




 dude this just happened to me...hoorah
:D 




 I don't know, I think I'd just say, "Please deliver to [name of park]. Please remember plates, napkins, and (if possible) wetnaps. Please announce that this food is for the Occupy Protesters, not to be given to police or media." If the product is not food that can prove more difficult, but this is NOT impossible. We CAN support those in this movement, and let them know We Are In Solidarity. 




 umm...we DON'T go home and show them that we are really serious? Fuck that meme, we will prove it wrong thru actions that will become a real meme instead of simply sitting on our asses and making a new "no, we will stay, we promise!" meme. Now get out there! And if you can't, there are plenty of ways to keep the protest real for you. Try having products sent out to the protesters, have pizza's delivered, send ponchos, send blankets, etc etc. 









 Hi Lady :) Did he know if you were a virgin or not before he started dating you? It sounds like the church is a big part of his life, and it is interesting that he didn't say anything about it beforehand. Anyways, do you drink? And if you do, is that also an issue for him?

I am really sorry that you have to go thru this btw. I know that's GOTTA suck. Good Luck, whatever you choose. 




 A severe lack of the beef. 




 It's a trap! 




 Hey Mattato, let's do it. I been looking for some good vigilant justice.
haha

But seriously folks, these places need to be brought down and people need to be put in some incarceration. For real. 




 ^_^ welcome! I hope what you find here helps you!! If I were you I'd check out r/atheism. They are really nice there and give you an idea that not only are you NOT alone but a lot of people are disaffecting from their other religions because of facts.  




 I agree with most everything except that you kinda got on the people who make the pieces. Most people who are making their own piece should be 'smart' enough to ensure the safety of the wood. Otherwise, unless your in Cali...be careful ENTS 




 With all the evidence coming forward of the 'seeds of life' as it were being found in asteroids and possible water on Mars, the vastness and HUGENESS of the galaxy, not to mention the age of the freaking universe herself...

I'm just going with they point more and more toward that we cannot only be alone but that there is most likely to be civilizations that are far surpassing us in everything. Not to mention, there is some talk, wish I had the freaking source right now, that says some old life even on earth didn't use O2 the way we do. So... it's just really really likely that we could never have ever been 'alone'. As for ufo's...It's hard to provide strong evidence for what most likely doesn't want to be 'caught' and 'studied'. After all, if you went to a primitive village would you want them to do that to you? (just saying, we are primitive to their tech, hands down) 




 I don't know if it was doctrine, but I know that is something a lot of my YW leaders would point toward as 'proof' the church was true. 




 That's pretty hilarious.
In fact it reminded me of this:
I seem to remember as a young woman there was a big emphasis put on how a temple cannot be damaged by nature, only by man. This is because, once blessed, God protected it and those inside of it.  The Kirkland Temple in Ohio got hit by a tornado and so I asked about it. My teachers said it was because it was now 'owned by the reformed LDS that it was no longer under the same blessings'.
Has anyone else heard this? 




 My cat steals my underwear and puts it in her 'cathouse'. We lovingly refer to it as her "treasure" 




 This picture is as fake as god. Nothing to see here, move along. 




 Ooooh them's fightin' words. get those guys. get em good. and get it where it hurts. 




 ;P Why thank you 




 I never stated that I was seeing any therapist... And it wouldn't matter. It's normal and healthy to want to feel out of control for orgasms and pain.

Maybe someone should put you in a maid outfit with a buttplug and make you clean their home in heels. They can videotape you and tell you how sexy you look while cleaning up. Then, when that is over, they take the buttplug out of you and fuck the shit out of you...cuz um, you sound like a bitter sub. I used to be that way, then I embraced myself  :) 




 Wow, I can't tell if you're trolling or are really of that mindset.

But, no, nothing 'happened' to me, my mental health is fine and it would almost sound like your jealous of my openness. Too bad for you! 




 No no, don't stop. Do go on =p 




 It's not as easy as it would initially sound. I kind of live off my beau, so now I have to get my own job, my own car and get my shit together, then I can leave. This isn't going to be a quick thing. But, I'll keep you informed should I attend a munch. Fun fun... 




 Hahah cute!! You should PM me if you really want to get to know me tho. Also add where you stay. Im in NC. 




 I dunno, the more I learn about it the more I doubt. I just don't think that if they were there,they there was any real "teaching" going on. Probably just abductions like we see today. And sightings, b/c back then there really were 0 satellites, planes, rockets, etc. So when you saw something in the sky it freaking mattered. Probably enough to make carvings in stone. :D 




 Maybe I should go, at least to one. I know that the munches around here you can't just "go" tho. You have to set up an appointment and meet with the people who run it and they decide if you can attend. I have a lot of anxiety about that and, really, any info they can give you should be right on the website about it. Makes me more nervous than calm to be truthful. But I do think it's a good idea to go. It's a great idea. 




 Barely got that one time out of him...it was tooth and nail too. 




 we taste like pork :)
Mmm bacon 




 haha, i see you want to play into my subby nature by making me attend a munch! ^_^ I'm just nervous and shy irl... Not so much on the net, anonymity and whatnot. 




 I'm laughing really freaking hard. Where you stay?

also some hair pulling and ass spanking would be nice. 




 It's a little more difficult than all that. However, I have been kinda looking into munches in my area... I'm a little nervous tho.  




 Doin' great...how about yourself ^_^ 




 I've actually been considering getting one... =P 




 No I realize in this case, it's not a me or him issue. It's a both of us. I need something entirely vastly different than what he is able to provide for me. There's nothing wrong with what I want. He wants someone to video game with hours on end with sex a strong afterthought. Me? I need to be told what to do and made to feel sexy while being made to be submissive. I could care less about hours of gaming, I'd rather be tied up and have my ass high in the air and spanked. It's two very different people trying to make one relationship work, and it's failing. 




 Get to know redditors better...that seems like a challenge I can commit to! I love this place! 




 O.O i need one of you here. now. 




 you are entirely welcome sir, and thank you :) 




 hahah 




 Sometimes, it'd be nice if he just told me what the issue is. Is he not into it? Is he not into me? He said he doesn't think it's mean or bad and doesn't see a single thing wrong with it, but he refuses to do it. And most of the time, he just listens to me tell him about how I feel and what I need and doesn't say a word. He just stares blankly. I feel ... shut out. So, yeah, I think stonewalling is on point. 




 thinking about that makes my toes curl :) 
























 I wouldn't apologize for this. 




 ditto :) 




 That's pretty shit, bro. I'm sorry you are dealing with that, I do hope you avoided the trap of debt. o.o 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq3PpZGTGQ8 




 Lol. I feel that way... 




 Anyone know where they are hiring around here? I've been looking for a bit now and been turned down for every place I've looked. I know it shouldn't be this hard to find a job...

Any ideas or insights would be fantastic and greatly appreciated. I'm great with marketing and I know how to do receptionist/secretarial work. 




 This is one article that made me go YAY! 




 I know right, that photographer was a wimp 




 Sometimes I wish there were a hell, so the men that did this would go there. For taking the life of a child in this manner is definitely go-to-hell worthy. I guess we should just take it upon ourselves to find the perps and be on the upside of fucking the rest of their every day up. 




 In a radio interview they said they had issues with the waves for the first object while photographing it. They said that for the second object that the disturbances were much stronger. It was harder to photograph. While this doesn't mean it necessarily was magnetic interference, it was something they noted. There is a bit of discrepancy there, tho.  




 Those kids looked like any little kids. Small, fragile, innocent, full of life...and it was taken away because some old men can't talk out their problems like ADULTS. I'll never understand that. Ever. If I murdered people because I was angry, or appointed others to kill b/c I was angry, I'd be jailed. But you give me a title of "leader" or the ilk, and suddenly all this red-tape shows up and people get all scared. Grow up, assholes, they are murdering your children for fuck's sake. 




 i don't get why asking a fellow redditor that question would bother them so much, unless they were a dick. 




 I'd be highly skeptical of a meteorite, simply due to lack of evidence of any devastation that an impact of that size might bring to the surrounding land.

I fully agree there needs to be real-time video of this event, with multiple cameras on multiple live feeds. If aliens come out of there, I want to see! If it's a meteor, I want to see! If it's something man-made from Atlantis or what have you, I want to see that too! Truth is, it's not unheard of for governments to see something like this and close it off to the public due to "safety" or something. If that does happen, and there is censorship and a media-blackout occurs, pay very special attention to the terminology used, and people that live near there should be watching, too. They need to take pictures of the event, they need to ensure that the rest of the world knows what is down there. I don't think it's something we've ever seen before, but it could be an Oopart. I really feel like if that were the case, it'll be covered up, too. But if people are watching, and paying attention, then we will have info trickle out in the ways of videos, pictures, interviews, etc. 




 LoooooL 




 Not just the skeptics! There are people who are just blindly believing, they have a head nodding disease, they just agree with anything put forth on the subject. You have to approach this subject with a hefty level of skepticism. There are lots of liars out there, people that will say they had an experience just to write a book and make money off a popular topic. (This happens not just with UFO's and paranormal things, but women lie about being raped, but I digress...) If you are going to put forth an argument, have the common sense to be able to back it up, if you put forth information that you don't know is true, say you aren't sure. So many people aren't doing this on here. I find myself shaking my head at a lot of comments. It's really hard to see that. The discussions here could be epic and well thought out, but we are left with fluff and lots of lies and half-truths. :( 




 That water is very very murky. This is one thing that bothers me, if they find it, and it's not natural and either an Oopart -or- is Alien, then the probability of them actually releasing the findings are slim. I doubt it's a meteorite, simply because there would be more pieces of it, there would be evidence of an impact of water/debris on land. I doubt it's a 'lost civilization' because of the track marks, and that there are two of these. Heck, it could be some old Atlantian airship, but we won't know until they find out. 

Godspeed to tomorrow, June 1st, 2012. May they NOT raise Cthulhu. :P  




 Well, I like Toast, so we're in agreement. :) 




 Honestly, I wouldn't have said anything, but the more I am on this subreddit, the more upset I get with the spewing out of info by people who have obviously no idea what they are talking. I've studied the phenomena of UFO's (and other paranormal things), and I really hone in on the facts that can be derived. This case is so chock full of facts that it's hard to see people say "it's been debunked", or some silly uneducated, almost trollish, response. I realize being a jerk won't win friends, but there is a reason lots of people do leave this subreddit. I'd like to see it flourish, the way it truly should. I didn't mean to offend. 




 Wow. The level of ignorance in this thread hurts me. I guess I'll have to actually spell it out. There were 2 objects found at the bottom of The Baltic Sea. The first one, is the one that is usually shown in pictures. There is a second, smaller object, as well. They have long drag marks that are still at the bottom of the sea, b/c the Baltic actually is quite still and there isn't much to change damage done to the bottom, even after long long periods of time. Now, it looks like these two objects may have been together at one point, may have hit something and broke off into two trajectories. (this is conjecture, but there is some evidence to back it up). Now, the first object, while huge, to me isn't as interesting as the less-known second object. This one is interesting. When they  tried to take photographs of it, they had a difficult time due to magnetic disturbances.

Something is down there, I highly doubt it's volcanic due to this info.

For further reading: http://www.earthfiles.com/news.php?ID=1963 

:) *The More You Know!* 




 Explain the drag marks, from BOTH objects. Yes, there are two. Oh you didn't know, then sit the fuck down, child, you got some learning to do. 




 Hey! Where is the guy on Bath Salts! He needs to be represented!! 




 As an atheist, I am all for women standing up for themselves. No matter how trite the situation may be. Honestly, this woman had a right to do what she did. Fuck the religious police. They can choke on a donkey dick. 




 I was going to say the same thing. There are a lot of other benefits in the other chemicals in Marijuana. Not just soley with the THC. Also, the combination of THC with those other compounds actually have been proven to create effects than just those singular compounds isolated out. This study, while interesting, proves nothing. 




 I noticed that too. 




 This is one of those instances where the word "gore" is underrepresented. 




 ditto 




 It's just a really terrible place. 









 Good For Her.
She is a hero for her sisters. 




 I am really glad I'm not the only one that feels this way. I miss Art, but Knapp is the true successor to that seat. It's really unfortunate about Noory, he really almost seems like he dislikes his job. :( 




 not real, move along :) 




 I have enough people watching me, I'd be found out .

Having said that, I would take a piece and run. No doubt. 




 Thanks. I didn't know about the bdsm community. I subscribe to r/bdsm and r/bdsmgonewild already, but I didn't know where else to post this. I didn't know the responses to pain were that different. But then, I never really had a great partner. ^.^ I'm glad I do now tho! 




 It was definitely a new thing for me. I've been paddled before but not like that, and it was just so incredible. Hard to walk, hard to see...but incredible :)
I cannot wait to do it again!! 




 I was being paddled lol 




 This happened to me a few days ago. I'm no slouch when it comes to sex, or so I thought. The guy used a lot of foreplay and in the middle of it I had to walk a bit. I couldn't see straight, I couldn't walk, it was like I was so drunk. It was a bit strange and the guy was great, helping me walk and keeping me from falling.

Has anyone else experienced this? Is that normal?? 




 grats :) 




 Oh man. That was hard to read. . 




 Some countries are actually taking the issue of UFOs and Aliens much more seriously than the USA. Especially South American countries. Check it out 




 time to move. 




 She sounds like a bitch. I dealt with some of those at BYU myself. Stay strong!!  




 " This just seems like her and my dad's passive aggressive way of telling me im wrong."

I'd call it that too. Good luck Salaczar!

I can't believe she sent you to FAIRS... 




 Yes, I've seen the Santorum fanatics, too. 




 You realize 72% of Americans believe in U.F.O.'s right?

And, with all the recent revelations of creatures being found in the depths of the oceans exhibiting behaviors and abilities previously unknown to mankind, the public is becoming more accepting to the notion of U.F.O.'s is much easier to accept. It really seems that the only people who do not believe are either highly religious or people who dismiss the data for whatever reason. :)  




 I'm not going to do it. It's too risky, tempting tho. :) Maybe during the apocalypse, look me up? 




 You are right, you are meat while alive too.
And yeah, I would eat my animals or my family if it was socially acceptable and they were dead :)

It's not being disrespectful, I just really really enjoy meat.  




 Once you are dead, you are meat. Period. 




 My best case against Prions is this: You have to consume the body while it is still living. Want a thigh? You gotta chop it while the person is still alive. This is the best theory I have come up with to prevent the disease. 




 Humans are meat. I see no difference between an animal eating it's young, the cannibalism of one animal to another of the same species. Humans are animals, we have meat, time to eat! Om nom nom 




 People are meat. I'd have no issue with this, however, you should be aware, I don't find it sexual. I just really love meat and would love me some long pork. Mmmm yes ;) 




 more stories like this please. credible witness is credible :) 




 Now I know why she set fire to the rain. 




 Anyone else LOOOL at the pics of the Ancient Aliens guy and WoooT at Goldblum? 

Cool Story Bro! 




 I think some of the "ufo's" are alive...or are so completely advanced they appear to be alive. 




 Well put :) 




 I had this song in my head randomly today...so after reading this I HAD to listen to it :) 




 I questioned my sanity, too. But I don't think your crazy one bit, because I saw one of those blinking red lights. Get this: Some of them change shape. So it's no wonder they were all different shapes :) 




 I only saw one picture online...and I did a gis...maybe you can link where I can see some? (and also find out more info) 
Thanks :) 




 Yes

http://www.earthfiles.com/news.php?ID=1942 category=Environment

It looks like a hoax. 




 I've noticed a bit of the same in Raleigh... 




 I'm glad you shared this story :) 




 I REALLY like this idea. I think there is some tweaking going to be involved but it's actually not a difficult concept to make reality. We just have to get people interested in wanting closer contact. Your idea of hotspots is just the place to start marketing to! 




 I want to send them paint and paintbrushes so they can create positive artwork on the gate. Kind of a "fuck you, stay the fuck out, this is a Happy Environment" to all those assholes who want to machete good people. 




 Hey, it's how my TBM Mom recounted it. She may have sugar-coated thru the years :) 




 They were bringing in a piano into a very small room and told us to push our chairs back. When I did this my chair collapsed in my hands. I was very very little and it's a vague memory.
I do remember there was one other part of the 'miracle'. The dr said b/c  of the way my pinkies tendons were cut and stuff that I would 1. have no use of my pinkies ever in life and 2. They would never grow past a three year old size! Neither of those things happened.

The human body is an amazing vessel :) 




 PLEASE PLEASE RAGE FACE THIS!! I BEG YOU!! 




 I broke my two pinkies in church. This guy who drove me to the hospital also gave me a blessing in the hospital where they kept the prisoners (I have no idea why). As soon as the blessing was over I stopped crying, started to laugh and act like my fingers were fine.

Cue the oohs and aahhhs... 




 I went to BYU-Idaho. I laughed so freaking hard :) 




 Where are you? I'd be happy to help you in this venture :) 




 Actually, the government has done a terrible job of covering up the UFO/Alien matter. If anybody cares to look for it, the Press Club meetings are online for all to see.

I know, you don't want to find it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vyVe-6YdUk

There is a whole lot more than just this. The truth, so to speak, is out there. 




 I was looking at the picture when something was in my eye.
Holy shit, that, that is touching.
Go Reddit. :) 




 15,000 songs myself,... know how ya feel 




 those aren't your friends. fuck em 




 Thanx :) 




 Not sure if your really dumb or if your just trolling, especially when you are using Reddit (which won't exist after SOPA) to put forth your angst at the "circle-jerkers". 




 Do it guys :) 




 You are right, it was jarring. It completely shattered my view of the world and everything in it. I realized I knew absolutely nothing about the world and space in which I lived. I now knew something was out there, but as I have stated before, I would have expected some religious insight along with it, but..nothing. This lack of evidence in one manner and a strong opposition that is right in front of me(I was taught that there is NO thing out there, that this universe is void of all living things, even tho, in my deepest heart I thought it to be full of shit). To me, for some reason, there can't be a God if there is more. There can't be. And, even if there is, it's not for me to worry about. What I saw was much more interesting and definitely has a stronger possibility of reality (ufos/aliens) than an invisible sky daddy. 




 Where can I sign up to be the girl? 




 It was told to me to not do it, that it isn't worth the "five minutes of pleasure"

...about that ;) 




 *nods* we shall see :) 




 While you do have a point, I would prefer to leave that portion out as I have not delved into it at all :)

I would only like to give information that I feel is pertinent. I have never thought of my dreams to be pertinent, so.. I feel it would be in bad taste. 




 I still think it is just me coming to terms with the event, but if you really want to know...pm me? 




 That is very interesting. :)

I did have strange nightmares, really strange and spooky stuff, after the event. I don't know if that means anything, I always thought it was my brains own way of coming to terms with the event. I wouldn't be adverse to learning more. I am curious now. 




 I really didn't think to, other than just me knowing what time it was because I would drive this route a lot :) 




 Nom :) 




 Yes, I am a 'she'. :) 




 I do not know what it was or where it came from. But the event, whatever happened, changed my life. Forever. I don't expect many people would come out the same if face to face with such an unknown.

*(also, ufo does not mean extraterrestrial. Taken as what it is Unidentified Flying Object is just that. Unidentified. Therefore, Unknown. But, maybe, not unknowable?) :) 




 Like I said, I was sober for this. And, truthfully, I'm glad I was. I had my faculties about me and instead of freaking out I just tried really hard to remember exactly what I was witnessing, so I could write it down later. (and I did) 




 I have wondered about that myself. I don't know it it will be of any help, and I would want to go to a reputable hypnotherapist as well. Preferably one who doesn't just shut me out upon hearing I saw something and I don't know what it was. 




 No. More like a red blood cell, however that is a neat pic :) 




 ahh gotcha :)

Thank you for clarifying. And, yes, I realize with no physical proof it would be truly impossible to explain, and, honestly, I can't blame people who wouldn't believe my assertion without it. 




 Interesting theory. I get what you are saying, however, I do not fit this description, as I openly admit I have no idea what it was. (and even that it might all be in my mind, even tho I am of pretty sound mind) 




 It happened so long ago, but it's not impossible as I did write down the date, time and highway (down to the exits) in my journal when I got home that night. 




 I have never heard of this syndrome, and I think many people suffer from this. Have you ever met someone who watches and believes everything Fox News spews?

And, if you had read my previous responses, I do concede that I do not know for certain what it is I saw. I can't. I'd never seen anything like that before. It truly should be called an "unknown" but saying UFO is slightly easier to express to people who do not know what to make of it when you say "I saw an unknown". To say I believe-in what I saw, would be untrue as well. 




 Because it wasn't a space wizard as you put it. I saw an unknown. And, maybe to you there is no connection, but you are not me. To me, as I have stated, this event seemed to me, like what one would say was religious, but what I experienced was not religious in any nature. I just witnessed something I could not explain and it clicked in my mind that events like this do not a god make. 




 Only smoke the ganga. But I was sober that night. 




 I was absolutely sober for this event. I was driving home from Massage Therapy class. I do not believe I was even working on anyone that night, just basic studies.

It looked like a red blood cell, until it shifted it's shape. Like I said, I can call it a UFO but, in reality, what I saw was an "unknown". And it definitely seemed alive in some manner. Of course, I have to concede that even some of our technology to date would seem almost "alive" to someone living in the middle ages. (Especially if that object is remote controlled in some manner) 




 I have considered the possibility that it was all in my head. However I do not believe the event to be as such. The officer almost hitting me definitely alerted me to the strong possibility that s/he was seeing this too. 
























 ^_^ this makes me smile 




 pfft, i work at a pizza place, how on earth could i forget!! 




 There is so much wrong with what happened to you, and all I can do is give you this lousy upvote.

Heal well, emankrogh! 




 Coffee and beer? Sounds like a fantastic night...add in some pool and I'm totally there 




 Upvoted for giving upvotes :)
/hands you a beer 




 I think STEVE was there... 




 There is nothing in that chamber or bowl...I think it'll be ok :) 




 I don't think it's disturbing either. I think it's a really neat picture and honestly, the family is probably not american. Sorry america... 




 i second muscat's question, why would you say that shes is a Scammer? 




 Hey that's a fantastic idea! I wonder if they are already doing that on closed-circuit tv out there? 




 Personally, I wonder what they see in Antarctica, if anything. I am surprised none of the explorers have come back with stories of what they may have seen. The sky is so clear down there because of a lack of any city lights.

...if they are seeing anything, they don't appear to be reporting on it :( 




 The faces can be kinda creepy 




 Yeah, that video you sent me was debunked a long time ago. I'm not saying that it couldn't be real, but it could be something else. However, I am quite wary of a major sighting over a major metropolis and there is no other supporting information for it.  




 mmmm... I dunno... is there any corroborating evidence? Did anyone else see this? Did people call 9-1-1? Did people call the airport? Do we have any supporting film, photography, or radar? I just, I'm not convinced. This could be a really good hoax...  




 It's...a fake...a good one...but the shake is added in ...and just reeks of the jerusalem video...

/fake. 




 He's only saying it for the votes. :) 




 Ahh, he's running for office again I see... 




 Serious moral implications here...I'm not for it.... 




 As an American, I think that Richard O'Dwyer should continue to live his life happy and free in Britain. I think that the majority of Americans would agree. I personally apologize for our asshole government, and the laws that stretch to other countries, making this place seem like a policeman of the world. Oh wait, I think we are. Sorry guys... 




 what is an introspection rundown?? 




 she will be missed .

unless, of course, her new bodyguards are able to protect her 




 this could actually happen to her... =\ 




 I'm kind of a paranormal magnet myself. It sounds like the things that happened to you were by far and large more violent then what has ever happened to me, or anyone around me experiencing it. I would like to hear more of your experiences. However, I have noted this: When I start to discuss these things, they seem to start happening around me with a heightened frequency. If this happens to you, then I will leave it at your discretion to discuss further 




 Yup yup. It's a mystery alright :) 




 I wish we had more control as civilians over our government. I think that the Drug War would be one of the top wars we'd end immediately if we had the actual opportunity to. 




 And thus brings me back around to square one! Wheee! 




 Yeah, I've heard it's really nice. I would have to get a car on a friday night to do that...yah...not happening lol 




 I don't think you are the only person that is a ghost magnet. Good luck, I wish I could give advice on this subject!!  




 you ever seen the fourth kind? that might be something you want to look into... 




 I actually saw this happen the other day. It made me less pissed off at the guy in front of me. I just moved my rage to the guy in front of him... 




 Maybe I'm crazy, but I don't find that there is really that much to do in Raleigh. It's kind of a lame city. Maybe I missed the fun? 




 LoooooL, fair enough :) 




 Always good to know...but what are they all up to?! 




 You new to reddit? 




 Oh, you don't like bdsm or d/s? bye bye 




 Good. I think this occurs more than we humans tend to think. Lots of things defend their territory, Go Chimp Rights!! 




 Well put. =) 




 :) So much better than rushing into things. Go you! 




 It's just a form of control... =\

But it's good to hear that you are waiting, that is much more mature than believing that this guy you just met is your one true love because he's a RM and you've been dating for three weeks. He's not your true love, that's just hormones, bone the guy and move on. 

Or stay with him for years and build a solid foundation and then decide if marriage and children are what you want. :)

And you're right, it is ass-backwards, but it's really a form of control. It's kinda sadistic.  




 Me too. I'm glad I'm not the only girl that ever spoke out about it tho. The YW leaders in my ward always used guilt tripping techniques to get us to yield to their wishes. The kids thing always set me off. I did enjoy baking/cooking tho, it's a good skill to have seeing as how I like food haha.  =) So I guess it's not all bad! I can make a killer pineapple upside-down cake, mwahaha! 




 I didn't like the be a babymaker for all your life and the rest of eternity lessons being pushed so hard.

When I told my YW leaders I didn't want any children (I'm 28, I still do not), they told me that saying that made my spirit children weep. When they said it, I was pretty angry that they'd say that, and it was another nick on the wall of the church for me. 




 Atheism is a lack of belief in gods. In my opinion, ghosts do not a god make, nor are ghosts god(s). I've had some strange experiences that one could classify under "ghostly phenomena" and while I don't know exactly what it was, I don't think that they have to do with each other. 




 I'm very curious what they might find at the second Anomaly, with the "arches". I did make a joke that it's an ancient underwater McDonald's. In all seriousness tho, it is a very neat structure, whatever it is. :) 




 It's called the Meringue, but they don't know what it is, or what is in it (if anything) 




 :) 




 I don't see a single thing wrong with this. There are sites for people who are black, jewish, mormon, christian, some for people with fetishes, some for people with stds...

nothing to see here, move along :) 




 jacque cousteau clouds, very nice :) 




 ....looks more like the FSM... /just sayin' 




 having seen on close up...i'd say yes. :) 




 *thumbs up!* 




 I can't see any one of the pics...can anyone??  




 I disagree with you. These women do this because it makes them feel good. There are plenty of men that want a girl that looks like that. Fuck, I'm a girl and would love to look like that, it's neat! And it's different. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean it doesn't squick all men... 




 I can give directions in relation to the ABC store. It's been my favorite place to patron since I moved in haha 




 All of that is awesome! When I start getting paychecks I may have to hit up some of those places.

I'll definitely hit up the Japanese place, I'm a sucker for bogo sushi. =) 




 ditto
it hurts 




 I want to find this place now!! 




 Hey! They had those in Florida! I used to get strawberries with the cream flavor :) SOOO good on a hot day. ^.^ 




 not really an option. would have done it already if i could have. =\ 




 Yeah, I've been to Lake Benson, too. And Centennial park. I think my issue is really that Garner for a 28yr old, single person that just moved here, is kinda...wtf lonely. haha

I want to get out there and meet people! :) Then I could go to the park and hang out with others, instead of constantly doing it alone. 




 But, you wanna smooooke? 




 I am on r/trees all the time. But having just moved here, it's kinda hard to just walk up to random people: Hi! You toke up? You want to toke with me?

Talk about feeling forever alone :P 




 What?! There is a freaking bus?!?! This is actually interesting.... 




 You know...maybe we should hold a Garner Reddit Meetup. Seems like we should all get together with some beers at the park and just have a good time getting to know people. 




 Yeah, ...I should probably add that going anywhere is not really possible for me. I am kind of stuck here without a vehicle to speak of. :( 




 how old are you? maybe we can hang out sometime? 




 I just moved here, know no one, I did find a job! (woot!)...but now I'd like to find something to do out here. From what I can tell, the White Deer Park is about all that is hopping so, any ideas would be nice. Thanks


edit: Thanks for the great ideas guys!! There actually are people in garner, not just married folk with kids and old people :) 




 Look. I'm not going to sit here and nit pick thru all this. We could eradicate humanity and the fucking world would do much better. We aren't.
So we cut off some unneeded skin off the body of an infant male? Those that have had it done aren't really complaining. Deal. 




 Lol 




 wow if i wasn't all for free speech i'd report you. 




 I'm talking as far as the proven health benefits are concerned. If you don't want to do it to your kid, then don't. But don't be surprised if they might need it done later in life when they are actually old enough to remember it. 

FGM is different. It's an invasive procedure and what we should really be against. I wish we could move this conversation in that direction. It's disgusting what they do to those little girls, and you bet your ass they remember the procedure. 




 That's funny coming from a forever alone.

Darwin is dead. How can he 'take care of' anyone? 




 also i think the mods deleted my initial comment to you. but i want to send you something: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFd4IctqZdw

it's not meant to make you feel better or worse. I just think you should hear it.
 




 I know how I want to do it. I won't be posting about it tho when I do it. I'd much rather have people I know try to help me. I am sorry that you don't have that kind of support system for you. 




 FGM is actually a form of mutilation and the problems that arise from the surgery far outweigh the very very few benefits.

Circumcision for males has the opposite effect. This is something that can and has been proven.

I thought r/atheism was about being intellectual and looking at the evidence presented and making a healthy decision based on that evidence. But, with the responses I am seeing and getting, I feel like unsubscribing from r/atheism. 




 wow, someone didn't drink their coffee this morning. I really think they look better, and i won't fuck a guy with a non-circumcised penis. :) i just think they look nasty. 




 man, look, this is probably the wrong thing to say to someone about to do this, but if you are hurting and you really feel this is the only way to end your pain. then do it.

why do we keep pushing people to live when all life brings them is misery? deep, emotional, painful misery. is it because we feel that it is our duty to keep them alive like we do with vegetables? is it some kind of morality reason? i just don't know why we want to keep something that is in pain alive. if your animal was hurting and you couldn't save it, you put it down. if this person is hurting, with no way of stopping that hurt, then we should let them put themselves down. having said that, how are you planning on doing it? 




 If I lived near you, I'd be your friend. But I'm 28, so I dunno how you'd feel about spending time with younger folks. 




 Your argument is invalid, because none of what you mentioned can be used for health purposes. Not tattoos, not burning your body, or cutting off the tip of your pinky. Cutting of foreskin is a health benefit. 




 Really, we at r/atheism should be championing against FEMALE circumcision. Cuz that...that's real mutilation. 




 I lol'd 




 I think circumcised penises look better and definitely lack in the smegma...ewwwwwwwww

I disagree that this is a 'good' idea. 




 Thank you. I am trying to do what is right in this situation. 




 *nods*

Thank you for your input. I really think that is the point they are at, is his level of comfort. It's really a harsh place to be,as his daughter, I'd rather he live a possibly slightly shorter life, where he can be happy, eat, smile, not have to wear a diaper for the rest of his life, and so on and so forth, than use treatments that could cause just awful complications.

I won't lie, my Mom is the one pushing for this TCM Dr, and his credentials actually don't look bad. 

The person who told my parents about this man, was a woman who has worked for the World Health Organization, and her husband had terminal malignant melanoma. All the top doctors this man went to said they could do nothing for him. Apparently he went to this dr, b/c he thought at this point it was a longshot but why the hell not, and two months later he was cured. That was 16 years ago. His cancer has NOT returned. So, I'm not saying this is going to happen to my father, but if he wants to believe in something, maybe mind over matter will help him to at least 'feel' better. 




 Some of the people that have had his medicine did die. This is in his Testimonials. But, their quality of life before they died, may have been much more liveable. I don't have the ability to sway my folks in how they choose to approach this problem. But my Mom has seen so many people undergo Radiation Hormone Therapy, and seen how it really does change a person, not just physically, but mentally and emotionally, that she does not want that for my Dad.

If you knew you only had five years left, would you spend them fighting and being constantly sick or would you want to try to live out your final years more happily? I don't know if his has spread beyond what the surgery did, it's very scary for me, but I do wish for this time to be easier on him.

I do want him to undergo treatment from a western doctor, I am not really into the energy healing, tea-drinking mumbo-jumbo. I used to think there was something to it all until I went into Massage Therapy. I saw the benefits, but a lot of it really was ... mumbo-jumbo. I just, worry. Thank you for your insight. :) 




 My Dad just had Prostate Cancer surgery and there is a strong possibility it has spread beyond what they were able to get. We are still waiting lab results. The night before he went into surgery he heard about this man: George Y.C. Wong http://www.georgeycwong.com/

Does anyone know anything about him? The man has a long list of credentials, and my Mom is really pushing for this vs Radiation Hormone Therapy. Now, I know that certain herbs have been shown to target cancer cells and kill them, but I am still wary on using them as a sole option.

Any thoughts, advice, or what have you, would be enormously appreciated. It's kind of a scary time for my family.
 




 Thank you. I will ask over there. 

I really wish the choice was up to me, but it isn't. I have only the ability to show my parents the facts and voice my concerns. I am not saying that what this guy has to offer won't work, but I think what they are looking for is a quality of life if it has spread. My Mom said that while she knows Radiation Hormone Therapy can work, what it does to the body is very destructive, can make men grow breasts, have hormonal mood swings, along with the other myriad of issues it can bring. So, in a way, I absolutely understand that she wants him to be as comfortable as possible. 




 damn.. maybe this is the wrong subreddit. I was really hoping someone would have heard of this man... 




 Not me, man. I'm not a Dr either, but I am totally sure they are trying to help me! 




 My Dad just had Prostate Cancer surgery and there is a strong possibility it has spread beyond what they were able to get. We are still waiting lab results. The night before he went into surgery he heard about this man:
George Y.C. Wong
http://www.georgeycwong.com/

Does anyone know anything about him? The man has a long list of credentials, and my Mom is really pushing for this vs Radiation Hormone Therapy. Now, I know that certain herbs have been shown to target cancer cells and kill them, but I am still wary on using them as a sole option.

Any thoughts, advice, or what have you, would be enormously appreciated. It's kind of a scary time for my family, as I am sure it is for yours. 




 sugar sugar candy is fucking boss. no wtf here. just tasty!! 




 [Kinda long, but very relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpOkT5NeDgE feature=related) 




 All they gotta do is be open Sundays...and stop discriminating.  Their sandwiches will still be just as tasty. 




 bump to r/eldertrees 




 Good, can we start working on Chik-Fil-A now??? 




 This is a very special nope. 




 Not really gonna go into why, but I don't think he's faking it. And if he is, he's done a fantastic job. But, I really don't think he is. 




 Something about this seems very legit. I think there should be more independent investigation done. Like someone living with that family for a year or something, and they write down what they see and/or don't see. 




 wow, what a cute guy...
i know i can't be the only one.... 
























 That was really neat to watch, thank you for sharing : ) 




 Mysterious Universe is amazing. Clyde Lewis is like a cross between old C2C and Alex Jones, very fun, worth checking out. The Unexplained with Howard Hughes is pretty good.  




 Definitely! Unfortunately I'm not sure about anything cheap as far as cameras, but I'm sure others can direct you where to look. Have fun watching the skies! 




 I have seen them. Fuck, I'm of the opinion at this point once you've seen them, you see them more often. Or rather, you learn how to look for them. Good luck with your future viewings, oh, and bring a camera. 




 Came here to say just that, thank you for beating me to the punch :) 




 I've never experienced it before or since. Could it just happen once in a lifetime? 




 I have not visited anyone about hypnosis yet, it is something I am seriously considering tho. And I don't recall 'grabbing a knife', I don't. No recollection, none. I only discovered that after the fact. My friend and I were at a Mormon College in Idaho. (byu-i). I did not have any marks, bruises, cuts, contusions, or anything that would suggest I physically fended off anyone with an intent to harm me or my roommate. We did have activity that we heard both in the apt and in our room. I personally saw a thick, white mist in the hallway billowing towards me at one point. As the only door and all the windows were locked and we were absolutely certain we were alone, we believe it was something else.
Whatever it was moved plenty of furniture, opened cabinets, moved silverware, and certainly scared the living shit out of me and my friend. I do think that I may have blocked it b/c of sheer terror and fear, but what could be more scary than what I'd already experienced? Why when we said a prayer did we see a black shadow move across the wall, and the activity stop for about fifteen minutes, enough time so that we started laughing about how weird and creepy that was only to hear grinding/dragging noises in the kitchen as we had originally heard? (that sound, btw, was chairs being dragged thru the kitchen, dining room, and into the living room, so it happened twice.) It was when we said something my Mother had told me to say in the presence of demons (In the name of Jesus Christ I command you to leave!) that is when everything just goes dark. Literally like a curtain being put over my eyes. I remember nothing until the next morning when my roommate woke me up to show me everything was back where it was the night before, like we'd never gone thru the apt and put all the chairs and furniture back. BTW, nothing ever happened in that apt ever again as far as I know. I don't know what it was, and I am pretty skeptical of ghosts, but I cannot discount what happened to me and my friend. I cannot discount what I heard, saw, or the nagging feeling of "i need to know" what happened that night. I am going to really consider what you said about going to psychics. I would prefer having an open minded professional that won't tell me I'm wrong about what I might find in my mind. Like, if they can't handle that I know I saw and heard some things then I wouldn't like to work with them on hypnosis. I need them to be able to listen without me fearing any kind of "you're lying", "you're mistaken", "that couldn't possibly have happened", etc etc. This event really happened, and I am sure it couldn't be just me and my friend that have had something like that happen to them. I just wonder why I blacked out or had missing time. That part bothers me more than any other aspect of that night.   




 This happens to me when I get drunk and am simultaneously stressed. Freaked me out the first few times, but hasn't happened to me in a few years. I don't think it is terminal as I am still alive! Hizzah! 




 Without going into too much detail, I had an experience one night many years ago with a roommate. We were talking in her room when a litany of incredible poltergeist activity began ensuing. Apparently, this went on all night. I can't actually say just what happened after one point since I literally remember everything suddenly going back. Since this night I've heard some snippits of things that happened. For instance, my friend who my roommate and I had called and left a voicemail, we asked her to come right away, something really scary was going on. When she arrived in the morning (she worked nights), she found my roommate and i barricaded into her room, huddled in a corner with a knife. She says that when she was able to get thru the barricade that me and my roommate attacked her. I remember absolutely NONE of this. Is there anyone here that has heard of or experienced any such thing? I have looked for years online and have not found anything that connects ghosts with missing time. Only ufos. I don't think this was a ufo abduction, b/c of my friend seeing me and my roommate in that way. Any ideas or comments would be greatly appreciated, this event has caused me to consider undergoing hypnosis to actually recall the events. 




 yep. i thought so when i saw mine :) 




 . the misuse of this meme hurts my eyes! 




 I am here for knowledge. :) 




 I was mormon. Now I am an atheist and happily so :) 




 Typically UFO sightings are eerily quiet. So, I would question if this was not something that a military on earth created.

Just my 2 cents! 




 o.O 




 so hot 




 They absolutely appear to be intelligent. 




 I lived in Rexburg...really strange point in my life. 




 Oh yeah, she's absolutely IN ON the joke. She was on Chelsea Lately telling about how the college boys'll bring her sausages and ask her to sign em. At first she was embarrassed but now she's says "Bring It On!"
= )

I 3 Giada 









 I decided when I was like 3 that I didn't want to be a babymaker. Nope, not for me. I didn't want to raise children in this life, why the next? 




 No. Just no. 




 You right.  




 Pinworms. They won't kill you and antibiotics can clear em up :) 




 My parents. 




 That sucks you should definitely seek counseling if you haven't gotten it already.

also, you can go to [r/exmormon](http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon) to share  your experience. I'm sure the folks over there would be interested in your story. 




 This is hilarious :) 




 Sure there were Romney trolls asking questions and trying to cause drama. Still tho, there were very good questions that people really wanted answered on that AMA. Things that were deeper than "the white house beer recipe". I understand that certain questions really deserved a more in-depth answer than could be given on an AMA, but to disregard all those important questions is suspect. However, the site crashed, so it's hard to know if he was going to answer. 




 genius 




 Excellent article. I am studying for my Exam stateside and am glad to have these tips right from the get-go. Thanks for sharing! 




 So worth it :) 




 In Your Opinion 




 Part of me thinks the reason for this was because she was there for some of these events, and she outright lied about it. 




 I'm not saying it's a weather balloon, but it might be swamp gas loooool 




 Yep, looks like a weather balloon to me, too. 









 Whoa... 




 Yes...but he spouts the scientific system without knowing what he is 'debunking'. Problem I have with this is people out there are going to just believe him, because he is a magazine writer... 




 YES 




 It really seems like the skeptic has never really looked into the phenomena deeply. I've been studying it for years, and yes, there is physical evidence. It's trace, but damnit it's there. On top of that, he sounds like an idiot. The picture they showed, while old, is famous and very well documented as a real *something*. He didn't even seem to recognize it. How can you have a skeptic that doesn't know the ins and outs of a phenomena he is so sure doesn't exist? I mean, let me give an example: I used to be religious. I know the ins and outs of the religion that I was a part of and when I was coming out of that religion to what I am now, I was able to look at all the facets and realize how every point was untrue. I can point to part of the religion and explain why it's false, I can PROVE it's false. This skeptic, couldn't do that. He couldn't prove his assertion. He just blindly stood by it. Pathetic. And yes, a Naysayer. 




 Nice digging! 




 Stay strong and STAY IN CONTACT. 




 That part confused me as well. What actual NON-humans are deciding elections? Is it my dog? 




 You guys need some reformation out there, stat. 




 it's an unknown!! 




 Let the addicts go into crazy withdrawl. They'll eventually be cut out of existence. Harsh? Yeah. But I never have had a moral problem with people taking care of other people, with or without Police assistance. And I am sure that they are uncontrollable, and no one needs violent addicts in their community, whether it be in the slums or not.

Also, I heard that Brazilian police are corrupt as all hell. They only take care of their own, and the people have learned to fend for themselves. Sadly, it looks like with the police bruatlity in America, it's slowly turning that way here, too. 




 Yeah, when you tell them your neighbor stole your girlfriend, of course they are going to back you! You failed to mention the weight gain, the slothfulness you live in now, the fact that your hoarding caused a large part of the rat infestation, that the HOA had to come in and clean up because You Wouldn't. You have a problem Bob, go get counseling. And, no, that isn't code for "go think while you mine for gold ore in Feralas" and gripe to your guild.  




 Honestly, I'd rather deal with a coke-head than a crack-head. If they don't want to sell a worse drug, even if it's just for monetary purposes, fuck it, I'm for it. Crack is bad, mmmkay? 




 Reports of UFO's have been around since LONG before Chris Carter (creator of X-Files) was even born. And even before we had planes. I don't know why exactly the UFO's are interested in the US, you are right, there are more REPORTED sightings here. There are woodcuts from Nuremberg, Germany depicting battles in the sky between flying things from 1561.  Also, I would say that more people probably believe in ET's and UFO's in this day because of the sheer improvement in knowledge. We know that we're made of stardust, we know that the universe is incredibly old, we know that the building blocks of life are scattered throughout the universe. We know now about Panspermia. The chances of us being alone are nil. It's either us or there is a lot of life universally. So, if you start there, universe being old and filled with building blocks of life. Then you add in that we humans are barely a Type 1 civilization, and if you can imagine there may be Type 2 or even 3 civilizations, then it becomes harder to conceive that they wouldn't have technology to bend/fold/manipulate time and space.

So much to think about. But truthfully, the best thing I can tell you to do is look up. If you have access to GOOD Night Vision Binoculars, that will help too, as many of these crafts are only visible outside of our visual spectrum. Which could mean they are inter-dimensional or from another universe(maybe). It's just, honestly, super unlikely that we are alone. I think, you should start there. Contemplate: Could it just be us? Could this vast universe filled with the building blocks of life only have harbored life on Earth? I think if you consider it in those terms you will find that the odds are quite small we could be alone. Of course, if you are looking for a dead body and DNA, I am unable to produce that. 

Also, I don't know if the government is maliciously hiding information on this subject. I mean, I don't have special insider knowledge. BUT, I will say this: Our government HAS reported UFO's over nuke sites, these craft seemingly disabled (individually and remotely) their equipment. Also, you should look into the Rendlesham Forest Incident. Lots of military personnel reported seeing something strange over a few nights there, too. You can view the documents thru the FOIA. These are well-documented cases, too. The Mexican military also has RELEASED information and video concerning unknown flying objects over their skies as well. You can see this as easily as going to Youtube. 




 Maybe because we don't share their media? And, honestly, MUFON is just one of the many UFO reporting networks. I don't speak Chinese, so I don't know what reporting networks they have out there that I might be missing.

Have you heard about the Hessdalen Lights? Those are in Norway. They have sightings in Australia that are frequently reported. 

Could really be a language barrier and that US media is USA biased in that they report mostly on things happening in the bubble of USA. 

When you see an accident, do you call the UK police? Or do you call the American police? I think if you consider that sort of thinking it might make more sense to what I'm trying to convey. But I'm certain these events happen worldwide...imagine what happens over the oceans that no one ever sees?

OOOH and if you notice, most sightings that are reported happen in first world countries. So, that is another thing. Do they only hapen over FWC's? Probably not, we just have the ability to do so. That guy in the African bush isn't gonna get on his Iphone to take photos and upload em to Facebook and Twitter. India is mostly a 3rd world coutnry, people are too poor to really report, and China? I mean, it's communist, so it's very possible a lot of info doesn't even reach us.

Food for thought. I'm exhausted and going to bed. Take care and good luck with your search!! 




 I'm not going to make any excuses for you anymore, Bob. You have a serious problem, and it needs to be addressed. However,  you cannot have your girlfriend back, she's mine. 




 Addiction comes in all forms. Just because Bob is addicted to WoW, lost his girlfriend, job, dog, truck, gained 145lbs in two years, lives in filth, doesn't mean that Jake, next door, who also plays WoW on occasion, raises his daughter as a single parent and is quite stable, shouldn't be allowed it due to Bob's problem.

Insert a name of a drug for WoW (crack, meth, alcohol...) and you will see that it's all relative.  




 I would be very surprised if this was a terrestrial entity/craft/what-have-you. I didn't get any real direct impression about the intelligence it may or may not have possessed. For all I know it was a ball of energy that is sentient. I just do not know. 




 That is a difficult question to answer. In a way, it seemed biological, so if it was an "intelligence", it's different from humans. Really hard to quantify without more information, tho. 




 That is my point. If you have an inherent problem with drugs than that is your own prerogative, but I don't find drugs a 'bad' thing. meh. i was just stating how i felt.  




 That's right. I mean, I don't do the stuff myself. But I don't think it inherently makes one bad or a druggie if they occasionally enjoy a sniff or two. 




 LoooooooL 




 Honestly, in small amounts, cocaine isn't really that bad. Of course, I know that some people ruin their lives over that white lady, but some people are perfectly functioning members of society who enjoy it on occasion.  




 That's right! 




 It confirmed my belief in that we are not the only intelligent creatures in this universe. I always 'knew' that, but this got me hook, line, and sinker. It was absolute. 




 I'm not even mad, bro  




 THAT is a really interesting point! 




 I'm absolutely not ignoring my life. Not even a little. This post was about my lover. As for me, I am getting my life on track and getting a career, and a lot of it is actually because of this person. They have inspired me to do better in my life and go after things that I strive for. In so many ways, he's been good for me. :)

And it's ok that you made me cry, it's hard to hear the blunt truth about life sometimes. But I am giving it my best, and so is he. If it works out that'll be wonderful, but if not, I'll know why. So it's not so bad. I just got emotional when I found out he was leaving is all. 




 Disclosure won't happen, it's a myth promoted by Greer. They won't even admit it if an Independence Day scenario played out, with giant 'motherships' over cities. They'll just say, "we have a new threat...." 




 http://www.presidentialufo.com/ 




 Thank you! I feel very lucky to have witnessed such a sight! It was truly unbelievable, but yet, there it was...right in front of me. And, had I had better wits about me I would have taken out my camera phone and video'd or at least taken pictures. I don't know who that officer is, but I know s/he saw it, too, and I know it had to be life changing for them, it definitely was for me. I was always a believer but actually seeing it...it's vastly different. 




 I think I have a bit of a crush on the intelligence this woman has. *blush* 




 Good guy drug dealer bans crack b/c he doesn't want to destabilize his community.

Fuck yeah! 




 I have posted it here in r/ufos

I have also reported it to MUFON and was contacted by their lead investigator, Denise (out of Florida)
You can read the report [here](http://ufostalker.com/ufostalker/UFO+Sighting+in+Orlando+Florida+United+States+on+April+2nd+2007/20161)

 




 It is possible they were orbs. They do not look like chinese lanterns as they'd be freaking HUGE compared to the distance.

I'm also not saying this is definitively alien, not at all, I'm just saying that the video in and of itself, is real.

But, I do think it might be orbs. Only because I've seen one, and know others who have seen them. They aren't some new phenomena, either. 




 Yep, their humor and bullshit filters are fantastic! Definitely some of the funnest guys to listen to on the net right now.

hahaha, hipster contactee :P priceless 




 Hey now, this looks pretty legit. O.O 




 You are most welcome, Bangaa! I only share what I love :) 




 looool, you right 




 . fuck im sorry..Mo...many apologies 




 It's been proven time and time again that Marijuana is not addictive. Therefore, this post is not from an 'addict'. If you don't like marijuana, get off our green green lawn! 




 Because they obviously are advanced creatures who aren't afraid of our primitive technology interfering with them.  









 btw, reading that made me cry more...but it's ok. i just want what's best for him, it's important for him to ensure he has a stable future.  




 *sigh* I know it's going to be hard. And I am realistic, I know it may not work. Doesn't mean I won't give it a hearty shot tho.  




 Very awesome story. Have you thought about reporting this to MUFON? If not you should absolutely do so! 




 [UFO Stalker](http://www.ufostalker.com)
check out that site. The map shows reports from all corners of the globe,and NO, visitation does not only occur in the USA.

Also, not all photos or videos are blurry, either.
During my sighting I wish I had taken a photo or video, but I was much much too engrossed in the object merely 25 feet in front of me to really consider doing so. It can be quite the awe-inspiring experience :) 




 Sorry, made this in a bit of haste.

EDIT: Book Writer should read "Author" 




 I laughed way too hard at that! 




 That is sooo cool :) 









 Welcome :) 




 http://www.kfi640am.com is based out of California, they have a live player that you can listen to Noorey live, without interference, and they also have some fun other shows too. Hope this helps! 




 No. I want him to succeed. It's something I have to just deal with. However, I do wish I could go with him, but I can't. :( 




 If you want to give your money to a really great broadcast, you can try getting a Plus+ Club Account for Mysterious Universe.

You can see their extensive archive [here](http://www.http://mysteriousuniverse.org/tag/podcast/)|

These guys are based out of Austrailia, are hilarious, and they have some of the most interesting programming I've encountered in a while. It's like $9/month for the Plus+ Club, but it's worth it.
 




 Hence why I ventured out of C2C...and landed in Ground Zero 




 You should! This week they are not broadcasting live, but they are playing back shows that are fantastic! Next week will resume normal programming and later this month they are going syndicated by Premiere Networks, the same company that syndicates C2C. I really hope you enjoy it as much as I do. I really think this guy could be our next "Art Bell". 




 I used to listen to C2C, but when Noory took over as host he kinda, well, sucked. I continued to listen but I got bored of the content, and missed Art. I've since started listening to Ground Zero Radio with Clyde Lewis. His program and guests are awesome and Clyde is a fantastic host. He brings elements of Art and even Alex Jones (but much less shouting), and has that 'spooky' factor that I'm looking for :) 




 Depending on how things turn out, it may or may not matter. As of right now, it matters a whole helluva lot. 




 My lover is leaving for college for the next 1 1/2 - 2 years. He won't have a car with him and I own no car. I am currently saving up for one, but it's going to still be a bit before I can see him. This is upsetting as I just found out Sunday and he leaves Friday. Words cannot express how much I will miss him and how much I also am proud of him, too. Such a mix of emotions that I am going thru. So much is up in the air. I worry, will he find someone else? Will he forget about me? Will he decide that a long distance relationship does not work for him? I wish I had a crystal ball, but I don't think I could peer into it thru my misty, watery eyes. 




 I, for one, welcome that date being pushed back. I wonder what it'll do to the elections??? 




 If anyone knew his SN we could absolutely ask him to do this, it's amazing. 




 "sparkles and fluffy cheese"

fucking pure gold 
























