




 Wendel once approached me as I was waiting for a friend and gave me a one-on-one tailoring workshop as I helped him re-pin the hem of his dress... I remember him complaining that the fabric he uses is becoming too popular and is selling out.  




 There's also a new place in Gowanus that's similar to 3rd ward, although I forget its name    




 Don't even consider staying in the Sperdorm! Live somewhere where you can live the life, learn Turkish, etc...

If you have a decent budget (maybe up to 700 lira a month) try Cihangir, galata, etc... You can also try living  in Tarlaba for a different experience if you want full immersion  (IE living in a Kurdish\Roma ghetto).It's cheaper there and in a few other places like Kasmpaa than in the trendy neighborhoods but requires some more street smarts and Turkish skills. Student-oriented places can also be found in Bekta or, of course, near Boazii.  




 I've heard that the CIA uses colonial williamsburg as a kind of practical field training ground for agents headed on assignment to foreign countries. Practicing how to follow people, dewdrops, and the like. Did you ever witness this?  




 I went to high school with the creator of this site!  




 This is new york, not Berlin... I don't know if you'll find a squat.  









 quite a common sight in Istanbul too:
 http://mw2.google.com/mw-panoramio/photos/medium/3515933.jpg 




 Where did your family live before the US? 




 As far as I'm concerned the best brunch is at a place called "Home Made" in Red Hook (bklyn). Only open on weekends

http://homemadebklyn.com/home_made_bklyn/home_made_bklyn.html 




 Trke konuan bir Amerikan'm (Trkiye'de okudum). Yani tabii Trkiye hakknda ok eyler biliyorum, arkadalarm diyorlar ki onlardan ben stanbul'un sokaklar daha iyi biliyorum.  Tamam. . . Trkiye'yi dunuurken kafama ilk geldii ey. . . . .  knefe ;-p 




 What about "Cok Duydum" - I'm full! that's the most useful turkish phrase I know, although I'm also partial to "Dil dile deemeden dili renilmez"  




 couchsurfing.org! 




 Key tips from someone who has lived in Turkey...
* Do not stay in Sultanahmet, which is a giant theme park for tourists. Stay in Beyoglu. I've heard good things about the "World House" hostel and also "Neverland," which was the cheapest and attracted the most quirky and interesting guests at the time.
* the couch surfing network in Istanbul is great. Use it. At least goto a meet up  
* Your budget will be greatly reduced if you don't drink. Alcohol is heavily taxed and very expensive. 
* Immediately buy the "Istanbul Eats" book or visit their blog (same information). Use this and you won't have a bad meal. 
*Spend more time in Turkey\Istanbul than you think you'll want to. 
* From the airport you will save a lot of money if you take the "Hava" shuttle instead of a cab. Just make sure it's going to the right place (probably "Taksim")
* Goto the following neighborhoods: Taksim, Galata, Tnel, Cihangir, Balat\Fener, Kadky, Karaky, one of the islands if the weather is nice, perhaps Arnavutky or Rumeli Hsar\Saryer. 
* Save money by taking public transit. The bus system is great as are the trams, metro, ferries. The *Dolmu*es, a kind of shared taxi, will especially save you money and time
* Bargain 
* Try to go elsewhere in Turkey... Kapadokya. The Coast. If you are really intrepid and adventurous perhaps the South East. Skip Ankara.  




 college "circus" scenes are very different from professional circus and especially from studying clown.  




 Why, when you visited my highschool to read from your book several years ago, did you start the talk with degrading comments about the student body and then proceed to cross out lines from your book as you read it to us?  




 Brooklynite #2 here... "The Nelson Mandela" projects are a fictional name given to the Gowanus houses which are hardly "deep" in brooklyn (they are in cobble hill\Carroll gardens). 

There was a raid there though from your friends in the DEA... http://www.brownstoner.com/blog/2010/10/huge-drug-bust/ 




 head to jackson heights. best indian food in the city (--jackson diner) then check out the patel brothers supermarket 




 Twisted Soul? 









 1: Trke biliyor musun? 
2: What city do you teach in? Is it in the US (aka Paterson) or somewhere actually in Turkey? 
 
























 FOOD HERE IS AMAZING! 




 Or Nice Green Bo 




 It's probably Uzbek? 




 these are guidebook "best NYC eats" and not the true hidden gems. . . 




 Def not serbs. He is probably talking about the very very small handful of radicalized muslims in post-conflict former yugoslavia who were in conflict WITH orthodox serbians. 




 that's a greater-than sign. . .  




 Macerate away!  




 If its only changing the color it's probably not real or at least not fresh. To use saffron properly you need to grind down a few threads and then dilute the powder in water, or sometimes rose water or orange blossom water. Then add the liquid to your dish 




 Alice Ct maybe ?  




 The best I've ever gotten was when I was stuck in traffic on the Bklyn bridge. The cabby looked into the mirror towards me and squinted. He said "You are Jewish... yes?" Trapped in the moment, I wasn't sure how to proceed but I decided it was best to be truthful and after a moment I replied, "Yes..." There was a long pause.

Finally, he looks back into the mirror and simply declares. "At home we fight, but here we are friends. We have the same food."  




 I would do this:



These could be in any order:
1 day devoted to the museums others have mentioned and central park.

1 day starting in Union square, walking down through the west village, crossing over to the east village and then perhaps down further through soho for dinner in chinatown. You could also do that all, get a late lunch in chinatown and then continue across the brooklyn bridge and see dumbo, bkyn bridge park, brooklyn heights and get dinner around there. There's great middle eastern food that's cheap on atlantic ave. and many other options on smith st. 

You could easily split the above day into two and make that the third day. Instead of wasting your time in the tourist wasteland that is timesquare, what about finding a theater experience more true to downtown NYC? Check out the Saint Ann's Warehouse in dumbo (you could walk there over the Manhattan bridge from china town after your lunch!) Look in the village voice or timeoutNY for listings. Or sleep no more. Or The Flea Theater. 

  




 Does anyone know if the typical delivery man in NYC actually receives a tip if you list one on seamless? I usually hold off and tip cash because I'm not sure...  




 Brooklyn is a VERY big place. Where in brooklyn are you looking for takeout? Your best bet wherever you are might just be going to seamless.com and choosing from your local options there 




 That's total bull. It's Tahini-based!!!! 




 There isn't really any good food or shopping on SOHO or the Village. . .  




 4 days is NOT ENOUGH AT ALL for istanbul! 




 there are some places on canal in the around broadway\chambers\etc.. that offer gear  that I suspect is on the level you're looking for although if B H doesn't satisfy you, I don't know what will. Some of these places have speaker rooms, but then again so does B H  




 craigslist, trulia
 




 No no no. The best torta is from the folks who sell goat ones from a little cart in Red Hook in the spring\summer!  




 I hate when people pronounce istanbul "eeesshhhtanbul" in an effort to seem worldly when in reality they are just wrong.   




 Listened to it. I don't think it's arabic. The only thing I can say confidently is that it's DEFINITELY not a Turkic language. Some of the sounds seem reminiscent  persian to me but I don't think it's farsi. I wonder if maybe it's Tajik?  





























 Trke nasl biliyorusun? 




  As for spices I think you would be fine if you just goto to the store and buy the following:

* Cumin
* Paprika
* Cayenne
* Cinnamon 
* Nutmeg
* dried mint
* oregano
* Bay Leaves
* thyme \ Rosemary 
* tumeric 

Perhaps also:
* Coriander
* Cardamom
* Saffron
* fennel seeds
* mustard seeds
* Cloves
 
I hate buying spices in America because you can't try them first. As far as I'm concerned they're all terrible so it doesn't make a difference if you get them from one place or another.  




 amazing left hand! The guy is clearly a huge virtuoso but I missed the ornaments that really make Balkan music what it is.  




 My advice (as an accordionist) is wake her up with a home cooked breakfast, not accordion music. . .  




 they're doing a thing over in IAMA - http://redd.it/1nus49 














 He's probably a cop who was on his way to the Tunnel to Towers run. . .  




 Hi!

I'm making a minced mushroom filling for Iranian "sambusas" kinda like baked samosas. I'm wondering if I should sear the mushrooms whole first or if I can mince them first raw and then cook.

What I did this time:
Minced shallots   browned in butter\oliveoil 
Minced 'shrooms and added to the pan and seasoned 
I was also going to add walnuts but forgot! (woops...) 




 Floyd in Bklyn Heights - Bocce! 




 www.tipsyoxcart.com 




 ruhlman's 20 




 Sound designer\accordionist here. Feedback suppressors, if you're *very* lucky address the symptom but not the overall problem. When you get to the venue you need to consider your placement in relation the speakers. Are you playing in front of the speakers? This will create feedback in nearly any system. Perhaps you're mics are gained to high. If you address these two things and it's still a problem, then you can look into some EQ - For this individually raise each band until you find the one that corresponds with the root frequency of the feedback. What band enduces feedback. Once you find it, you can bring it back until the feedback is reduced. It's much better to manually counteract it like this than to use a feedback suppressor in attempt to address it automatically (which probably won't work). I've never met a sound professional  who uses one of these devices.     




 hanon.  




 The other day I saw what looked like an engine but it had writing on it saying it was "Squad Company 5" or something like that. What purpose do these companies serve?  




 Long story short i had a FOs install apt today and mobilyan showed up. After 7 hours of calling customer support I finally reach the executive support line where I'm told that fios isn't available in my building dispite prior notices of availability. 

Later I get a call from the guy in the truck who tells me he actually came but the neighboring landlord refused to give permission to run the line past his building! I went to the restarant downstairs in the building next door where they refused to give me their LLord's contact info and mentioned that I'm not the first person to complain. I did some detective work and found the guy's address and associated phone number. I tried calling but nobody picked up. 

What should I do!?
Isn't he in violation of section 228 of public service law by denying a utility? 









 I've travelled to the furthest reaches of [Svaneti](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svaneti) and yet the biggest culture shock I've ever faced is in LAS VEGAS. It's like Mars. Last time I was there, I witnessed an interaction between a young girl who had just gotten back from a rave at around 9:30 am and and older gentleman in the elevator of the Luxor. The girl said "I too so much E and now I can't remember my room number." Then she asked the older man "are you rolling?!" and he said "Have you every heard of Jesus Christ?"
 




 Tipsy oxcart. Balkan party music 




 Hi all

I'm looking for a place that can add a padded hip strap (camping style) to a heavy-duty cordura instrument case of mine that must support approximate 35 lbs. 

Tips?
 




 maybe ask the folks at the chelsea garden center? 




 Red Hook is a laid back freelancer who makes metal sculptures on the side and  is always 15 minutes late... fuckin' B61  
























 I guess it was an unintentional pun ;-) 




 * Paring knife should def be on the essential list. 
* You don't need a million pans. I'd say one large frying pan, a smaller cast iron skillet, stock pot, medium sauce pan, and an enameled dutch oven will get you VERY FAR. 
* The one thing you're missing is a lot of small assorted containers\bowls\dishes for  mise en place 
* i'd also add a palate knife (like what painters use for spackle) for scraping things around 




 First by watching mom. Then in college I got to practice when the meal plan sucked and I just craved Turkish food! I made friends with the cafeteria workers and they would give me ingredients from the store room :-) I learned to cook non-Turkish food when I then lived in Turkey and craved thai food and more :-p 




 I agree with ostones and would add to always focus on making your left hand more stacatto for clarity. Also try playing repeated notes in the melody with different fingers on each one. It's a good habit to get into now for when you start playing super fast later. A great exercise is playing triplets on one note 321 321 321 321 or 123 451 234 512 345 




 Logic, but i've heard good things about reaper. Maybe it has the best bang for its buck? 




 sorta reminds me of a CZ1000 




 I had a friend when I was living abroad who was female and stood out (she was blond). Whenever guys would stare and drool at her on the bus she'd start picking her nose... and then slowly eat it.  




 Find a place that sells "Hot Bread Kitchen" like RUSS   DAUGHTERS 
179 E. Houston Street, DAG HAMMARSKJOLD PLAZA. It's worth it!  




 In bacon grease!  




 Can I make bon bons without molds by dipping the ganache in chocolate or dripping the chocolate over it? Can someone walk me through any  common mistakes?  




 The Smoke Joint in Ft. Greene or Hometown in Red Hook 




 Brooklyn is big and it will take a long time to get from parkslope to Williamsburg for brooklyn brewery (plus Williamsburg sucks). Instead of brewery take him to krafthaus (or maybe it's with a C) on 5th ave right near superhero. Skip wisk and just goto the Bowery when you're in the city 




 How do (or would) your team-mates  feel about you talking out to the public either in your book or something like this? I've heard that it's pretty much frowned upon in the culture. Is that true? 




 I second Damascus!
 




 I know this guy - his name is Eliano Braz https://twitter.com/Elianobraz 




 looks like someone read Ruhlman's 20 ;-) 




 But once you brown them shallots get nice and mellow! 




 That's funny. I'm actually having the issue with my own accordion now. The reedblock probably isn't properly seated is my guess. Open the bellows up to check it out if you know what you're doing 




 Kebap is the turkish spelling. You misspelled kebab in your language. . .  




 Hotsauce in a glass of dark beer. Try it! 




 Yes - Here is an eclectic concert-party in Williamsburg. Music-wise it pretty much has it all ranging from psychedelic soul to high-octane Balkan party music. 

Muchmores 9pm-1am on Friday 
https://www.facebook.com/events/402089213253765/   




 downvoted - Not in Brooklyn!! 
























 Great! Def. my favorite lokum flavor! 




 I'm guessing this is Rose flavored? 




 Conflict resolution  




 pun intended  




 Yeah, you're thinking of the dream house! 




 Ruhlman's  20 is all you need!   




 lemongrass also has a softer "heart" that you can find if you shed away the stringy bits 




 Ecofriendly heaven excluding the toxic waste site that it's built upon. .  




 I hope you tipped the band! 




 Have you encountered any foreign elements offering to support  your efforts or pay you to deliver specific goods? 




 Everyone can agree that their mother's cuisine is the best! 




 I think Advieh is just persian for "spice mix" and can take many different forms 




 Cardamom is more indian \ subcontinental  




 As others have said it's a mix. What's in it is up to you but I'd say cumin is generally dominant. When I make lamb kfte \ merguez I use:

* 1 1/4 teaspoons ground cumin
* 1 1/4 teaspoons ground coriander (toasted)
* 1/2    teaspoon ground cinnamon
* 1 1/4 teaspoons fennel seeds (toasted)
* 2 tablespoons harissa or ac biber salas
* 3 garlic cloves, minced
 




 I like sorel a lot - http://jackfrombrooklyn.com/  




 myst + simcity 




 agree that it's mastic. Try [making a pudding](http://ozlemsturkishtable.com/2012/09/milk-pudding-with-mastic-gum-and-rhubarb-compote/ ) from it instead of making Turkish Karanmaras dodurmasi as others have suggested which, at least when I've tried it in Turkey, doesn't really have much mastic flavor. oh and also Sahadi's is the best! 




 visa versa = why does a sponge become a brownie?! 




 uh, it would be kaleidoscopic and beautiful!  




 ramen? 




 At least on my instrument, that issue wouldn't make a sound. it would just be leaky and perhaps make the note out of tune. The reeds only sound from one direction and the leather prevents air from going through when the bellows are going the other way 




 Sorry I misspoke, I was referring to a putty knife not an offset spatula. Great for omelets, anything on a skillet, cleaning your cutting  board. I'm not professional but recently I've noticed one in every single professional kitchen I've peeked in. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Putty_knife 
























