 That was awesome! I'm really digging this subreddit!  




 Thanks for the post. I really enjoyed the song. Especially the whole "rain stick" sound in the background. One of those few bands that get to me on the first listen 




 I'm using reddit on my phone, sitting on my rolling chair. I clicked on the link and it was taking a while to load. I moved the phone closer to my face to see it better and it starts screaming at me! All this images start blaring at me! I pushed away from the image but forgot it was on my phone, which was still in my hand; I couldn't get away T_T
I panicked and struggled to press the Home button. 
It's been awhile since I've been scared shitless, I praise you for this terrifying find! 




 Hah hah! That blank stare with that smile gets me everytime!  




 I took a girl to the shooting range for a first date. It was for Valentines and my date really enjoyed doing something she's never done before. We had time to talk on the way to the shooting range but once there talking is minimal. I think the adrenaline from shooting a gun the first time really helps out during dates in general.  




 Very nice! I like the expressions on em! You should make more ^_^ 




 Thank you, thank you. Currently using it as my phone wallpaper. Didju make this by any chance?? 
























 I use to be the same way. I always looked forward to sleeping right after school just so I can escape and enjoy my dreams. That was one of my highlights of my day. 
It's all on the people you meet and befriend, it's crazy how one person can change what you look forward to. 




 I have the same thing happening to me. I try to do what draken273 mention and detach myself but, its a hard thing for me to do when you keep thinking of being able to please this new SO. Foreplay is a must and just try switching up. If you're feeling like you're about to get there, stop and concentrate on other areas of your SO: lick her nipple, grab her breast and kiss the neck. Just think of finding a way to stop and compose yourself without your SO losing her momentum. 

That's what I have to offer as advice but, I also think it's all in your head. With me and my Ex we went at it for I would say average length 20-30min. But know that I'm with this new person I keep thinking about being able to please her and it just affects me negatively. For my situation at least, I think I just need to get that thought out of my head and just be in the moment; not worrying whether or not I'm going to last long. 

Hope you find something that helps, and don't forget to add updates for others 




 That was really awesome and inspiring just seeing a group of people showing up to help.  




 Anyone else wondering if those pens are purchaseable......? 




 thanks for the link, the other songs were badass as well! 
Got a bit saddened when I saw that they're from Italy. Small chance of being able to see them play :( hahaha 




 That was an excellent post! Glad to have found something different that is actually good. Really random but the song was pretty sick!  




 I feel dumb for doubting the initial sound. The song was awesomely chill, going to look up more, thanks for posting this! 
























 Daaaaaaaang!!! With those fangs your sexiness level is over 9000!!!!
The tattoos are awesome as well 




 Yea, Serj's music is hard to classify into a specific genre 




 This was amazing! I recently started enjoying cabaret style music, and this is one of my favorites so far. Any way I can get a hold of their music? I tried torrent but nothing showed up. I wouldn't mind purchasing the album at all from them either. 




 My first thought when I read the title, "what!? No way!? I gotta try that!".
I know what I'm doing today! 
I think it has to do with the being naked and how we're so used to being clothed. No restraints I guess 




 I currently work there and I think out store wins for the most sugar. We use a 4lb bag of sugar and it makes a little under 2gallons. We then add enough ice to make it to the 2gallon mark.
I also had a manager there who would make his special diabetes tea......the secret was an extra 4lb bag for the same 2gallons. Customers never complained some even said it was good. Just a 16oz cup of that would make my stomach hurt all night but give me energy to work 




 I can't sleep until I devour you. 




 I was appalled and disgusted but, I couldn't look away......good post  
























 Yea, my connection seem to just start dieing after I did that update as well. I was trying to connect to the PSN but I kept receiving an error. After a while I was able to and tried to download Outlast and that's not working Either. Lastly I decided to just watch Netflix but that's also not working for me. I know it's not my Wi-Fi because the phone and laptop connect just fine. 
I'm just gonna leave it off for a couple hours and hopefully I'll be able to play a bit of Outlast tonight. 
I'm in California, some people don't seem to have any trouble connecting online though. Not sure if it has to do with location. 




 That looks fucken siiiiiick and detailed as well! I just saw that episode too!! 




 Dios mo! You are gorgeous! 
How do you subscribe to a person's post!? Can't wait to see more of you 




 That's a fuckin beautiful shot. Just became my new wallpaper on my pc!  




 Glad you did, loving that look you're giving. Good angle too ;) 




 Ohh very nice, excellent way to start the weekend. Would only be made better if your face was visible, with your glasses and all 




 Very nice! Thanks for posting this! I'm always looking for new artists to listen to. 
























 Favorite ones to use are Mechanical Animals and Eat Me, Drink Me both by Marilyn Manson.
The guitar solos in Eat Me, Drink Me are just perfect for bringing in your partner close, biting into the neck as you thrust inside. I find the album a bit romantic. 




 From California, US
SOADFreak211
Hopefully we can get some legendary items! 




 I can't be the only one that was looking at her health bar to see if it was going lower.......right? 




 Smart man, no one wants to fight someone who's naked 




 Anyone else notice the guy in the back tapping his foot along with the woman bouncing up and down?? 




 Wow, very nice. You have a great body, now I can't sleep either 




 Made me cry too; not available in my country :( 
























