 The Runaways? 









 New X-Men, Astonishing X-Men and Ultimate X-Men are all great, self-contained stories that are easy to jump into. Ultimate X-Men isn't canon though. 




 So, the same thing they did with Cars 2 and Monsters University - didn't want to risk a new property, so they've reskinned it to fit an old one. 




 For example, I think Doctor Strangelove would be very interesting if remade in a post-9/11, Iraq War USA. 




 I hope he is carried over to the 616. 




 Pretentious is the wrong word. It's more like they have a set of prejudices. Proof: in their list of greatest films, number one was Borat and number four was Team America. 




  "Out of the five student movies I watched, four incorporated violent shoot-outs over a soundtrack of iconoclastic 70s pop hits, two climaxed with all the main characters shooting each other at once, and one had two hitmen discussing the idiosyncrasies of The Brady Bunch before offing their victim." 




 JRJR has a style, some people like it, some don't. I personally don't, but because itms so stylised, I don't think it's bad, just not my cup of tea. Like cubism or sculpting. 




 As a comic fan, it upsets me they must fall to the clich of fighting the first time they meet. Batman and Superman have one of the sweetest relationships in comics and I'd hate to see that bastardised so we can see Batman kick ass (again). I don't think I've ever read a fight where Supes wins. 




 Cage to Detroit, uh? Any paticular reason for that? 




 Ellen Page as Kitty Pryde. I think it's just because I had a crush on the character since I was a kid and seeing he in live-action just did it for me. 






















































 Captain Marvel sure kicks ass, huh? 


































 ... But I say it was more of a 50:50 split.

* Stane was great - more-so as Stane than Iron Monger - even if he lacked proper motivation. Bridges makes him. 1/1
* Ross and Abomination weren't great. They both acted incredibly irrationally. 1/2
* Whiplash was underdeveloped, but Hammer was genuinely entertaining. 1.5/3
* Loki was a deep villain and as close to a Shakespearean character you're going to get in the MCU. 2.5/4
* Red Skull was pretty awesome, but I can't think of any defining character traits sans "is Nazi." 3/5
* Loki redux. 4/6
* I love Iron Man Three, but I still don't really understand what Killian wanted or why. 4/7
* Malekith was never expanded upon (which is a shame as I felt there was some good stuff there. 4/8
* Pierce, The Winter Soldier, Crossbones and Batroc were all used brilliantly and kept in line with the tone of the movie. Of course the villain was Hydra, rather than a single character, but that made the move stronger. 5/9
* Ronan was underdeveloped and - like Ecclestone as Malekith or Rourke as Whiplash - was a waste of a fine actor. 5/10

5/10 = 1/2 - I say it is 50:50

So there you have my highly subjective opinions on the villains in the Marvel movies. Of course y'all disagree, but I think this is highly representative of the common opinions this sub. I personally don't think any of these villains reach the level of the Joker or Doc Ock, but half of them have been fairly decent.

One thing I've noticed is, the problem has become so much worse with Phase 2.

So, thoughts? 









 Like when a character is transplanted into another genre - like the Hulk in Planet Hulk (Science-Fantasy/Swords-and-Sandals), Nova in Annihilation (Science-Fiction), Daredevil in The Man Without Fear (Crime). Would Fraction's Hawkeye or Azzarello's Wonder Woman count as examples?

Edit: Please list the character and genre you think it fits in. 



















 Hypothetical: The big publishers have come together to discuss the state of the industry. They've decided they want comics to be more mainstream and more people to read them. They've hired you to do it. How do you? 














 I haven't read X-Factor or New Mutants yet and was planning to read them at another point in time, must I read those tie-ins for the whole story? 



















 No more than ten members for each team. 














 I think it'd be interesting to see what the users of Reddit rate as their favourite films. Everybody could pick ten films and then we poll the results together and put them into an infographic. We could ask people to write a little bit about each film (must be optional) and use quotes from Reddit users to describe the film on the infographic. Would anyone think this is a good idea? 




 I want to read it, but I am unsure. I wasn't really a fan of his Ultimate Fantastic Four stuff. 



















 I've been reading through Modern X-books starting with Grant Morrison's New X-Men and I'm unsure which Decimation tie-ins are worth reading. Anybody know?

[Apparently this is all of them.](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-marvel-reading-order-guide/guide-part-5-decimation/)
 




 I've been reading through Modern X-books starting with Grant Morrison's New X-Men and I'm unsure which Decimation tie-ins are worth reading. Anybody know?

[Apparently this is all of them.](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-marvel-reading-order-guide/guide-part-5-decimation/)
 



















 I've read most of his work, but I'd like something similar to Daredevil and Wolverine written by someone else (ideally with equal art abilities). Something ninja-like. 




 ... Who would you like to be on the team? Who would you cast? Who would you like to write and direct? Which storylines would you want them to draw from?

Personally, I'd love Joss Whedon to write/direct it, but I think I'd think I'd prefer a serious movie written by Aaron Sorkin and directed by David Fincher. Not sure how well Fincher could do action, but he could certainly create a great tone that stays true to the core themes of the X-Men, whilst putting his own dark spin on it. I think that Mark Millar's Ultimate X-Men run would be perfect. Tonally, it could easily mesh with Sorkin's dark and edgy writing style.

Alternatively, a visual director like Sam Mendes could really do spectacular things with the mutant powers and - unlike Fincher - we know he can direct action well.

My team would probably be Angel, Beast, Colossus, Cyclops, Dazzler, Iceman, Marvel Girl, Morph, Nightcrawler, Professor X, Rogue, Shadowcat, Storm, Thunderbird and Wolverine. Morph and Thunderbird only exist to be killed off quickly. No idea who I would cast as them. 




 Thor? Angela? The Winter Soldier? Superior Iron Man? All-New Captian America? Deathlok? Ant-Man? How are these and any others that I missed put on? 




 I'm thinking about rewatching Avatar again, but I've seen it a couple times already and I was wondering if there was another - prefably shorter way to watch it? Does someone either have an alternative watch list or like a list of about 30 episodes I must see trimming out some filler? 









 ... is that we're getting a Jessica Jones series. I'm currently reading Bendis' Daredevil (which everyone should read as it's one of the best things I've ever read) and it's clear the biggest street level heroes at Luke Cage, Iron Fist, Daredevil and Spidey.

www.imgur.com/NQaVCfih.jpg

If Marvel had the rights I'm certain Peter would have taken Jessica's place in the Defenders and she would've just been a side character. Now our beloved Jessica Jones is getting all of the attention she deserves. Moon Knight on the other hand...

www.imgur.com/k5WQDxs.jpg 




 I'm surprised when I hear that a book like The Walking Dead sells 70000 copies, but then the show can get about 17 million viewers. Why don't comics ever reach numbers in the millions? Especially with the success of the films, why are comics still considered a "nerdy" hobby rather than just another medium like a book or a film? Will a comic ever sell as many copies as X-Men #1 again? Why not? Do Warner Brothers and Disney need to make an advertising push for comics or is it not worth them bothering? Why are comics being used to advertise films rather than the other way around? 




 I just had a couple comic book questions that I felt like I needed to be answered. And I wondered if anyone else had any other questions that we could get answers for.

My first question is the title. My second is does anyone still write comics using the "Marvel method"? 




 They don't have to be traditional members of the league.

Mine would be:

* Nightwing
* Shazam
* Martian Manhunter
* Green Lantern
* Green Arrow
* Animal Man
* Swamp Thing 



















 I was watching some of the DC animated movies and I was thinking, lots of people would love to see adaptions of their favourite arcs in the MCU, but it's unlikely. I thought a cool alternative would be to have canon straight-to-DVD or TV animated films that adapt arcs into that continuity.

If this happened, what arcs would people like? 
























 Is he a serious hypocrite or is this just an oversize by the writers. 




 In the past two years Robin died, Nightwing faked his death and went undercover, Batgirl lost faith in Batman and moved away, Catwoman became mobster and Batman Incorporated was dissolved.

I guess this truly is the death if the family. 
























 As she's a mutant does this mean Fox own the rights? Does that mean we'll never have a decent Squirrel Girl movie? Why wouldn't they through her into Infinity War? I'm sure she'd be very helpful up against Thanos. 









 And why? 




 I haven't played Minecraft since early August. The last big thing that happened was TE4 being released. What's new since then? Any notable new mods updates or packs? Any modders "quit"? RedPower 3 released? What has gone on? 









 Maybe it's a tad early to be predicting who's going to star in the Phase 4 movies, but who would you like to see starring in one of those upcoming movies?

I'd really like to see:

* Kamala Khan as Ms Marvel
* The Runaways

Also are there any sequels or spin-offs people are disappointed weren't announced? I know many people were expecting another Hulk movie, but I really would've preferred a Hawkguy movie. Fraction and Aja's run has been so delightful that a film version would just be the icing on the cake.

As for TV series I'd love to see Punisher, Moon Knight and Ghost Rider. 




 Does Marvel Unlimited contain anything from the MAX and Icon imprints? I can't seem to find anything. 




 Now that it seems awfully likely that Sandman is getting a movie, who else from Vertigo would we like to see?

I'm expecting the typical, Hellblazer, Swamp-Thing and Zatanna lot, but who else? How would these movies be connected also? Would their be a shared universe for them or would they stand alone? Would we expect a Justice League Dark movie?

I know he's not a Vertigo character, but Jonah Hex sort-of matches the tone. I also feel he's due a decent movie. 




 L'Etranger, Your Eternal Reward and The Dead Ringer. You're welcome. 









 I've just finished reading it as someone recommended it as an introduction to the franchise, I have to say I really enjoyed it, but I can't imagine how it could fit in with what Stan Lee wrote. Could someone explain it to me?

Also, Uncanny X-Men: First Class - when should I read it? Where does it fit into Claremont's run? 




 I've just finished reading it as someone recommended it as an introduction to the franchise, I have to say I really enjoyed it, but I can't imagine how it could fit in with what Stan Lee wrote. Could someone explain it to me?

Also, Uncanny X-Men: First Class - when should I read it? Where does it fit into Claremont's run? 




 Are there any books that go well with Morrison's run? I was thinking Stephanie Brown's Batgirl series, Batman and Robin (volume 2) and Snyder's Detective Comics would compliment Morrison's run well. Is there anything else that I should read additionally?  




 Obviously the Arkham Franchise isn't canon in the comic continuity (pre/post-Nu52), but the games share a lot of similarities with B:TAS (especially the voice actors). Is there any truth in this? 




 I've never played Project M, but I'm curious, what are the differences that make Project M better than Brawl? I've kind of lived under the assumption that it makes the game more about technical skill making it less accessible for casual players, but much more competitive. Would this be about right? 




 Well, I haven't thought this out to much, but I'd love to hear what people think. Idea contributions are very much welcome.

Here we go:

- Based off either Attack/Defend or Control Points


- The twist is you can only play as a Spy

- The only items you have equipped are the L'Etranger, the Dead Ringer and Your Eternal Reward.

- Madness ensues. 














 Where in volume form is it all collected? The one on Amazon misses out the last four issues in Justice League and I'm not sure where they're printed. Are they in the Justice League volumes or what? 














 What would /r/ERB think of Spartacus vs Kunta Kinta? 




 I've been wanting to get into Marvel Comics for a while now and I hear Marvel has an online subscription service for comics.

I have two questions. Is it worthwhile? And is it available in the UK? 




 We've already had two Spider-Man origin movies. My fear would be that people wouldn't want to sit through another spider bite movie.

My proposal would be to skip a year into Peter's career as Spidey and have him already established as a hero. He could recall what happened to Uncle Ben and the bite briefly and then move staight into the web-slinging action.

Of course this is an idea if Disney had the rights. Thoughts? 









 I just finished reading Batman: Earth One. I thought it was a very enjoyable read, but I'll admit it had one very fatal flaw. It doesn't feel like a stand-alone novel. I feel it would have worked so much better as a long running series. Does anyone else share my views? 




 [Tis good.](/spoiler) 




 Is it plausible that Marvel Studios will make an original movie for a change? They seem to have been following pre-sold franchises (some that honestly don't fit into the rest of the MCU very well). Is there any chance that they could make a new movie about an original character?

Edit: What I'm really asking is, if they made one, could it possible be good? 









 Is anybody here capable of and willing to help me with MineTweaker? I wanted to create my own modpack and I collected permissions for all of the mods, but I realised that there was nothing that set this group of apart from a big, bloated pack like Monster. What I decided to do is use Minetweaker to edit the recipes of certain items to unify them (like Mekanism machines use TE Machine Frames).

Is anybody willing to help me with this? 




 When I load up, Minecraft with MineTweaker none of my additional recipes have changed. Does anyone know why this is?

MineTweaker files:
http://pastebin.com/X62AsmBV
http://pastebin.com/kVLNtBef

Modlist:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QPqtKVHWiQEvW3DJKon2c3kFjybmiRSPZr7EZBXWhQY/edit?usp=sharing 














 I'd like to but a request through to take them to court. They broke the one rule. Drew tricked me into going into Yokay's base and using Yokay's MFFS to take my items. They gave it back afterwards and insisted they were joking, but Drew has a reputation so I find it difficult to accept that. Also they didn't apologize. Then they accused me of not being able to have fun. In what way could that be fun for me? Explain that?

Drew and I have had back and forth bickering for a while and we've both agreed we're feed up of it, so on multiple occasions we've agreed to make peace. Since then, Drew has slayed me with a sword, taunted me with false gifts and done this. I'm fed up with this. I admit I may have kept up the rally before, but never doing anything directly harmful. I have links to the only bad thing I've done to him in the past week.

http://gyazo.com/6915b9540d0ec31e2a27f9b772ecad1b
http://gyazo.com/25b0f5b72a4885887b57a22a442e48c3

As you can see in that last picture Drew said some offensive things that greatly displeased me as a homosexual. It's already difficult being gay without having to put up with bullies like him.

If anybody wants to hear Drew's motives for breaking the one rule here they are: On his first day he came to mine and Syrenn's base. Does he not know not to come into the ginger bread house? We killed him and ate his flesh (Sai only was involved in the eating of flesh part). I personally think it's fair enough for him to get mad, but he repeatedly takes it too far. However after this he comes back at our request, we give him all of his stuff back, but then he stole a sword (a precious iron sword called Jeremy Irons). This angered us so we told him to get out and never come back, calling ourselves even as that blade had sentimental value. Then Drew continues with the teasing and the odd homophobic remark; which he could probably get away with if he was 11.

Please can we ensure neither of us conflict again. I'm fed up of constant conflict.

Edit: Recently Drew said this: http://gyazo.com/9924b77f0f2c02cda8b82a8a849e8ee7

Edit 2: Also take not I deleted some Mystcraft stuff of his.

Edit 3: I'm no longer mad at Drew for his homophobic remarks. Maybe I was being oversensitive and also Drew apologised. He insists he's not actually homophobic and I'm inclined to believe him.

Edit 4: I sarcastically said this, don't let Drew use this against me: http://gyazo.com/e3f450b2ab5708d5250e598b8382eafc

Edit 5: I redact all bad things I said about Yokay, he's cool.

Edit 6: Look at what Drew put at spawn: http://gyazo.com/db97115890e481d4635d75e6033d55d9 




 Is it possible to change this line in the Logistics Pipes configs to true?

 # Enable Support for TE conduits to allow them to connect LP pipes.
 # This feature MODIFIES TE. That means that bugs inside TE could be caused by LP.
 # DON'T REPORT BUGS TO TE WITH THIS FEATURE ENABLED.
 B:TEPipeSupport=false

This will work on servers without having to edit the client side configs. 




 Will the server have to stick to the TPPI pack exactly or is it possible extra mods may be added? 




 Does anybody have a config for RI that is compatible with TPPI? It's become a pain to install because of all the conflicts. Anybody preserve through this task and have a config to share? 




 What does Immibis Microblocks add to the pack that FMP doesn't? I'm not sure what Immibis Microblocks does exactly, I assume it's just like FMP, except worse mod support. 
























 I'm fairly sure Clark was supposed to be Jesus, not God. Neither really made sense to me though - I always saw him as Moses. 




 I want to say Stane, but his relationship with Stark wasn't developed enough and he turns into a Saturday morning cartoon villain at the end.   




 [It's a great one as well](http://imgur.com/a/L7zDu) 




 Neutral. The funny guy is always neutral.  




 I'd argue he's had some of the greatest artists - Miller, Maleev, Queseda, Mack, Lark, Aja, Samnee, Rivera and Romita JR (in his prime) to boot. 




 Stan Lee's was only really mediocre. Not his best work. 




 That 2Pac/James Brown mash-up! I love it. Shame it was misused in the actual film.  




 It was too early for this. The IMDb scores haven't settled yet.  




 From Dusk Till Dawn 




 Watchmen - a panel by panel adaption of the comics with the depth of the characters taken out and replaced with poor acting and an emotionless ending. Anything remotely clever in the movie is pegged from the comics, but there was cleverer stuff in there that they ignored. I dislike Snyder's visual style very much and the movie ended up looking like one of the numerous comic imitators of the 80s. Gilliam was right - it was unfilmable. 




 Nope, just look at the plethora of good Stephen King movies. 




 I think the final battle was flawed, but only because I found it ridiculously boring, not because of excessive property destruction. I would have liked to have seen Supes saving people though. 




 Y: The Last Man - it is my go to comic for proving that comics aren't for children or cape enthusiasts and don't have to be dark and edgy to be great. The characters are great and binge reading it reminds me of binge watching a season of an excellent TV show. The dialogue is smart and quippy and the plot - whilst a riff on a Mary Shelly novel - is quite original in this modern age.

I'd easily recommend it other one of Bryan K Vaughan's other works like Saga - which continuously falls into the trap of "we're allowed to do anything, so we shall." 




 It doesn't really get great until the Omniman twist, so I'd say read a bit beyond that.  




 Daniel Craig working with Chad Stahelski and David Leitch of John Wick 




 The dialogue is probably the only thing bringing it down or me (although I'd rather there were more Fantasy element). 




 His review of the Raid disappointed me as well. 




 First Class... 




 Iron Man 3 - I already enjoyed it the first viewing, but I didn't realise how great the character work in that movie was until it was pointed out to me. 




 I loved him in the Walking Dead.  




 Animal Farm (1954) holds up really well. It's not as good as the book, but is very faithful and as a result retains the intellegence of Orwell's writings. 




 After watching it, I get so many more references. 




 Toy Story 3 - not sure which is more emotional, the toys all accepting death as they enter the incinerator or when Andy realised he's too old for his toys and gives them away.  




 The dogfights in Serenity are absolutely beautiful, but his dialogue - whilst I am a fan of it - won't match SW's tone at all. 




 3.8 




 Ferris Bueller's Day Off 




 Another fun fact: Mysterio tricked Daredevil into thinking a newborn was the devil and it drove him nuts.  




 I'm quite find of a run from about a decade ago where he became a teacher. 




 The open ending gabe me an Empire Strikes Back vibe.  




 Emily Blunt 




 Unfortunately. Jeph Leob at his worst. 




 It's a toss up between Moon and Dredd. Both are underrated gems. 




  Physical. 




 Have you grown sick of it?

I love it, but I'm a but of a Matthew Vaughn fanboy so... 




 Oh.  I thought /u/JosephFurguson meant a comic. I love his comic work. 




 What work of his was rejected by Marvel/DC? 




 I'm not sure. For me, it's a toss-up between Fargo, True Detective and Hannibal. I wasn't a big fan of Fargo's convient ending TBH. 




 In related news: I hear Kelly Sue DeCormick is getting a TV show.  




 I don't get the "style over substance" argument. Film is a visual medium - style is substance. 




 To everyone who complained about her lack of action in the last act I say: she was pregnant. It would have been so difficult to make her do anything substantial. 




 It was probably a reference to whatever movie Star Wars nabbed it from. 




 Lord of the Rings - hear me out. I wasn't really enjoying it from the get-go, but I was watching it with a group of friends who kept insisting the next part of the trilogy was better. The films did get progressively better, but they still weren't *that* good. I was largely bored and uninterested in the characters, the only thing that really interested me was the lore. As a result, I felt like I wasted 9 hours on mediocre movies (and I know I could have skipped the last half-hour of Return of the King). I appreciate the love and hard-work that went into making them, it just didn't click with me.  




 It's cool. I was just saying I'd find one of those series getting a movie more interesting, the same way I'd find a Good Omens movie more appealing than a random YA novel that was enjoyable, but not that great. 









 I never thought Marvel had anything to do with the comics I mentioned - I was making a point about CBMs in general. 




 I agree with you on everything, but generalising CBMs. I agree that some people are getting tired of Superhero movies, but I bet those people would kill to see more movies like Sin City, The History of Violence and V for Vendetta (even the Zack Snyder movies I'm not a fan of).

There are so many great comics I'd rather see get an adaption than a C-list Marvel hero - I say this a massive Marvel Comics fan. I'd like to see Maus, East of West, Saga or Y: The Last Man come to the big screen before Ant-Man.  









 Prometheus doesn't even have a bad score. It's not as bad a movie as people make out. Still not great though.

Edit: I'm not too found of The Good Wife. Can I blame Ridley for that as well? 




 I actually think his writing is better when he has another creative (not writer) who can match him. I think Brad Bird is just the guy who can give us that. Though the trailer for Tomorrowland did nothing for me, Bird has made it my most anticipated film for the rest of the year (more so than Star Wars or Ant-Man). 




 I prefered the Goldeneye N64 game, but Sean Bean was great in that movie.  




 That movie looks kinda cool. 




 I agree that they had some great films, but the Craig films are so much more accessible for a modern audience. I love those movies, but most of them are quite dated and may seem kind of silly. I think that might off-put people. If they really enjoyed Casino Royale and Skyfall, they should backtrack to the Connery and Moore films (I don't like the Brosnan ones - the dialogue in them is pretty poor). 




 If you must watch any two, watch Casino Royale and Skyfall. Casino Royale is a well-crafted thriller set to a backdrop of an extremely high-stakes poker game and Skyfall is a beautifullly shot thriller  about a man rebuilding himself after a great loss. Both have great action setpieces and surprisingly decent character work, but what makes them really great is watching the world around Bond change and grow. 









 That's not remotely true. The anti-Marvel circlejerk is just as bad - maybe worse - than the pro-Marvel circlejerk. I don't even like those movies, but it annoys me to see them hated on it that way. 




 Do you have a photo of your Justice League? 




 Demon in a Bottle, Extremis, Armour Wars, Doom Quest and The Invincible Iron Man by Matt Fraction. 




 IMO, Glover is completely wrong for Miles. Not only is he far too old, but personality-wise, he's much more in line with Peter. I get that he's an actor, but I think Peter would be a much more natural fit. 




 It's been pretty unpopular the last few years. I can only think of two points in this century people cared about them and that's when Mark Waid and Jonathan Hickman wrote them (I wish more people read the Dwayne McDuffie run) 




 Every cameo could be our last. We just have to make the most of them. 




 Thor: The Dark World. That was a fucking pretty movie.  




 Try following [this](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-x-men-reading-order-guide-modern-marvel-comics-era/) on Marvel Unlimited (only reasonable way to do this). It's missing several notable series though. NYX, New Mutants (volume 2), New X-Men (volume 2) and Mike Carey's run on X-Men and X-Men Legacy come to mind. Other than that, it's pretty comprehensive. 




 Nope 




 Agreed. 




 Yep! 




 Nope.  




 * Neo-noir flavour
* Borderline heroes/antiheroes
* Subtle, but meaningful political messages 




 I watched John Wick with my Mum and she was in tears when the beagle died. 




 The Birds 




 Or Matt Fraction's. 




 All the Iron Man films are great at this. 




 Well it's not looking good for either of those two in the New 52 either. Superman is a Superdick and Batman is... Well...  




 A more personal event. Now that these movies are so successful, they can experiment more with different genres. If the Avengers were tasked with saving people from a giant wave, how would that affect them. Would they experience survivors guilt or would they keep moving onwards? 




 Good idea.

RemindMe! 1,100 days 




 Nope, but that was a very fun movie. 




 Jason, Heracules, Argus, Asclepius, Iolaus, Medea and Orpheus are just a few members of the forever rotating line-up. 




 Yes for the Incredibles, and no on Kick-Ass. I actually think it's his worst movie, but I still really enjoyed it though. 




 I don't think I can give an explanation that can rival some of the other users on this thread, but can I recommend John Ostrander's Suicide Squad run? It has a different team to the movie, but I think that's the vibe they're going for. It's surprisingly good and worth a read. 




 That'd be pulp fiction at its finest. 




 16 and it is a toss up between Matthew Vaughn and Brad Bird, but I have favourites for both. 




 Saving Private Ryan. 




 Not a movie, but the play Journey's End is a brilliant depiction of it. Read the script if it's not showing as it's fantastic. 




 You saw him get tired after doing a lot of running. I liked that. 




 It is Phase 2. Some officials have said so. 




 Why wouldn't you include Ant-Man? 




 I think Quicksilver died because of licensing issues, not becauee he'd be too OP for Civil War. 




 Probably because they're poor ensemble movies. Even First Class, only really gave decent focus to three characters. 




 I'm confused as to why people think he's confusingly redundant. It probably has something to do with the fact he has no powers, which is to ignore the fact he's the team's tactician and has fought (and defeated) gods by himself. 




 [Unless it's the one where he releases a miniature version of himself from his palm. That one's awesome.](http://goodcomics.comicbookresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/newpower3.jpg) 




 Yeah, Supes is Invincible, but that doesn't make him boring - bad writing makes him boring. The best Superman stories involve moral conflict over his actions or the impact his presence has on other people. The bad ones just have him punch stuff for 22 pages.  




 That's disappointing. This is probably my favourite bit of the movie, yet they've revealed it before the majority of their audience has watched it. 




 The Winter Soldier has more relavance to the plot of Age of Ultron if that influences your decision. 




 Plotwise, The Winter Soldier is miles away from the comic arc, but it perfectly nailed the comic's tone. 




 If the same script for Inglourious Basterds was interpreted by the actors slightly differently, that movie would be terrifying. 




 Goodfellas, Casino and The Wolf of Wall Street 




 Interstellar and WALL*E 




 I read it this weekend and loved every page, except the ones with Tom Foster. 




 It was kind of forgettable. It was just a really heavy-handed excuse to get people to side with the Hulk. World War Hulk is a great story and worth a read (along with Pak's other Hulkcules works). 




 World War Hulk 




 So we'll find out who Danvers is played by this tike next year, probably. I'm excited to see more Josh Brolin. He's a fantastic actor with a great screen presence. Even in his more minor roles, he's almost always the most memorable character. 




 I hope they do more Marvel Colours books. They were the best retellings Marvel has done. I hope they do an Iron Man: Silver or a Fantastic Four: Purple.  




 Is it me or are Iceman, Spider-Man and The Human Torch all the same person? 




 In the comics, weren't the Chitari just a Skrull crime family? 




 Yes and I'm saying Marvel Studios, Warner Brothers, Fox and Sony need to mix it up much more.

You can either make Wonder Woman a boring, female Superman or you could create a Game of Thrones-style fantasy world for her to inhabit and have her face a more personal threat.  




 I think the big problem here is that there isn't much on screen variation between movies. They're mostly pretty similar. If you read the comics, you'll know there's so much more that can be done in the genre than is being done in the films. 




 This has happened in TV. Before The Office, having a laugh track was the norm and now shows with laugh tracks - typically - aren't considered as great. 




 I think it's crucial to show superheroes actually saving people. I think it's kind of a "save the cat" moment. Age of Ultron does it surprisingly well. 




 The few friends of mine who read comics IRL thibk it's great. I think it completely slowed down the Bendis era (my favourite Avengers run), but set the Avengers in a interesting direction afterwards. 




 The whole DnA saga deserves a read. I'd say he should Definately read Thanos (2003-2004) and Annihilation a read first. 

[Here's a pretty decent reading order](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg) 




 Astonishing X-Men. It's written by Joss Whedon (writer-director of Age of Ultron) and drawn by John Cassaday (who Disney had enough faith in to allow him to draw Star Wars). It features lots of quirky one-liners, great characters and a very similar team dynamic. It's 24 issues, then a Giant-Sized special.


If you have Netflix, I recommended giving Firefly a watch. It has far more in common with Age of Ultron than you'd think (beyond Joss Whedon). It's 14 episodes, then a two-hour movie. 

Edit: I feel the need to explain myself - despite, the fact no-one has explained why they disagree with me. Astonishing X-Men is the comic equivalent to Age of Ultron (which I've seen). It includes heavy themes, but handles them with genuinely funny humour and has a well-balanced cast of characters that is so perfectly Joss Whedon. There is no comic that comes closer to replicating the feeling of Age of Ultron in my opinion and frankly, it's better than a lot of other comics recommend here. Yes, it does star the X-Men, but it should still excite you so much more for the film than reading the (equally great) Hickman run as it's closer to what you should expect from the film.  The same goes for Firefly.  




 Or the first to show what a bad mother fucker Thanos is. 




 Sorry, but I think Fox own the Phalanx. 




 It's an Archie Comics reference, yes. 




 Shaft, starring Michael Cera. 




 Throw in Spider-Woman and you've got a badass team. 




 I thought she was 19 in the Ultimate Universe. 
























 Nope. It's not an action movie. 




 1. -
2. True Romance
3. The Raid 2 




 V for Vendetta and The Dark Knight Returns. I'd just love to see a really liberal Alan Moore character clash with Frank Miller's fascist Batman. 




 You're a mutie, Harry. 




 I felt just a lovely Spielbergian vibe that I dug so much. I really think it's one of the stronger movies. 




 And its sequel. 




 What's that in? 




 Firstly, Age of Ultron had nothing to do with the comic and the other three aren't even out yet. Secondly, I said credited, not named after. As in the actual credits say "Based on Iron Man: Extremis" or something. 




 No, in the credits for both Days of Future Past and The Wolverine, they say "Based on Days of Future Past by Chris Claremont and John Byrne" and "Based on Wolverine by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller". They'll likely do this again for Apocalypse and Fantastic Four. 




 I hope most sequels are team up movies. Wouldn't it be great to see Doctor Strange have a small role in Spider-Man 2? 




 I dislike most of the final battles in the movies. I feel **most** of them don't hold much emotional weight.

Exceptions are probably Age of Ultron, The Winter Soldier and (maybe) Guardians of the Galaxy. Iron Man is the worst, Stane turns from someone truly menacing to a cartoon villain. 




 I know the franchise is predominantly for children, but the current IDW Transformers comics are the shit. 




 Nah. He likes Luke Cage, Spider-Woman and Daredevil. Probably because they overlap with other genres better.  




 Tim Sale and Alex Maleev both have drawb a great Daredevil 




 Didn't she fail to keep that up? 




 The Fast and the Fury Road would be pretty badass.  




 I said I didn't like one aspect of Guardians of the Galaxy, a day later I was on -30 and got alerts asking whether or not I had a healthy relationship with my mother. I don't think that's acceptable. 




 I don't know how common this is, but I used to think Carlito's Way was directed by Scorsese.  




 I would like to see you the proposed book club idea come to fruition. 




 Not dark, but Interstellar involves time warping and is quite serious.  




 Not the best writing, but Natalie Portman in the Thor films. She just looks like she doesn't care. 




 At least TV is getting some variety. This Autumn we'll have Preacher, two Walking Dead shows, iZombie, Constaintine, Sex Criminals and a few more shows are coming down the line by Matt Fraction and Kelly Sue DeComick. This is probably a better place for comic adaptations due to their serialised nature.

Films for We3, Y: The Last Man and Wytches have been announced, but I doubt much will happen with them. :( 




 Beyond what? 




 I think you mean Superhero fatigue. People don't get "book fatigued". Would you really object if every comic book movie is A History of Violence or V For Vendetta tier and came out every three-four months? 




 This becomes so clear on the rewatch of Season 4 in particular.  




 I've got to remember that one. 




 The many studied at the school of Grant Morrison and came out with all the wrong lessons. It's like he heard what Morrison had to say and ventured in the opposite direction. M 




 Bendis is at his best when he's given complete freedom. No consequences and very little continuity let his dialogue and plotting shine. When he's leading events or restricted by what has been happening in other books over the years, his writing is less interesting.

Millar on the other hand needs restrictions. Give him structure and focus and he can come up with a masterpiece such as Superman: Red Son, but sometimes he gets wrapped up in ultraviolence and rape when it feels like toning it down would really help the story. I feel that's what they're doing with his film adaptations - they filter out a lot of his crap, but that's really what his editors should be doing. 




 Lots of Mark Millar and Bendis there I must note. TBH, those big battles tend to take away from the personality and meaning from the comic. Look at House of M, which is a surprisingly poignant and touching event, but it just descends into a series of splash pages towards the end. 




 Thrills. 




 Mind if I use this? 




 Starlin bringing his grandiose style to the big screen would be great. IMO he also writes the definitive Batman. 




 No-one better than Vaughan' for a Runaways movie. He created and perfected the characters.

Which other comic writers are experienced with TV and Film? i can think of Bendis, JMS and (maybe) Gaiman. 




 How is Fight Club 2? I was gonna pick it up in trade.  




 For me, it'd be Jason Aaron on Black Panther or Bendis on Spider-Man.

Aaron is used to writing tough badasses and his brief run on the Black Panther comics proved that. In three issues, he gave an in-depth understanding of both Wakandan and Skrull cultures and some truly epic battles. I'm sure he'd be able to replicate that for the big screen.

As for Bendis on Spider-Man, has any writer had such a definitive run on a character that they didn't create? (Maybe Frank Miller) He added so much to the mythos in his retelling and his stylised dialogue is perfect for film. With his inclusion in the film, he could bring along his cast of characters from Ultimate Spider-Man - who doesn't want to see a live-action Kong or Ganke (can you do Ganke without Miles?). 









 I love Truth: Red, White and Black. A really great read. If were introducing Bradley, it means that we're not too far away from Patriot and the Young Avengers.  




 You seem to be misunderstanding Rotten Tomatoes - it is only a gage of what percentage of critics liked it, not how good it is. That would be for a site like Metacritic (where it sits at a very healthy 66%). Most critics who liked it gave it a very positive review, but some struggled to overlook the flaws. Take a movie like Star Trek (2009) - it's a very enjoyable movie that most people liked (hence the 92%), but nobody who liked both it and The Wolf of Wall Street (77%) would argue it's a better movie. It's really just a way of figuring out the odds of you liking a movie and collecting the scores in one place and don't forget that 74% is still a very good score. I think, if you're looking for a place to gage how good a movie is, look towards IMDb. Although it is skewed towards films enjoyed by a teenaged and early twenties demographic, it is a better measure of how good a movie is overall as that's what it is trying to achieve, unlike Rotten Tomatoes. On IMDb, Age of Ultron has an 8.1, putting it in the top 400 movies.

**TL;DR** RT isn't for measuring how good a movie is and most critics liked it - a lot.  




 Is Groot still an alien monarch in the films? 




 This just doesn't make sense to me. I've been wanting to read Punisher MAX for ages, but the TPBs are so expensive.  




 This just doesn't make sense to me. I've been wanting to read Punisher MAX for ages, but the TPBs are so expensive.  




 What about his Ultimates? 




 Is any of the stuff before worth reading at all? 




 Sometimes, I just can't believe Reddit. 

Do you want to know why i don't like LotR?

* The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir).
* There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to.
* (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie.
* The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came.
* It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag.
* The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times.
* The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?).
* Too much exposition. 
* Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon.
* There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.

Things I did like:

* I respect how well made it is. 
* Good acting. 
* The landscape and environment is just beautiful. 
* Middle-Earth was a pretty rich world by the end of it. 




 Is it reading all of the stuff that came before? i'm very interested in delving into this universe and I don't know whether it'd be worth reading all of it, or just a few. 




 Disappointed to see LotR scoring so I highly. I know it's a controversial opinion on /r/Movies but I really don't LotR. 




 Adam Warlock. I can see him as a wise and powerful guy. 




 Saga, Sex Criminals, Sandman, Wytches, Southern Bastards, Y: The Last Man, Afterlife with Archie and We3 quickly come to mind. 




 So like Vertigo or Image or what-have-you.  




 Or eat. 




 Tony was an interesting new status quo, shame it didn't last long. 




 Excellent, isn't it? IMO, E for Extinction stands as both a great X-Men story and a great Grant Morrison story. 




 Do Tarantino movies count? If so, the Candyland sequence in Django Unchained is jaw dropping. 




 So, the majority of my problems with Nolan movies are Jonathan's fault? 




 I love how this is one of the most iconic pages from the event, yet it wasn't even in the main series. 




 My bad. I actually noticed that on my shelf after writing it. I guess his art isn't great (unless he did the Thanos Quest?). 




 Not really a fan of Theron, but I love the idea of an older woman in the role. There aren't very many good action roles for women over 40 (which Chalize will be when Captain Marvel comes put), so I think it would be great if Marvel decided to help diversify on another level. Fighting sexism and ageism in the industry is a commendable cause, why not got for the trifecta and hire Pam Grier?

Damn, I'd love to see Pam Grier in a Marvel movie.  




 Ultimate Ben is in love with her. 




 His brief run on Thanos (2003) was also excellent, shame it's kind of gone downhill since then. His art can be great though, look at his work on Batman: The Cult. 




 Thanos (2003). It leads into Annihilation if you like it.  




 Are you sure it's not Laurence Fishburne? 




 Shall we expect news on that soon? 




 What's happened to the Titans show? 




 It's not even accurate. This is the second sequel. 




 Also: where's Pepper? Is she completely gone from this franchise now? 




 I'm loving the cynical choice of giving RDJ the first credit. 




 True Detective style time jumps would be awesome.  




 I hope we see more of the 2003 New Mutants than the 80s team. I want to see Prodigy on the big screen.  




 Gotta read his Batman or Marvel Colours work. All of that is absolutely beautiful and can easily reduce one to tears. 




 Hundreds of variants, millions of copies sold, antihero leads and constant rereleases. Anyone else getting dj vu? 




 Don't be a hero? Don't be a fool with your life? 




 Replace Mr Fantastic with the Maker. 




 Beak is my favourite - you just can't help but feel sorry for him.  




 If they do Iron Lad, it better be a time-travelling Kang the Conqueror like in the comics. 




 Bodes well for Civil War and Infinity War. 




 I always sa that as the characters not the movie. I'd struggle to believe that the man who made Jackie Brown could make a racist movie. 




 She was a villain though, then Charlie Day proceeds to try and kill her.  




 That would be a plus of a hard reboot (which I am totally in favour of). 




 Yes. Why? 




 I know, but it is hard to accept any point about racism made by John Wayne and no one in that movie makes a point disagreeing with him. 




 Sexist is the wrong word, but woman are almost always put in the background in action movies. They're typically motivation for men, love interests or there is one woman who kicks ass and no others. They typically are never afforded complex characters as men are.  




 I read that in Luke Cage's voice. 




 I have a similar feeling about racism in The Searchers. Knowing that the Duke was actually a racist, makes it hard to believe that it was just his character talking in that movie. 




 Most modern action movies are inherently sexist. The only ones that I can think of that aren't are the Fast   Furious films. 




 I wish I had a daughter to share Korra and Leslie Knope with. Such great characters. 




 * Seven Samurai
* The Magnificent Seven
* A Bug's Life
* 13 Assassins 




 Stop downvoting this guy. I think he's refer to the 1940s serial. 




 I forgot about Wolverine. It is actually really good. The art - whilst kind of cartoonish - is pretty awesome. Logan looks how I imagine he normally should - rough and tough, rather than the short Superman-esque build I found him looking like in the Avengers books of that era. 









 Front Line, New Avengers, The Confession, Young Avengers/Runaways, The Amazing Spider-Man, Captian America, Winter Soldier - Winter Kills and maybe Iron Man. 

Frankly, apart from Front Line and New Avengers, the others only really are good if you've been reading the character's own series. 









 I must ask if they're doing a hard reboot or a soft reboot. 




 Toy Story 3 




 I can't wait. Any series leading into the new ones or is it a complete reboot? 




 Dick was a better father. 




 I really can't recommend this. Setting aside my feelings for the event - I abhor the main series, but there are some great tie-ins - it's far too expensive to consider getting anything beyond the main series. It'll cost $7 to just get the main series and $112 for the whole event, whereas a Marvel Unlimited subscription is $10/month for all the comics in the event and 13K more.  It just makes more sense, despite the few bonuses that come with Comixology (better smart panels for example). 




 Marvel and DCs current offerings are much more readable, so I'm more lax about that.  




 For me it was Andy giving away his toys and moving on. It was like saying goodbye. 




 Goodfellas, Casino, The Wolf of Wall Street and either The Departed or Taxi Driver. 




 Better than She's the Man. 




 I really like this order, but it's missing a lot of key series. NYX, New X-Men/Mutants, Mike Carey's X-Men, the Vulcan Saga, Origin II, Logan and chunks of Aaron's Wolverine and it is filled with a lot of mediocre books. 




 No pictures of Tatum? I can't wait to see what he looks like playing a character that's quite unconventional for him. 




 No one has mentioned Scarface? 




 I know that movie sucked and he's more of a DC guy, but I'm certainly not adverse to Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.  




 I love the new team, as a black guy, I love seeing the Falcon and War Machine on the team (even better given the fact they're played by Anthony Mackie and Don Cheadle). That, along with the fact there are twice the number of female team members, really means they've created a much more diverse team so I instantly approve.

Here's hoping Falcon takes other Hawkguy's role as the clown. I think Mackie is perfect for it. 




 I hope it's Doc Strange. I love their relationship, especially when Bendis writes them.  




 3.8... 




 An Incredible Heracles TV series would be awesome. Heracules the Mighty accompanied by Amadeus Cho (with Pup in tow). The theme song writes itself. 




 The main series and Silver Surfer mini were pretty pretty. 




 What do you mean? Immensely popular, but have strong critics? 




 I agree with you. I was actually expanding on your point. Lol

Digge's is so disappoining, starting with the famous death is Guardian Devil, DD was having a massive breakdown that Bendis, Mack and Brubaker handled fantastically handled and Digge just ruined. 




 Worse than everyone who came before Miller? Worse than everyone who came between Nocenti and Smith? 




 I felt it was just randomly thrown into an action sequence. I feel it would have been better in the montage after he escapes the miners or just a sequence of him riding. 




 The dialogue. There's no subtext whatsoever and the characters often just state their emotions. Also, it's a Sci-Fi movie with no David Bowie and that's a sin. L 




 I love this movie so much, so it pains me to say it's too long. 




 Whiplash 
























 Personally, I'd much prefer an older Captain Marvel. It gives the appearance she's more experienced, also there are almost no decent action roles for women over 40. 




 Fant4stic 




 You're in luck, the third one is the best. 




 RemindMe! 50 years 




 The Ultimates and Bendis' New Avengers. 




 The Oath 




 Pulp Fiction - that way you have seen a bit of every movie released before 1994 




 Fuck Dexter's last 4 seasons! 




 I don't really understand calling his music dumb. Like I easily get finding it bad or being greatly annoyed by it, but it is inherently clever. 




 bingo 




 I prefer to call it the Dollars Trilogy. The Man With No Name has appeared in so many movies beyond those three. Pale Rider, Rango, The Outlaw Josey Wales are all just subtle variations on him. 




 I have a few reasons why, but I don't like sharing them because I always get viciously downvoted. If you'd like I'd PM them to you. 




 Transformers - I've been reading the current comic series and it's actually quite thought-provoking and very interesting. The films are anything but.

Also, not a big fan of Looper, I found it a bit slow and the mechanics of time-travel didn't really sit well with me. I also had a hard time agreeing with a lot of the characters were doing a lot of the time. I can see why a lot of people like it though.

Funny, I just criticised one movie, by saying I'd prefer it to be thought-provoking Sci-Fi, then proceed to criticise a movie that was exactly that. 




 End of a TV series, so kind of cheating.

Two men - one sitting, one standing, both in a hospital car park - debate the purpose their last twenty years, concluding it was all a battle between light and dark. Pan up to the stars. 




 An embarrassing thing happened to me yesterday. It's not really relevant, but I thiught if we're airing stuff out, I might as well share. I was coming back from a gathering slightly drunk and thought it was a good idea to stop and get chicken. I was 45 minutes from home before I started to notice what a bad idea getting chicken was. I tried rushing home, but it was too much to handle and I messed myself. I had to squelched my way home and then I took a long-ass shower. I don't know why I've added this to the thread, but it feels good to say. 




 I hope there is no explanation. It'd likely seem forced an detract from Johnny and Sue's relationship. 




 Twist: they don't care; it doesn't matter to them. 




 I've felt that for the whole run. 




 His dark side is called Ed Brubaker's run and is a highlight in his 75-year history. 




 Sorry, I must have misunderstood what you were trying to say wih the video. 




 Wow, that's kind of rude, just dismissing my opinion as a troll. Also, I didn't give a review, as I didn't mention the things those films did well. 




 I greatly respect your opinion, but I must ask this partly because I asked you to explain in the title of my post and because I'd love to hear why?

Is it the dated style of filmmaking, the clunky dialogue or the iffy acting?*

*I love these movies and I think that's all part of the charm. 




 Is True Romance really an  auteur film? It seems more driven by the writer's style of dialogue than anything else. 




 I'd say he's a skilled director who makes smarter-than-average and flawed, but very entertaining blockbusters.  




 For me it's Lord of the Rings.

Here's why:

* The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir).

* There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to.

* (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie.

* The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came.

* It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag.

* The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times.

* The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?).

* Too much exposition. 

* Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon.

* There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.
 









 He'a not an Avenger. Eric O' Grady is just some dick who stole an Ant-Man suit at the expense of his friend's life. There's a reason he's the irredeemable Ant-Man. 




 Ahh, the important questions straight off the bat. 




 Millar's run after Ellis was great too. 




 IMO, all of thise great things from the comic, couldn't work on film. It's a unique medium, especially considering the that you can read multiple panels and text boxes at the same time. 




 Sometimes I feel in the minority about Ant-Man looking good. Reed doesn't have the best track record, but the effects in the trailer look great. 




 I really like Batman: Year One, but I think it's only really great because of the strength of the original comic. The amount of narration really weighs it down, but I think they realised this when adapting Frank Miller's other great Batman story, The Dark Knight Returns. 




 When a movie is *that* good, I think the circlejerk is completely justified. 




 That team was perfect. 




 For a second, I thought Bendis was your flair. 




 Superman: Red Son or Old Man Logan. Alternate worlds seems to be off the table.

Outside of cape books, I'd love to see a Y: The Last Man mini-series.  




 Don't worry, we're here for you now. 




 She is, but she isn't telepathic.  




 Is it smarter? 




 Watching a 200 minute version of a movie I didn't really like and thought was already too long doesn't really appeal to me, but thank-you.  




 But Damon wasn't the producer for the Bourne movies. The MI movies are Tom Cruise's baby. They're *his* movies more than anyone else's. 




 Captain Marvel isn't telepathic. Who did you think she was? 




 The movie is already quite long and quite boring, I'm not sure I could sit through that. 




 [Oh, the joys of ant powers.](http://images-cdn.moviepilot.com/image/upload/c_fill,h_588,w_500/t_mp_quality/18dy5dvh22ytejpg-ant-man-the-avengers-phase-3-and-the-crisis-at-marvel-jpeg-72937.jpg) 




 I think you'd be surprised by the number of people that didn't get the pirate story. It's hardly Nolan-level hand holding (I love Nolan though).

Ignoring the symbolism and parallels between Ozzy, that's one of my favourite parts of the book as it's actually quite fun. While it wasn't really needed, it certainly would have added more depth to the film. 




 Rob Reiner doing another Coming-of-Age movie would be awesome.  




 Sorry that was the video, not the movie. 




 And my interest. 




 Mission Impossible is TC's franchise. He'll either end it or keep going into his sixties.  




 Base Transformers on the current IDW comics. It's really thought-provoking Sci-Fi. 




 The Amazing Spider-Man and Spider-Man are near identical movies in everything, but tone, villain and love interest.  




 [This is a pretty good reading order if you have Marvel Unlimited,](http://www.comicbookherald.com/the-complete-x-men-reading-order-guide-modern-marvel-comics-era/) but it's missing a few things like New Mutants (2003), New X-Men: Academy X, Mike Carey's X-Men Legacy, Vulcan's time in space and a good chunk of X-Factor.  




 The funny thing is, I thought it was a very left wing movie. It made great points about the rich being not so great and that being a gentleman is about how you behave, not class. 




 Consider Aaron's Secret Invasion tie-in. I think it's the last three issues. It stands alone really well and is very badass. 




 Luke Cage, as I'm a massive fan of the blaxploitation genre of cinema, so inserting him into the MU is just a blast. He's also shown to be a pretty great leader and a quite the badass.  




 Some good action and effects.  




 Or maybe Zack Snyder is the cause of the criticism.  




 I think the biggest fault with Watchmen is the fact it didn't deviate from the comics more. They should have changed the story enough to do their own thing and try and do something clever. Rather than just pinching elements from the comic and diluting them, they should have come up with some clever things themselves, like the X-Men movies have done.

That way, people like /u/Stankshadow would be more ready to accept its differences. 




 I don't think he really understood the book at all.  




 It actually has a lot of minor changes that really made the difference. Things like the pirate story or the death of Nite Owl I or the therapist or just the odd line of dialogue by Rorschach. Those completely change my perspective on the story and as a result the movie seems hollow.  




 I prefer the book's ending because the amount of character deaths and the gore was really impactful and the movie didn't have that. Also, they butchered "I already did it, 35 minutes ago." 














 The Walking Dead - whilst never being the best comic series (it's not even Kirkman's best current book), the affect it had on the comic book landscape in incomparable and it is thoroughly enjoyable.  




 More. After killing that universe he proceeds to kill famous literary characters like Sherlock Holmes as they inspired Superheroes. Then he renames himself Dreadpool and proceeds to try and killl every Deadpool in the Multiverse.  




 I was bored during the last act, not because the action was bad, but because there were no characters I really cared about. None. Superman was just a symbol - more like several conflicting signals actually - and if it wasn't for Snyder's direction, he wouldn't even be that.

I'm still not a fan of Snyder, but in the way I'm not a fan of cubism or interpretive dance. He's just not for me. 




 Luthor was exactly the way he was in the comics at that point. Which is a shame as I'd have preferred businessman Lex. M 




 Don't try an explain your BS with real world science and we have no problem. 




 Events were great and so was him being part of the Secret Avengers. It was like getting Dick twice a month. 




 It doesn't have to be a beer. 




 Damn right. I wish they wouldn't call themselves feminists, otherwise people like /u/Bigman61 will get confused. 




 I thought she was owned by Sony and has now returned. Even if she wasn't, that must've been a bit of a grey area.  




 I can recommend you some good Dick if you would like? 




 I had you at the Dick? 




 Never forget; actors can sign up for more movies. See: RDJ in Civil War.  




 Spider-Woman, but lets hope that's fixed down the line.  




 It's worse in Punisher MAX, he really wasn't good at making pop culture references. 




 It's certainly true for that Judge Dredd panel you linked, but Matt Hollingsworth is one of the best in the business and I'm really fond of his colouring. 




 There's a whole article there explaining it. 




 When weren't they? 




 It's moments like this that make me wish Joss never left Twitter.  




 Why can't we have nice and fun Superman in a gritty environment? 




 Also: last ten minutes of Reservoir Dogs 




 Be cartoony, do you mean nice and friendly? 




 **Noooooooooooo!!!** 




 But Bay's destruction isn't even visually appealing. It's like a dhitpost on /r/DestructionPorn 




 They have comics from the 30s! It's great! If you're looking for some older X-Men or Iron Man when he drank, you're in luck. 




 13K comics for $10/month. It's a ridiculously good deal.  




 You'd still be missing out on so many great Image comics.  




 I'd definitely prefer Cumberbatch in his native accent, but I think I'll try to stay open minded about it.

Strange is from Brooklyn, right? 




 /r/wallpapers 




 In Shinto Mythology there are these two-tailed cats that shapeshift. They come into your homes at night and kill your cats then take their form. After a while of studying you and learning your mannerisms, they kill you and take your form living out the rest of their days as you.  




 Add a scene of the mother tucking the daughter into bed first so we know what the mother looks like beforehand and the nighttime setting instantly makes it creepier. 




 A relatively new bromance, so we'll see how long it lasts, but I'm loving Tony and Bruce - Science Bros. 




 More female Superheroes, so probably White Tiger, Spider-Woman and Ms Marvel.

I'd add a few YA movies like The Runaways and Young Avengers. I know a lot of people think The Runaways would work better as a TV series, I'd prefer to see a female-led franchise on film.

I wouldn't hire D.B. Weiss and David Benioff to write Inhumans as this season of Game of Thrones has proved they're not very creative.

I'd introduce Dick Rider in an Annihilation movie.

I'd try and make the movies have more personal and emotional climaxes. I'm not interested if Spider-Man ends with him beating Doc Ock and winning, what made the end of Spider-Man 2 interesting was Doc Ock's sacrifice.

I'd make every sequel a team-up movie a la The Winter Soldier. How cool would Doctor Strange is Spider-Man 2 be? Or Black Panther in Thor: Ragnarok?

Hawkeye miniseries based on Fraction's run.

And of course, Dark Reign and Seige must happen.  




 I thought that about Martin Freeman until I saw Fargo. 




 Richard started as a teen hero (he's about Spidey's age) and he doesn't have to be white. I still prefer the war-hardened Nova from after Annihilation though. 




 I don't see any of these as bad. 




 Outside of the MCU, that black and gold armour is super sexy. 




 My mum as I'd want Peter to have someone looking after him that's as nice as she is. 




 He could make him really campy and still do him really well. I think I'd prefer him campy as watching Cranston have fun nowadays is an odd thing to see. 




 Goddammit! I didn't realise how much I wanted this until now. 




 Maybe one of Jackman's clones wants revenge for something.  




 I can imagine comic books and TV miniseries spinning out of this. 




 I always wanted an NWA movie so I guess I really lucked out. Their lives in the 80s and 90s always sounded so interesting even after them splitting up. I hope they don't glamourise it though. A gritty NWA movie would be awesome. 




 I frankly think this is more interesting than the subject of 8 Mile.  




 John Wick and the Raid 




 Who is also her girlfriend. She's dating a fucking dragon! How cool is that? 




 The Star Wars universe is so rich, I'm shockingly disappointed by the lack of genre diversity in the Expanded Universe. I'd love to see a noir-flavoured spy thriller in the Star Wars universe. 




 I think I'd prefer to see the other Quasar or Adam Warlock, but the Guardians is currently a bit of a sausage fest, so two new girls wouldn't be a bad thing.  




 "I don't want to kill anyone. I don't like bullies. I don't care where they came from." 




 Looks like Macbeth was about to slice a guy from crown to navel. 




 But the visuals are kinda the point. It'd be like taking away the visuals from a Sam Mendes film. 




 What's  New World? 




 Ideally action focused and foreign films are welcome. 




 I've only seen Die Hard out of those three and whilst it was pretty good, it doesn't reach my top 10. 
























 I heard a great idea on /r/Firefly that it was a GoT style TV series about 14 different people recieving the message from the end of Serenity and how the rest of the galaxy reacts. 




 Game is so hard on mobile. 




 Nova: Annihilation 




 Too soon 




 I couldn't find most of the New X-Men (Surge, Prodigy, Elixr etc). Are they are there? 




 No, but the power he displayed in the movie was still greater than he power SW displayed. 




 If we include Namora, can we include Hercules? 




 Comic Scarlet Witch? Sure. But she's not really displayed that much power in the movies yet. 




 I feel like it needs trimming, but I'm welcome to addition suggestions.

Deck:

Monsters: 24

Spells: 15

Trap: 12

Total Deck: 51

Extra Deck: 15

Monsters:

* Ojama Yellow **x3**
* Rescue Rabbit
* Junk Synchron **x3**
* Dandelion
* Mogmole
* Wind-Up Kitten **x3**
* Pon-Poko the Raccoon Rascal **x3**
* Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest **x3**
* Kalantosa, Mystical Beast of the Forest **x3**
* Baby Raccoon Tantan **x3**

Spells:
* Creature Swap
* Ayers Rock Sunrise **x2**
* Dark Hole
* Obedience Schooled **x2**
* Mystical Space Typhoon **x2**
* Spiritual Forest **x2**
* United We Stand **x3**
* Closed Forest **x2**

Traps:
* Super Rush Recklessly **x2**
* Beast Soul Swap **x2**
* Mirror Force **x2**
* Magic Cylinder
* Scrap Iron Scarecrow **x2**
* Token Stampede
* Dark Bribe **x2**

Extra Deck:
* Frozen Fitzgerald **x2**
* Junk Synchron **x3**
* Ally of Justice Catastor **x2**
* Daigusto Phoenix **x2**
* Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu **x3**
* Gachi Gachi Gantetsu
* Armor Kappa
* Number 96: Dark Mist 




 Isn't X-Men '92 digital only? If so, what's the point of the variant? 




 First Class is so much fun. 




 I absolutely agree, but for every writer that does a good job of being edgy (see: Garth Ennis or classic Frank Miller), you get five who aren't (see: modern Mark Millar or Grant Morrison's Happy). It annoys me that good writers try to hard and make every other word a cuss or have a prostitute get killed every other issue. 




 I think it's more about having the whole team involved for a sense of visual completion. 




 So like Milestone, but for women? That sounds awesome. Do you think it'd be likely they'd write Superhero comics? 




 So did his Daredevil. I'd argue his Avengers was also pretty good when not wrapped up in events. 




 I'm not entirely sure, but I think I would have saved Stane as the villain for another film. He would have acted as Tony's mentor, but it was hinted that he was doing some dodgy dealings meanwhile. As they were building a universe, having recurring characters like Stane would have been important. I probably would have gone for Hammer or the Mandarin as other villains and would have had a greater focus on Tony's drinking.

Sorry if that's a bad answer. 




 The Hulk in Tokyo would be pretty cool. 




 More importantly, any post slightly critical of these movies is downvoted. This shows quite a closed minded attitude.  




 * Revolving door of death
* Too many pointless events
* Too many variants
* Superhero comics are the only mainstream image of comics
* Reluctancy to start afresh
* No sense of scale as major events happen in every cape book all the time and they kind of undermine events
* Lack of women in the industry
* Oversexualised characters
* Inconsistent timelines
* Crappy creative teams on the best characters
* Most great Superhero stories are only great in the context of that character
* There's too many creator-owned books that are 2edgy4me. Why can't you tell a story with sex and violence, without playing edgy comics bingo?
* Status quos never last
* Being a new reader is horrifying
 




 "I need to talk to Caesar!" 




 But, that's not very interesting or entertaining, is it? 




 Apparently Idris Elba can never be Bond because of the leaks.
 




 Would you care to go over aboriginal history? 




 I feel The Raid 2 was the movie Evans wanted to make initially, but couldn't due to budget restraints. 2 opens up the world, creating a horrendous Gangster's Paradise whilst still topping the action of the first one. That kitchen fight. 




 Iron Man - how does Jeff Bridges' Stane go from a morally complex businessman to a cartoon villain in the last twenty minutes? Up until that point, Bridges was one of my favourite parts of that film. 




 Thor 2's visuals were splendid and made the movie for me. 




 Full gay? 




 I used to complain that the opening of Guardians of the Galaxy felt forced and undeserved, but now it just upsets me. 




 Source? 




 Not really. I don't mind Melissa McCarthy (although our senses of humour differ greatly), but I think Paul Feig is a good director by any means. He's an average television director who made traction because he did some mediocre work on some great shows.

I was never a fan of Paul Feig, but [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FOzD4Sfgag) really enlightened me to why. 









 Still waiting to watch The Assassination of Jesse James and The Wicker Man. Still waiting... 




 Fast and Furious 5-7 are pretty good movies, the first four... Not so much. 




 The Outlaw Josey Wales 




 Elf 




 I love Cullen Bunn's Deadpool miniseries. They're so much fun. 




 Flashpoint was pretty good, I thought. I only read the main event though. 




 I think it'll be fine as long as he's not just throwing out one-liners. 




 It stopped being a procedural last year though. 




 Season 3 was just a mess. It was four episodes' worth of plot, stretched out over thirteen. 




 I'd rather see a Gotham Central TV series. 









 Tokyo Drift ain't got nothing on Fast Five. 




 They wouldn't kill Matt's one Asian friend, would they? 




 I'm trying to imagine Rupert Grint as Penance now. 




 All of your choices, The Runaways, Young Avengers, White Tiger and Nova. 




 James Wan was 27 when he made Saw.  




 Eminem, but once he's famous. His troubles metamorphosed into a unique beast once he hit platinum. Drugs, rap, assult and fatherhood are pretty interesting subjects for a movie. Alas, I guess having two biopics is a bit unfair. 




 I've never met someone else who doesn't like LotR. I knew there were at least dozens of us! Dozens of us! 




 It was called Lord of the Rings - they're family movies. Don't try and turn kid's movies into an insult. There are so many great ones. 




 I actually think it's a reference to that famous Superman line, "faster than a speeding bullet." 




 So, favourably and lots of people will rewatch them time and time again? Does that mean this sub's equivalent to T2 in 30 years is The Winter Soldier? 




 Why not Adamantium nails? 




 Is this Macbeth as an action movie? I'd think that'd be pretty cool. 




 Bendis really knows what the kids are into. 




 As much as I love it, I kind of doubt it. It's so dependant on poking fun of contemporary films and filmmakers it'll date pretty poorly IMO. 




 Django has a bunch of unofficial sequels starring other actors. 
 




 Snikt, bub. 




 They can take Cornwall as well. 




 He's one of my favourite film composers and having him come back would greatly excite me. 




 This is very funny and all, but they've kind of misunderstood Ultron's motives, then again Whedon didn't really make it very clear in the film himself. 




 And an episode of The Office. I belive it was the episode before Joss Whedon's. 




 Nobody said there weren't. Maybe you should review the title again. 




 I can't remotely blame them, but wouldn't you love to see more? 




 I meant this year. In the grand scheme of things, this isn't that many movies. These movies have been over twenty years, the average amount of non-cape comic book movies a year is still under two on average. That really isn't great, especially compared to the number of book adaptions. 




 Are there? Obviously I can think of the classics like A History of Violence and V for Vendetta, but I can only think of one comic movie released so far this year that wasn't a cape movie (Kingsman). Care to give me some more examples? 




 It's about being able to see him making a difference. It has more weight and substance when you can immediately see the consequences. A caveman can understand the danger when Supes catches Louis in Siperman: The Movie, but the convulted saving the world victories have less weight and are harder to celebrate, especially if you're already not that into a movie. 




 Fair enough, although I really meant in the final act. 




 Hawkeye could get divorced. That could be an interesting direction for the character. Having to move out with only a dog and Kate to keep him company. 




 Quite a few years away, but I'm very much looking forward to Gareth Evans capping off his Raid trilogy. 




 He still didn't break Gordon though, so overall it's a loss. 




 Nope. He didn't break Gordon, although he did trick Batman into killing him. 




 Superman's character was defined by what others told him, so by the end of the film I had no idea what kind of person he was. I have no problem with Supes destroying clearly vacated buildings, but I do mind him never going out of his way to save individuals. A scene involving him saving people would have helped me see him more of a hero. This one is purely personal preference, but the colour scheme didn't work for me and I can't imagine it in a Superman movie. Even though it quoted All-Star Superman, it didn't really get what made Superman special (hint: his complete altruism). The action didn't really work for me, I felt like there was too much happening on the screen, even when simple things like flight were happening. My biggest complaint is the mixture of conflicting symbols - was Supes Jesus, Moses, the embodiment of the American dream, a foreigner in our land? 




 Her character was older. 




 This is the only Zak Snyder movie I've enjoyed, but I still don't think it's that good. Would you mind if I explained why I didn't like it *that* much? 




 I think Lord of the Rings is well made garbage. 




 I say that's only really true for this century. 




 This isn't an unpopular opinion, especially on /r/movies. 




 Secret Invasion: Black Panther is really excellent. Jason Aaron writes badasses really well. 




 Josh Brolin as Nick Fury is brilliant. 




 How has no-one mentioned Drax specifically? 




 Casablanca 




 The annoying thing is, Birdman isn't even pretentious. It mocks pretentious movies as much as it does blockbusters. 




 So the answers to "What's a movie similar to Pulp Fiction/The Wolf of Wall Street/Fast and Furious 7?" Are all the same?

Yup. Sounds like /r/Movies. 




 What is the point of Wolverine's Adamantiun skeleton? 




 I've been watching this post for the past 5 hours and all I can say is /r/ movies sure is a fickle bunch. Right now it's at +8, but an hour ago it was at -4 and an hour before that it kept circling around -1 to 1. 




 Do they present them without bias? Like, did they the bad shit they did as well? I really want to know if they included the beating of Dee Barnes in there. 




 This is great. Surprised by the downvotes though, it's as if people just saw Marvel and downvoted and didn't read your excellent analysis of Ultron'a motives and aims. 




 Were it the late 80s we would have turned on Spielberg, but instead hindsight has caused Jurrasic Park to be the top of this thread.

*I love Spielberg. 




 If not, do you think it has the potential to be somewhere down the line? 









 Where in the thread say it defines cinema? I was under the impression we were just listing scenes we really, really enjoyed. Frankly, that is an excellent choice and is one of the best scenes in modern action movies (which makes up a good chunk of modern cinema). 




 Has the anti-Marvel circlejerk gotten so bad, we're downvoting a guy for expressing the fact he liked a scene in the Avengers? Really? 




 You can't even call it House of M as it's named for Magneto. 




 Watching him is the most akward, uncomfortable and weirdest thing. I love it. 




 The Dark Knight. 




 Toy Story 3. 




 Eric is just a dick. There's nothing heroic about him, he's just a dick.

I'd actually be quite interested to see an Aronofsky-esque take on Hank Pym; watching his obsession with science destroy the relationships around him would be awfully thrilling. 




 What are you on about? The serial-adultering, wife-beating, murder-bot creating, mad scientist isn't a good person?

No? How about a compelling character then? I read an interesting post from a while back saying that what makes Hank interesting is how much he means well, yet still constantly does bad things and this is because he is inherently a bad person, but he doesn't want to be. 




 Movie is Kung Fury BTW 




 Have fun. Despite a few bum movies here and there, you're set on a real adventure.  




 My favourite podcast for comic book movies is The Weekly Planet. 




 Sorry, I'm a bit confused; what led you to conclude it wasn't a comedy? 




 Is All-New Captian America any good? 




 I loving Astonishing X-Men's Cyclops outfit. 




 Hard to explain; just read Alias. 




 It was filmed here. 




 If we're counting 2001, can I count Star Wars? 




 I'm glad they're trying to get more girls interested in science and maths, but I wish they had said "inspire other people" instead of "inspire other girls" as I don't think there are nearly enough female role models that boys look up to and I think there should be more.  




 I've always accepted it as a very subtle commentary on politics and comic books that Bendis decided the most powerful people in the 616 are all moderately wealthy, white men. Pointing that out diminishes it's impact.  




 Stuff like this makes Mark Waid one of my favourite writers   




 I have a lot of things to complain about. Price, crossovers, restricting creators to a house art style, the New 52 keeping parts of the old continuity without being clear what. I just can't be bothered to phrase it politely.  




 Several times. 




 See also: Marvel Studios and Christopher Nolan 




 There's only a  5 year difference for Arrow, in Dexter it was about 18. 




 Another TV example, but putting 30-something Michael C Hall in a bowl cut wig does not make him look 16. 
























