 BARK BARK POW! Agent Dog has shot me straight through the heart. I am in love. Also, possibly dying. 




 I want a Gun Dog Series. Might I suggest some titles?

Agent Gun Dog- A Hero's Path.
Agent Gun Dog- To Protect and Serve.
Agent Gun Dog- Sentinel Against The Unknown.
 




 It seems like Latin, but I get "I will cut you?" I see others translating it as "I will kill you" and that makes far more sense. Lets go with that. 

Succubus maybe? Bit of advice, never give a ghost permission to touch your naughties. 




 I don't think there's much I can do- I have work and responsibilities just like everyone else...I'm sure it's just some subconscious thing. I hope so. I've never actually thought much of it, until it started getting close to the date. Your idea of it marking an event is really intriguing.  





























 Supernatural. I can remember when that show was good. Now I'm stuck because of some weird misguided loyalty I inexplicably fell, but I wish they'd let the show die with whatever dignity it has left. 




 I know this is super, super late, and please forgive me for my lack of articles and details, I was a small child when this happened, and It's not something my family talks about, also my searches on the topic haven't turned up anything (feel free to dig yourselves if you feel inclined.)

My Grandpa disappeared mysteriously. I don't know the exact year, and I'll try to give as many details as I can. 

My grandpa was career Navy. He married my nanny in the early 60's they moved around a bit, spent some time in Illinois, and a few other Midwestern places (my grandpa has family out there) and had my Mom and Uncle. Somewhere along the way they divorced, my grandpa moved to South Carolina, and Nanny went back to Virginia with Mom and Uncle. Grandpa continued to get the kids during the summer, routine divorce stuff. Grandpa remarried, all of my family (and his) don't seem too fond of his new wife, and think she's either (odd- the polite term i've heard or NUTS. The less polite term.) Years pass, Grandpa sends a few letters to Nanny, saying he misses her, he's sorry for the things he did, she's always been his true love, he hopes she can forgive him, and perhaps they can be a family again.

Not long after this my grandpa supposedly leaves in the middle of the night /wee hours of the morning to go 'fishing' on his boat. His boat is found crashed into some rocks, although his fishing equipment was left untouched at his house. They drug the lake where this happened and found nothing. It's probably worth mentioning that his new wife had friends on the local and state police force. The investigation seemed shoddy, I remember Nanny trying to submit the letters and such to no avail. A while later the NIS got involved (as I said Gpa was career Navy, retired with a high rank) and called the situation "suspicious" but nothing came of it. Grandpa was declared legally dead a few years later, I think.

Also, final weird tidbit, Grandpa's new wife started going out to her garden everyday and talking to it, and calling it "Bill's Garden." (my grandpa's name.) I think the general consensus in my family is that she or accomplices offed grandpa and buried him in that garden, and then her cop friends did a bare-bones investigation. I don't know, I believe I was 6 or so at the time maybe a bit older. If you want names and stuff I can give that, I left them out in case Reddit got angry for some rule violation. 




 I'm willing to eat food off the floor, but not lick a butthole. The world is funny, right? 




 I feel awful, but when I got to the line - 

"The worst image was a man covered in blood holding a huge grey goose bottle over his head like a gladiator as he beat one of the grooms with it. "

I laughed so hard I snorted because what I pictured wasn't a gladiator at all it was more like- https://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2wkp897rY1rprxkro1_500.gif

 




 A casual 'fuck you' from the state of Virginia.

Take that, Chicago! 

*disclaimer this account does not endorse poop bombs 
























 I still say that occasionally.  




 "Cool Beans." I am still embarrassed. 




 I ate so much treet as a kid. 




 [Bernie Sanders.](http://i.imgur.com/N09gd9Y.png) 




 Same. I loved it once upon a time and have fond memories of it, and now I feel grossed out by what it's become but I have a weird loyalty to it and it's like I'm trapped by it in a way. Oh, show. I wish they'd let you die.

It's so sad because they have unique ideas and characters that they never execute properly, or just kill off or write off in the most disappointing of ways. Things have such potential and then get wasted. 
























 I do this to Korean food, which is already spicy by most standards. There's just something about crying involuntarily into your food that makes the dining experience great. 




 Twilight, Entourage, Most Facebook games, GLEE FUCKING GLEE 




 Being quarantined on the ship. I hate ports that do that. 




 That the police arrested you for ripping the tags off of mattresses, talking back, and a host of other normal kid offenses.  




 I was in middle school in the 90's so....Tight, Hella, Da Bomb, Jawsome....I'm trying to think of some odd ones that may have been region specific... for some reason I said (and still say) "Splendid" and "indeed" a lot, but I also watched WWE as most 90's southern kids and "IN...DEED" was a thing, don't ask. "Velociretard". that one was made up by my group of friends to describe a certain kind of stick drawing I did of them with velociraptor claws. We had weird clique names also.  
























 I have an alter-ego named "Kyle." Kyle is a smarmy, sarcastic, charming, manipulative, asshole, but the kind that everyone wants to have sex with.


I am a girl, and my name is definitely not "Kyle." 




 I do this sober. I never thought to do it drunk, but I bet a boiled egg makes a great drunk snack. 




 I live my life by the fuck you, I do what I want. I'm a 30 year old woman, sitting in my bed, which is covered with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles sheets, in my room, which is covered floor to ceiling in posters for everything I love which includes -

80's slasher movies, 
Kpop boy bands, 
Professional wrestling, 
video games, 
super heroes and giant robots-

I AM A GODDAMN ADULT I PAY MY BILLS AND SHIT I CAN LIKE WHAT I WANT 




 Raw is waaaay more fun to go to, and worth the money IMO. It's a very fun experience. 




 I'm a 30 year old woman and I do this as well. My girlfriend, My best friend and I will sit in my room, drink, and watch the WWE network until 3am with no regrets. 
























