














 the ledgend of billy jean 




 home room 




 i actually plan to document it on mtg salvations and my lgs is tapped out trade wise its a small town in id i figure id have as much chance on the net as any and shipping isnt that big a deal  




 that would be the jist of it,  sorry for not elaborating i was typing it out on my phone 




 so i dont know how many people know what a pack to power is, but i am doing one, and i figured since my home town is tapped out i would try the wonderful redditors.  now im abit more ambitious as im trying to get all 9 as opposed to one peice and possibly a set of each duel any way you can find my pack with each trade here: http://forums.mtgsalvation.com/showthread.php?t=408779 














 op here:  I have several ideas for turn based rpg video game stories a few novel and screen play ideas 




 So Reddit this is my first post,  Im 28 living in a dead end town in Idaho, and i think it is slowly taking away my will to live,  i have a lot of ideas i want to get afloat but not the know how to do it.  i wish there was someway out can Reddit help me? 


































 all ten in a core set is not unheard of remember the pain lands? 




 in idaho where i am, they have abandoned trick or treating all together in favor of mormon kids lining up around cars at the mall and getting candy and businesses giving it out 




 very far shot, but the bat computer is a very powerful machine and the d.c.u. obviously uses alien tech, so i think that the bat computer and thus batman have access to Wikipedia in our world and thats how it has so much info on everything because its been written beforehand 




 my money is on the undertaker being he normally is around in the back, and vince would listen to him plus ive heard taker say hell in a hand basket lots of times on air 




 what part of idaho? 














 http://doaw.proboards.com/index.cgi 









 the best wrestling related troll ever 
























 i cant remember the last time an event was in boise not even a house show, but i think not having wwe 13 availible for purchase at any of the stores in my podunk town is the icing on the shit cake 




 no live events, no wwe 13 at any stores /rant 




 im a decent concept artist what kind of setting do you want? 




 i could do some concept art for ya whats the setting like? 




 thank you i appriciate the help :) 




 i can do the art and story and i pretty much have that done i cant do the programing as i dont know how to do it 




 actually i would like to work with them 









 foil Korean enchantress presences, serra sanctum full set of foreign Korean dark rits and bad moons 









 LOL I was at that park last night.  Most we ever have gotten was power drain from our instruments  




 I'm totally interested  
























 i would love to see it during onslaught block that just screams movie, its almost a Greek myth 




 walking dead
lost girl
the following
American horror story
being human (us) 




 the undertaker normally returns around royal rumble, what if he returns and costs rock the wwe title leading to rock v taker at wrestlemania 









 if taker were to "pass down his powers of the darkside" to a new talent who would you like to see and why 




 somebody i beseech you help i need a stream of raw and bollyrulez is down 




 ive got a set of paladins one is the buy a box
 




 im in idaho but i have no problem shipping
 




 hey everyone newbie here iv'e played before but never had my own clix, there is an interesting comunity where i play.  i did mainly play magic but the fnm scene is all but dead at my game store so im picking this up and i really like it.  so if anyone wants cards for clix i am all in 









 amazon is currently selling wwe13 for 29.99 i just picked up mine  





























 here are the other ones i have done http://imgur.com/a/GKkv2 




 sure ill upload here in a bit 




 tripple h= trips
alberto del rio = albert the river
sheamus= comfy shoe 
aj= shwing
mark henry= cool aid guy 




 nomadic elf from invasion and a ravnica island 




 http://imgur.com/Go01EVS  what do y'all think? 




 /r/mtgtournylve come or don't no pressure  




 discuss tournaments or deck critique  









 they use the lights, and each person they have attacked save ryback has had a beef with him previously
 




 what if the sheild is working for the undertaker as well as paul heyman? 




 say i have two wild beastmasters in play and i blood rush one of them do the effects of the blood rush continue to stack with the two beastmasters bouncing off of one another? 




 So heres the deal, i have never really lived in a larger city before and i have no idea what im getting into.  I am very into table top games and movies.  so with that in mind where would i go to meet like minded people and make new friends who are down to sling some cardbored or roll some dice? 
























