 I'm a huge fan of the Sennheiser MKH 50, very warm sounding and not a lot of ceiling noise. 
But I know the Oktava MK-012 is very good too and much cheaper.  Both are good, but I think the MKH 50 will take you further.  




 I am a location sound mixer, and Me66 isn't bad, but I will almost always reach for a 416 first.  The 416 is really the industry standard for shotgun mics, so if you are planning on building up a kit it is a far better investment than a Me66.

And absolutely get a 302 or better to use with either mic as the H4n simply will not get you the best audio quality from those mics. 
Good luck! 


































 Canon DSLRs suffer from automated gain control. When the sound in the room is quiet it boosts the gain automatically. So what happens is when you talk it might sound normal, but in between lines the sound of the room or the room tone becomes louder as auto gain control rises. Even with a Rode mic it does the same thing. Magic Lantern gives you a few set gain options and disables auto Gain. 

Your best bet for a long term solution is to get an external audio recorder like a Zoom H4n and sync the audio and video up later. H4n's have decent on board mics that are far superior to the rode mic and you have the option to plug in two additional mics via XLR ports in the future when you can afford a decent shotgun mic or Lavaliere.

*credentials - I am a Location Sound Mixer for film
 









 Thanks Killing Music 




 When I made films in high school I forgot quite a few things. So you are so far ahead of where I was. You kept pretty good continuity and had plenty of coverage. That being said, start asking yourself what the shot looks like. Change up the shot size.

For example, a great way to show how alone and vulnerable the kid is is to take the camera all the way to the other end of the hall (an extreme long shot) and show how empty and big the hallway is. Take this approach across the film. Use camera distance to convey emotion. Close-ups are more intense and can be used to show extreme emotions or build tension. And don't be afraid of coming from a different angle than just eye-level.  Anyway, that's my two cents. Good work! 
























 Spicy Banana Disaster 









 JVC 750 is great for long term shooting like your lecture or Documentaries. Very Large Camera though.  




 It's not bad, but Dialogue is mixed way too low and it sounds heavily EQ'd 
























 I've heard the same thing.  Though I haven't yet had the opportunity to use an H6. I've also hesrd the User
 Interface is much cleaner. 
In that price range the Tascam you suggested might be your best bet. 

What mics are you using?

 




 I've had many similar experiences on set and all I can say is it gets better. In class projects tend to be crappy. You get stuck in groups with people that have no ambition and no interest in learning any of the skills necessary to make a good film. My experience at film school was that there are two kinds of students that go there. The ones that go to class and the ones that go to set. 
You'll start to build up contacts of people you like working with at school and your projects will improve as you start to weed out the lazy kids. 
I'm not a director,  just a sound guy, but knowing who to work with is incredibly important.  

Also saw you were in Midwest and I'm in Chicago and completely agree with your analysis of Columbia College. 




 I should make the correction that screen writing students hate feedback. The profressionals know its part of the industry.   




 Both and joke and true.
The only person who hates feedback more than the sound guy is the writer. 
























 I've had a lot of trouble getting the H4n to play nice with anything. What do you use with the Zoom that works well? 




 In that price range I always suggest the Rode NTG 2. Its a fairly good mic for the price and I think it's better than the Sennheiser ME66, which is a similarly priced mic.  




 A Harvest Nope 




 To be honest in that price range I'm not sure. I've used the NTG2 and NTG3 with the H4N and my biggest issue has always been that Phantom power is supplied to both xlr ports or neither. That being said the h6 is supposed to have new preamps right? I think the quality of the preamps are definitely most of the reason in price jumps before you add timecode. 
I have used Sound Devices MixPre and 302 with the H4N and they don't play nice together. 
Sound devices makes some sick toys like their new 633 mixer/recorder. Obviously way put of the H4n range but you can dream right? 
























