 DAMN RIGHTWING WGBH shilling for the pipeline proponants 




 Its not really sexism, just human nature. There are plenty of guys that would hate a random dude who their SO mentioned was attractive. It's all rooted in insecurity. 




 Just laugh. It's completely jealousy. Hopefully sometime her husband is there and you can flirt with him. 




 Hey, no disrespect meant to any branch. I'm just trying to dispel the "durr, ure goining to military..u gonna bloww up in Irak" retardism I see all the time. The reality is that barring WW3 (which would suck for everyone) many military jobs are very safe and not very physically taxing. 




  men would rather die than kill

natural selection right there 




 Could have been Hungarians, Italians, Bulgarians, etc. as well. 




 I thought I saw a post on this forum a while ago talking about how they were sometime shot if they came back and the cockpits were sometimes locked shut. 




 Nah, did both 




 fack, I was probably in the most bullshit laden part of the military and I'm pretty much the same except some knee pain and a bunch of educational benefits.

If you wanna skip the whole danger/physical toll part there's always 90% of the air force and navy. 




 hell most people in the military don't like military culture 




 people living in a communal situation is hardly turning colleges into prisons 




 let me guess. you arent college educated?

Man, I don't really have a horse in this race but an undergrad saying something like that sure does make you sound like an entitled little shit 




 True enough, although it meant to support a college student...not a family. 




 Transferring isn't THAT difficult...and I'm sure people that got into UCB could get a lot of scholarships at less competitive universities. If 200 kids put in their papers to transfer it would make a lot more of a statement than sitting in a building. 




 yea not many people seem to consider the military option...the post 9/11 gi bill is a great deal 




 No I mean like a room with 20 or 30 people in bunk beds, hostel style. 




 IT WAS A JOKE!!!!! 




 Looking at the UCB website it looks like tuition and fees are roughly 13k and room and board are 14.5k. It seems like there would be some room to reduce costs in the room and board area. There should be an option for students to live in a large room on bunk beds and a lower cost dining hall that has less choices. Students willing to accept these conditions could have their room and board significantly reduced. This may or may not be feasible at USB but it would seem like a good choice to offer in cases where room and board cost more than tuition and fees. This is, of course, assuming that the billing model reflects cost of operations. 




 why? 




 private message sent... 




 So did you wake her up and say "hey, you pissed the bed.....it's okay, I'm not mad" 




 *thanks NATO 




 *crosses fingers and hopes Thai government establishes real Hunger Games 




 Sounds more like shit you buy in Chinatown than a "weapons shipment" 




 never stand up in court 




 ABLEISM!!! (stims furiously) 




 You should do what we do in the states....bus minorities from nearby poor districts so wealthy suburbanites can have a black kid in their english class. 




 OK, you're stupid 




 Yea, I'm not saying that lots of women might not feel this way, just that the one who do are stupid. 




 and that would be a stupid woman you don't want to date 




 That's more than slightly discriminatory. I'm one of the folks that thinks a lot of complaints about "discrimination" by anyone (men, women, white, black, etc.) are driven more by attention seeking and the desire to create controversy than any real problem. This is a real problem and pretty much the definition of sexism. You should do something about this.

This is fairly shocking to me, what country is this? 




  "Unfortunately, this doesnt display the results clearly enough". He then 
summarily dropped his trousers and shorts, revealing a long, thin, clearly erect penis. There was not a sound in the room. Everyone had stopped breathing.

Science! 









 maybe they're just better at it ;) 




 Yea...I know, I'm just picking on France because it's the American Way. I suppose Egypt or Turkey (our "allies") would be more factual. 




 Good Guy USA: hooks you up with virgins in your area that want to fuck tonight! 




 I don't hate my parents....then again I'm also not France 




 Either this is a weird repost or there is an epidemic of this in the indian-american community http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2kzg83/i_am_pregnant_and_someone_sent_my_husband_a_sex/ 




 In the Air Force or Navy you almost certainly wont 




 this is a great list 




 While the sentiment here seems to be "no shit" (and I agree that currently that is true) I think many here many be failing to appreciate that this has not always been the case. During the cold-war right-wing, left-wing, and nationalist ideologies inspired a large proportion of terrorist movements. 




 I'm a man. It depends on context. If I am walking at night in a not so great neighborhood I view all people as a threat until proven otherwise. This means constantly scanning to observe behavior and location, clearing corners carefully, moving confidently, and maintaining distance from unknown people. Clearly I assign a greater "threat index" to a large man than an elderly woman. If I'm in a crowded shopping mall my level of alertness is less.
 




 WUT.... it's 2.85 in worcester 




 The UK these days with its extensive CCTV network, mass disarmament, and censorship seem to be the culmination of Orwell's vision.....with a dash of deference to muslim extremism. 




 The new wave of job openings means female Marines in active-duty artillery, tank, assault amphibian, combat engineer, combat assault, and low-altitude air defense battalions and an array of selected reserve units can now fill jobs at the company and battery level

I thought this was ABOUT women getting jobs in company level combat units....perhaps I misunderstood. I recognize they aren't in grunt units yet....but give it a few years. They're already sending them to ITB. 




 I'm not familiar with the TOE of every type of unit but infantry companies typically have a headquarters section with 4 enlisted (1stsgt, gunny, police sgt, and clerk) in reality it is usually expanded to a "headquarters platoon" which is squad sized and filled with people who are unwanted in the rifle or weapons platoons. 




 There's gonna be a whole bunch of "Headquarters Platoons" forming 




 Or that people have a financial interest in creating that impression. 




 It's jealousy, nothing more.  




 Thinking of it from a purely marketing perspective...its pretty clear there isn't a conspiracy against a drug for female sexual dysfunction. Clearly most women would like it........but I bet there are a lot of men with wives going through menopause that would really like it too. "Yo this pill will make your wife wanna fuck more!" is second only to "Yo this pill will make yo dick rock hard!" in terms of massive marketing potential to middle-aged men. 




 oh New Orleans.....the USA's little slice of the third world 




 twitter isn't that bad 




 well they DID get cut in half 




 Forget it Jake. It's Boston. 




 what's wrong with fake titties? 




 When I was a 17-year-old in 2001 it seemed pretty clear to me that you didn't want to take out big loans or study something that was unmarketable.  




 I was born in 1985 as well and heard plenty of the "do what you love," "just be yourself," "everyone is beautiful," BS advice the still predominates our mass media. I also realized that getting a degree field without a clear career path after graduation and taking out huge loans to do it was a bad idea. I turned down an Ivy League education because it would have required large loans. I studied STEM instead of history which I would have preferred. I guess I just don't get it...did other people's parents literally never tell them about money? Did people just assume any college degree meant a great paying job? We DID have the internet, newspapers, and books back in the day.  




 Widely used on Reddit is not the rest of the world. It has one entry on urban dictionary that makes reference to One Direction fans.  




 Sorry mom....

also....wtf is it with people on Reddit saying everything is "cringy"? Is this from the UK? The only people that talk like that in the US are preteen girls. 




 I hear they like it that way down in Brazil 




 America doesn't need you gay nerd laws UN. MURICA! USA USA USA 




 I'm sure the Germans will be able to find a solution 




 absolutely 




 and German is the largest ethnic group in America....so basically the Germans have mastered this race! 




 Then they can use money from their jobs to buy shitty food. There is no fucking "right" to Doritos paid for by the government. 




 God forbid they have a beer or a cigarette....but that doesn't mean the taxpayer should be directly funding it.  




 Damn Phil is 10 years deep in the friend zone and reaching his breaking point. I'd stay the fuck away from him. 




 In Afghanistan after one of our guys stepped on an IED and got blown in half. Running all over the scene setting up medical care, security, and calling for an evac. We didn't have time to carefully sweep for more IED's and they are usually planted in groups so I was just running around on my tiptoes whispering "fuckfuckfuck" to myself. 




 "There's a gun violence problem" Conservatives: "NO THERE ISN'T COMMIE!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with gun culture (a lot of their electorate)

"There is a gun violence problem in black culture" Liberals; "NO THERE ISN'T RACIST!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with black culture (a lot of their electorate) 




 NO it's only one party that's stupid 




 and the same thing happens from the other side when you break down the demographics of gun violence 




 Hmm, I stand corrected, it looks like NATO is doing more than I thought. I wish we were doing A LOT more.

both sides armed opposition fighters at least 20 times in the past 100 years

probably WAY more 




 Said ONE Ukrainian general and everyone denied it. I mean AFAIK the Russians have never confirmed supplying the separatists but it is very obvious looking at the hardware they have. On the other hand I haven't seen any obviously NATO equipment in the hand of the Ukrainian Army. Don't get me wrong, I wish NATO was suppling the Ukrainians but I haven't seen any evidence they are. If you have pictures or other info I would (seriously) be interested in seeing it. 




 HONEST question: Those charges SEEM to be applied to individuals who are not suspects lying to protect someone else. The federal charges seem to sometimes be applied to the suspect. Do I have a false impression of this? 




 It is against federal law to lie to the FBI (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Making_false_statements) But I can't seem to find any state level versions of this law. Why not? 




 I think this was the original use for "friend zone" ie. the guy that follows a girl around like a little puppy for years expecting her to one day jump into bed with him. One day said girl meets a guy and mr. "friend zone" gets butthurt, he professes his love for her, and she (reasonably) says something along the lines of "I think of you as a friend."

Guys that begin with a romantic interest and get rejected are not "friend zoned," they are rejected as others have expressed. This may be somewhat complicated when women say something like, "we can still be friends." Generally this may be seen as letting the guy down easy (although I'm sure it is sometimes sincere) but it can be confusing for soft-headed guys.  




 Well the Koreans have a similar version but age is the primary determining factor not who invited whom. I was suggesting culture contributes to social views, individual anecdota may vary. 




 I merely suggested that alternate views of individual responsibilities in a social interaction might be colored by the culture of the individuals involved. You seemed to be misunderstanding and getting upset. The culture is WASPs in NE United States. 




 We can't complain about people being rude?  




 In my culture the invited person should at least offer, for the host to ask them to pay would be rude.  




 Maybe she knows the picture is there, maybe she posted it. There is absolutely no upside to you making her aware of it. There IS a downside if she takes it the wrong way. 




 It may be cultural. In my culture if you are invited out to a meal you ALWAYS offer to pay your share, HOWEVER it is typically expected that the individual who offered the invitation will pay. 




 NATO arms the Ukrainians? 




 Welp, if you ever visit the USA ill buy you a beer 




 That's a lot of writing to miss the point entirely. I vote my own self interests, you cry like a baby on the internet. Looking at your posting history virtually everything is an anti-American diatribe. I smell inferiority complex. You also talk a lot of shit to anonymous strangers which suggests you are a coward that gets bullied a lot. Not far off base, huh? 




 That two intelligent people, based on the same facts, should reach the same conclusions 




 She referred you to a psychiatrist because she recognizes that your problems exceed her expertise in the area. She doesn't want to change your meds because if you show up to your psychiatrist and say "problems etc." and then explain that you just switched TWO mood altering medications it will make the psychiatrist's job that much harder.  




 depends on how much money they make 




 Yeah...these guys are TOTALLY gonna limit carbon emissions 




 Lets say hypothetically WMDs are out of the picture, America declares war on Russia, and Russia is exterminating all civilians in occupied countries. 


































 Around 830 last night there were 50-100 bicyclists riding against traffic in both lanes down River St. in Cambridge. Most of them did not have lights on and I about squished the first few before I saw them. Anyone know what this was about? 



























































 And the chance of the UN making that happen is zero, so saying it just makes them look impotent.  




 I heard abu zubaydah took the ice bucket challenge... 




 Saying stupid stuff like this makes them even more of a joke. Its like some little kid telling a grown man he's gonna kick the man's ass. If the kid had made a good argument to the man, tried to reason with him, the man might listen. When you start out with threats/demands that you have no possible way of following through on, you get laughed at. 




 my aunt who told me that I need to make him come to me

This is really terrible advice. A great way to specifically select for guys who are more desperate/have fewer options. Not so say that guys(or girls) with more options are necessarily better....but common sense dictates that they probably are.  




 One my good friends went from NYC to Sweden...also married.  




 Yea...when I interviewed at Harvard (no I didn't get in) a bunch of people were texting the whole time. One girl just left in the middle of the tour to "go meet a friend." I was flabbergasted.  




 The ER I work in HATES this. Not so much for adults but everyone wants it for kids who miss school. I've never seen anyone refuse to write one so they are essentially meaningless anyway. It's also funny because no one want to waste time meeting a dumb requirement so the letters, in there entirety, generally read something like this: "Johnny is sick and can't go to school. - Dr. XXX." 




 This is such a non story. "Guy gets mad at business that over charged him." Just an excuse to feel better than someone, like all the stories about beemers parked in front of hydrants. 




 Yup, frankly the Germans got off pretty light. 




 lol....if it makes you feel better 




 Yes, the allies should have accepted millions of more casualties to prevent civilian casualties among a population that largely supported the war's initial aggressors. Sorry no. 




 So force people to pay to work, those patients will get great care!  




 Oh believe me, I know all about that. For example: mom with 4 kids in ER "this one has a fever, this one has a sore tooth, this one has a rash, this one won't listen to me." The worst thing is that this is in Massachusetts so she DOES have a PCP paid for by the state. 

The truth is you really can't turn away anyone at the ER (especially kids) and if someone is poor and has shit credit there isn't really any way to prevent this. Unless there is a mechanism to deny people care, or actually punish them for wasting medical resources this wont change. 

Recently I saw a 16 yo girl who was complaining about sharp LRQ pain. She has no fever or other symptoms, she seems to be faking everything but insists she is in terrible pain and thinks she is going to die. The resident orders an ultrasound just to be sure. Later the girls mom leaves the room and the girl tells the resident "I faked this whole thing because I didn't want to go to school." Too bad. Resident can't tell the mom because of confidentiality concerns and the team decides to go through with the ultrasound. They do this because if she lying now and just wants to go home (has been waiting several hours, already missed school) and something really is wrong, they all get sued.  




 I'm always terrified I will laugh while giving a prostate or genital exam. It's one thing for the patient to laugh, the physician can gently reassure them that the exam provokes reactions like this in many patients and there is no reason to be embarrassed. If the doctor starts laughing at the patient....how can they really salvage that?  




 We could raise taxes, cut spending, or decide that there isn't a public "right" to healthcare. 




 if they want more access for medicaid patients....them's the breaks.
 




 Speaking as a male former Marine....if someone doesn't feel that they are "man enough" or "woman enough" or "tough enough," whichever qualifier need apply....I wouldn't want to serve with them. I certainly wouldn't want things to be changed to make them more comfortable.

When we reached our victor unit, we probably lost 20% of our original strength over the course of six months due to "psych issues," guys running away, guys hurting themselves on purpose, guys purposely getting caught with drugs, etc. These were the guys that didn't want to be there. By the time we went into harms way we were stronger having lost them. 




 HA....you should really be complaining about capital gains tax rates 




 This seems like things we have mostly heard before.  




 They just need to get people to stop giving them money. The homeless have every right to be there but they do frequently cause disruptions, harass people, and are generally bad for business (how many women do you know that specifically avoid Central Square because of this?) If you want to help the homeless make a donation to a shelter, don't give it to someone on the street and encourage this shit.  




 My point is that these laws just encourage more inane behavior. I'd rather some guy sit quietly against a wall than obstruct traffic or make me think I'm being carjacked. 




 Doesn't seem to be doing much good. They walk into active traffic and knock on your window in Worcester. 




 Raise medicaid reimbursement rates and watch this change.  




 He thinks he did something wrong or that there is something wrong with him. He wants to know what it is so he won't make the same mistake again. You don't owe him anything but you specify that there are "several reasons" why you don't want a relationship with him. It will put his mind at ease and perhaps help him in the future if you let him know. Make it clear that you have no romantic interest in him going on. 




 and Norway! Fuckin stuck-up jerks of the Nordic states 




 from massachusetts....dont believe it 




 Its like all the countries I like are green and all the ones I don't like are red! 




 4 years in the military 




 Or maybe they are trying to set expectations. Make it seem like it's gonna be terrible so when the facts come out and they really aren't much more than waterboarding everyone will just go "oh, meh, that ain't so bad." 




 story of my life :( 




 Wouldn't it be terrible if private businesses could freely choose with whom to do business?  




 They just need to import some American rednecks. The redneck will also be costly to your social service agencies but they will keep the radical islam in check and add to diversity. 




 Drones would probably be pretty useful for targeting their GRADs 




 I agree. I'm much closer with guys I went to high-school and college with than anyone I went to Iraq or Afghanistan with. Other than occasional facebook stuff I'm not in touch with any of them and have no desire to be. These are guys I lived in a tent with for 7 months, guys who I watched friends die with, guys I saw heard crying. Despite these deep shared experiences...I find I don't have much in common with them. I have more kinship with dudes I took calc 2 with than dudes I got in gunfights with.  




 it this like a sensitive topic for you? 




 Street cops. Not political animals like the chiefs of large departments, and the street cops will do whatever their boss tells them. 




 I would guess the nasty guard has a lot more experience with MRAPs than many of the police officers. 




 yet I don't get how everyone is going on vacations 1-2x/year

mom and dad 




 There's nothing really wrong with it. Would you have a problem if she was married to a woman? 




 Family is smarter than half of reddit, 2/3 of the media, and 90% of the protesters. 




 Give up, ure arguing with stupid, stupid people. 




 then please don't ever vote. 




 OH my mistake....its all about instagram followers. Whats it like to pretend to be part of something? 




 LOL. People that don't know about it? Do you think people that didn't know about it by this point are going to be great warriors in your social justice army? 

 




 *Taxpayers 




 How about leave the T AND streets open.  




 I don't know what this means...but I like it. 




 Funny....I bet most of these people think there should be a mandatory free speech exclusion zone around abortion clinics. 




 That was on Tuesday night. You know...the one where everyone stays up late because they are going home on Wednesday and maybe have an early morning class that doesn't matter. Perfect time for some pretend activism. 




 No shit! This has always been one of those tiny, trivial annoyances that made me hate mass. 




 Thank you, I could not have said it better.  




 The whole system of permanently removing some of an individuals rights due to a past conviction is wrong and should end. That said, being that the current system is in place and Wahlberg committed multiple, violent, unprovoked assaults. FUCK HIM. 




 Why the hell wouldn't they be from Boston

I was expressing evidence that in fact many of them are not from Boston. 




 notice how everything calmed down over Thanksgiving break....? 




 If you want to inconvenience someone, inconvenience the people that can change things and the people responsible for the problem. Surround the state house and Boston Police HQ. Block access with interlaced arms. Refuse to leave until the state establishes an independent commission to investigate police brutality. Don't engage in activities that specifically inconvenience the people you are trying to win to your side. The cops at the protest are not inconvenienced. They are all making AT VERY MINIMUM several hundred dollars to stand around shooting the shit with their buddies and looking at college girls. They would love if there were protests like this every day.

The "this is about systemic racism" is such a fucking bullshit copout. Racism is real and bad. No shit. I graduated elementary school too. What is your solution? Do you have a specific list of demands or legislative proposals? How do we fix the problem? Right now it is like having a protest against cancer. Yea, I get it, it's a problem, but until there is a message beyond "racism bad" it's like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Entirely counterproductive. If you want to change things you need a specific plan. You can't just whine until someone fixes it like with mom and dad. 




 Protesting is not necessarily about swaying public opinion or garnering sympathy

Then what is it about? Annoying people? Expressing anger? If it is the second there are much more productive ways to blow off steam without inconveniencing the public and wasting public funds.

Maybe its just about a bunch of college kids that wanna selfie protesting outside their dorm on thursday night. 




 What a great way to get support for your cause!  




 It looked like they were all parents there with their kids.  




 The funny thing was on WCVB the people complaining about the disruption of the performance were black and the people endorsing it were white. 




 If they want to block things why don't they surround the statehouse or police HQ and block people from entering or leaving, form an arm chain. Blocking traffic just pisses people off. My friend just called stuck in traffic for an hour for the second time in two weeks. 




 They should do a better job at articulating that because all I hear is MIKE BROWN!!! RACISM BAD!!! They might even win some supporters. EDIT- I'm completely serious. I agree with all your points. However, blocking traffic and screaming "Hands Up Don't Shoot" and "Fuck you racist ass Police" communicates none of them and just turns politically neutral people against you. 




 You don't fire a lethal weapon at a van full of children to stop a fleeing suspect. 









 I feel like you're agreeing with me.... 




 As with mike brown and the choke-hold guy in New York. Resisting arrest and being an ass aren't good enough reasons to shoot someone. I used these videos because they very clearly capture exactly what happened (not the case in the first two mentioned cases). They both clearly show officers opening fire in situations when they and others are not in immediate lethal danger. Situations when non lethal options are clearly available. 




 There were at least 4 cops, in body armor, with multiple rifles, a dog, and non lethal options. The man was retreating. If they can't handle the situation without opening fire they should be fired for incompetence and cowardice.

Source: Infantry Combat vet that has dealt with many, much more dangerous situations. 




 NSFW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tpAZObNZfI t=0m51s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBL6AEkvLbk t=11m30s 
This is not a purely black-male problem. It is a police problem. While certainly racism exists in our society and certainly black males are more likely to receive this kind of treatment, framing our national problem with use of force by police as a purely racial issue is a mistake.  









 How about one banning all public sector unions in the state?  




 It's great when all kinds of different people can work together in crisis and get something done....even hipsters. 




 It depends on the country. That shit will work in the EU, the US, Japan, Korea, Australia, NZ, etc. But that shit won't work in China, Syria, or North Korea. 




 we should start taxing their tea! 




 No fucking shit, it's laughable. "Naw, man, real life is unfair and hard." Yea, that wasn't the point.  




 Well if they are in Status Epilepticus you should intubate them, probably best left to a paramedic or doctor 




 Such a silly argument. What difference does it make if one "race" is slightly more or less intelligent when measured over large populations. Will the people that don't like said race now be allowed to discriminate against them legally? NO. Will said race get some kind of entitlement because they are in some way mentally disabled? NO. Will it still be in everyone's best interest to judge individuals by their individual merit? YES. 




 Wonder what they're using for footwear 




 I FOUND A SPY!!!! 




 that's cute 




 Looks like the anti-vaccers have found a new ally! 




 They already had his DNA. They wanted a confirmation from a familial party in the compound as confirmation before the raid. 




 All the people blocking the road take honking as a sign of support.......yea I'm sure. The people who disagree probably aren't going to make it known when they are surrounded by a bunch of protestors for fear of damage to their car or their body. 




 Yup veterans and rioters....same thing. Does your case-worker know ure online? 




 These are the same people that believe cops are racist, thug, enforcers for the corporatist 1%'ers....and the only people that should have guns. 




 What is the obsession with obstructing traffic? Sounds like a great way to make people that don't really have an opinion hate you. 




 you ever been? 




 I wonder how many women and kids were there? Oh wait, its ISIS and they're like super mean so all the normal whining and handwringing goes out the window.
EDIT: lol at all the people who missed my point completely or think ISR can reliably determine if non-combatants are present. You learn a thing or two when, you know, you actually fight in middle east. 




 Maidan and Tahrir laugh at your puny rioting Ferguson 




 They stole land from people that stole land from other people and now everyone involved is dead.  




 yea totally forgot...that is like the most hidden grocery store ever 




 James Mattis 




 It's called a war. They are unpleasant.  




 So long as they keep their caveman activity to the mountains of pakistan it sounds fine. Unfortunately they haven't. 




 absolutely correct 




 This is too true 




 To be fair that housing development is a complete waste of resources in Kendall Square, it's all low rises. They should sell it to developers for hundreds of millions of dollars and then use the money to build better, high-rise developments elsewhere in Cambridge. 




 to be fair there is a 7/11 




  I'll tell ya another thing: their beer sucks! 




 Why do you care, it's his life 




 Pouring bottled water on my corpsman's hands to wash away the blood from our buddy who had just been KIA. 




 TOTAL BULLSHIT STORY...."when the letters stopped coming we knew he was gone"

FUCKING BULLSHIT....if he had ever been there he would know it takes like 2-3 weeks for letters to get home and casualty notifications are done within 24 hours like 99.99% of the time. 




 3 year old boy with his dick burned off, it looked like a little piece of charcoal. 




 fucking disgraceful, especially considering our NCO corps is one of the primary reasons our military is so much better than those built on the Warsaw Pact model. 




 Just send them to boot camp and put them in "Pork-Chop Platoon." That means half rations and double PT and no advancement until you lose the weight. I still remember the look on those fat dudes faces as we drove past them running through the night....shudder. 




 This is hilarious 
























 Days.  




 Well no one even knows for sure that happened in the Mike Brown situation, but it is fairly possible it was justified and at least we know Mike Brown had just committed a violent crime. Also, the officer in question is no longer a cop. In this case a cop admits to improperly handling a firearm and shooting a completely innocent man, and he is still a cop working in mass. 




 There's simply nothing the US Military likes more than fighting conventional. 




 Everyone is rallying for Mike Brown when we have a way worse story in our own back yard http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/14/raid-of-the-day-eurie-sta_n_3273127.html 




 Say hi to ISIS for me 




 maybe to you, wierdo 




 You actually can get limited nutrients rectally. From what I've read it seems like the rectal feedings may have initially been inspired by hunger strikes but were also used to demoralize the prisoners. 




 Yea deployment can suck because it isn't uncommon to literally work 12-16 hours a day for months on end with no days off. At least you get combat pay and are tax exempt. 




 Supposedly the rectal feedings conducted by the CIA torture program included hummus. 




 Still butthurt about the hummus Abdul? 




 I'll take the "ok with moderately abusing terrorists" vs "ok with murdering people for the wrong religion" stereotype any day. 




 Yea, I don't think we should be torturing anyone (even terrorists). However, when people say things like "All americans have blood on their hands" or "Now america has no credibility" and in the same breath say we shouldn't be judging muslims based on the actions of a few...I have to laugh. 




 See the thing is....purposely killing thousands of civilians vs mistreating several dozen terrorists is about ten orders of magnitude separate on the evil scale. Millions upon millions of muslims support terrorism against civilians in the name of islam. Our culture, while not perfect, is objectively superior. http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/07/01/concerns-about-islamic-extremism-on-the-rise-in-middle-east/pg-2014-07-01-islamic-extremism-10/ 




 No you are right. What I'm saying is western culture is objectively superior to middle-eastern/west-asian muslim culture. 




 Where'd you get that number? The senate report said the CIA held 119 detainees. 




 lol 




 Thats fine, I stigmatize middle-eastern and west-asian muslims all day long. 




 Thats nice, however I left the military long ago and the only one here with a mental illness is you. :) 




 LOL. Don't worry, if you kick the drugs one day you might get a real job with real responsibility and have to make tough choices.  




 No, it sounds more like they were just watching it happen. You generally aren't supposed to interfere with the actions of the local security forces because technically you are just there to "assist" them. Government forces would frequently just execute taliban after we turned them over to their custody. Their country, their rules. Colonialism isn't cool anymore. 




 That was allegedly by Iraqi guards. This is common in their culture. In Afghanistan I saw plenty of pedos up to no good. 




 Hey, the torture program was wrong. I'm not defending it. But how many people did we torture over a decade or so? A couple dozen? This moment, literally as I type this, Islamic Extremists are torturing more people than that. Not water boarding. Not sleep deprivation. Not rectal feeding. Not slapping and kicking. No, rather power tools and cut your dick off kind of torture. 




 You're saying we couldn't do it because we'd be hypocrites? Fuck, people do that shit all the time. We tell Iran they can't have nukes....we INVENTED nukes and we're the only people who have ever used them. 




 Why isn't ISIS a government? Because they don't hold elections? Because they acquire territory through application of force? How is it that the USA come to be? They are the sole source of authority in an area larger than many countries. They administer the areas the control. They may be an autocratic state but they are certainly a state. Literally hundreds of millions of muslims support the actions of ISIL/Al Nusra/Hamas/Al Quada/Taliban etc. You can judge the group that allows such things to happen or you can judge just those individuals personally responsible but you don't get to pick and choose when to do so. I don't support torture, by anyone, however the evils committed in recent years in the name of Islam and in the name of American foreign policy aren't even in the same galaxy.  




 Yea. And we would. Whatabousism isn't a valid defense when you are in the custody of your former enemies. Ask the Germans at Nuremberg. 




 just a small point, your first source has norway and switzerland listed as higher 




 If there were physicians overseeing interrogations and they are identified I wouldn't be at all surprised if they lose their license. 




 Hey, don't stigmatize a whole religion for the actions of a few hundred thousand people. Thats reserved for the USA because a few douchebags shoved hummus up a guys ass. 




 Yea...I bet they'll destroy their economies over some rectal feeding 




 oh the homoeroticism is strong in macho cultures
http://terminallance.com/2010/04/30/terminal-lance-34-its-already-gay/
http://terminallance.com/2012/09/04/terminal-lance-223-what-happens-in-the-field-stays-in-the-field/ 




 If we go to war with China I fully expect American service members to be tortured (as they were during the Korean War). I'm not defending torture, just objecting to the notion that following the rules of war in someway protect our people from torture.  




 I really, really, doubt it. I dunno about you but my experience with this has been in the infantry which is a very macho culture. 




 rape or beheading...I'll take the rape please...but seriously captured Americans will likely get both. 




 Do you really think anyone in the American Military that is captured by an Islamic extremist organization is going to be treated as a POW? 




 Totally true. Seen this happen to a kid that was faking heat stroke. 




 Do they have medical licenses? Did they take the Hippocratic oath? They are not medical doctors. 









 why, you wanna hire them to violate you? 




 It is common knowledge in America.  




 The jacked guy in the foreground is Tom Miller, Switzer's boyfriend who proceeded to deck Semple. 




 c'mon guys, coalition forces are the bad guys, right? right? 




 Lol "in a trailerpark"  




 It is possible that more than one media organization should be driven by profit motives to sensationalize the news. 




 I love how you got downvoted for pointing out the obvious holes in the assumption that this had to be a lynching. People want this to be a lynching so its gonna be a lynching, facts notwithstanding. 




 They also love Subaru wagons. I remember a terp asking me about cars in america. He was like, "If you want to buy 10 year old carolla, how much would it be? I said "I'm not sure, maybe around four thousand dollars." He was very sad and was like, "Oh, I could never pay for this." I then explained that this might be about 1/10th of a yearly salary for a middle class person and he cheered up. 




 Not really, plenty of white americans have been lynched. It just means an extrajudicial killing, typically by hanging. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/oct/09/-sp-north-carolina-teenager-suspicious-death-lennon-lacy

This is a picture of the crossbar.....it seems pretty easy to imagine how he could have got up on the beam. 




 They are false flag initiated by cops to increase their own salaries. ALWAYS  FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!!!!  --- What the protesters would say about any other topic. 




 "Protest against police pays for christmas shopping by police officers" 




 Just send Paulie and Furio over 




 Hey! I was there sept 2010 to march 2011. When I was there the area around Himmel was very quiet regarding small arms fire (only one incident) but there were still constant IED strikes in the western wadi where trucks had to cross from FOB Eddy.  Rasheed Gardens had a reputation based on what it was like when you were there, but we went through many times and never had a problem (even spent a few nights in their on ambush). The Taliban mostly stuck to the North, South, and East of the DC. If you went more then about 1-2KM in any of those directions you would get shot at. Within that perimeter there were still IED strikes, but like you said, they left coalition alone. They did hit patrols of ANA and ANP pretty close in a few times. We always thought it was kind of funny.....like we'd walk down a road 500 times and never have a problem...then you send some ANA down and all hell breaks loose. We heard you guys used to have a 105mm howitzer up on Roshan Tower for direct fire. There were still lots of holes in compounds along the eastern side of the eastern wadi as a reminder of this. 




 If the HBS guy hits a protester obstructing traffic on a bicycle with his BMW and then parks in front of a hydrant this city will burn.  




 Well I've seen it happen. Most ieds in afghanistan are HME consisting of powdered metals and fertilizer (not to go into too much detail) which is bullet sensitive. People in the USA market a similar produce for recreational target shooting. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUyQqJi1_DY 




 Points are goals+assists 




 If a bunch of anti-abortion protesters sat down in the middle of the road and blocked your bike race, would you be more or less likely to support their cause? 




 The idea that America destroyed Afghanistan's infrastructure in 2001 is literally the stupidest thing I have ever heard on reddit. 




 Depends on the type. Many IEDs will trigger via a gunshot. Sometimes they are rigged up in trees to rain shrapnel down. These are known as directional fragmentation charge IEDs. 




 Sometimes they do. We were watching some dude dig a hole outside our cop. Suddenly there is an explosion and a guy missing both hands shows up at our place looking for medical attention.....oops 




 No. They are using the term "land mine" loosely. Most of these are IEDs laid in my Taliban. There ARE tons of landmines left over from the Russian war but they are generally in unpopulated areas that people have largely abandoned or surface laid because there were air/artillery dropped. The real danger is the ieds laid in populated areas to target the coalition. 




 Because if you lay in mines you don't want anyone removing them. 




 That's offensive to real stupid people and their families. End the S word. 




 Cried like a bitch at the gun range over a girl....how much more unfit can you get? 




 US Marine here. Between 2010 and 2011 my battalion was conducting counter insurgency operations in and around Musa Qala in Helmand Province. I stayed at OP Himmel for a few weeks and it has always stuck in my mind because it was a really pretty position built in the "motte-and-bailey" tradition and it very neatly commanded a narrow pass between two wadis. At the time it was pretty quiet other then some IEDs but we were told it was wild back when it was a british position. Anyone pass some time there? 




 A very significant part of training these days is focused on winning hearts and minds and minimizing force even when under hostile fire. Wouldn't it be nice if cops had been shot at a bunch before by real bad guys with PKMs and RPGs so they don't panic and open up at the slightest provocation? 




 Well if they keep the cops happy with a legal bribe maybe the cops will be less likely to ticket them for violating hackney carriage laws.  




 Yea, or maybe it was the 3000 people Bin Laden killed and the Taliban refusing to hand him over. On second thought, no, a 12 year old article that quotes other news sources and an israeli peace activist probably holds the truth. How could we all be so blind?   




 That is how it is done in many other nations (with regard to federal training). I would suggest moving the officers whenever promoted to avoid familiarity. I don't think forcing cops to get a BS in math or science is doing anything other than contributing to our student debt crisis and degree value deflation. 




 Between 18,000-20,000 since 2001. Between 75%-80% killed by the Taliban according to Brown university and the UN. That would leave the coalition responsible for a max of 5000 civilian deaths over 13 years. The level of evidence is probably pretty similar to what you see in many american swat raids. 




 Didn't see one oil well in Afghanistan. 




 Yea, who wouldn't want a fairly well paying union job with good benefits vs Walmart.... 




 Don't you love it when civilians tell you how you are trained? 




 In the last decade or so soldiers have done A LOT of "protecting and serving" 




 The police is hardly a combative lifestyle. It's 99.9 percent giving tickets, driving around, and directing traffic. Most cops never fire their gun. Most combat vets realize this and the reason some become cops is because they know it is an easy job they are qualified for that pays fairly well. I'd be most worried about non vets that join the police and "want to go swat" from the beginning. 




 PAID OFF 




 Well that sounds better than "MW paid me 2 million dollars to say this." 




 I also think ex-soldiers, that where in combat, shouldn't be police officers.

Why? They probably have a better idea of what a reasonable use of force is than someone who signed up to carry a gun but was too afraid to go overseas. You might be surprised to know that the level of force to effect arrests in Afghanistan in the last 5 years is probably less than a swat raid in the USA. 




 I think they just shoot you 




 Their facebook is mostly fat old white dudes playing golf. https://www.facebook.com/pages/NEMLEC-Police-Foundation-Inc/337163706326925 




 Were the machine guns made before 1986? NO. Are suppressors, "assault weapons" or "high-capacity magazines" made post 1994 legal in MA? NO. Did they pay for a $200.00 tax stamp for the SBSs, SBRs, and flashbangs? NO. 




 How about 5 years in federal prison for every one of those illegal machine-guns, suppressors, short-barreled rifles, short-barreled shotguns, and flashbangs? Then 5 years in state prison for each one of those "assault-weapons and "high-capacity magazines." 




 Right over your head. 




 It's "let's pretend it's 2007 again" week for the democrats. 




 Don't forget, BAH for the GI bill is getting CUT 1%. 




 Hipster Fight! 




 I nominate you. See you on the beach. 




 Follow the advice of the other posters regarding meeting with your career councilor, getting your resume set, and applying NOW. As I said before, the UMass system in worcester may be an option for employment, and the cost of living is cheap (my friend pays 650 for a 1 bedroom). Alternatively living in JP with some roommates could cost about the same, give you easy T access (no car needed) to A LOT of jobs, and be a real way to get out of the rut it sort of sounds like you are in. I suppose the place probably wouldn't be as nice as your house, but living in a crappy apartment with roommates is kind of THE way a lot of people have the most fun in their youth. You'll meet a bunch of new people and maybe find some direction. 




 I suppose everyone would have been better off if we just let the USSR do what they wanted. 




 At this point I would say so. 




 Thanks, it is a critical skill for functional people people.  




 Don't you know...the USA is responsible for everything bad that ever happened. In fact, did you know that violence and racism were invented by republicans in 1945? Fuck, we live in the most peaceful time in history...which is pretty much exactly concurrent with the level of American dominance on the world stage.  




 Most of the world can't handle democracy. 




 I lot of teenagers think the USSR and the Cold War were just something made up by mean old republicans to abuse brown people. 




 Do you feel guilty? Funny...I don't. 




 Do you have the check from the bank/can you access it online? 




 Did he deposit the check? If he didn't, cancel payment, if he did you should be able to find out who he is. This is fraud, report it to the police. 




 It means fuuuuckkk you (spits tobacco).... 'Murica 




 NO, you get their natural resources, plus you still need arms to defend against incursions from surrounding areas.  




 Yea, or you could just limit it to men over 14. 




 If we had just executed all detainees in Iraq there wouldn't be ISIS either...Seriously, why give this guy a mouthpiece? True or not, everything he says publicly is specifically designed to hurt the west and boost his cause. 




 Watch your cornhole bud (I mean seriously they will force corn up your ass) 




 Harvard member as well. Too busy to do much shooting these days. 




 Have you looked into getting a full time job? Based on your posting history you live near Boston which has a pretty good job market. The cost of living is high but if you have roommates it wouldn't be too bad. You could enjoy "the prime of your life," build a resume, pay down your loans, and decide if going back to school is right for you. EDIT. Worcester may be a good option as well, with lower rent. The Umass Medical system has a lot of jobs that may fit your degree. 




 "condemn" the action, begin an independent investigation, ask to send UN representatives to US detention facilities, anything that could at least spark a reasoned debate....not proclaim things you have no ability to enforce and will never happen. 




 LETS DO THIS-LEEEEERROOY JENKINS!!! *flexes and shoots gun in the air 
























 Small correction, that first picture is Beacon Hill, not South Boston.  




 This is how doctors are trained. Just goes to show you can't make everyone happy. 




 sounds like he had you pegged 




 Psshhh, they were doing that in russia and china a long time ago. 




 from boston, can confirm 




 Good and bad is basically irrelevant. It's "mine" and "yours." 














 My parents (near retirement age) have far more than this saved. They both drive cars that are more than 10 years old and hardly ever go out to eat. My dad uses a prepaid cellphone from 7-11. My mom spends most of her time at work running a cash register. For them a 50 dollar dinner would be an extravagance. They may be "rich" in a global sense but it certainly doesn't look like it in their daily lives. 




 I support fully 




 I'll quote myself from another thread on this:
Doctors just can't win with opioids. 20 Years ago they were taking all kinds of flack for under-prescribing pain killers and not properly assessing pain. Now everyone accuses them of using too many opioids. Ten years ago they were getting flack for under-assessing pain in women and under-prescribing them opioids. Now they prescribe too many. How about let doctors treat the patient's pain to the patient's satisfaction and if that patient can't handle their meds responsibly it's their own fucking fault. All the opioid addiction hysteria is moronic. 




 It sounds like he was just walking around with a white coat and not actually meeting with patients. People were just assuming he was a doctor. He was also african american and I wonder if some people weren't suspicious but didn't want to be the guy who accused the black guy of not being a doctor if he did in fact turn out to be one. 




 It sort of seems like if you're a janitor and don't want an immigrant taking your job you are a xenophobic racist.....but if you're a software engineer and don't want an immigrant taking your job you're just protecting the American workforce. 




 The most disturbing thing on there is that younger people have a more favorable view of the NSA than older people. WTF. 




 I've been shooting guns since I was about five. It all depends on if there is proper supervision and an appropriate firearm. In this case there was neither and criminal negligence (IMO) occurred. 

This is the type of firearm in question https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SZ7cwzILBU

There is no way an 8 year old can be expected to control such a thing. I wouldn't trust an adult without a decent amount of training. 




 Doctors just can't win with opioids. 20 Years ago they were taking all kinds of flack for under-prescribing pain killers and not properly assessing pain. Now everyone accuses them of using too many opioids. Ten years ago they were getting flack for under-assessing pain in women and under-prescribing them opioids. Now they prescribe too many. How about let doctors treat the patient's pain to the patient's satisfaction and if that patient can't handle their meds responsibly it's their own fucking fault. All the opioid addiction hysteria is moronic. 




 That is largely bullshit. Yes the MCAS scholarship provides for free tuition, but at UMass Amherst for a resident the yearly tuition is $1714 while the fees (not covered by the scholarship) are $11544. 




 you have no reason to believe this man was sane 




 It's fucking bullshit. I went on a no-pants T ride and now I have to register with the state. 




 I'm all about free speech but when people like you say stupid stuff they should be sent to prison. 




 listen to yourself 




 Im not anti-gun by any means, but I am against handguns because 




 As long as we're speculating, maybe if the doctor had been allowed to have a firearm at work he could have defended himself (BWH bans firearms). Or maybe the scumbag had the drop on him and it wouldn't have mattered if he used a gun, knife, golf club, etc.  




 Yea, probably region dependent. Around here we have "electric vehicle parking" (no plug). It's to make it clear that they are "GREEN" and not a baby-shooting rethuglican. 




 The shooter also left a wife and bunch of kids to clean up his mess. What a piece of shit. 




 some would say by joining the military you are "earning it for yourself" 




 meh, it's the internet who gives a fuck. It's funny how no one ever says shit like this in person. 




 Why the fuck are there "veterans-only" spots? That's just some stupid shit. 
-a veteran 




 Is it too late to speculate wildly?

1) person whose spouse/child had bad outcome
2) jilted lover 




 I think Japan's full fury would be some very limited F-15 strikes because they would have to fly halfway across the world and do a bunch of aerial refueling. They have very limited offensive capability.  




 exactly, rich people LOVE paying for poor peoples kids 




 So can we catch them in nets, lock them up, and force them to take medication? 




 sounds like you do 




 This is kind of located out in the boonies of Worcester, I wish they could get more stuff like this going on down town or in the canal district. There are a lot of empty buildings/underutilized buildings. 




 Also Marine (just a grunt, not sniper)...yea the hollywood shit killed it for me. The best was when he decides to "go clear houses with Marines" and proceeds to start teaching them stuff during a gunfight. Like....thanks for abandoning your post, now we have no overwatch in exchange for a doosh who is using different SOPs than rest of the squad. Awesome.  




 Typical Massachusetts :/ 




 So the sum result of this stunt may be to increase the police powers of the state and make future, perhaps more reasonable, targeted protests increasingly costly. What a win. 




 I sit down to poop 




 I don't really know, the article seemed to imply that women without good access to bathing facilities where at higher risk for GU infections during their menses. Baby wipes are good for the bits, though I imagine cleaning man bits is easier. 




 Your "buddies opinion," what a cop-out you coward.  




 Thats the funny thing

Middle class white guy on his way to work in finance: "Hey boss, some retards blocked the pike so I'm gonna be late" Boss: "No problem Jim."

Poor hispanic guy on his way to construction site: "Hey boss, I'm stuck in traffic because of a protest" Boss: "Not my problem dipshit, I'm docking your pay for the morning and if this happens again you're done!" 




 Man for a someone so concerned about the downtrodden you certainly have a proclivity for snobby, generalizing statements about people you don't know. 




 Rambo 4 was way better. 




 No shit......that was the worst part of the movie. It would have been better if they had reduced the number of guys he was facing by a factor of 10. 




 Uh, not really much to share. Didn't have any kind of running water or tubs so we used baby wipes and bottled water. It sucked cause it was the winter most of the time. Striping down and scrubbing with bottled water in 30 degrees isn't fun. We smelled bad, but you got used to it after a while.  




 He makes stupid people feel smart. It's his schtick. He has exactly 5 first author publications in research journals. He is more of an entertainer than a scientist.  




 The great thing about America is that you don't have to go to the doctor if you don't want to. 




 Or Bill Clinton for that matter 




 One of the less acknowledged limitations to woman serving in combat roles. In Afghanistan I literally went 6 months without a shower. 




 The author isn't even that attractive, middle of the road for OKC in a big city at best (we have a mutual friend). FWIW my much more attractive girlfriend took the initiative and messaged me. I don't think any sane guy sees it as a sign of desperation. From my perspective the best dates I went on were always with girls that were actually enthusiastic about dating. They didn't want to chat back and forth for days. I'd just send my first message asking them out and they would say yes. The wishy washy ones always ended up sucking. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgwkuVWITFo#t=164

This is what explosive breaching was invented for 




 Updating.........Updating......... 




 I think that photo may just be a joke because of the ineffective gags. 




 aww, white didn't get a capital letter :( 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYX7KVEtfLo

I really like this one for the Ukranian military 




 I am very sorry for your loss. Has it been officially ruled a suicide? There could be important life insurance implications if it is suicide vs an accident. 




 I'd say Europeans spend a whole lot more time criticizing the USA about its healthcare laws and gun laws than American spend criticizing Europeans laws. Most Americans don't know or give a shit. 




 God bless America 




 Comparing it in absolute terms is stupid because salaries vary between states. 




 What the fuck does that have to do with Canada in WW2?

 




 It's a war. Shit happens. 









 Don't respond to anyone in DTX 




 Poor bastard is a murder.....thats all ANYONE knows about him now....so fuck him 




 "One to screw in the bulb, one to hold the camera, and 19 to scream 'Allahu Akbar!!!'" 




 Nothing meaningful will happen. Thanks public sector unions!! 




 I assure you that members of the REAL military (ie. Infantry, Armor, Arty, Engineers, etc.) are for the most part embarrassed by such bullshit. They're also being paid at about 1/10 the rate of the BPD. 




 oddly hush hush 




 When these two are in agreement it is pretty clear the police have fucked the pooch. 




 That's different, they're trying to show off their achievemnt 




 afgans sit to piss 




 Good shoot. Hopefully Jawaad's buddies get charged with felony murder. 




 So you're blaming it on black people? 




 Absolutely. When you create conditions in which a leader fears to leave office to an opposing party due to possible prosecution you set yourself up for a bad situation. 
Source: Most of Asia, Africa, South America, Eastern Europe 




 it's a very white state 




 No. Military is for stupid people. Smart people bitch about their college loans and shitty jobs on reddit... 




 So they should be good outside of 1000 meters, right? 




 I wish a bunch of asian americans could get together and make sitcom about an asian american family on a HBO or something. It would hilarious. 




 If they want more attention could I suggest setting stuff on fire? 




 The funny part is that the residents are probably the ones that preformed the surgery. Running to an attorney is definitely a good first step. American healthcare in a nutshell ladies and gents. 




 Why would you lie to your doctor about your medical history? If you don't think you can speak frankly with your physician, find another one. 




 of course if no one allowed residents in, we wouldn't have doctors anymore :( 




 I wonder what she signed. 




 Yup, that was definitely the blown to shit place in the green zone. We were told never to go inside because supposedly it had a bunch of UXO. I took this pic nearby http://imgur.com/z0UGqSP I also had some jerk toss a frag at me in that neighborhood.  




 Where was PB Woqab in relation to the DC? We didn't have a position named Woqab when I was there. Our positions consisted of OP Himmel, OP Lakeside (across the west wadi from Himmel), the DC, PB Habib (north of DC in the city), Roshan Tower, PB Kunjak (East of DC in the middle of a wadi), and PB Griffin and OP Panda Ridge (both north of PB Habib and I think built after the Brits left.) There was also "Post 6" which was a huge hesco fort built out east of the DC and run by the ANA, and an abandoned compound near a bridge in the green zone that had been blown all to hell (the locals said the british used it for a base). 




 This is bullshit. We've bled enough for Iraq. This time the mission should be colonization. If America has to go in there again we get the land and the oil. There's our way, and there's Saddam's way at this point. 




 They would run shit 




 Like with axes? 




 It worked during WW2 




 An argument against cultural relativism if I ever saw one. 




 And thousands of hipster voices cried out from the abyss... 




 If he's gonna get all huffy about definitions he is wrong. It was a "flashbang" or stun grenade. A concussion grenade is a military weapon designed to produce lethal effects without fragmentation. 




 http://cryptome.org/info/ak01/pict29.jpg

American B52s pound Taliban positions in the early stages of Operation Enduring Freedom 




 http://carryingthegun.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/iraq-shock-and-awe.jpg

Shock and Awe 2003 




 http://i.imgur.com/26rIP2A.jpg

Marines cross the Diyala Bridge during the invasion of Iraq. Some pretty incredible pictures of the battle in this album. http://www.garyknightphotography.com/index.php#mi=2 pt=1 pi=10000 s=22 p=1 a=0 at=0 




 Highway of Death, first Gulf War. I'd say this is probably the previous generation. 




 What does it explain?  




 As does south korea 




 Wormtown is opening a big taproom in worcester pretty soon 




 Wow its crazy that telecom is so low. Also, they have Hospital and Healthcare....what does that mean? 




 This is so true. 









 shaddup abdul 




 yea....that's reddit for you 
























 I'll just drive. 




 The state graph was to show that STATEWIDE public transportation usage is only about 300k. The Boston graph shows 1/3 of approx 300k daily commuters use public transport (ie. approx 100K). There are about 3 million commuters in the state. The point being that arguments about Millions or even 500K commuters using the MBTA are completely false. If people want to raise the gas tax to pay for the MBTA instead of raising fares, it is pretty relevant that 80% of state commuters drive and far less than 10% use the T. $2.10 to ride from Braintree to Alewife or Oak Grove plus a bus transfer is a pretty outragious deal. 




 Oh well, there are still zipcar, cabs, Uber, and bikes right? 




 I know right? Too funny. 









 Wow, the legal system moves swiftly in Korea. 




 I bet they give up... 




 Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA)
 Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.

Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future

 In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png
http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png
UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters 




  Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination

Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or
cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for
customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children
and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson
ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not
immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in
the future

I'm directly quoting the MBTA, if they mean each time someone pays a fare it certainly doesn't sound like it. Like I said above, the FEDs say only 300k people commute using public transpo in the whole state.

 




 this is my favorite reddit comment ever 




 Or invest in a fare-by-distance program. 




 1% sales tax increase in Suffolk County dedicated solely to the MBTA, 20% fare hike, MBTA shifted to 401k from pension system. Fare-by-distance program. $5,000 dollar fine for fare jumping. 




 They get paid well. You need to be a resident of the city to have any chance of getting hired. You then will take a test and be ranked by your score (it is very easy). Disabled veterans and veterans will be ranked above you. The list is very long and there are A LOT of disabled vets and vets so if you don't meet those criteria your chances are slim to none. 




 wrong 




 Huh, that's funny, I've done it many times. 




 it's probably counting each ride ie. you get on the green-line, transfer to red, and then take that same way home = 4 "riders" 




 Good on them for actually getting some training and practicing. Just buying a gun for security and not learning to properly employ it is not a wise decision. If you're female and looking to shoot I would try to find reviews of ranges/trainers from female shooters. Some trainers can be kind of patronizing to female shooters and steer them towards ineffective firearms and may focus more on flirting than actually training. 




 They should start crowd funding to test them. Maybe make a website where they post convictions that result from their donations. 




 I don't think standard protocol involves turning over your weapons to a rebel militia. 




 This isn't about facts anymore. It's about feelings.  




 12 million is less than 1% of the MBTAs budget and our state has a 700 million dollar shortfall.  




 they are wrong 
Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png 




 WRONG Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png
 




 Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each
time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination. 

In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts.
http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png 




 In Boston? where the more people commute via cars than mass transit. 80% of commuters in the state drive, 3% use the T. 




 No congestion on the T? Have you ever used the T? More riders means more trains which means more wear and tear. If the 100,000 daily Boston MBTA riders were joined by the 130,000 daily Boston drivers it would destroy the system much more severely than a few storms. The only about 1/3 of MBTA service (excluding debt costs) is covered by fares. There is no reason to assume increased fare receipts would outweigh increased costs associated with more ridership.  




 Egypt, Syria, Libya, Yemen. Remember when everyone was cheering about the Arab Spring? 




 20 cents? Oh gee golly, that would buy you about 500 million. 




 who the fuck is scott baker? 




 It is give and take, but the fact is that the vast majority of people in Massachusetts commute by car, even the majority of people commuting into Boston. Saying "We're gonna raise taxes on 80% of commuters to pay for a service 4% of commuters use" is not the way to get things done. 




 My point was that if you're going to try to sell a revenue program, tying the people who pay for it with the people who benefit is the greatest recipe for success. The repeal may not have won out west, but the index was sold as paying for bridges and highways, not the MBTA.  




 My point was that you cannot say "the T helps drivers by reducing congestion on the roads" without conceding that drivers help the MBTA by reducing congestion on the T. My point about MBTA fares was that raising the gas tax solely to pay for the MBTA would be just as unpalatable for drivers, as raising fares and using the funds to solely pay for roads would be to MBTA riders. Indexing the gas tax would save about a max of 100 mil a year (not all of which would go to the MBTA by the way), whereas my proposal of 1% income tax earmark and 20% fare increase would raise about 300 mil. It would also actually come from the people using the service. Never mind getting the spending on pensions and salary under control. Interestingly, payments for materials, supplies and service rise at 6.3% annually while pensions rise at 8.2% and wages rise at 14.2%. 




 If you think T shutting down for a few days during the worst snowfall in recorded history is going to destroy the state's economy you need to calm down. If you want to tie tolls to the region served, fine by me, but don't think you are going to fix the T's problems with the gas tax price indexing. My point was that tying the revenue to the region that is actually served by the MBTA has a lot more chance of success than selling the idea of a universal tax hike. 




 Only about 1/3 of the MBTA's debt is from the big dig (say 130 mil a year) They take in over 800 million in revenue from the sales tax earmarks they received in exchange for this debt. Interestingly, debt service for the MBTA is falling at about 4.5% a year. Meanwhile materials, supplies and service rise at 6.3%, pensions rise at 8.2%, and wages rise at 14.2% 




 And people driving reduces the burden on the MBTA. Try convincing people in Pittsfield that they should pay more for the MBTA. 20% of ALL STATE SALES-TAX already goes to the the MBTA. Increasing fares and sales tax in Suffolk (and perhaps Norfolk and Middlesex) counties would put the burden on those who most benefit from the MBTA. If the state-highway system begins to fail to meet its obligations, you won't find me arguing about raising tolls, the gas tax, or sales-tax out outlying counties. Would you support raising MBTA fares to pay for highways in western mass? That's a lot what all this gas-index stuff sounds like. Besides, if the legislature wants to raise the gas tax they can do it. 




 Lots of blame being thrown around these days but not a whole lot of solutions. A few basic thoughts: raise sales-tax 1% in Suffolk county with a 100% earmark for the MBTA, raise fares 20%, shift the MBTA to a 401k from a pension. 




 It was not an exaggeration, it was a lie about a first-hand account for personal benefit. A news reporter's number one job is supposed to be truthful reporting of the news. He deliberately reported something that HE KNEW TO BE FALSE. Why are you defending him? 




 Beverly Scott is doing everything she possibly can, Baker said

He wants to reduce the MBTA budget because of the 700 million dollar state budget deficit. He wants to cut 14 million (or less than 1%) of the 1,932 million MBTA budget. 




 Still sore huh?  




 I believe her too, but she doesn't report to Baker.  




 she's trying to save her job 




 wrong here's a picture of a terrorist killed in an airstrike NSWF obviously

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Musab_al-Zarqawi#mediaviewer/File:Zarqawi_dead_us_govt_photo.jpg 




 But all these numbers really tell us is that more people are using marijuana at some point in the days or weeks before they drive. With legalization fully underway in several states, there's nothing surprising about this. 

they don't have an effective measure of "highness" so this study is meaningless. No shit someone who smoked two weeks ago is less dangerous than someone who pounded 10 beers 5 minutes ago. To imply that somehow driving while high is less of an impairment than driving while drunk is irresponsible at best. 




 raise sales-tax 1% in suffolk county with a 100% earmark for the MBTA, raise fares 20%, shift the MBTA to a 401k from a pension 




 You'll never have to wonder if you made a difference for the rest of your life. 




 I think they should just increase MBTA fares 




 I LOL'd 




 maybe?
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=9a2_1423433645 




 not capitalism, over-regulation 




 Is "cunt" a work no one can say now? 




 As matters now stand, he wrote, we appear to be treating the Jews as the Nazis treated them except that we do not exterminate them.

Hmmm. That appears to be a rather large distinction 




 they've seen what left-wing ideology taken to the extreme gets you 




 You're 100% right 




 I kinda like this guy 




 Damn, that reporter is scared shitless. I don't blame him. 




 In time of war the USA allows the same, after conviction via court-martial 




 Pharrell has aged really well 




 Damn that kid is brave to go in there. 




 It's just an unfortunate truth. It isn't to say that war and rape and the resulting PTSD aren't real (they are and impact TONS of people) but it seems as though the more publicity seeking the "victim" is, the more likely it all turns out to be bullshit. In other words, the "squeaky wheel" is often a liar. Such people do a real disservice to the real victims. 




 Its the new cool thing, men lie about war for attention so they can be part of the PTSD victim class, women lie about college rape for basically the same reason.  




 Honest question, how is medical education financed in the UK? 




 Boston had 40.2 inches in the last 7 days and Worcester had  51.5, anyone know if Worcester broke its 7 day record? 




 As much as as I support all manner of vaccines, I can't help but think that the recent backlash will probably only reenforce the false beliefs that anti-vaxxers already have. The constant "you're stupid," "I hope your kids get sick," "you should be arrested for child abuse," bombardment most likely just hardens people's opinions. Non-judgmental education would probably be much more persuasive....but fuck this is America in the 21st century. What is something worth if you can't call people stupid on facebook. 




 How much should she ask for? 500 dollars? 




 Send them drones. We could have their operators fly them from the USA. Great for targeting artillery, as well as striking GRADs and SAM sites. They're cheap and don't contain tech that is super secret at this point. We'd lose a lot to SAMs but such is life. 




 Make sure to tell the Mayor and your legislative leaders as well

http://www.cityofboston.gov/contact/?id=55
https://malegislature.gov/People/Profile/RAD1
https://malegislature.gov/People/Profile/SCR0 




 look at all those people trying to not interact with anyone 




 Hep C also causes cirrhosis and is very prevalent in the junkie community 




 We should hand out heroin at CVS and ban naloxone. I don't know why taxpayers pay money to save the lives of junkies who we will continue to subsidize until they die of cirrhosis in their 50's. 




 The VAST majority of people the people prescribed opioids legally never become addicted and most addicts did not start with a legal prescription. I have had numerous opioid prescriptions in the past for injuries and surgeries. Never became addicted because I followed doctor's instructions and I'm not a weak bitch (you are correct, some people are  built differently, they're called pussies and they become addicts). I am sincerely glad every time a piece of shit junkie dies because it saves myself and other taxpayers from paying for their bullshit. Its funny, not a single person I have known in my personal life has EVER become an addict, and yet I deal with them professionally every day. If your friends end up junkies it probably reflects on you more than anything else. 




 Neither do I. Don't hang with white-trash townies. 




 Agree 100% 




 Absolutely not. They should assume zero responsibility for this. How about holding the fucking stupid drug addicts responsible for their own actions and not punishing the millions of people with legitimate pain that get relief through opioids every year and have no problem. 




 Batch cut with Fentanyl 




 Does it make you uncomfortable? 




 When I fail I don't make excuses. Perhaps your parents taught you differently. 




 That's not insight, those are meaningless internet credentials from some POG with a sob story and a worthless degree. 




 You sound like you have a lot of experience. Share with me your medical and military insight. 




 Never, I'm not a weak person. Many people are. Women that fuck up something and then blame their period definitely are. 




 Man, this professional athlete was just in that 0.001%? WOW. Now, to be serious here, I agree with you. The majority of women can function just fine on their period. That's a pretty good reason not to blame your failures ON YOUR period. It goes pretty far towards confirming, in the minds of some, negative stereotypes about women. TL:DR if you want to be thought of as an equal don't blame your failure to perform on your menstrual cycle. 




 In real life sometimes desk jockeys have to play soldier too. It would be better to just ban women with a history of PMS altogether.  




 In a test of physical strength that is pretty much universally accepted. Now apparently women are incapable of carrying out their normal duties several days of the month. Good to know.  




 Ure gonna require all women in the military get a shot or implant? I'd be all for that but I can't say I believe most women would. 




 Laws have nothing to do with it. I postulate that while if we removed the consequence for murder, there might be a small increase in homicide but most people would still restrain themselves. If everyone was supposed to self report their taxable income and there were no consequences for lying do you honestly believe there would not be massive fraud? 




 So if she doesn't get her pill she's not going be mission capable? No go. 




 If it was smoking-cessation no one would bat an eye. 




 If it is equal to a medical emergency (testicular torsion) or surgery (vasectomy) and happens every month wouldn't than mean that ovulating women are intrinsically weaker and less fit than men? I wouldn't want to hire/go into combat with/elect someone like that. Besides, this is after the fact. If she had said she wasn't feeling well BEFORE the match and cancelled no one would second guess her. If a man did poorly and then said afterward that he had blue balls or jock itch everyone would laugh at him.  




 Agree 100% 




 This article is framed as a woman, supported by a man, having greater freedom to pursue her passion. This is an issue, however, that isn't really related to gender at all. It is the recognition of the fact that money gives one the freedom to pursue passions that might otherwise fall the wayside. This is something that really needs to be drummed into the heads of kids these days. There is a whole lot of lip service to "Follow your dreams!!" but the reality is that many passions like sports, music, and art rarely turn into a lucrative career. When a middle class kid proclaims that they are going to be a poet, someone shouldn't tell them to pursue it at any cost, but rather encourage them and temper the encouragement with advice to develop a more conventional source of income. If someone wants to be a starving artist, good on them, but it should be made clear from the start that this is what where they are likely to end up if they follow their passion to the exclusion of all others. 




 In Worcester of all places! I think this has to do with overall parking availability. In places where there is always SOMEWHERE you can park so long as you shovel (ie Worcester, Rozzie(?)) space savers may have a place. In areas where parking is ALWAYS severely limited (Southie), it just privatizes a public resources and wastes everyone's time. I wonder if the culture of space savers could date to a time where the parking situation in Southie was more similar to that in Worcester. 




 The same could be said for our system of taxation. That said, I don't believe in space savers....BUT I don't think the only thing that keeps it in place is fear. I won't move a saver after a huge storm because I respect the effort to shovel the space out. If someone just throws it down for a dusting I'll probably move it and park there....though in that case a fear of vandalism does play a role in my decision making.  




 Estimates vary, I was going with a lower estimate of 1 million. Still, it should be noted that the soviets killed about 100000 civilians a year while NATO killed roughly 400 civilians a year with more troops in country (at peak) and achieving a greater degree of success. Something to remember whenever "whataboutism" rears its head. 




 They were/are, I was using the offensive meaning of mongoloid 




 Well during the soviet occupation of Afghanistan roughly 100,000 civilians were killed per year. During the following civil war period roughly 40,000 civilians were killed per year. During the NATO occupation roughly 1,400 civilians were killed per year. Of those, 1/4 were killed by NATO troops. If you were to speculate that without NATO intervention the civil war period would have continued (14X40000)-(14X1400)= you would conclude that over half of a million Afghan civilian lives were saved by NATO intervention. 




 Actually the NATO occupation of Afghanistan has created the most peaceful environment for civilians in Afghanistan in the last 35 years. 




 GI Bill 




 And all this bullshit couldn't stop a couple of mongoloids with a history of extremistism and some fireworks from blowing up the marathon. This shit had nothing to do with public safety and everything to do with control. 




 It would be nice if people just took responsibility to shovel their own shit and not fuck someone over. I spent several hours shoveling out my car in 4-5 ft drifts here in Worcester.  I did NOT leave a space saver. When I came back at the end of the day no one had taken it, but some people had shoveled out new spots for their own cars. Same thing happened again today, no space saver, no one took my spot. I figured pay it forward and shoveled out another space. 




 It only snows in Boston a dozen or so times a year. Africans slaughter each other every day. 




 The funny thing is that in this case the retards that refuse to listen to science are generally a bunch of liberal hippy types.......evolution and climate change on the other hand...bunch of bible nuts. Just shows that most people are morons in their own special way. (not me of course, I'm the exception) 




 I figured out that tweezers fit an outlet at about 2. Lesson learned. OP should remove the guards so his kid can learn. 




 Somebody's GF banged an army guy.... 




 There is a TV show about the women at Bletchley Park on netflix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bletchley_Circle 




 Yup, Boston spends more per pupil than Wellesley, Lexington, or Brookline. The truth is that SES and racial educational outcome gaps will never go away until the parenting gap is closed. The parenting gap will never be closed because it is not politically feasible.  
























