





























 Fan diddley tastic 




 Thanks :) me too 





























 Thanks for the comments. I think it may be the stained glass piece that came from the music hall 




 lol Motionblur!
 





























 I can understand your position. .and can also see that you are missing my point. 




 Great work, I'm hoping to get to Detroit still this year 




 Bah...I just think its dumb when I state that I don't wish to share a location in my own post and some twit decides to ignore my wishes and drop names.

I do agree...let them get in and caught..if you get caught you're not doing it right.

Thanks for the comment...great flickr feed btw!  




 The story will come with the additional pics I share, have you seen the amount of dicks that are spray painted on the walls in there and all the other idiotic graffiti?  How does that make you feel as a local?

If I can help keep a few idiots out of the place by keeping it a secret than I've done my job.  Any legitimate urban explorer who knows how to do research can figure out where this is and plan their visit - there is no need to name drop locations - you just put them even more at risk. 




 ok ok maybe I overreacted!
 




 Wow - you've got some nerve. 




 Certainly! 




 Sorry, don't give out locations 



























































 hahahaha 17 up votes and 17 downvotes!!

Toronto loves and hates bird shots! 




 wow, you guys have taught me more about the Warbler in 6 hours than I have learned in my entire life!!!!!  haha

Thanks :) 




 Great idea!!

www.freaktography.ca

 




 woo hoo! 




 it was weird...he just stood there :( 




 I knew they wouldn't do anything for a little bird, so I gently moved him over to the side so as to not get stepped on or picked up by a dog out on a walk 
























 I post a story about a (now) abandoned home in an "urban exploring" section of reddit...and you guys are complaining about trespassing and B E??  

You guys are in the wrong section if you're whining about those two things here... 














 very cool! 




 haha...I love the downvotes...like who downvotes a nice simple photo of an empty baseball park!! 




 Thanks alll! 




 hahahaha nice! 




 lol hahahah 


































 very cool 














 arent you a witty one :P 




 hahaha funny guyeteria 




 amazing! 




 This was taken at the Hyatt Boston Harbor - excellent views of the city from across the harbor! 




 well, up until about 2 weeks ago there was a gaping hole at the back where they were doing demo...but I hear they have since closed up any and all holes...so you're out of luck :( 




 Camera 	Nikon D3200
Exposure 	25
Aperture 	f/5.6
Focal Length 	18 mm
ISO Speed 	200

:) 









 Oh Chippah.. 




 Three Dee, the guy was actually sleeping..as the story goes.  He woke up and realized what had happened and his quote is How far away must one sit to be safe in this park?" lol 









 ugh...that gave me shivers 









 Very cool find 
























 lol - there is lots in the area 




 true! 




 It's hit and miss really!  Luck and timing 




 EASY AS PIE! 




 THANK YOU! 




 Nope :( NY 




 Thanks!!! 




 apologies, thanks for letting me know 




 excellent!!  very cool 
























 lololo, Great Comment, thanks 




 Thanks!! 




 Excellent shot 




 Check out my website, [train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca) recently launched.  Lots of pics of Urban Exploring and Rooftopping with some Street Photography and a blog of my explores!!

Thanks

[train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca)

 




 lol. nope! 









 Thanks! 












































 This is killer! 














 Lol 







































 excellent!!  well done and great location 




 very cool 












































 Oh shit - sorry I didn't realize I had already posted this specific shot.  After the popularity of yesterdays post I wanted to share more of the place.

My bad - wasn't intentional
 



















 My set is called "When the Music's Over" from The Doors song.  I've named the set that because the woman who lived here had a vast music collection as well as a number of instruments and an amazing old Gramophone 




 Yup - that's what I did, then I put it all back where I found it 



















 I've thought about that - but what causes most dust?  Human tissue, hair etc - this home has none of that anymore and nothing to stir it up.  Aside from a small hole in the roof in one room, this house is sealed up from any elements
 




 It's well sealed and preserved and has only been visited by a handful of people 




 Thanks :) 




 ah did! 




 I did :P They are eating this up! 




 thats very cool! 




 same 




 hah there is, and they're all over it!

http://www.reddit.com/r/wicked_edge/ 




 Many other pics here

http://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157637596393633/

or here

https://www.facebook.com/train_subject246

I am updating new pics every day

 




 yes - i did stage the shot to show the cool items that I found, then I put them all back! 




 sorry dude :P 




 I've been trying to piece it all together. Pretty sure the man of the house died in the late 90's and the house has been abandoned about 13 years. Most of the oldest shit was upstairs, lots of old stuff downstairs too though! 




 haha 




 I know I know!! 




 They are fake plants - green yes...but fake 

















































 Thank you. 




 Just me and a friend 




 Empty walls is from the large white house that I over processed 




 Didn't catch the brand but its acoustic 




 Sorry rather not say 




 By luck! 




 I found two of those KFC piggy banks in there!!  That's some old shit! 




 I thought the same thing - then I checked and it;s just a door to a hallway that leads from the kitchen :( 




 Thanks!!!! 




 Your roommates would be lots of raccoons and you would be picking raccoon shit for months - it's everywhere!!! 




 I'm certainly considering it - while it's not up to me to bring the family back in touch with what's rightfully theirs - I kind of want to.

There is an early 20th century turntable in there, the kind with the big wind up arm on the side - easily worth a mint! 




 It was incredibly sad and we never knew what was next, what was around the corner or what was inside a drawer! 







































 Genesee Road just south of hwy 219 




 hahaha thanks!  It caught your eye right?? 




 Not a touch of HDR in this shot 
























 Milton Ontario 




 Milton Ontario 




 I dont know what that says.....but thanks :) 







































 Thanks PenName, appreciate the feedback this is how I am able to learn and improve.   

















































 Thanks everyone! 




 Thank You! 




 Thanks all! 




 Thanks all! 

















































 nope...New York 





























 Thisaintnoparty - I was planning to hit that one too, but I noticed a camera pointing right in the area where I would have walked by when inside 




 yes, that's correct Canadave

ISTFM - you gotta be sneaky! 







































 Nope, that's a raw file with some tweaks to colour, shadows etc - no fancy edits to this one. 
























 It was around 1995 when it closed and hell yes - definitely wore a good respirator for this one!! 




 1995ish 






















































 Thanks for the comment.yes there's many features in these old places that would look great in a home 



























































 Thanks. It was a great night...cold as shit when I was facing the lake...but still a great time 




 This the standard Nikon kit lens 




 This is pretty much right off my chip except for some subtle tweaks to colours. That's the great thing about long exposure. .you don't need much edits if done right. 




 Great shot, that's actually the same one I was on - the shorter of the two, right?  I was trying to get onto the taller one but the stairwell I found ended up being the smaller one - on my way down I found where I should have gone!  Oh well, maybe next time! 




 "The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself"  :P 




 Thank You!!! 




 one of them, yes :P 




 Downtown Toronto  




 I prefer to keep them as secret as I can to preserve them for others to enjoy 





























 Yes, I have been through the entire property except for up the main terminal 




 thank you 




 Its fake 




 Thanks! 




 I was in here for over 4 hours when I took these photos and I really didn't even scratch the surface.  There were dozens upon dozens of old photo albums and personal items.  There were so many rooms and closets and cubbys that it would literally take a week to enjoy it all and take it all in..

As for napping - the house is now infested with Raccoons and the whole house is covered in raccoon feces......so I'll leave that with you to consider :P 



















 I agree its not abandoned - but a walk through anything other than the main station certainly looks like something out of Life After People!! 




 I agree its not abandoned - but a walk through anything other than the main station certainly looks like something out of Life After People!! 




 Thanks, this is from a Nikon d3200, just subtle edits to tones really - nothing much, 
































































 It's a cat.  I've seen it since and now all the fur is gone - it is most definitely a cat.  I though the same thing up until I saw it again. 




 someone's gotta do it :P 
































































 Great work as always! 




 It's either flickr or how I processed it.  I tried some different stuff here 
























 It's a play on words grumpelstilsken!!  The statue is a bird! 





























 Thanks. I do appreciate comments like this. Its a constant reminder to pay attention to the details
 




 Hahaha 




 no, from right up on the roof! 




 thanks for the clarification, I had no idea! 




 Thanks all - I had no idea that a "grotesque" existed! 




 hahah I keep getting corrected on that, I had no idea! 




 Thanks, I had no idea!  cool! 





























 You're just grumpy! 






















































 haha thanks! 




 canada :P 




 hell ya 




 well thanks! 









 you win an upvote! 




 hah thanks! 




 hah ya it is, I wanted to unscrew the bulb!! 
























 yes its being restored...we part of it is! 




 smarty pants! 




 see below! 




 Ya You Do! 




 Thank YOU for viewing! 




 patience!!! 




 wow, great detail and future outlook,  thanks for sharing 
























 thanks for the feedback! 




 ya!!!!   












































 Ya I already posted it - i'm a dumbass!!!

my badz 



















 Its location is only known by few 
























 love finding places with old pillars!! 




 thanks! 




 aint it tho! 




 woot! 


































 nice! 




 excellent 
























 spencer smith park 




 coburg 




 lol 




 lol then you hate me!!  this is real :) 




 Thank you~ 














 Thanks! I took this at the end of September 










































































 there you go mofo! 



























































 The Morgue! 
























 its in ontario canada 












































 toronto, not the one you may be thinking off the qew 






















































 this was pretty recent, so if you have a chance you should go for it :) 





























 thanks 




 www.facebook.com/train_subject246 there's lots more there! 




 hah why not? 

















































 you have no idea!!  lol

we literally spent an entire day! 




 noooooope 




 you just gotta do it! 




 Its a dangerous place to be alone, but I would love to do that some time.  We spent just over 7 hours inside, unfortunately no film sets though 




 you are correct 

















































 Thank You, this night the Northern Lights were supposed to be viewable in Ontario - but not in Toronto that's for sure! 




 I really don't care about the downvotes or people like "lilfunky1" and their negative comments! I'm just happy to supply new fresh content and give people something to enjoy for a second or two!

Thanks for your comment! 




 1 - Really? Is that all I post?
http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject246/?count=25 after=t1_ceoenas

2 - Great, are you glad to have pointed that out? 




 hah thanks!  This toronto sub is a tough crowd to please! 




 I sure did! 


































 Well isn't that nice :P 


































 It's in Buffalo, not fully abandoned.  You can get a tour of the main building but you have to find your own way into the rest of the buildings 


































 Yes we did, we placed everything back after.  I don't always do set up shots this elaborate, I normally just shoot as I find it, but sometimes it's good to a have a little bit of fun!! 




 Hi, I don't batch edit, I do one pic at a time. I will eventually post more from this place 




 Set of three fun themed shots here

http://imgur.com/a/2bole 



















 lolol 




 No - I post a picture a day, from a variety of locations.  They might be from the same place a few days in a row, or they may not.

My only error here is adding links in my descriptors. 




 seems 128 upvoters don't seem to mind that I happen to have a link in my post on imgur.

regardless, I won't add that link in future posts. 




 me to, lots of emotions and thoughts when exploring! 




 I'm not in it for the stuff, I have seen some incredibly valuable stuff in these places and it has taken some serious will power to not take some of it! 




 you reddit people sure are miserable crusty mother fuckers 




 Lady died earlier this year. Looked like the family took what they wanted and left the rest behind and the house is in an area of future development so will likely be demo'd 




 stay tuned :) 




 haha, we set up the shot with shit we found around the house 



















 it sure can 




 this was in january this year 




 thanks! 




 wow thank you! 





























 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157643791700635/ 




 wrong 




 Thank You 


































 what does that even mean??  sorry I don't speak reddit 





























 look for a building
go to the top
push door
 - if locked, leave and find another one
 - if not locked - go outside!!!

Rule - don't fall!! 




 Me...if it's locked, I go and find another building 




 Some are locked, some are not - it's hit and miss 




 It's hit and miss, many buildings have locked roof access, some don't however, most hate two or more stairwells so if the first one doesn't provide access - try the next one. 




 good eye! 




 Do you say that every time you see someone take a photo of a bird, or flowers or nature? Do you say that when people take photos of children?

Give me a break,, its a genre just like those i mention above 




 lolol good one!!! 




 there it is!!!! 




 for the love of Pete! 


































 I wanna say you're wrong...

but you're not - you are right!!! 




 Thank You! 
























 You's a smart one Crazy Monkey!!!!!! 




 You really are the smartest!!! 




 negatory 


































 My fav shot of the year

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15574342528/in/photostream/lightbox/ 




 I would have to say this one, because it's outside of my usual genre or decay/urban exploring

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15574342528/in/photostream/lightbox/ 
























 No, Burlington. 




 I agree! 




 Great Place! 




 Nice, thanks!  This place is seriously messed up. 
























 si! 




 Canada 




 nope, its in Ontario Canada :( 
























 yes! 




 cool find!! 




 niiice! 




 great stuff 




 great work 




 very nice 




 love this place 




 awesome! 




 Yep. You probably did 




 I dont plan to 












































 wow, sorry to hear! 




 this is cool! 




 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157642290947723/ 




 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157642290947723/ 




 somewhere in Hamilton area - dont remember where tho :( 




 I found it in an abandoned house 





























 It's a pretty good camera, it was dark as shit up there, this is a 30 second exposure.  Had a great time shooting this late at night 




 its being renovated now actually 




 no, in canada 




 no Canada 




 ontario canada 




 indeed! 
























