 In indian church we MUST clap. And honestly I love that part! 




 Generally using Head and Shoulder should suffice.

However, if it is severe then you can apply nizoral prescription shampoo that should take away the problem. 




 Eat insoluble fiber.

FiberOne cereal, an apple, etc. 

Fiber will make you feel full longer. 




 So what career choices did you make as a result of this?

Did your parents past work position offer any gains to you. Maybe getting into a good school or job, etc. 




 I love them 




 I think I just learned something here 




 Use ur floormat and put it under your wheel. This will give it something else to ride on instead of ice. 




 My suggestions :

1. Buy an egyptian cotton towel
2. Do not put towel in dryer, just hang them.
3. Wash by hand. 




 Well the reason I ask is because I've given gross, net, and just out of the wallet. This is how I have felt.

((Gross - net)*10% - Given to various charities of my choosing) + (net *10% to local church) -- Current approach -- Feel somewhat joyful giving this way since I can choose to give to charities I want to give to , but still feel legalistic. 
Gross straight to church - Didn't really feel joyful doing this so went with the plan above. Mainly didnt feel joyful because money was going to local church and the money was primarily being stored in the bank.
Net Pay - Loved this approach only because I felt how can I give more than I actually bring home. But was told that the proper approach is to give a tithe on gross. And well felt guilty, ya di yada.
Wallet - Felt great but always felt like I should given even more than just a couple of bills. Usually I don't carry to much cash.

That said, I think I can give at all levels, and I can surely say that God has blessed me over the years abundantly. 20K+ increase in salary over the last 3 years. So needless to say I am blessed for that. However, I miss the joyful giving that I used to be able to do. And I wanted to test out to see which approach is best. I believe NT approach is by your own will but 10% is def a good standard, and God approved :). 
So the reason for my question was mainly to see if people have tested out both theories and to see which one they like/enjoy, which ones they were most blessed with, etc. 

And to the fact of legalism, well maybe it is, but following Gods guidelines can ultimately change your heart. I mean heck i never thought I'd be able to give beyond my net, but I can, though maybe a little bitterly. And I'm only bitter because I know most of the money just goes straight to the churches savings account when it should be used to fix / maintain the church and to use it to help the current congregation increase their faith.  




 Ooh, I'd be curious for someone who teaches EDM music too. Fruity loops specifically. 









 When did you feel the most joy in giving?
During net, gross, etc. Also, why the variation. 




 How do you tithe? Gross or Net? 
Do you use 10% or another percentage?  




 Is there an app or any kind of utility that removes all non-hdr pics? 




 Yupp, just used mailstrom for something else and well its pheneomenal!

They can have my money! 




 I must admit that Mailstrom is pretty awesome at analyzing my email. Though for some odd reason it was unable to delete my emails. Though that maybe due to the fact that I deleted the emails in my system after seeing the analyzed report. I'm going to give it another try on my other email address. 




 What kind of API do you guys use? Reason I ask is because i was thinking about creating a similar app using MailSystem.Net. But since you guys already have a good software, well there goes my plans. 




 How would u teach christianity before jesus?

You would probably treated like the false messiahs of that time. 




 For reefs? 




 Well, my suggestion would be that if you want to understand your girlfriends religion then your best bet is to learn from her.

Ask her that you want to be part of her spiritual life and for that you want to learn whatever you can from her.

That verse couldnt have been a better choice. Those two commandments of Loving God and Loving one another truly embody the entire rules of Christianity. 

However, if you want to understand Christianity better on your own then read the bible. Start from one of the gospels, either Luke or John. The gospel will tell you about Jesus and pretty much what following Christ is all about (Christian = follower of Christ). Then you can go from cover to cover if you wish. But start from the gospel.

And of course, attend her church. The pastors job is to explain whats in the Bible (like that verse) and to take care of the people attending that church.  




 So when they demolish a building. Do they just throw everything to landfill. Or do they reuse it?  




 Yupp!

Even though I grew up as a Christian I still manage to have a fall out. A time where i searched to see if I really was a Christian or just raised up that way.

Though I did alot of stupid things during the fall out. I eventually realized that nothing in this world will give me the joy that following Christ does! :) 




 How does one start a redbox business?

How much does it cost initially?

How much can you make/month? 




 Why did you stop being Bourne?! 




 tl;dr Lenovo Yoga 2 




 wow. kudos to your dad!  




 I used it to cook my eggs today. They're Pun-omenal 




 SA would rather spend the time/money on providing aid to people than to aid colleges. Especially considering the cost of colleges these days. 
(my personal opinion) 




 So I used to joyfully give 10% of my net tithe. But over the years I started giving 10% of my gross tithe. But wasn't happy so I gave 10% of my net tithe to my local church and (gross-net) * 10% tithe to charities that I wanted to give to. Giving this way allow me to give both to my local church and charities of my choice. And its a great tax deduction ;).
Personally, I would rather just donate the net tithe because I don't see how giving on something you don't have makes sense. Not to mention most of the money I give to my local church goes right to the Bank for future storage rather than to take care of the place.

Though I haven't read Crazy Love maybe you should check that out. I understand you want to be faithful but the New Testament (from what I understand) does not require 10% but requires a cheerful giver (2 Corinthians 9:7) which essentially can mean less than 10% or even more than 10%.  




 lol 




 Thanks for using your talents. These are amazing! 




 "Do not be overcome by evil. But overcome evil with good" Romans 12:21

Was a verse centered on during a youth retreat and has helped me to keep doing good in the face of evil (or just general bad things). I probably need to face this verse again rather than getting lukewarm. 




 This is why I can't listen to Christian radio. Its the same song and the same artists for years.

KLove is a haven for TobyMac and Chris Tomlin. Not bad artists but every other song shouldn't be from them and it shouldn't be the same song they have been singing for the last few years.  




 Just wanted to say that this comment has made me re-view of what books I will buy down the road! 




 Thanks! Signed up for the course! 




 I'm with you! Stay strong! Seek a counselor. Thats what I'm doing. Preferably a christian counselor.

Also check out the app InstaPrayer if you have access to it. 




 For most programming jobs you will not need anything more than Algebra 1 or even basic Arithmetic. You will however need to pass at least Calc 1 to get a BS degree in CS.  




 I graduated few years ago but can't get over the fact that I never fully understood how proofs worked or for that matter any of the material that is taught in the data structures class.

I know major companies desire that their employees understand these concepts but I had a very difficult time understanding the material. We used an outdated textbook that was printed in maybe 1960-1970s and professor used examples of pascal to illustrate the various sorting algorithms.

Anyway, what I'm trying to get to is that is there a modern or maybe a simpler explanation / course / book that can explain all the terminology, concepts, etc. that one should have learned from a regular CS Data Structure course. 




 Wish I had seen this sooner. Sorry. 




 Is this worth it? Safe?  




 Tako in Bensalem, PA. http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/tako/menu 




 I have freedompop in Cheltenham, PA area and the service isn't bad. Im using the $10 plan. I don't think it will be good for doing much the interent speeds arent that fast. 




 Mom of bomber says that the FBI had the bomber on their radar.

http://www.businessinsider.com/tsarnaev-brothers-mother-fbi-boston-bombing-2013-4 




 http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-14735923_ITM

I'm not sure if that's the complete article. 




 sprite? 
























 I went on a Holy land trip last year and this was the only site after the Sea of Galillee where I really felt the Bible alive. Maybe it was because the Garden Tomb has a tour guide thats Christian. Idk lol but its much easier to imagine that this is where Jesus was buried.  




 So what do you do when someone you love stops loving you?

My ex and I faced this issue and thankfully we were just boyfriend and girlfriend at the time so no issues with kids etc. But there is a lesson to learn. How do you get your partner to love you again?

At that time, we decided to continue on but we eventually broke up. But if this situation ever happened in a marriage then it would have been a huge issue. So how do you keep on going assuming that you really want to keep on going?

---   
**tl;dr**: how do you keep on going assuming that you really want to keep on going? 









 Happy palm sunday :) 




 I imagine this is easier to do between Canada and US 




 I agree with what you are saying except for the fact that countries like India or China would never have been exposed to Christianity without actualy missionary presence. 

Also, dont forget we're supposed to go to the four corners of the earth.  




 Yupp. I love it! I wish i had started earlier. 




 Im appalled at the amount of cursing thats going on in this subreddit. 

That said as a christian guy that just signed up for krav maga gym. I welcome this with open arms. 
The church has def taken away masculinity from man. Everyone just acts sweet. But man of God need to start being man of God!  




 Out of curiosity, what really drives the success of a missionary?

As in what factors best attribute to the success of a missionary on a mission field?

The quantifier (my guess) would be people converted and/or churches built?

Are there any studies that have been done.

This curiosity emerged because i was wondering if missionaries are more effective in a place they would love to be in (say maldives / bahamas etc) vs a place they would not want to be in (iran).  




 You should read the book "once an arafat man".
It wont convert you but it will give you the perspective of someone that has, plus its a great read. 




 This!

Yes, god did perform miracles on earth when he was here. However, he also said that we would be able to do even greater things.

And we have! Just think about the heights humans have achieved today. We have created robotic legs and arms (boston scientific), faster transportation, better health overall (just last week polio has been removed from india), and well many more.

The point is that God does still create miracles except now he uses the goodness in man to acheive these things. 

I know you're on this subreddit to troll. Needless to say, yes your question has been pondered by many but know that God doesnt necessarily want to change us from our weaknesses but rather uses other means such as the goodness of man or the change of behavior / thoughts to use our weakness as strength for his sake. 




 Any good flstudio tutorials? 
I bought the package few years ago and have no idea what im doing. 

My desire would be to create progressive house tracks / edm 




 Explain!!  




 Im actually considering a move to cali.
Can you elaborate a little more on the elitist atitiude. What exactly did they say to you? Etd 




 Theres a biryani tour? Lol whens the next flight to India. 




 I'm a programmer.

That said, i think we are going to have to make it affordable or even free. Sure we could make money out of this but I think we would have alot more indian guys and girls if it was free.  




 And thats why you're not a CEO jk

But a guy that can make JS in 10 days can also think sharply, create and manage concepts, and drive the companies focus a particular way. 

Though that doesnt always workout if people skills arent there.  But if you have some people skills then i think ull be fine. 




 Its at the Temple Performng Center tomm. However all tickets are sold out.

It might be live tomm though. 




 Sight And Sound Theaters produces stunning NY style broadway shows that are biblically based. Must see! 




 Anyone else going to TedX this friday? 




 Now thats a detailed response! Love it. Thanks 




 This kind of worries me because this could have Russia create a defacto monetary market, similar to bitcoin (or maybe upsell bitcoin). And basically create a one-world currency eventually leading to the mark of the beast, aka 666. Hmm. 




 Is there a list of these kinds of emoticons anywhere? 




 Theres one in philly too. Haha where all the skyscrapers are. 




 Best sky I saw was in Chichen Itza, Mexico.

Right about the Chichen Itza temple was a naked eye view of the galaxy. First time I saw it. I thought it could only be seen from space. Lol mind blown moment!!

I love star gazing. I live in Philadelphia and its so hard to gaze at stars. I have to drive an hour or more north to see a good collection of stars. Even then nothing compares to Chichen Itza! 

Any where in US where you can see the milky way galaxy?  




 Anyone have any idea why a chunk of the US (i guess mountain zone) is unoccupied unlike rest of the country

Unless of course its because its uninhabitable because there are mountains. Lol. 




 Capital Kings, or any techno for that matter.

Most techno songs should be just instrumental. 




 I've worked in asp.net and have worked primarily in java dev for the last few years. 

But im looking to get into these two jobs. Probably asp.net mvc more since i used to enjoy asp.net web forms. 




 This is someone elses site. I just started krav last week. And so far it seems consistent with what I am learning. 









 zulu? 




 They should really warn people on arrival about the costa rican departure tax. Lol thankfully i knew.

But a side story, i got pulled over on my way to the airport from manuel antonio. Lol after a lil bribing i was able to go on my way. Which is where the airport tax came in handy. Told the cop i needed to leave for airport and needed money for airport tax. Got away with paying $50. I think he wanted $100. Though people at the airport said i could have gotten away with $20. Lol.  




 Looking to dev in asp.net mvc or spring mvc. I was wondering if there are any startups looking to have someone on staff that would dev for them using these technologies?

Also, where does one post about a possible startup idea one has and pretty much assesing if its worth it, etc. 




 As someone who has lived in another nation. Let me say that the problem isnt that NSA tactics alienate us but rather the fact that US Economy is tanking. 

In reality most nations do respect USA and people would still love to move here. But our internal politics and disrespect for each other is ruining our image. And the wars that just took place didnt help.

But people will overlook all of that if we can be the positive nation and a wealthy nation that innovates and continues to provide peace as it has. But we will also have to show case it. We will have to show the world that bipartisan government can work. These constant fights between two political parties and the greed in Wall street needs to stop and change so that America can start moving forward again. Currently only the Wealthy are moving forward. The middle class and poor are having a hard time maintaining a job. 




 Has anyone else tried these and anyone know why they arent available everywhere?

My gym used to have these and then they stopped selling them. But they were great for workouts. Kept me going for 2 hours at a gym. Otherwise I would get very exhausted during workouts.

http://www.melaleuca.com/ProductStore/ProductDetail.aspx?sku=4204 




 By later he means when PS5 is released. 




 This is the main reason why tourists must go to Toilets in Mexico. Its called montuzemas revenge lol.

Mainly occurs because their water contains too much extra salts / chemicals to keep the water safe to drink. However our bodies havent adapted to that. 




 I second this. This would completely not go well in the Indian culture. 




 Which cruises have Indian food? 




 I had the same thing happened to me. And I learned a very important lesson. Always!! Buy a road hazard warranty.

I bought 4 tires 2 years ago. 2 of them went flat within the last 3 months. I got them replaced for $18/tire with an extension of the warranty for 3 years. Aka when the tire goes flat in 2 years i will have warranty to get a new tire for only $18 more.

This is through discounttiredirect.com.

Also, u dont have to pay the $18. They can ship the tire for free. Only thing is that u would lose out on the extended warranty. 




 I thought you meant the show. lol 




 Where are you coming from? 




 Thanks! Sermon recorded anywhere? 




 So the new mobile share value plan looks tempting.

Currently I am paying $181 with taxes for
500 minutes with Rollover
iPhone + Unlimited Data + unlimited text
iPhone + 3 GB Data + unlimited text
Basic Phone
------------
Total = 181 with taxes and a FAN discount of ($18)

Mobile Share Value Plan
-----------------------
Since we've had AT T before Feb 2
10 GB Data Plan $100
1 iPhone $15
2 iPhone $15
3 Basic Phone $15
=============
Total $145 + taxes - FAN Discount (23%)
Guesstimate totals : $120
(basing that on  ((145(1-.23))*1.08) [(total - discount)*taxes])

Did I get the above correct?
(not sure what the exact total would be....)

Now based on that it would seem that I would be saving roughly $60/month or $720/yr. 

If the above is true then what are the catches? And is it worth losing the unlimited data plan. Though I usually don't go over 5gb, its still a plan I would love to have to avoid any exuberant data charges down the road.

Please explain in the simplest terms below so that everyone can understand it. Thanks.


 




 Sometimes you can find this on their online webisodes 
























 Keep in mind that Tel Aviv is very far from Gaza. Not to mention US flight plans go via europe and into tel aviv, avoiding gaza. 




 This should be the top comment lol 




 I for one wouldnt ever want to leave Earth! This place is great. If you dont think so then you need to expand your horizon and travel! 




 True. But also give a gift receipt. So they can just change it. 




 This is ideally what this tip is centered around. Find if its ur ideal path. 




 We need a new toilet because i've spent way too much money on trying to figure out how to fix it and have come up with failed attempts. 

So... I need a new toilet! Less than $300 and preferably one that wont have any problems with clogging and is elongated.

Terrylove.com seems to recommend toto alot. Do you recommend that or something else?

We have an American standard that has been great for years but lately it just takes multiple flushes for everything to go through. We have used an auger, used pumic stone to remove any scale, and nothing that helped. So instead of wasting anymore money I think I must buy a new one. 









 So i tried all of the suggestions and it does seem to help. Lol stupid eye contact! Why the heck is this an issue!  




 Is there any medication that helps the body from getting anxious during eye contact?

I can make eye contact its just that I have to hold my breath and I can barely concentrate on what they are saying. 




 Yupp. Its called being burned out!
Take a break!
Though more importantly, you're not doing this from your heart so why even bother? I say that because you're ultimately going to get bitter whereas volunteering should produce some form of joy.  









 Theres a whole facebook page devoted to it 




 It used to be. In philadelphia area there are still many cricket grounds. 




 I say it was bombed in the indian ocean and they're covering it up. But literally between India and China.
Why? There was an article about a lady who saw debris off a plane in the ocean from her flight. She reported it but the search was never concluded in the area she mentioned afaik. 
Now im going to speculate and say that this plane was headed for one of the stans via india. And india wasnt going to let some lunatic fly and danger its people so they bombed it or maybe malaysia bombed it. Now if india did bomb it and that information was disclosed than china and india would be at war. Something no nation wants.  




 7.1.1 im on iphone 5. My coworker, my phone and my moms phone are affected. But my cousins iphone 5s isnt. So maybe its targetting specific phones? Idk. 




 Same here 




 Well i was talking to my coworker today who mentioned that the latest patch makes the phone stop using non-oem wires. 

Which is the issue i am having now. Only oem wires r workig 




 Why does the iPhone recognize the non-oem cable and whats the difference? 
Im referring to the iphone 5 cable but obviously its a general issue.

Why cant we replicate the cable to the t? 




 I'm thinking about stopping my 401k contributions which are roughly $400/month. I was trying to meet my companies match but I think it doesnt make sense when you have loans with 7% interest rate. hmm..
edit: lol and ive been also trying to save up for wedding. and only saved up 5kish aiming for 12k at least. 




 How much were you paying monthly? 




 Look into Loan Forgiveness programs. Such as the military. Do national guard and get some of that removed. 




 If you dont mind me asking but what is your financial situation? Salary, etc. Because 3 years is ambitious for 40k. 




 So apparently I have 49k in student loans. Its been four years since i have graduated and the main reason I guess I wasnt as aggressive in paying off my student loans was because I bought a car (audi a4) which just took all of the money. Thankfully I paid it off so now I should have more money to pay off student loans but it seems like it will take forever.

So how long did it take you guys   gals to pay off your student loans and how did you save up for a house, etc? 




 Apparently goat. Im from india. 




 I like the quote on Ruth Graham, wife of Billy Graham, grave. "End of Construction. Thank you for your patience" 




 I hear ya man. I feel the same way. And the older u get its harder to make new friends, esp christian ones.  




 Check out glassdoor.com. Read reviews.

See how management interacts with the team. I went to one interview and the manager was talking down to his employees. Thankfully he didnt act like too much of a jerk off when he interviewed me but nonetheless if he cant act appropriatly with all of his employees then i cant work with him.  




 Lol i can counter this and say it can also be good to go independent of ur parents and enjoy life.  




 Lol 




 Piano is easy to pick up vs guitar, etc. as you either press a key or combination of keys.
Plus you can play any instrument you want using it. 
 




 I've had the same issue. The best thing to do is put pill in the back of your tongue. 
Stick tongue on the roof of your mouth.
Swallow.
And wallah you have solved your prescribed pill swallowing problem. 




 I believe its called music theory. 

http://www.musictheory.net/lessons

I cant read music myself, dont have an extreme or urge or need for it so no real desire. But my advice would be to take your time, pace yourself, and practice.

Check out youtube clips too. 




 I completed the one year bible few years ago and i so agree with u on this. The whole trying to finish the bible for the sake of it does not help u at all besides saying u "finished" reading the bible. 
If u do however do it that way than at least dont restrict urself from reading it in one year. Lol it made me very depressive because it took me much longer than i thought it would take and it just made me feel dumb. 

That said, i have read the bible multiple times. And i would say that the best way to read it is understand how the bible is categorized, and see which category interests you. And then pace yourself through it. 




 I absolutely love the red letters for what Jesus spoke.

You know what would be cool? How about what God spoke in Blue?

i dont like references. It just gets in the way of reading the passage. And i absolutely cannot stand that there are no gaps at the left and right of the pages. I understand bibles need to be minituarized but there should still be some space.

Make paragraphs. Alot of time ur just reading a constant group of text. It would be great if paragraphs could be added. I see it as a positive thing for grouping content, supporting contextual reading, and lastly offering people the optiong to pace through the text. 




 whow we can ask these kinds of questions. i so need this question answered. 




 My mom has a pinched nerve and i believe a bulge near her l4 l5. Her recent doctor recommended that she get only a sitting job.
I dont think her current employer has a sitting job and she is 58 and has constantly complained about her lower back. She is currently in short term disability and does have long term disability insurance.
Whats the procedure for getting long term disability?
And also does she qualify?
Im worried that if we go to the companys HR and ask then they might lay her off eventually if they see that she has this problem. 









 Not really. The move for punching and kicking is trivial. 
For example, punching requires an arm extended and feet in proper alignment. I know the powers comes from the hip but I guess what I'm asking is that maybe my hip doesnt have that much power. So how do you increase it. 




 How do you increase the force of your attack?

I feel alot of my moves are just moves without any packed strength / force behind them. 




 Save money and but Crest Whitestrips. 

Everything else is going to be a waste of money. 




 Im surprised this doesnt have more upvotes. This is the only logical comment. 




 Andys Hot Fries 




 Sort of, I offer Slingbox hosting services out of Philadelphia.
What my subscribers get is a full Fios TV experience for a monthly fee. So yes, technically. 




 What kind of issues do couples that are "yoked" together face?

I can understand the reason bible is against unyoked couples. But i also know that all marriages tend to have issues. So what kind of issues do couples who are both believers face? 




 Lol 
























 haha I promise i wont :) 




 I dont. Im in the Philadelphia sector. Sorry.

The way this account works is that they are sub accounts. So you only get to see video nothing beyond that. Well maybe free internet access at a verizon hotspot. 









 Its not. Its great for people overseas or those that dont have access to these channels. 




 I know many of you have ditched cable but would love to still have access to various premium channels. Im offering all of the following plus various FIOS TV channels. All for $30/month

Comes with : 
Showtime Anytime 
HBO 
Cinemax 
Starz 
Encore 
Epix 
WatchESPN 
Fox 
Nick 
CNN 
CNN HN 
TNT 
TBS 
Tru 
Adult Swim 
Cartoon Network 
Comedy Central 
MTV 
VH1 
Spike 
BET 
Speed 2 
Fox 
Big Ten Network
BBC America
BBC World
CNBC
Bloomberg 
Cooking Channel
DIY
Epix
Food Network
HGTV
NFL Network
Travel 
TV Guide
 




 I go to one of the centers thats directly connected with David Kahn. And i can wholeheartedly tell you that the content in the books and I would imagine the videos associated with it are the same topics taught in class.
 




 Salhani Auto on Pratt St and Roosevelt Blvd. they primarily work on foreign cars. 




 The eyes and the mouth are photoshopped. Just thought id put my 2 cents in. 




 Where do u get one of these? 




 It seems it could have been a duped Article. Since the plane was below the clouds. 




 Hookah Bar on repeat! Coming back from my best friends wedding and this song is stuck in my head. 




 Get as many A's as you can in your freshman year. These will be some of your simpler and easy classes to get a's in.
That said most people do bad in these classes because they feel like they already know the material or are too busy enjoying life.  




 Lately, someone I know has assumed that girls in India get randomly raped all the time.

Thanks Media! 




 We obviously disagree on this and the general population does too as evident by the polar opposites of how they enjoyed the movie. 




 No you shouldnt. Be yoked with someone of equal. 




 My opinion and opinion of many people that have watched it has been the same.

I dont pay attention to movie critics as they are judging the movie as a work of art, whereas user reviews tend to portray if you as a normal human being going solely for the enjoyment of the movie is going to enjoy it. Based on rotten tomatoes. Critics 17%, users 82%. So take your pick. :)

 




 Chariots of Fire - Eric Liddel.

Side note. Gods not dead was an awesome movie. It was great to see someone stand up for faith when most people shy away. 




 Paradise Biryani 
 




 I would say get the a6. A4 is just too tiny.  




 A mega man movie 




 I can attest that this is true! 
But im at least thankful to have Fios 




 How do u like san diego? I was thinking about moving there but your comment makes it seem like its not a good place to move to. 




 5 guys sucks compared to In n out! Trust me. If in n out was in the east coast i'd eat that thing everyday. Lol 




 Lol i loved the screechin space-alienship noise.  




 I totally agree with him.

I was in complete denial that a Christian could have anxiety. I went to the route of allergy, gerd, etc doctors issues before realizing/being confronted with the fact that I have anxiety.

I still dont have it together but I am undergoing counseling and though its nor solving the anxiety to the T. It is helping me cope with what I have and be better aware of things.

Feel free to PM me about this if you want some guidelines etc.

As far as reducing your anxiety goes... 
Here is one tool that can help (do all of them sitting or in some comfortable position)
1) find five things to see
2) close eyes and find five audible sounds you can hear
3) touch/feel five different things. 
Repeat but step down. So go from five things to four things then three. 
If after you finish the steps you still feel anxious then start over. And keep doing them until you have a better control on your breath. 

Prayer is great but it alone cannot solve this. I wish it did but God provides people and other help to aid us in life. Thankfully for me I can go to A christian psychologist. So dont let prayer be your only aid.  




 Todays devo is great on this topic. Read it if you get a chance. 

http://rightfromtheheart.org/devotions/6685/ 




 When should one apply seeds?
Some say spring some say fall.

 




 If this truly works then you should seriousely advertise this in Bold letters. Almost all enterprise companies will jump ship to ie11 (of course after intense internal testing) 




 Thats a huge price to pay.  




 I was working in Exton in 2007. Its 2014 and they are still working on that patch of road. Its like come on just get it done with already.  




 Perfect! Thanks!! 




 I can totally agree with this. Im not saying that Christians dont curse. im saying we need to hold to a higher standard and not curse. 

and yes there are lots of topics we can discuss and say Christians shouldnt do this or that. but this is one thats very apparent and very public. and one of the things that really puts me off of this subreddit in taking this as a serious platform for believers. 




 Colossians 3:8 




 ok so let me give you another verse then
Colossians 3:8 "But now is the time to get rid of anger, rage, malicious behavior, slander, and dirty language" (NLT)

You bring up two good points. One the separation of cursing from something that brings another person down and one that is used to express an extreme emotion.

For something that brings a person down I would say well we both agree that its wrong. And i'll add that this type of cursing is a result of anger, possibly built up anger. So controlling that will help ease the possibility of cursing unnecessarily.

For using cursing as a way to express ones feelings : My encouragement in that area would be to use a better choice of words. Yes, I can completely understand that sometimes it would be great if Christians could freely curse. But lets be honest. How would you like it if your favorite pastor was cursing during his sermons? Would it be fitting? My fav pastor is Billy Graham and second to that Francis Chan. I could never see them deliver a God given sermon and make use of curse words. And lets be honest you wouldnt either.

If pastors, who are supposed to be role models of followers of Christ, cannot have that privilege then why should we? And keep in mind that the world will look at us the same way that Gandhi did when he commented that I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ. 

We can try to be more like the world or more like Christ.  




 I'd like to know what happened per century. Its been 20 centuries since Jesus and alot of those centuries are just ignored by majority of humans living in the present day and age because so much has happened in the last century alone. 

So my humble plea to those that are passionate about history! Can you please share great events per century as far as Human History is concerned. 

I tried to search for a list already but didnt see one. 




 Just because its used to relieve stress doesn't mean its the best way or ideal way for a Christian to use it as such.

People abuse drugs, alcohol, etc to relieve stress. Does that make it ok? No! 

I'm just saying we should use a better vocabulary and hold to a higher standard. 




 In this subreddit and even in general I hear Christians cursing as if its completely ok!
I know I'll get alot of downvotes in this but this kind of behavior doesn't suit us! 

James 1:26 "If anyone thinks he is religious and does not bridle his tongue but deceives his heart, this person's religion is worthless." 




 I did notice that on my recent trip there.
As a Christian I was amazed and a lil weirded out. Weirded out because why are there so many churches? 
My greatest concern would be how are the people there. Are they going to church because thats the thing to do or are people spiritual too? 




 Duh! Thats whats written 




 This actually sounds interesting and not boring. Name of movie? 









 Find someone else to like. Thats the only way. 




 Buy used, sell it used. Pay less than renting it. U wont always get the amount u paid for it but its better than nothing. 




 You need to get married!
Which is true but you really dont need to say it. 




 They have one similar to this in Boston airport 
























 I have no idea.... My fidelity warranty better cover it thats all i care lol. 




 If you dont work for the CIA yet then you should!  




 Mine was on a tow truck today too. 
And lol there was another a4 being towed too.

In case you're curious. My car was being towed in because of engine oil pressure issue. 




 Reason being that if you look at your manual it advises that you warm up your car by driving under 2 rpms rather than waiting 5 minutes on idle and wasting gas.  




 What are your recipes for a paleo diet, desi style? 




 They dont think... They just do it. Like their license plate. 




 And if russia does it then its the End of days. (which is true imho) 




 Go get them u silly goose! Commenting here isnt going to do anything. 




 It was mutual in the beginning because I wanted to move onto the next stage of my life. 

I graduated with a Masters in SE in 2010. So i figured a year or two later I'd go to india and start the search. But apparently going to India and finding a wife at age 24 is too young. While my college friends had already went and gotten married. So i figured id wait till girls in India were ready. 

Now that im 27 its probably the right time but now I just feel like theres a huge barrier. Because im having a very hard time connecting with girls lol. I've kind of lost my self esteem and confidence because I have no control over this process. My parents were just very adamant on getting me hitched with this one girl because her family was good. But i just wasnt attracted to her so I just pushed it off cause there wasnt any other choices. And any other choices that did come up then my parents would just find reasons for why I shouldnt marry her. So it was a pain. 
Few months ago I showed them someone that I was interested in and they were very pissed off and started emotionally black mailing me so I just said heck with it and told them to start the search again. So right now im in a limbo state of what I want to do. There are girls in India but I have a very hard time connecting with them. I cant match up with their standards and they cant match up with mine. I wouldnt mind dropping my standard if the girl was someone I knew, could relate to, etc but its very hard when u have to go based on a biodata and then have the uncles in india do a background search and then finally, maybe... get to talk to her. Though usually its their parents u talk to first. Lol its just a complete mess of a system. Growing up in an indian community and having lived in india for 7 yrs i thought i would be able to understand, relate and work with the system. But honestly its just a horrible system. Its really a quasi marketplace where you're bartering each other. Lol. Maybe this is a approach that keeps the family stable in the long run. But im not sure if it keeps the family happy in the long run. 
Plus lol i sent an email to one of the fathers and he replied back with "how long r u in us? Whats ur salary?" I didnt mind most of the questions but how can you so easily ask for someones salary. I havent even talked to ur daughter and know if she and I will get along. Lol its just ridiculous. 

Plus, most girls in India dont really want to go to US. The economy there is in a better condition than it was before so they feel as if they have no reason to come here.


 




 So I'm in somewhat of a pickle that only desis would relate with.

I am currently working at job where I dont have a real future because we got acquired last year and our business goals are different than when I started with them. 

Now on my table I have an offer for almost the same salary at a defense contractor for something that I really want to work on. Asp.net (for anyone curious). I will lose 10 vacation days and stuff but that's one issue. 

The one issue that is troubling for me and I'm sure my parents is that I was supposed to go to India in November to go look for a significant other and get engaged. My current company offers me to take a month off since i have 25 days. So not sure what to do...

I dont really want to go to India in November because I think it will be a waste of money and I wont find anyone but also would like to just find someone and get on with it.

 




 Getting irritated by the whole wifey search in India. 




 Hopefully you get most of it back in cash. 




 Dude, you nailed it!! Esp the part about the aborted girls! 

Im 27, unmarried, havent dated for over 8 yrs just so I could focus on college. But now that I have to find a wifey I have no idea how to relate to them, talk to them, etc. etc. it sucks!

Plus the demands of indian girls and their parents and myself and my parents is making it almost impossible to find a suitable match. Plus its so hard to connect to someone solely on their bio-data. Lol i hate this process but what can we do......  




 Or side 




 Its because of Midtown Madness that I knew Chicago very well! Lol went to it the first time and I was like hmm this is where that stadium is, the highway, etc 




 Google Chrome 




 Chloroform!  




 The Nativity. Every Christmas. 




 They probably do it because of those darn squiggly lines. 




 Or a /r/lifehack 




 Those expert picks dont count in the spread. They predict which team will win. I realize that this question asked about a pick'em game without spread but for games that have a spread what would be your strategy? 




 What do the values in each column mean and how do you use those values to pick the proper team. Especially against a spread (if possible). 




 I have been doing pick'em for the past four years. No strategy at all. The problem is that we have spread so that makes it very hard.

But without it I would just go with what one of the user mentioned. Expert Picks or even user picks. 




 How do you count in the spread? 




 Is there a guide on how to read that and make sense of it?  




 Fear - lecrae 




 Yes, I did ask them and they are helping me. They provided a small exercise ball to use for getting the form right. It does help but still doesnt seem to make a perfect move so thats why I was wondering what kind of tips people here had. 




 I think that might be one of my major issues is flexibility. I think I might have an anterior pelvic tilt so that might be one reason. 




 So you're saying shes black?  




 I suck at rolls. Cant seem to get myself around all the way. 
Its embarrasing. I cant seem to get the momentum to rotate. 




 Loved it! Just out of even my imaginary budget! 




 thanks! 




 Or when Troy in "the community" is sad that he isnt molested. 




 How do you have 200k already? Lol 




 Dont just go to college for a degree you like but one that has actual job oppotunities.

Do your homework in college! And get internships.

Enjoy your life. From high school to about 25 are the best years because health wise you're mostly safe and sound and can easily socialize with people of the same age and common hobbies. 

Make better relations with people of the opposite sex! Even if they dont turn out to be your SO they will help you in talking and interacting with your SO down the road. 




 Same way Davids Army loved the Philistines. Oh wait.... 




 Op, can you explain in detail how you did it. I'd like to get into christian meditation. 




 For those of you with a CS undergrad/grad degree, what did you do with an MBA?

Did you utilize it? Did you switch into management or continue to be a programmer?

I'm 27 years old and already have a MS in SE. Now I'm wondering if I want to get an MBA or switch jobs. Company is paying 5k per year for whatever school you go to. 




 Do not be yoked with an unbeliever. 

 




 NLT. Easiest to read and relevant. 




 Aol has done this for a while 




 Sports, premium channel shows, movies, etc. its a great way to get the content that most people flock to cable for without a crazy price. Plus it helps me bring down my cost of cable.  




 These are subaccounts. Theyre intended for kids so that everyone has an individual account for watching what they want.
So no access to billing, etc. 




 Yes, pretty much. Fios also has a mobile app that you can use to watch live programming. And they also have a similar on demand thing online. 




 Having a slingbox so that you can watch your cable service at another place is not illegal. If it was then they couldnt legally sell slingbox.

Is it illegal if you live in the same town and can subscribe to the same service. I doubt illegal because noone is going to come after you. Maybe unethical. That said, you're still paying the cable company for their service. So they're better of with you doing this then not. So if I were you I wouldn't think about it too much.

-- a guy who sells slingbox services 
























