 Allow me to provide some that have not been mentioned.

* A good old fashioned orgy
* Cabin in the woods
* Tucker and Dale versus evil
* The cornetto trilogy
* Seven psychopaths 




 Noah, while pretty, is vastly underwhelming. 




 Slumdog Millionaire-Didn't quite deserve all of its acclaim it was a very worthwhile film. 




 Horror or no. 

I got nightmares from

* The grudge
* Nightmare on elm street
* The Cell
* Nintendo's 007 Goldeneye
* Donnie Darko   




 http://i.imgur.com/fOIwE.gif 




 So excited for that. My only concern is Nolan tends to overshadow his actors from time to time with spectacle. 




 He'll never have mine. A big part of my childhood is watching this movie over and over. This and Grease. I regret nothing! 




 "Hello, Stu. If you hang up, I will kill you."


"What my name's not Stu, I'm kevin."


"Oh um, oh ok I see there's Stu. Could you hang up and leave please?"


"Ok. ***hangs up*** [Sigh of relief]



 




 I'll give you my own. Not a movie but: Matthew McConaughey in true detective is such a departure from what he's been known for. 




 Gah! It moved! 




 Impressive. 




 Heigl. 




 If people could do that, I'd be terrified the first few times it happened. After that I'd do it to get out of doing stuff like Jury duty. 




 40 words max, go! 




 Reminds me of monster university and mystery men. 




 In your opinion, obviously. 




 =This summer!= 


He's a psychologist with a troubled past.

He's a child with a troubled past.


He can't seem to find out what's wrong with this child.


This child sees dead people


The Sixth Sense, rated R for violence, scary situations and dead Bruce wilises. 




 Don't sell him short. 




 2001 and Gone with the wind 




 Minority Report


Total Recall



Starship Troopers



Blade Runner



Alien 





Serenity







 




 The Passion of the Christ.


 




 The Godfather.



"Do you renounce satan?" 




 I don't believe you now. 




 Hannibal Lecter 




 Synecdoche, New York. 




 Yup. 




 Cloverfield. 




 The matrix. Amazing concept, flawless delivery. We need more of these films. 




 The dark knight

Bruce Wayne: Tom Arnold


Batman: Terry Crews


Com. Grodon: Jared Leto


Harvey dent: Louis ck


Joker: Shia laduck



Scarecrow: kevin bacon



Riddler: Javier bard em



Penguin: Andy dick



Cat woman: terry crews



Superman: Nicholas cage



Mr. Freeze: peter dinklage


Poison ivy: Bryan Cranston



Falcone: robin Williams


Alfred: Mandy patinkin


 




 I just think no one wants to find bodies around the movie set. 




 You were doing so well until the butterfly effect. 




 Dr. Manhattan. Folks are gonna hate because this is a flawed character because of his abilities. I couldn't care less. 




 Mission to mars, Interstellar, Prometheus, Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, lost in space, serenity 




 In that specific scenario, I wouldn't have walked backwards. I might get goosebumps. I'd only go backwards if there was some creature's face right behind me(less than a foot). 




 Yes, though. 




 No, I wanted him to die. He's almost like a force of nature and I wanted tommy lee jones to bring him down. 




 Oh no, he's despicable.  




 Are you not entertained?!



(Pause) no? 




 Devil's rejects 


Identity



The frighteners 




Natural born killers 




 This movie was most certainly horror, or at least gruesome. 




 The trailer explained it. Thank you michael Caine. 




 "Call it." He's why the movie is so good. 




 I said nothing! 




 Signs and No country for old men. 




 This is my favorite thread!  




 Good segment. 




 Zombieland should be on here.  




 Already purple for me. 




 I was hoping he'd make it but the nature of the title led me to expect exactly what happened. 




 GTA IV, getting special executions on Liberty City's worst. 




 Good morning! In less than an hour.... 




 Well, the original story is that they grew up in the same town. Lex is only slightly older than Clark. Batman Vs. Superman. 




 I was hoping for Jensen ackles. I'm fine with Chris Evans though. 




 This is just a list of actors who'd look funny in tightey whities, 




 Lex and Clark grew up together. This would only work in a time travel plot line. 




 You'll always have kickass 




 Norman bates wears what would be considered small town casual attire. However, in the climactic scene, it is revealed that he dresses as his mother. He NEEDS to feel her clothes on his skin to become her. In the final scenes the psychologist or detective(look it up) says that now Norma bates has completely taken over. We see him dressed as Norman but talking as his mother. He no longer needs to wear his mother's clothes to be her.


As for Marion, she basically wears the same clothes throughout the 30 minutes she's on film. Any suggestions I make would be far fetched. 




 Recently re watched No Country For Old Men. http://youtu.be/M4Wek1VIfjA


 




 So pissed and upset that we lost his talent. 




 Se7en 




 THEORY:Elizabeth Hurley did not play satan. Spoilers! She was an angel who disguised herself as satan to help teach Brendan Fraser a lesson. 




 Oh no, what have I done? 




 Russians who live in america. In the movie, radios still work. There would be a period of mistrust but eventually everyone would know the truth. 




 Wow, look at all these dead american men, women and children being killed. I as a Russian approve and will go out to greet these machines. 




 Cause of the killer robots.  




 This [guy](http://imgur.com/r/HighQualityGifs/FfnvQQD) knew how to wear suits! 




 Battle Los Angeles- Trailer creates one of the most anticipated alien invasion movies....Two hours of call of duty and marine circlejerk. 




 Pre-rescue: As we were moving to secure the North firehouse, a random bandit shot and killed me due to desync.

Rescue: Spriggs dropped a splint in a shed next to the firehouse. As the patient crawled to the dead drop, a zombie ran up to him and killed him with one hit. 




 I moved him from room 3. 




 hOP onto the reamspeak server. 




 Man of Steel

Transformers: Dark of the Moon


The Island


I, Robot


300



The Dark Knight trilogy



Gravity




Speed(childhood fav of mine)



Mad Max



The rundown



War of the Worlds
 




 I haven't been fucked like that since grade school!- Shouted from within a photo booth in a crowded mall. 




 Yes! 




 Death at a funeral


All of the Simon Pegg and Nick Frost movies


Tucker and Dale VS. evil


American Psycho



Kiss Kiss Bang Bang



Dr. strangelove 









 A reminder to medics: it's entirely up to you whether to pursue your ambushers. My priorities on rescues are the safety of the medic(s) and of the patient(s). While Going after ambushers can be fun, they usually have a tactical advantage over you. 



Take many precautions and be safe out there! 




 I consider it mediocre and hit-and-miss with their jokes.  




 More specifically his chemistry in a comedy group dynamic as the leader of a bunch of **** ups. If you haven't, watch a good old fashioned orgy. 




 Next bill Murray, called it! 




 I prefer to interpret this video as many people either trying to reach out to him to get him to stop fighting everyone or fighters sent by the government to knock him out to contain him. Either way, he kick/punches them all. 




 I think he meant one of the Reddit Rescue Force moderators(Teamspeak or Subreddit), due to the fact that you're setting it up as an "RRF" triage center. 




 Don't know how to vote on this one. 




 Stewart!!! 




 Signs. 

For those of you not aware, this movie is heavily criticized for it's lapses in logic and plot redundancies. Folks argue that suspension of disbelief is too difficult to maintain especially considering the "water" issue. However, I can easily look past those issues and simply enjoy, what is, in my opinion, one of Mel Gibson's best performances. His struggle post grieving/ now athiest on top of raising two children is only compounded by these strange lights and their farm's crop circles. You can see the emotion on his face as he is trying to be stable for his family and eventually admits that he doesn't know what to do. Such a strong performance as well as some genuine scares. 

"Move, children! Vamonos!" 




 *Double the action*

*Triple the excitement*

"GET DOWN!"

*More excitement*

"GET DOWN, AGAIN!!!" 




 Fell off a watchtower, broke my legs. Luckily, I didn't die. West side of airfield.

Rescued by: sebasceb. 




 A friend and I have been shot unconscious by lesser creatures. We are both by the western jail on the airfield. I'm normally too prideful to ask for help but sometimes the medics need medics. This is on regular on taking place in rescue room 1.  









 30+ HOURS IN GAME. looking to play with 1 or more people. the lone wolf thing is not for me all the time. Open to most play styles. The hero play style seems way too risky but it might be because I'm not too experienced. Comment or pm, if you're interested and what you're looking for.



Steam: ocounter1 



Skype: ocounter1@yahoo.com
 




 I've seen him in most of his films (minus Oldboy and his shorts) and I'm astonished how charismatic and believable he is onscreen.  












































 Example: Cardiologist=Fry cook 




 Please pretty please with cherry on top. Also I got a Kitty cat name Katie follow me asking me to take her to another town. 




 My FC:319635120416 let's play 




 My FC: 319635120416 let's play. 









 For example: I work Security and have a structured routine everyday. It gets boring, so I tend to set myself on auto-pilot and think of other things. Crazy part: Like any auto-pilot, there are errors. I got into an argument with him for all of his screw-ups. I know he's just in my head, but as security I get bored and find myself talking to myself. I like to think that in my head I look like Bradley Whitford and my auto-pilot looks like Richard Jenkins from Cabin in the woods.


TL,DR: I, very recently, got into an argument with myself.  

















































 Oh my gawd yes. "Hey, are you even listening to me?" **Sheeeing!!!** 




 Quentin Tarantino- A film without references. 




 This is the end. 




 Repo men 




 American Psycho....maybe ;) 




 I still listen/ watch double toasted and rageselect. We need to stick together. I miss spill. 




 The original star wars, it helps that it follows the hero's journey format.

Also, skyfall. When it came out I saw a post highlighting that the cinematography is mirrored within the movie. 




 John Carter



The Lone Ranger





Green lantern 




 




 I can't call it for you, it wouldn't be fair. 




 I like it, it's not bad. 




 Texas chainsaw massacre created the slasher film as we now know it. 




 Yes, I think so. A performance is what ends up on screen, regardless of how it is reached. 




 It was in the original script. I think diamonds or jewelery. Tarantino decided not to use it since reservoir dogs already had a suitcase full of jewelery. 




 Law abiding citizen. 




 It is important as an actor to convey a real performance.


In this case the director took it upon himself to force a genuine performance out of his performers. A bad director would do this right off the bat without allowing the actors a few takes first but this is a proactive method in my opinion. It shouldn't go too far to the point of abuse, such as Hitchcock on the birds or Kubrick on the shining. 




 Yeah, I'm going to bring you something, alright. I decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't going have to come looking for me at all.  




 You must've seen the American version. 




 Where's the last man? 




 Up in the air? The terminal? Dog day afternoon? 




 Would you hold still, please sir? 




 I am serious, and don't call me Shirley. 




 You don't know what you're talking about. 




 BING-O! 




 Le professional. 




 Me too, please add a tardis. 




 Recognize the actress or any other details? 




 Best:Raging bull
   

Worst: Hide and seek 




 1) the bag wasn't a threat to her, the mercenaries were. A bag is just a bag.


2) that rooftop was teeming with hostiles, she was probably finishing them off.


3)true lies, when (this woman) drops the Uzi and it kills all the terrorists. It's funny and I get the point but it still doesn't make sense.


Edit: Jamie lee curtis 




 Basically, any movie with a bad guy, namely the Joker. 




 Talia al guhl. 




 Dark City. 




 Schindlers list


Shawshank redemption


Saving Private Ryan 



Pulp fiction




Citizen Kane





Rebecca





Alien





Skyfall






Goodfellas






Memento





City of God






Cloverfield




The Wizard of Oz 





The Lord of the rings trilogy





The sting





A streetcar named desire






The man who shot liberty Vance





The Godfather 1   2





No country for old men 




 In the U.S. Edge of tomorrow hasn't come out and won't until June 6th. If you have a good sense of humor in line with family guy you might enjoy AMWTDITW if not then go with edge of tomorrow. (Beware, tom cruise runs a lot) 




 Will Ferrell- Everything must go. 




 Equilibrium  




 James Cameron's Avatar....it's pretty and that's it. 




 Bill. 




 Maybe you guys can't hear anymore. 




 Mark Wahlberg. 




 upvoted CP. 




 Breach? 




 Most movies I never revisit. I might re watch a movie either because it's good (District 9) or to give it another shot at the behest of others (Napoleon Dynamite) or just old favorites (Jurassic Park). If I watch a film at the movies it's usually just the 1 time. 




 I would love this cast...if it were another film. Why have I never heard of this movie?! 




 Maybe I'm in the minority but subtle product placement is good IMO, it can help immerse the audience. I'm taken out of movies when two characters are talking and one stops to drink "soda pop". Just drink coke or Pepsi like a real person please. 




 Lol. 




 How does he look like W.W.? 




 Wow. I'm lost.  




 It could be that they had the boy, it could be fixed with a line of dialogue. That is, if they want to bring him back. 




 Azazel? 




 Jack as Joker. He brought the comical psychopath to life. 




 I would like a superhero movie about a new, original superhero. Or maybe just a sequel to chronicle. 




 Ha ha ha 




 Oldboy. 




 It's nearly a shot for shot remake. Personally, I prefer REC because since the lead is not recognizable it is much easier to be immersed. Also I'd highly recommend REC 2 for being a creative follow up film. Have not seen Quarantine 2. 




 Yup, When he came on screen I almost yelled out "Godzilla isn't a threat, I AM THE DANGER!" 




 Tom Cruise is a movie star. Other than in movies where his characters name is the title (Jerry McGuire, Jack Reacher) it can be very hard to name his roles. 


An actor is an artist who would prefer you know them by their roles. Kevin Spacey is one such artist. He IS Frank Underwood. Kevin Spacey has made it a habit to stay out of the spotlight in order to better blend into his characters from the audiences' perspective. 




 Well you're concerned with the "branding" of the channel to make it more popular. I'm asking why no new videos? There are 3 up at the moment and I'm curious as to why? 




 I think a "Jury of your peers" is an obsolete practice and there are so many ways to manipulate these individuals.  









 I'm subscribed to it and since I frequently use YouTube I see it in my subscriptions lists.  




 I believe we were promised 2 videos a week. What's the issue? Are folks not sending in their rescues? Is there no time to edit and reformat the videos? What's up guys? 




 Dunno about Casey but definitely Jessica. 




 The following (season) takes place between 1:00 PM and 1:01 PM.


Events occur in frozen time. 




 Like that futurama episode. 




 ...and there's the mental image. 




 The Butterfly Effect. Let's have our main character abort himself. 




 In Kill Bill Vol. 1, Beatrix is in the kitchen talking to Vivica fox's character about when she could call it square between them. Una Thurman actually makes a square shape in the air when she says this, my guess is its a call back to her pulp fiction Mia Wallace character. 




 It's an awkward season, especially knowing what was happening behind the scenes. It's difficult to find laughs in that season. Also season 5 was funny with Harmon back but was tough to watch at points with the departure of two cast members. 




 Nolan. 




 Ah, yes. You're right, I go back and forth so much it just sort of melds together. I'll be more wary next time. 




 The first Harry Potter or Lord of the rings(fellowship). 




 No there wasn't but the writers thought it would be a good idea to imply that Debra was in love with Dexter. Gross. 




 Dexter: incest. ;( 




 Not a difficult movie to follow. 




 Also the game won't be out for a while, a lot can change and be rendered and tweaked between now and release. 




 Long live the king in the north!  




 This sounds like information overload, so much to catch up on can be overwhelming and terrifying. 




 I would prefer a man-woman pairing with the man being jaded and cynical and the woman young and idealistic. An added bonus would be if he's a sexist but really good at his job, kinda like Dr. House. I am personally a bit tired of the rural setting so either a big city or a snowy locale. Both of these places can foster feelings of isolation. I think the villain should be an active serial killer who makes it a point to contact the police. Also, a twist would be nice but not that one of the detectives is the killer (lazy writing).

Edit: also we need more tracking shots. 




 Moon 




 [Fight Club](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaYzAkS_gRc t=4m27s) 




 I'm sensing you're a bit of a bitch. 




 :) 




 I'll [drop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_HuFuKiq8U) it here then. 




 District 9. It's important to find films that unite the two genres, romance and Sci-Fi. 


The fountain is very good as well. 




 Danny and Sandy (Grease)


Joel and Clementine (ESotSM)



Also any teen movie, romance just isn't like that anymore.


On the plus side there's always the ones that probably do stay together.


David and Elise (The Adjustment Bureau)



Ron and Hermoine (Harry potter series)



 




 I won't go that far but for me about halfway through i found myself talking to the screen. 


"Um, Superman, you're killing an awful lot of folks. er, ok. Wait, what? why are you upset that you [Spoilers-](#s "killed General Zod, you killed like at least 2,000 people")." 




 but you can replicate parts again and again to make a new ship or fix the part that broke. 




 well if it can replicate objects from the past, i could definitely see them fixing the ship...you know if they stop being girls about it. 




 But if the key is outside, it shouldn't be recreated. 




 Can't get much more elaborate than primer. 




 Was he peeing on the sandwich? or does he...pee sandwiches? 




 The ending was "underwhelmingly optimistic." That's how I'd describe it. 




 yeah, i did that intentionally, i feel silly for some reason. 




 Dude. spoilers. 




 Money talks?



From the wiki page: " In the meantime, Russell manages to escape from Villard's men, after placing several un-pinned grenades beneath his helicopter, ready to detonate if he tries to take off." 




 Yeah that movie is just a character study of a mentally ill individual.  




 Gravity 




 Also the how to train your dragon tattoo trilogy. 




 You want [chills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCTgUq6hzUk)? 




 you're not from america, are you?
 




 Oldboy


I saw the devil



Amelie 




 




 What did you just do?


[Confused] I just put in one bullet, didn't I?


You put a live round in that gun?


Well yeah, there was like an 8% chance.


Eight? Who taught you math! 




 than 




 Troy

Pirates of the Caribbean films  




 The lion king


The road



(I have daddy issues)



Mystic River




Leaving Las Vegas




Up





Dallas Buyers Club



Brokeback Mountain




I saw the devil





I am legend





Saving Private Ryan





Gravity





Boys in the hood





The sixth sense






Citizen Kane




Children of Men




I can think of at least one scene in these that have made me cry. I know you said no love movies but I could not stop crying in Time travelers wife.
 




 If you're a fan of the first two, the 5th is a step in the right direction. 




 Final Destination 5. Only at the end though. 




 This one made me laugh. 




 It's darker when you know what the German soldier says: "Give up, you don't stand a chance! Let's end this here! It will be easier for you, much easier. You'll see it will be over quickly." 
























 No, he needs to witness a murder. Then starts fighting crime, using his trusty garbage truck to compact and dispose the bodies of countless henchmen. And it turns out, the real enemy is the CEO of a recycling plant! This show writes itself. 




 Plus Everyone knows tony stark is Ironman, so I could just be like: 


"Yeah I can bench press over 20 pounds and oh yeah I'm Iron man's best friend. We're bros." 




 We need a gritty garbage man show. 




 I feel like you're trying to convince your gf to give you a bj after the plane crash for "Protein". 




 I would say the doctor but something terrible might happen to me, instead I must pick........*Drum roll*..............Tony stark. 




 ...what? 




 Donate all of your organs, no "you" left to feel good about your actions. 




 I will be going as Steve, are you going this year? 




 Yes, with poop. And puke. And bad feels. Been there, sucks for about half a day, don't eat and stay hydrated. 




 Those who can't sleep with their feet uncovered or just over the edge of the bed. 




 Bottled Water. 




 When George Carlin compared humans to fleas that the Earth can shake off whenever and has been through far worse than us. 




 "It's all cool, here." *Extends hand for hand shake.



*Go to shake his hand. 


*He moves his hand out and over his head.

"Sike!"


 




 Germany, you owe me 5 bucks if I'm right. 




 I like christian finnegan's bit about the effects of Monopoly.

Edit: here's the link, whole bit is funny. Monopoly at :59:http://www.cc.com/video-clips/9mxydo/comedy-central-presents-monopoly 




 Cancer. This needs to stop. 




 Grind house. Planet terror+Death Proof. 




 Open World Environments, It does soo much for my immersion. 




 I like my internet. 




 can't go wrong with a little [dickbutt](http://imgur.com/etjgJ2D). 




 ...[Ahem](http://i.imgur.com/PaS6IO9.jpg). 




 How to Potty train your dragon 2. 




 True Dat Detective. 




 Game of Porcelain Thrones. 




 District 9 is the go to answer but I'd also like to see a well done sequel to cloverfield. Wtf happened after that. 




 I am literally hitler. 




 It was a day just like today when an irrational man did something unspeakable. some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn. .
.
.
.
.

Jepenna wanted the world to accept his madness, ocounter1 stood amongst the masses and said: "No. it's spelled 4ever" 




 Jaywalk.....and loiter. 




 No sleep, booby traps everywhere. 




 Thundercunt-Self-Explanatory. 




 Not sure if unmemorable or completely blackout drunk. 




 what'd you end up doing? 




 It's depressing and does alot of damage to your self-esteem, but life goes on. 




 You picked the perfect day to start drinking. 




 Don't remember what age, probably 3rd grade. I personally handed out flyers to nearly 40 of my classmates. Not one showed up or called.

a close second was another where my father showed up drunk and began arguing with my grandparents. I just remember standing in the living room crying. 




 Well, from the accounts of war I've heard, there is not much dignity in war at all. Just helmets full of blood.  




 Where do I sign up? 




 Billy bob Thornton documentary. 




 they use a green cloak later in season 1 which seems easier to acquire. 




 I saw a lot of attack on Titan folks at FSC, you could do Eren Yaeger and Mikasa Ackerman. 




 Aw c'mon Gollum ain't so bad, he just has an addiction in a land without methadone clinics. 

Sauron is the REAL cunt basket. 




 Anyone who tried to make a difference would be called a faggot, except for Unidan. 









 Nibbler 




 Yes, Truman. 




 Huh, what's on the TV guide? 




 Citizen Kane 2. 




 I don't see how there can be good faith if Ubisoft is willing to lie about a game's visuals in order to build up hype. 

I understand they are trying to garner good faith by doing this but it isn't enough of a gesture, they're just admitting to a lie rather than doing something to satiate the customers. 

   How it come off, to me, is Ubisoft saying "look we're going to give you a product that is of lesser quality than what we promised but because we admitted it you guys shouldn't bitch about it." 




 You see, the problem isn't so much the game itself, it's the marketing. Ubisoft has a fantastic marketing department that knows how to sell a game and make you believe you are buying more than what you really are but without lying about it. This can potentially become the industry standard if the consumers go out and support Ubisoft. 




 There's also the opposite end of that coin, the author of fight club thought the movie was better. 









 "imprint" Starring Morgan Freeman and Joaquin Phoenix. 




 Oh you gotta watch 24. 




 The Apatosaurus scene in Jurassic Park. That scene just captured manic on film. 




 Tucker and Dale vs Evil 




 Have him follow someone. He's wandering around and sees a pretty girl who he begins to follow. She is buying food and picking up medicine for her father/grandfather. Who then during a conversation with the old man your protagonist has a revelation. 




 Are you on the TS yet? 




 Come onto the ts. 




 He's on TS but doesn't need help anymore. 




 Where is this?
 




 Cabin in the woods. MGM made this movie when they were in hot financial water, so they sold it to Lionsgate several years later. Lionsgate didn't market it well. This also happened to Red Dawn but that movie is forgettable. 




 Blue valentine, maybe. 




 Darth Vader's house. See what I did there? 




 The V/H/S films are decent, helps narrow down what kind of horror you like. 




 what they showed, i get where you're coming from but all that remained static was tom cruise and the omega. they never implied other universes. 




 They never implied that. 




 just a gritty crime movie like that, character focused. 




 Alice in Wonderland!!! 




 Yes. 




 Haywire. 




 It is, but it's going to lose so much money in the long run. It's a 180 million dollars budget and it only made 29 million on opening weekend domestically. It'll make it's money back overseas but Tom Cruise is not doing well in America if you consider Oblivion.  




 Since Edge of Tomorrow isn't working like they wanted it to. I would love to see Tom cruise in an independent film like Killer Joe. 




 That...would be funny. I woulda laughed my ass off. Time is frozen in a continuous loop until he gets a blood transfusion. 




 Why do you exist?!? 




 Watch it. Very fun action movie. Great movie if you love Tom cruise. Great movie if you hate Tom cruise cause you watch him die again and again. 




 Bad Robot/ J.J. Abrams 




 Hangover(2009)


Tucker and Dale vs Evil (2010)


Kung Fu Panda 2 (2011)


Hotel Transylvannia (2012)


This is the End (2013)
 




 How about Batman lives? Am I the only one who likes happy endings? 




 Don't say the twist in the title. 




 It's so warm!!! 




 Cabin In the Woods. 




 I don't know, that opening roll was too pretentious. 




 The town. We didn't need that last shot. 




 I understand, good question. The movie doesn't answer this, it's up to you to assume. Maybe Cage slept with the wrong General's daughter. 




 Usual Suspects, the negotiator, Watchmen. 




 Initially, he was sent to London to address any media concerns with regards to the impending invasion, presumably. Is this what you meant? 




 The Bourne films. 




 Erm, nah. 




 The Avengers= Tony Stark and company. 




 I've heard that rather than focusing on Bilbos story, Peter Jackson has convoluted the plot by adding major aspects of The Silmarillion. I have yet to see the movies though. 




 Don't know if it applies but I'm waiting for all the hobbit movies to come out before watching them. 




 Why would we want it to be any different? 




 Predator. Considering the technological and evolutionary advantages versus a squad of spec ops. 




 ...aaaand dead. 




 People tend to have so much free time to be getting in comedic shenanigans or pondering what to do about the other person. Don't these people have jobs? 














 I like the trailers and thoroughly enjoyed the first. 




 No country for old men, the movie is very visual and already doesn't have a soundtrack. It's your typical black hat versus white hat versus josh brolin. 




 Both very good films IMHO. 


Both loosely deal with trying to fix the past.



Edge of tomorrow is a one-off movie, you go watch it and enjoy it. Take someone with you to talk to about it(not during). It's a bit smarter than a popcorn film. Good performances all throughout.



X-Men DOFP is also a very good movie, but something to take into account is how dense the movie is. This movie doesn't pick up right off of X-3, this is 10-20 years in the future and introduces the sentinel program. If you are ok with turning your brain on and have seen at least 2 X-Men movies then this is a good flick to watch.  




 Blue Valentine. 






Not a movie but the tv show shameless focuses on this. 




 Dodgeball, Vince and Ben never once touch each other. They leave the competition on the court despite Ben stillers attempt to bribe Vince. 




 Where the cops literally say "den of evidence"? 




 It's friendly until one of them dies. 




 =( 




 Chris Evans. 




 American beauty. Lester comes into his own in figuring out what he wants out of life and his main priorities. 




 Citizen Kane- sad ending, great message. 




 Pulp fiction did this justice, I think. 
























 Haven't heard a peep from Guatemala in opposition. 




 Locke was **golden**. 




 My thought process: Hmm, what are hemorrhoids?


 *wikipedia* pathological, swollen, inflamed...hmm 


*clicks images*.


 




 These videos have been verified by the U.S. State department as being authentic. Try to understand and be sensitive to the fact that these men ARE dead and they have families that are in morning.  




 You said we would grow old together.





We did. We watched the Director's Cut of The Thin Red Line. 




 And...Johnny storm..is this canon? 




 That's so crazy it might just work. 




 [This hurts everytime.](http://imgur.com/kZdDRGe) 




 I'm stuck on Hell on Wheels. Got me the Cholera... 




 There will be no better Gandhi. 




 I've seen it several times. Still uncertain about the physics of it. 




 The Tesla machine that Angier uses for his ultimate trick creates a duplicate of Angier. One remains in place at the machine and another several feet away. My question is if the "real" Angier is at the base of the machine isn't that certain death in regards to the glass tank beneath him? This is assuming that the original Angier is at the base of the machine. If it isn't then the original Angier dies during the first usr of the machine back in Tesla's house. So what was it?  


=calibrating the machine to Copy Angier the base of the machine and teleport the real Angier to a different spot.

=or Angier is fine with dying over and over to best borden


=Or maybe another possibility I haven't thought of. 




 Is Rhode Island Southeast now? 




 Wow, I never knew this. It makes sense. It still doesn't explain the flying car, that was jumping the shark. They established the rules of the world then wrote to contradict that. 




 You're my best friend. 




 Creation credited to [u/PMmeBOOBIESplease](http://www.reddit.com/user/PMmeBOOBIESplease) 









 Moooon 




 Project Paperclip might be pretty badass. 




 Who has almost so impossibly achieved fame/riches/popularity/etc. that they must have made a pact with Satan?  




 You cannot carry anymore items, you are...over encumbered.  




 Is there another way to wake someone up? 




 Shameless 




 I'm going to a better place, j/k. 




 WHAT does IT meAN? 




 It seems like a magical night.  




 I love Firefly and I wanna bring it back... =( 




 Uncharted. 



Nathan Fillion + Bruce Campbell. 



Then as the villain you get Mark Strong or Gary Oldman. 




 *Knock Knock* 




 Jaime...my name is Jaime. 




 Don't be a fool, wrap your tool. 




 I appreciate his philanthropy, even if it's for tax purposes he's making a difference. 




 You know, for the right price... 




 Amen, the rent is too goddamn high! 









 Am I being detained? 




 Goose McKenzie! 




 Oh, man. You're right. 




 April? 




 I can draw better in ms paint...but that's just like my opinion, man. 




 I have watched it again. I find that watching movies with a twist have tend to be enjoyable as you see how it builds up the twist. That is, if it's well done. Also it's fun to show someone a movie with a twist and see their reaction, but that's just me. 




 Operation Paperclip 




 I'm sorry, Mr. Williams. You've created countless smiles and that's just on my face. 









 Well, technically Mr. Universe was a better pilot than Wash only because he hacked his grades. So the Alliance would prefer to clone him. 




 It is but I like his style. 




 I like preparedness, you sir are a survivor.  




 For science... 




 Get off your ass and follow your dreams. 




 I think cloning a new wash would be more expensive than looking for a new pilot. Besides if they could they would've already done it in the comics. That being said it would be a neat concept to have clone wash have an existential crisis about being a clone. 




 Yeah, it's been accepted that Wash's death is the most brutal and emotional in the Whedonverse. It really hurt and was done ultimately because Serenity was a last hurrah for Firefly(as was River's rushed character development). However, if we were to get Firefly back, we would want Book and Wash back, even if it meant in a parallel universe. 




 Mal lived...do you mean Wash? Look I used the show, movie and comics to create season two. In the end I sent them to an alternate universe where everyone could come back.  




 I expected this insight, I know it's kind of a cheat but Firefly itself was cheated and fans would look over this if it meant Wash and Book could come back. It's the writing equivalent of saying,'we're starting over because we didn't get a fair shot the first time.' And quite frankly it seems less sci-fi that we Unkill wash than Firefly coming back (please Netflix).

Joss has said that when he is done with Marvel and Nathan is done with Castle he might revisit the 'verse.


I don't think it's so outlandish to accept a universe tear, even in today's world we are experimenting with particles that could erase everything. I will concede that it's a bit of a coincidence that wash be near the crash site.  




 *blows air, spitting* 




 I tried to do this myself and failed. 




 Also I used current canon planets.   




 At the beginning Shepherd book and Wash are still dead but I created a rift in the universe with the cosmic cloud (think fantastic 4) that threw them into an adjacent universe.  




 I tried to make some characters from season 1 come back (Jubal and Bager) but not so much to stretch them thin. 




 Great ok, here we go.







**FIREFLY**
*Season 2*

Post-Serenity events have led to a civil war in the core planets. After discovering the cover-up on Miranda the citizens of the core planets decided to rebel. The Serenity crew, while not becoming involved directly has dedicated Serenitys cargo to delivering weapons and aid to the front lines. In the crew remains: Mal, Inara, Zoe, Kaylee, River and Simon. New additions to the crew: Randall (Security), Kie (Pilot) and Zoe's daughter Emma.


**Episode 1-**


Plot Summary: The crew sets down on Burnadette for a routine gun dropoff on the outskirts of Prion (City). While at the local watering hole, Zoe gets wind that Jayne might be part of the local resistance. 
Ending: Jubal Early arrives at the bar and asks if theyve seen Mal or his crew.

**Episode 2-** 


Jayne is back on board.
Plot Summary: Serenity stops in the Dayton prison colony to fill up on munitions. Malcolm recognizes Captain Rinzler (Out of Gas) among the injured at the local infirmary.
Ending: Zoes daughter (5) asks about her dad.



**Episode 3-**


Plot Summary: The crew touches down on border planet Silverhold for some R R but complain about the lack of amenities. Zoe teaches her daughter to fly hover bikes.  
Ending: Captain Rinzler in the Dayton prison colony wakes up to the sounds of panic as he steps outside him and everything is vaporized. River wakes up in tears.



**Episode 4-**


Plot Summary: Serenity lands on Osiris to pick up a mysterious package along with medical supplies. Inara meets with a client.  Malcolm, Zoe, Randall and Jayne get ambushed during the exchange by bounty hunters. Jayne is taken on an old bounty of his.
Ending: Inara is seen drugged on Jubals ship.

**Episode 5-**


Plot Summary: Malcolm decides to leave Jayne on Osiris and pursue Jubal. Jayne is transferred over to Osiris crime boss Badger. Jubal directs Mal to land on Bellerophon.
Ending: Mal tries to exchange River for Inara. Simon and River are seen on Osiris. Jubal shoots Mal and changes course for Osiris.

**Episode 6-**


Plot Summary: Randall and Inara take Malcolm into a privileged neighborhood on Bellerophon to get him healed. Zoe and crew track and destroy Jubals ship. 
Ending: Simon finds Badger and Jayne has a metal collar around his neck. Bager says, Wheres Malcolm?



**Episode 7-**


Plot Summary: Jaynes collar will explode unless Malcolm and his crew break into the biggest military base in Osiris and steal an experimental weapon. The weapon turns out to be a machine that mass produces laser pistols which would be lucrative to sell to the rebels. 
Ending: Jaynes collar was never going to explode. Mal gives badger a container filled with bags of fiber pills. 

**Episode 8-**


Plot Summary: After selling the laser machine to the rebels, Serenity touches down on Mals home planet shadow. An old romance of Mals appears. 
Ending: The crew all watch the news of a video showing an unimaginably gargantuan cosmic cloud eliminate planet Dayton.

**Episode 9-**


Plot Summary: After delivering cattle to Lian Jiun, the crew participates in the local Metal King competition. Jayne challenges Malcolm to a crucible match.
Ending: A cosmic wave is seen in the night sky tearing through a nearby colony, pushing the ship off course.

**Episode 10-**


Plot Summary: Serenity drifts in space until Alliance pirates come across it. Emma is captured, forcing Zoe to act.
Ending: Zoe gives Emma necklace that belonged to Wash, telling her it would protect her. Serenity heads to Harvest for repairs.





**Episode 11-**


Plot Summary: Once on Harvest, Jayne bets away everyones credits. In order to pay for the repairs to the ship theyve got to investigate the disappearance of the local wildlife. This is due to an unprecedented alga that thrives at night and recedes in the day. The crew uses daylight to track them into caves which they burn out.
Ending: Serenity is back on her feet, but the crew is broke. Malcolm receives a transmission from the Rebel leader which he ignores.

**Episode 12-**


Plot Summary: Serenity lands in Verbena to make improvements to the ship. As Kaylee looks for spare parts in a Junkyard she comes across a junker racing competition. She and Kie team up to make a small racing ship. 
Ending: They win the race, the price being an overhaul to Serenitys engine block. Just off planet are rebel fighters in position to surround Serenity.

**Episode 13-**


Plot Summary: The Rebel leader has tasked Malcolm with transporting an elite squad of former Special Forces to Ariel for an assassination. Malcolm refuses to get involved in the conflict, but Serenity is disabled and the rebel leader makes it on board.
Ending:

**Episode 14**-


Plot Summary: Serenity volunteers to transport Ariel refugees to Whitefall. Malcolm ponders the implication of the future of the human race.
Ending: Cosmic event occurs, killing millions. Serenity crew gets involved with helping refugees get to a new solar system. Unexpected cosmic event occurs right by the ship, causing it to crash in a field. Serenity is broken as it has just traveled to an adjacent universe. Zoe is cradling her child as the cargo bay is welded open. She sees the welder take off his mask and its an old man. He says, You folks took a hell of a fall, are you alright? He has a dirty beard. Then a voice and face come into frame, Hoban 'wash' washburne. Whats goin on?(doesn't know them)





There's obviously alot I'm leaving out, the plot summaries are basically what you would read off of imdb when clicking on the episode. The ending are the end scene/s. 




 I spent the better part of this afternoon creating plot summaries for 14 episodes of Firefly for a second season. 

I read an Adam Baldwin interview where he said he'd love to return to Firefly but he would want Wash to be unkilled....so I tried to achieve that.

Interested? 




 Whenever I tell people I eat cereal without milk, they look at me like I'm a monster. 




 "The greatest thing since sliced bread. So this is it? A couple thousand yearssliced bread? What about the Pyramids? The Panama Canal? The Great Wall of China? Even a lava lamp, to me, is greater than sliced bread. What's so great about sliced bread? You got a knife, you got a load of bread. Slice the fuckin' thing!! And get on with your life."-George Carlin 




 Security guards getting involved. 




 That's the only way things get done. 




 Is multiplayer with both hands? 




 Garrus:"James said theres a saying here on Earth, 'may you be in heaven 30 minutes before the devil knows you're dead.' Not sure if Turian heaven and human heaven are the same, but if we don't make it through this, meet me at the bar for a drink." 




 Had a bad shrooms trip, now I get panic attacks. Anytime psychedelics are mentioned on tv or movies, I cringe. I try to keep those memories down. 




 Groundhog Day.














  




 [Oh.](http://imgur.com/oA3ZPB9) 




 Good on him, for getting out of there. 




 Gary Oldman could literally play EEEVERYONNEEE! 




 ...with his neck. 




 You must pee in classy places. 




 *Time is a flat circle* 




 Pull on her eyelids: **LEGENDARY** 




 "Don't worry, it's poop."  




 That got dark. 









 e.g. Darth Vader 




 He's one of the most likable actors in Hollywood, but he needs to fire his agent or something because he ends up in some lame films.  




 I need a poster with this. 




 Come for the potential of a good story, stay because you know there will be anal probing. 




 The Doctor/Malekith/Raymond Calitri


EDIT: Doctor WhoThe Doctor 




 Animals win Round 3 and after, Just on wasps and bees alone, not to mention every spider species on Earth. 




 Batman's footage is very interesting. He leaps from rooftop to rooftop, when decending upon the criminals of Gotham you can see him systematically pick them off and beat them to a pulp.


However, Tony Starks footage is just more fun to watch, he zooms through the battles and shoots at folks while cracking smart ass comments.


In this respect, the thing to remember is that Batman probably suffers from a mental disorder since he habitually goes out to fight crime and takes no pleasure in doing it. Tony Stark can notice the danger in what he does but will make it fun to watch all the same. 




 Only think that comes to mind is Smokin' Aces. 




 Anyone else scared that it's airborne? 




 Anyone else scared that it's airborne? 




 No phone call is that important, unless you're Jack Bauer. 




 Rivalry of Kin- Slumdog Millionaire or Warrior. 




 Fight Club 




 I'm going to bring Kim Jong Un and show him 'The Interview'. 




 Daniel Plainview, anytime he talks it's out of survival instinct. He hates humans and would prefer to remain silent. 




 I would love a slo-mo shot on the back of Iron Man's suit, flying through the carnage and battle (as his suit gets torn into) and he watches his superhuman comrades fall. 




 Money's on Hawkeye. 




 Oh, Doctor Perry Co-.... 




 There's already a World Trade Center sequel.

Edit: Came back to delete my comment because 


it made me feel dirty. Instead, I find upvotes, 

am I going to hell? 




 Outlast 




 Final Report. 




 American Beauty.  




 So this means that...Jackie Chan really did start those fights and he really did go looking for trouble. 




 Where new STD's come from. 









 "Where we're going there are 20 sequels!" 




 Find a podcast you like that lasts as long as your commute and get a crossword/word search/Sudoku to solve. 




 Laundry....or grocceries. 




 Firefly 




 :'( 




 Rick and Morty. I wish to hell they'd stop stuttering. 
























 But, why male models? 




 Could it still burn but not be exposed to infection? 




 "Go to the theater, she said. It'll be fun she said."-Lincoln 




 Can't remember what game does something similar.  A few hours in it straight up says: "sure, you could keep playing but what about having a life?" 




 I believe that's racist. 




 Cumberbatch. 




 How many walkers have you killed?



How many people?




Why? 




 This needs to be more. Perhaps a new film starring Arnold schwarzenegger or maybe a new ride at Universal Studios. 




 [MRW](http://i.imgur.com/kjKq6dH.gif) I read this. 




 hoohhooowhat? 




 I thought it explained itself one too many times but it didn't seem complicated to me. I was just like, "yeah, I get it." 




 It'd have to be a new character just as he is being trained, similar to the first game. He assassinates two targets in an attempt to discover where the templars have hidden the holy grail. After the second, the assassins reveal to the main character that they'd been grooming him to become the best assassin, in order to kill the pope (Assassin's creed II), just after killing the pope, the papal vault opens up as it does in the game and we see the precursors appear and when they are about to reveal the location of the holy grail the dna stream desyncronises and desmond wakes up in abstergo to an explosion in the lobby. Security rushes him to the holding cells when they are killed by a female assassin. She shoots out a window, looks out into the street below then at desmond. She says, " I knew your father, I can get you out of here. I need you to trust me." 

"Ok." 

"Just let go into the air like a bird, and remember 'nothing is real, everything is permitted'." 

The two eagle dive into a passing trash truck bed.

cut to black. 




 ...me. 




 "Remember when we used to care about science?"

"Nope, get back to your combine." 




 The Matrix


American Beauty



No country for old men



There will be blood




Cabin in the woods (fingers crossed)



Inception




District 9





Inglorious Basterds



The Hangover



Blue Valentine




Gone Girl




Drive 




 I would love to direct video game movies, I even have a list somewhere.

MGS


Bioshock



Assassin's Creed, etc. 




 What do you mean you just watch it? Like with my eyes? 




 "Daniel, I am a servant of The Lord! Please stop with your vulgarities!"-Eli 




 A home video of everyone you've ever loved. You would go from immense sadness to depression to mourning, rage followed by acceptance. Then you'd begin to wonder how their lives continued after you were gone. You'd create intricate backstories of arguments and vacations, imagine them to the smallest details. Madness consumes you, you are angry but don't understand why, sad but don't understand why. You stare at the faces of strangers,numb, for an eternity. Centuries pass and you cannot quite recognize these people. Then you create a new story with them and how they were once people you loved... 




 Um, [Butt-Numb-A-Thon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butt-Numb-A-Thon) in Austin does exactly this, it's in a decent theater with like minded individuals. 









 Those aren't mountains... 




 Inception score out of nowhere. 




 BAAAAAAAM BAAAAAAM "...I just wanted you to know, and most importantly- *BRAAAAAOUUUUUUUUUGG* 




*Best original Screenplay. 




 No, it's a fugaizi 




 Pshh only complete wussies need a hospital room full of medical equipment and attention to fix their back. Not Batman, just punch that shit! 




 ...? 




 Mega station 




 This is fantastic! After watching Interstellar, I immediately had to come back to KSP.  




 Thats a hell of a kickstarter... 




 To achieve what?  Also why did coop show up right where a space station was? 




 Can someone please explain the ending and how his daughter saved the world? 




 He would fit neatly into the House of Cards universe. Would love if he joined the cast. 




 I was 1. 




  #LOL #Gothamwillburn 




 Or bowling pins... 




 Shoulda just put the punchline in the title. 




 http://i.imgur.com/JvDnWi7.jpg 




 Start singing out loud the most obnoxious song you can think of. 


"And IIIIIIIIIIIIeeeeeeeeIIIIIIeeeeeeeeeeeeIIIIIII will always lllllllllllluuuve youuuu........" 




 Uh, move, dude 




 Huell 




 What's the most you ever lost in a coin toss? 




 Inglorious Basterds and Fury. 




 Electrician or maintenance. HVAC book in the right, Material Safety Sheets Binder on the left. 34/M/Los Angeles...and you're gay. 




 Software dev. 21/F/Washington or Oregon. 




 Bet on people who are going to die, use the money to invest in Tesla, kick starter and Mojang. 




 U.S.---Thanksgiving. At least, God I hope not. 




 What did you do today?  




 I like the "it was all ____ the whole time" cliche 




 A second heart=Time lord! 




 Faster than light travel. Religions would be hard hit. Scientific discoveries would be a very common occurance. Increases our likelihood of finding other life forms.  









 It depends on the magnitude. In terms of fear, I just mean prioritizing safety, getting to higher ground, etc.  




 Sure, stay safe. 




 Any damage over there? We're concerned. 




 My father-in-law just called to tell us about this from Nicaragua.

CNN just caught this, they said its deep in the ocean and that Tsunamis are the major fear. 




 I took my cue from cartoons, he was sleeping so I used the cartoon method of waking him up. A nice full bucket of water to the face, the CIA would be proud. 




 Most of this actually happened but not to me. 




 Fight club? 




 IDK man, Jabba had it pretty good. 




 Filmmaker 




 30.29.28.27.26.25.24.23.22.21.20.19.18.17.16.


You know what when the doors close, just say go.

GO! 




 Four years ago, I was stationed 550 miles SE of Bagram Air Base. We'd been doing consistent daytime flyovers of the tribal regions to the east, getting intel back to logistics. 


One day me and crew were flying the C130 on a recon and everything is peachy till we get about half way through return from the AO and we start getting peppered with small arms fire which is strange considering how high up we were. Turns out logistics screwed up and sent us over heavily populated Al Qaeda mountains. So there I am manning my console, trying to do my job and not get shot. RPGs are missing the plane by just a few feet. 



After about five minutes, we make it clear of the enemy fire and I'm able to take a breath. I look at my console and it has a 7.62 right through the middle of it. It's broken. I cal my CO over to take a look at it and he tells me that 7.62 rounds can make 30k feet. No, he said. That there is tree fiddy rounds. And I said tree fiddy? We ain't got no Loch Ness monster in al Qaeda firing no tree fiddy rounds. 




 Tom Cruise. 




 But Kim jr already fits the wardrobe. 




 If I had the money I no like also. 




 You know what this show needs? More Lori. 




 2cond um queer. 




 This is literally the worst. 




 Math. Boom hacked the universe. 




 The audience decides how much morphine the patient receives...you know for charity. 




 Mr. Rogers. Anyone can watch a well written show but everyone should know the purity of Mr. Rogers neighborhood.


"There's only one person in this whole world like you. And people can like you exactly as you are." 




 Hmm he knows words. Upvote. 




 You'd get a raise for exercise and secks. 




 When I was 10 I almost drowned my dad in his sleep. 




 Maybe feathered pillows, so every now and then you get a quill in the eye. 




 I can totally see the lack of tension between the two entertainers. 


Comedians tend to relate to each other and flock to one another, particularly before major success just as a method of survival. 

We expect them to have animosity for each other because they are/were on competing networks but their mainly like distant cousins whose paths, for the most part, parted after friendship. 




 You must be a professional. 




 Possibly the best time for this Gif. 









 So hard being the Prince of Gotham. 




 it would be nice to see if anyone makes an accurate prediction. 




 One of their best. 




 Shoot the hostage. 




 ...Like a watch. 




 It's very easy to point to a recent movie trailer and say it's one of the greatest of all times. Case in point, The Wolf of Wall Street. I'm asking if you can recall a movie trailer preceeding 2010 that is truly great to look at and garners excitement for that movie.

[Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN3YaybNJ2s) 




 Watch Hannibal. Shit gets crazy. 




 The Dark Knight ~~Rises~~ 




 Nolan likes filming his movies in IMAX. You could be missing out.  




 Look people complain about the Dark knight being about 30 minutes too long. For me, I was more than glad it was so long, I wish it was longer. When I heard about this, I got giddy.

1) Chris Nolan

2)Space!

3)Matthew Mcconaughey 




 All those people. Must take alot of: "Everybody run silently to the back so we can blow up this cafe." And the people outside must have ear plugs. 




 Do you have a logline?
 




 "I found this book under my bed mom, would you read it to me?"


"What's this Mein Kampf? Sure, I didn't know you were into European literature." 




 Two of those people lost their funny mojo, IMO. 




 Nice try struggling writer. 




 We'll get the actual documentary in about 5 years, give or take. 




 Dune was so much internal dialogue. No. 




 alpha Bravo Charlie Delta echo Golf Hotel India Juliet kilo Lima Mike November October Papa Quebec Romeo Sierra tango uniform Victor whiskey Yankee Zulu

Edit: I missed Foxtrot and X-ray. I did this orally on my phone 




 ESPN needs to get on this shit. 




 Nice! I'm into that kinda stuff! 




 Would like to see behind the scenes. 




 Hey hey....but it cured cancer. so it saved half the world population by killing the other half. 




 I thought the scare at the backdoor was effective even though I was expecting it. 


I also liked the use of 1st person to build tension and atmosphere. 




 Jeremy Renner was supposed to take over the Mission Impossible franchise and was then offered the Bourne franchise. Tom Cruise's movie underperformed I think Knight and Day, then he came back to reclaim MI. And now this. 




 But...taxes. 




 Why, cause he killed a bird? Frank killed a dog and 2 people...but mainly a dog. 




 Ulysses...or Bosco. 




 Best buds for life. I wish. 




 Dogs are the best. 
























