 Shrek is love Shrek is life.  




 Start using renewable energy.  



















 That Roswell isn't an airport.  




 ICP their music is garbage and so are their fans.  














 Parking 




 Same picture but with the names of each general on the bottom. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4c/Kaiser_generals.jpg/800px-Kaiser_generals.jpg 
























 I abuse it in the opposite way. I only down vote in very rare occasions. I upvote a lot though.  




 Someone's education shouldn't determine if a person can run for any political office or how good they'd do. Anyone can run for office from a person who works at Wal Mart with a high school diploma to a professor with a PhD. I won't be supporting Scott Walker but his education shouldn't be as big of a deal everyone is making it out to be.  









 I'd go with San Andreas or Vice City.  





























 Does it put the lotion on the skin? 




 Sounds like a good movie plot.  




 Onions 




 Politicians are for the people.  




 At least they're attempting to lower their pollution levels.  




 Conspiracy 














 He lost a bet 




 Parking 




 If someone mentions a subreddit I'll check it out and subscribe if I like it.  




 Keeping up with hezbollah.  




 I'd buy them a phone case for a phone they don't have.  




 Always propaganda with Russia.  




 Electricity 




 Pakistan barley knows whats going on in their own country. They might have heard a rumor from someone's friends cousin but that's about it.  





























 The government 









 Peas and carrots 









 At least 4 




 It's still the 12th where I'm at.  









 Well, I live on Wheeler Airfield. It was bombed by the Japanese during Pearl Harbor.  




 Quantum physics degree 




 In history or current? 




 The invention of pong.  




 Four day weekend 




 A pic of a prescription so my wife can refill it. I hope the world isn't too shocked.  




 I didn't see Fallout 4, I guess I'll just keep being depressed.  









 For example if you're conservative what do you like that liberals do that your party doesn't and vice versa.  












































 Explain what you did and why you did it.  
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I was reading a book about the battle when I thought of the question. I took to researching about why, but never found a solid answer.  














 Did anyone else see the fireball south/southwest of the Islands? The time spotted was between 5:15a.m. to 5:40 a.m.  I was wondering if anyone knows any information to what it was.  









 Does anyone else have a problem with their internet while playing world of tanks? Both my buddy and myself have had problems with our internet while playing this particular game.  




 Does anyone know what army regulation states that you don't have to buy equipment that you weren't issued? One of my co-workers had found it before, but it's been so long no one remembers it.  




 Does anyone know how to get stationed here? Also could you give me a break down of how everyday is at this duty station?  




 Would a website that you could rate your leadership be a good idea? I noticed how sometimes good leaders aren't recognized and toxic leaders fly under the radar. If there were a website that let everyone know how good of a leader they actually were would it help the problem? How would you stop reviews from becoming spammed by grudges or vendettas?  


































 Can you change your major? If you did would you have more hope? 




 What is holding you back? 




 A blue Hawaiian or New Jersey turnpike.  



















 Italy  




 They may be still exchanging fire during a ceasefire but at least they're making some progress.  



















 I don't know, I was farley drunk myself.  




 Ron Paul.  









 High school, because it was simple, easy, and fun.  




 Idk my friends and dad were stationed in Alaska. It wasn't suggested as much. 









 God damn Mongolians keep destrying my shii wall.  




 What lead to becoming lower class? Also married 3 times, would you know why they would do that? 









 Until people learn exactly what the budget is spent on. ~12 billion on uniform development. ~400 billion on the F35 ~2 billion for the land warrior system that isn't used. Ect..... 




 They probably hung out as kids, and made a bet of who can be the bigger asshole.  




 Because I don't like commitment 




 Awesome, I like how they give a breakdown of how it works.  




 It did a great job in showing war deprevation and brutality. It didn't do that good with reality in the final battle.  




 They're going to be bored watching my dot stay in my house all day.  




 I think congress needs a few fist fights.  




 Roaring twenties. Everyone dresses up, decorate like a speakeasy.  









 If it's a debate for fun I'd go with "who'd win a grizzly bear or a silver back gorilla" "who's the better western actor John Wayne or Clint Eastwood?"    For something serious I'd talk about which European country has the best economy/government. Who's worse the Mexican Cartel or Terrorists? You could even go with which presidential candidate is best for America.  




 I don't really have a reason why I give I just do. Especially to the people with signs like "using the money for alcohol". If they're being honest they might as well get a few dollars.  




 I'm sitting here in an empty house, watching documentaries on Netflix, about the economy.  




 North and South Korea conjoin to become the number 1 country against the fight on hunger.  




 Looks like coke is losing the next marketing war.  














 The only people that would have homemade explosives are the guys with the "tanks". I don't think they're worried too much. Could you imagine if narcos started using IED like attacks though? 



















 Going to college 




 They'll defeat their enemies with laughter.  




 Because we're using all of our resources and money to police the world. Instead of working on building a better America we're working to change people's ideals across the world.  We're also being destroyed internally by drugs which the majority comes from Mexico because they refuse to make the boarder harder to cross.  









 Astronaut door gunner  




 Just sitting there on his phone all day.  









 Limiting, it'd be easier for me to just not use my car than not eat.  




 Anything is more productive than fasting.  




 It's good they show care for the environment but fasting isn't going to do much. Instead they could go on a 40 day planting campaign, a 40 day cleaning/recycling outdoor areas, or raise some money for non profit environmental organizations. That would do more for the environment than fasting.  









 The mexican cartel killing America citizens.  
























 The abomination 




 It's just frowned upon 




 Shaving 









 Didn't they say that last year and the year before. Most likely it's because their numbers are down because ISIS is attracting all the jihadists.  









 Who's on second 




 Wouldn't that constitute as polygamy 




 http://www.onestopperfume.com/ferrari-black-cologne-4-2-oz-eau-de-toilette-spray-for-men-tester-no-cap/?gclid=CMjouvHL7cMCFc9hfgodZnYASQ 









 I personally don't think Hillary is a good choice for the democrats. I'm liking Bernie Sanders.  




 I picked my Ferrari up at Ross when I was shopping with the wife. It was a little over 20.  




 I like Ferrari black. After I started wearing it a few of my friends also bought it.  









 Malcolm X 




 Hugh Hefner and Ellen Page.  
























 Loud noises  














 I think the real question is where did they get better camera operators and video editors? 














 The best I could describe it is a mix of surfer, ebonics, and the original Hawaiian language.  




 I live in Hawaii, the locals speak pidgin. http://www.e-hawaii.com/pidgin 




 Flag of Mozambique. It has an AK 47 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Mozambique 




 Move out of the way Egypt there's a new hump in town.  




 Ashton Carter http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashton_Carter 









 The vortex. It's a little older but its durability is unimaginable.  




 Give these people a country already.  




 Mom's side: railroad engineer, housewife.
Dads side: logger/owned a truck repair company, realtor 




 That's fairly hilarious.  




 I gave a guy that claimed he was in the military 250. He asked for it saying he was stuck downtown and couldn't get back to post. I definitely didn't think he was in the military  but it doesn't bother me.  




 Yes  









 The pyrates book series. Virtually unknown and I unfortunately didn't get to read the last book.  http://www.goodreads.com/series/61015-pyrates 




 1) I'll be positive. Helping people sign petitions /r/petitions 2) giving away free things /r/freebies 3) helping people become more knowledgeable /r/space 4) sharing life experiences with a person you've never met or something you've never done /r/self 




 Good idea, until they call a bomb run on Syrian troops.  




 Would the risk of a small percentage of the refugees  being terrorists be worth them living in the U.S.? 




 Kit Cat Breaker 




 Cheese, pineapple and ham 




 How do you accidentally propose? You fall down onto a knee and by coincidence a ring flies into your hand.  




 Something along the lines of Google glasses.  














 How many strippers actually use the money to pay for college? 




 I'm sure you did. I don't recall any other president getting dogged on as much as Obama.  




 It's either Obama needs to be impeached or he's done an act of treason. People need to calm down.  




 Blair Waldorf from Gossip Girl 









 I just have a "feeling" about this painting.  




 Atlantian 




 Museum curator 




 This entire song http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nGt_JGHYEO4 









 Who's supposed to keep time on that? 



















 10 hours of walking and 1:37 of footage. Can people stop copying this? This could literally apply to anyone set in the right area.  




 A paper cut while chopping lemons.  




 Wonder what the wait on reservations is.  









 Nazi Germany did the same thing, but after they were already losing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/36th_Waffen_Grenadier_Division_of_the_SS 




 You have the patience to become a millionaire but not enough to wait for a gate.  




 Achilles in Vietnam http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6069.Achilles_in_Vietnam 














 The sit in the corner and drink alone game 
























 The students must have designed it.  




 Yes, his argument basis was that they don't master a particular fighting style therefore aren't professional.  




 Gangs of New York, and No Country For Old Men 




 I couldn't handle both of those argument in a day.  




 Arguing if UFC is a professional sport.  




 Someone argued with me that UFC isn't a professional sport. I dont follow UFC, but no one can be that stupid.  




 No, some guy in the army told me this. He might have got it from Bear Grylls though.  




 Video games 




 Drink someone's spinal fluid as a water replacement.  




 Terrorist fighting terrorists. That's how much ISIS is hated in the world.  




 I don't have anything against Russia. I think everyone has just hung onto that cold war grudge that Russia is the ultimate enemy.  




 Everyone thinks they can be a better leader/boss than the person above them.  




 Independent, all parties have ideals that I like.  




 So they can get viewers.  




 If America is going to spy on their own, then they'll spy on others.  









 Eliminate alcohol, sorry Bond no more martinis for you.  




 A very interactive website, I like it.  




 Closing the border.  




 Are you serious? This has been asked everyday at least five times.  




 Antarctica 




 Room for 200 people, 200 friends Kim Jong Un doesn't have.  









 Fancy people discussing the band Tool 




 No using doors. You can only leave a building through a window or other exits.  









 It's illegal to use chewing tobacco in Australia.  




 They'll easily make that money back in a few months.  




 The Hey Arnold movie. They had one in the making but stopped. http://heyarnold.wikia.com/wiki/Hey_Arnold!:_The_Jungle_Movie 




 I'm a independent voter. I like politicians from both parties. I haven't found anyone that's solid yet to support, follow, and potentially vote for.  




 Hate mail.  




 Everyone meets up at a known spot in town. Split the teams up between cops and fugitives. The fugitives must go on foot to a safe point across town. When the game starts the cops drive their cars to the safe spot, turn around and look for the fugitives. The cops must leave the car and tag a fugitive. If you get tagged you become a cop, if you make it to the safe spot you're just safe.  




 Fugitive. Still the best game I've ever played.  




 Penguin. Who wouldn't be entertained with some animal in a suit waddling around the house.  




 Are you serious, this has asked 4 times within the last hour.  




 It's like after WW2 Europe was in ruins, but at least they had all these countries helping to rebuild. Who's going to rebuild Syria? I believe their country will be permanently in ruins.  




 You look at these images and realize. Whoever ends up wining the war isn't going to have anything to rule over.  




 The field of lost shoes. The battle scenes are pretty cheese but it was way better than what I thought it'd be. -The quiet man, you can't go wrong with a John Wayne classic.  


































 Fallout 3 









 Ask the same questions over and over on /r/AskReddit 




 The first one was pretty good, then it started going downhill. I started watching them just to how they relate all together, or for the some what story that was there.  









 Thanks I guess... 




 You're a bum Rock 




 You have the cartels, protests and a corrupt government. Mexico will soon be a faild nation.  




 Wonder if they got stuck on that duty or they volunteered so they could also see the Beatles.  














 Just paid for Bioshock Infinite a month ago. Maybe I should just stop paying for games.  




 You'd have to constantly replace the wall paper because everyone would pop it.  




 Juggalos 
























 Whenever I hear someone refer Obama to a dictator or king, I just remembered those people probably don't know history.  




 There are terrorists running all over Pakistan with their nuclear program around, no one seems to care about them.  



















 So they could have two nuclear and one hundred WW2 era diesel subs.  









 If terrorists keep poking at the major middle eastern countries, air strikes will be the least of their worries.  




 The adventure of getting shot at everyday.  




 Source. http://www.warhistoryonline.com/war-articles/73317.html 









 If I'm at McDonald's I don't want a hamburger patty with cheese 




 Rusty Shackleford 




 Trying to use someones death to push you political agenda. I don't see how anyone could believe this BS, but there's some that probably do.  









 Someone destroyed a lot of friendships during that.  




 The Catholic church seems to have turned it's self around as a whole. Hopefully they don't revert back to what they were a decade ago.  




 Is everyone that works there a Christian? 




 The boat  




 They threaten everyone in the region.  




 They even hate themselves.  




 The military throwing down a lot of money on Lamborghini, I'm hardly shocked.  




 Need money for alcohol.  














 I demand that day back.  



















 I would say it is probably one of the only pieces he has left of his parents. Right now as a child he's just thinking about cigarettes, however when he's older he would realize the sentimental value of the award.  




 Thanks for ruining everyday life ISIS.  




 He doesn't understand how important that medal will be to him later in life.  




 Throwing rocks at other rocks.  









 It's different day to day. It really just depends on what is "trending" or the "what's hot" askreddit of the day. It's just the repetitiveness of the same questions that sickens me.  




 They'll soon be at the Antarctic research areas, with coats on.  




 I wouldn't say reposting is a way to get karma. Originality,contributions, and being witty is how you get karma.  




 Seems a lot of countries are buying F-35's recently.  




 You found what I did there. Bad translation/grammar on my part.  




 Smells like bigfoots dick 









 Military waste. They should keep soldiers and benefits. The waste, useless spending, ect....has to go.  




 A polar bear.  




 Sweden does army commercials right http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg139clg5sA 




 I read somewhere that they overlap the towers so when one goes down the connection isn't broken. I can't find the website though.  









 Dark matter.  




 Doesn't say if it'll have a Ray J boss battle.  




 Have fun 




 We'll wait until they've decided in a couple of decades.  




 The dodo bird. They seem pretty hilarious on ice age.  









 http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sTbc2NeErnU 




 I didn't personally but I think most people on Facebook spent a lot of money on Kony 2012 




 It gives people the excuse to keep the military industrial complex going.  




 The white lady of Spring Canyon Utah http://www.legendsofamerica.com/ut-springcanyonlady.html 




 It's like they trap you. I get better cell coverage than my other friends companies but I have limited data.  




 Power or greed.  














 I prank called the Russian embassy two weeks ago when I was drunk. They hung up after I said "hello comrade". 




 Interior Holding Device Supervisor.  




 New York City. I've always wanted to visit there because I've lived in the west most of my life.  














 sharia law 




 Doesn't Syria have enough to deal with than to provoke Israel? 









 The disappearance of 3,000 Chinese soldiers in 1939 http://unmyst3.blogspot.com/2013/07/mysterious-disappearance-of-nanking.html?m=1 




 What if Archduke Franz Ferdinand wasn't assassinated? 




 Tool, Undertow 




 United Nations Headquarters 




 They work at Taco Bell. It surprised me that they didn't aspire to do something greater in life.  









 He admits to this but still claims the VA is a efficient organization.  




 Lotion and condoms.  




 I thought of this song when I first read the title http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cM4kqL13jGM
  My hoping of them to be hip hop lovers got shot down.  




 e.g. Ukraine Crisis, ISIS, economy, presidential race? 




 North Korea "gears up" it's military South Korea and the U.S. do drills. Just like every year before and many years down the road.  









 Drink a lot of water, take Nyquil, then I sleep with enough covers to sweat it out.  




 Of course.  




 Smash it with your foot, then eat it like a dog.  




 The mexican cartel is a greater threat to American citizens than ISIS, yet they have no major news source talking about them.  




 It could I be, you can watch drone videos of Ukraine calling in artillery. It might be a person looking at the security weaknesses. Then again it might just be someone's hobby. They should have gave a little more info.  




 I wouldn't say it's all money for YouTube. I tried to watch a Uncle Ruckus compilation that I've shown people for over a year. I go on last week, it's gone and everything related to Boondocks is gone too.  




 I wanted Fury to win, because it's the only movie I saw in the theater.  




 I'm trying to teach myself how to play the banjo, it's not going fantastic.  




 Your taxes go to something productive.  




 I learned this from the history channel series The Men Who Made America.  














 Freetopher is real at least https://mobile.twitter.com/freetopher 









 According to the quiz it is. Maybe the person who made the quiz is banned from reading it.  














 The guy would be the one crying and being emotional. That would be awkward for everyone around.  









 American Psycho by Brett Easton Ellis 







































 On a normal work night I go to sleep at 1 am. I'm usually on the internet or reading a book.  









 More information on the monument http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robespierre_Monument_%28Moscow%29 





























 I'd say almost every culture besides "American" is bad at chewing tobacco.  




 Water 




 Yellowstone National Park 




 Insane Clown Posse and everyone related.  




 Scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, add cheese on the top.  




 Music up...Dance 














 I'D ask him why he invaded Russia 




 Waikiki 




 I used to appreciate the box car children. Why was I not informed of this earlier? 




 Any inquisition or witch hunts.  




 Hopefully an article comes out about his experiences and treatment while with the Taliban.  




 The rebels use T-72's and T-80's. I'm sure they'd be quite effective unless the rebels were fantastic crews.  



















 In a perfect world..... Turkey, peshmerga, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Syrian rebels would all attack with ground troops. Along with coalition air strikes. Just completely overwhelm them.  














 Sounds like great news but we're going to  need a better source to confirm this.  



















 They spend more money policing the world than helping their own citizens.  
























 Gossip Girl.  Love that show.  




 Spades.  




 I hate Wendy's 




 Video of the execution http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VtAmk0Nrut0 




 What'd you sue them for specifically? 














 You can interview me, with stipulations.  
























 Throw a House Party.  














 Hey Arnold The Movie 




 Blueit 




 I tried it in high school but didn't start drinking until I was almost 20.  



















 She can now relate to any male voter who's wife asks to see his internet history.  









 Communism always setting the bar too high.  




 I didn't even know who Zayn was until two days ago.  




 Damn it military we're not giving you over half the budget to lose it on eBay.  














 Hopefully the law enforcement will play along and they won't have another robin stage incident. http://www.socnet.com/archive/index.php/t-13539.html 









 Nobody was helping Syria, now everyone is ganging up on Yemen.  




 I guess all those "mouse in a maze" research papers will be thrown away.  









 Politician.  



















 Shoot spitballs around the class 
























 Because Russia is a successful country and Ukraine just got out of a revolution. People just can't wrap their head around another country besides the U.S. policing the world.  









 It'd suck to be the guy with white underwear with red stains.  




 North Korea's new war plan. Start a fire on our side burn down the south with said fire.  
























 OP is actually Calvin Candie 




 My high school film teacher would always talk about this movie. I finally had a chance to watch it and don't regret it. A great cult classic. Here's the full movie on YouTube http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l5DZhDH8eew 









 Very true, noth parties have been giving up some garbage politicians. Also the good politicians from either side are completely overshadowed.  




 People that are too far left or right in politics. They just babble nonsense constantly.  




 Term limits for congress. Make lobbying illegal and strictly enforced.  



















 Zagina 




 Or the shuffling of papers is louder than dialogue.  That always bothered me.  




 True, they're border line failed state.  




 Maybe they borrowed it from a friend 



















 That's one way to stop a riot, just drive through is.  




 There used to be some legitimately good republican politicians, now day's they're all just psycho.  




 Bernie Sanders is one of the only politicians that's for the people. Regardless of what he runs as independent/democrat he has my vote.  














 I'll have to use this on my wife.  




 Squid jerky.  




 It's never ogre 




 Can't have a military industrial complex without it.  




 Now they know most politicians aren't actually for the voters.  









 I think that's just a woman knowing she's hot thing. Continue the criticism until people are enlightened.  




 Does it ever bother either of you knowing your SO is with someone else? 




 So Picasso's wife just walked up and said "you look pretty cool, take this box of art." Doesn't sound like the best defense strategy.  




 I could see why.  




 This doesn't seem like the right thread for this. It could be if it was talking about how this would effect the businesses economically. Still it seems like a good idea, put it on /r/worldnews 














 I guess the pharse "they can't get us all in trouble" doesn apply in India.  




 They look like twisted cartoon characters.  














 How many push ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.  




 PM me for my kik name 



















 Any vegetables, call me a child but I still refuse to eat them.  




 Lindsay Lohan, I still look up her playboy photos once in awhile.  




 Charlie don't surf  




 Don't ever go in the Army, Tre. 
Black man ain't got no place in the Army.  




 The Pentagon wants to cut troops but doesn't want to cut things like this.  












































 Looks like someone is about to take an arrow to the knee.  




 Everyone in New York needs to change their emergency number to Uber.  




 Crab people replaced him with a look alike.  




 Screw that, if anything campaign funds should be more regulated.  




 The guy takes one vacation and the world goes nuts.  




 At least the nations health care statistics will look good on paper.  




 Looks like someone needs to bring back male heels so we know who's more powerful.  




 He ran out of lifes, send him more.  









 See those ghouls behind him, it doesn't matter for him anymore.  




 I think everyone can agree that Malaysia needs to stop flying or using any planes at all.  



















 Obviously they're there to make a fort.  









 They made us read "Star Girl" everyone loved it except me. I wouldn't burn it by popular demand but I'd burn my copy.  









 Are you going to eventually take over the family business? If so, how will you run it differently? 



















 Thanks, now I'll never leave my house.  




 I haven't seen any good candidates from the republican or democratic side. The two people I want is Bernie Sanders or Ron Paul.  There's no guarantee either of them will run however.  









 The hour long walk through http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xyqXZDyR-RA 




 Sadness happens when there's only one house.  



















 Sounds like an average trip to Mexico 



















 I'm actually born in raised in Utah. I just have a terrible time saying those two words. I have pronounced it how the British do, I just get odd looks.  




 Cinnamon and aluminium 




 I have a bike that I'd rather not get stolen. When you get a new bike store it inside your room. I did, it took up a lot of space, but it was worth it.  




 I do the exact same thing. I'll go months with out drinking but when I do drink I drink everything.  




 Madject: the act of getting mad at a inanimate object.  




 /r/AskHistorians just living history everyday, different eras and different people all the time.  





























 Family Guy Telegraph Sex Business
http://www.adultswim.com/videos/family-guy/telegraph-sex-business/ 














 Walk it off 









 In my room http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1fQT-GjKlLw 




 Nazi's had some strange obsession with off the wall experiments.  














 When you take off your socks you've worn all day then scratch the sock imprint on your ankle.  














 Thanksgiving dinner 




 Fuddy Duddy
noun
: a person with old-fashioned or conservative ideas and attitudes 




















































































 They're fighting an all front war, with less mem and less firepower than Germany. They'll be over soon.  









 I believe every administration does something illegal or on the boarder of legality.  





























 Pretty sure Calvin Candie already discussed this.  




 Bad call ref, what are you blind.  









 I've wanted Asian cuisine all day so I walked down a few blocks to get some. I didn't read the sign before I entered into the Mexican restaurant right next to it. I felt too awkward to just leave so now I'm eating food I can't pronounce.  









 Mexico is about to become a failed state. How will the U.S. respond? 





























 There can be only one 




 Someone slap a brazzers tag on this.  




 My ankle and back. I ignore it because the army's medical system takes to long to do anything about it.  




 You'd go through a lot scorpions to get that much.  




 A more effective method than writing your congressman.  




 The military industrial complex at it's best. Helping the lobbyists and not the troops.  









 Gangs of New York.  














 Because they want to express their work through others. Another reason could be that they don't want to bring their work home with them.  




 Says you can eat it. Eating a rock will be taken off the bucket list.  









 So the opposite of daddy issues, everything about women ultimately leads up to their father.  









 Dream killer.....I'll check out the videos.  




 Solar powered roads. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qlTA3rnpgzU 









 "Do you know how fast you were going?" "Yes we have a radar too" 




 Toilet paper 




 Kids may say the darndest things but the Japanese make the craziest.  




 Are they rich yet, it doesn't say.  



















 You know someone there is making bank on beautifying gas masks.  




 Reminds me of Bugs Bunny asking Elmer Fudd what he's hunting.  




 Not caring about things, it would have saved a lot of worry.  




 Well he kinda screwed people with common sense because we have to hear anti vaccination supporters constantly.  




 Maybe he should have practiced more.  




 If any of my family didn't pay their parking tickets. Boom....right to jail.  




 Help build houses for Habit for Humanity.  




 I feel the democrats could throw in someone better.  




 Bacon in a frying pan.  




 The  thought that people complain about a lot of shit, but they never put in effort to fix it.  









 They all weren't ran over. It was between a Stryker roll over, an asthma attack and the running over cots. From what I was told.  




 The quiz doesn't like mobile devices.  




 My friends from 1st brigade came back from the field and said eight guys died. The captain was the only one to make the news.  









 Someone sounds a little self centered......Adolf.  




 Still waiting on Bernie Sanders announcement...... 




 I have to pee pee and caca....are you pinching off a loaf....I'm scared for life.  




 I still collect football and baseball cards.  




 Better political points than the U.S. party's.  









 I wonder if they weren't dissolved, would they start fighting each other again? 




 The kick on that looks deadly.  




 His one phone call was to Tim McGraw.  




 Hearts of Iron 3 




 Angry Video Game Nerd 




 "She got a big booty, so I call her big booty."  




 Drinking lot's of alcohol 




 Porn  




 Fighting in the middle east is helping protect our freedom, but the cartels aren't a problem.  




 Never kill the messenger 




 A top hat.  




 Can I eat said noodles? 




 Donnie Darko.  




 She looks way more happy than I would be in that situation.  




 Turn down for.....oh.  














 Except when a sheriff deputy didn't know about the training exercise and shot two candidates. http://articles.latimes.com/2002/feb/27/news/mn-30109 




 The military industrial complex wouldn't be so big, and America most likely wouldn't be in debt(or as much).  




 Bride: "I promise to let you nut in my asshole, let it drip into a bowl, and I'll eat every bit." Hope that's dirty enough.  




 I know we haven't seen each other in over a year, but I'm pregnant.  




 Real or fake? 




 Leonardo DiCaprio, John Wayne, and Marlon Brando. 




 Nice Goodfellas reference.  









 This just in: "Regression" breaks box office records.  




 There goes my Amazon vacation.  




 Where the bodies are.  




 Keep reposting the same question about Klondike bars on r/AskReddit  




 Men would have to go to the bathroom together like women. So nothing has changed on the women's side.  




 Kind of, they've been stepping up their heroin and meth game lately. Their trade could also be affected by the turf wars they're currently having.  




 Weapon accuracy.  




 Swimming. I've met a surprising amount of people that can't swim.  




 He'll never get those 5 years back. They need to make a law that states false accusers serve the same amount of time as their victim.  




 Good thing we still have her playboy spread. Too bad she went downhill.  




 "Get to the whip" 









 "High Class East Siders"
Best show ever btw.  




 Narco Cultura http://m.imdb.com/title/tt2504022/ 




 150 




 By the time it hits the front page people most likely will stop voting for it since it's already there. I'd say the majority of votes come to the post during its rising phase.  



















 So like a laser pointer, or a flash bamg on a stick.  




 That means the price of all my cheap Chinese products will go up.  
























 Walks in front of the TV even though there's a path behind it.  




 You could say she's going to get a whopper in her croissan'wich.  




 "I have to return some videotapes" 




 Looks like Mexico won't be winning the United States lottery any time soon.  




 Well we haven't had any good revolts lately, I'll get the car started.  




 "I didn't know it vibrates, been sitting on my hand for hours" 




 Did you buy enough toilet paper before you did this? 









 I'm always complaining to my wife that she never uses her shirt pocket. I'll have to buy her a few. Do you do women's and men's shirts? 




 Well, at least he has a hobby.  




 More money more problems 









 "This is the contract you're looking for." 




 Cookie dough 




 Henry Frick being a prick 









 That'll do pig.  




 Where's Netflix, I have a lot of bingeing to do.  




 Usually I'll smoke two Newports for breakfast.  




 They should have stopped trying with the F-35 1 trillion dollars ago. I understand we're developing something new, but there needs to be a earlier time to say "this just isn't working".  




 Clothing and Sales always low grade shit for a high price.  




 The effort some people put in when their Netflix goes down.  









 He's just standing there...... Menacingly 




 Millions of dollars to build a tunnel and replenish rockets. All of those better be made out of gold for that amount of money.  




 Opera glasses.  




 Gin and tonic. Maybe soju when I can find it 














 Don't try to lick your elbows.  




 Not to remove my mattress label. So far nothing.  









 They need to invest into desalination plants. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desalination 





























 Have sex with it.  




 It will be caught in a paradox and self destruct.  




 Gooby pls.  




 So he only got paid once a year, not good business.  




 When will people bring down all the dead bodies. http://sometimes-interesting.com/2011/06/29/over-200-dead-bodies-on-mount-everest/ 



















 I was reading reviews from different rental companies online and noticed most of them were negative. I was wondering if people only write reviews when they dislike the company.  



















 It probably didn't go to good if that fat dude on the right was in the plane.  














 Consequences dictate our course of action and it doesn't matter what's right. It's only wrong if you get caught. ~Jerk Off~ Tool 




 Pants on dance on 














 It's an epidemic. Have you seen the documentary Narco Cultra? It talks about how much influence and glorified the cartels are. http://m.imdb.com/title/tt2504022/ 



















 It's just frowned upon 




 Taxes 




 They could both be anteaters symbolizing that the suck up everything below them and make shit out of it.  
























