 I had a great dane when I was little and my Dad got rid of him. As soon as I had my own house, I took my first bonus and bought an Akita against my wife's wishes. Like your wife, they were inseparable until he died at 13. 




 My coworker sent flowers to the dental hygienist who was nice to him and got the same response 




 We don't always get it and I wonder if it's when we make it too strong and add water to it. That may allow the solids to have more liquid to saturate or suspend in as it cools 




 I almost saw it like the movie Rob Roy and his clan, but Bilbo wasn't really the clan leader as far as I remember. More like a direct member of the clan family, the Tooks.  




 Tolkien pretty much avoided any references to social divisions with the Hobbits in his books. Other than a mayor and sheriff, I can't remember any other references to government or social structure. How Bilbo even lived was pretty ambiguous. Other than Sam being a Gardener, the other hobbits were of unknown skill and vocation.  
As for their relationship, we see guys walking down the street holding hands or arms around each other and many people think gay. In other places it's not that unusual. I see it a lot in India. To them it is like women doing that in the US. It is not that unusual and doesn't draw certain conclusions.  
I also don't think the traveling companions saw Bilbo or Frodo as masters. They were more the reason they were on the adventure, than a master they were following. There was no indication in the book that Sam was protective of Frodo before he was given the task of protecting the ring bearer. I think they became best friends on their journey. I agree that Sam was likely the stronger of the 2, but we have no way of knowing what the effect would have been if Sam had to carry the ring as long as either Bilbo or Frodo did. I don't recall Sam showing any hesitation giving back the ring in the book, like they made it seem in the movie. 




 Tea has a lot more solids in it than filtered coffee. It's just the solids coming out as it cools down and the solution(water) cannot contain as much solid (tea particles) My wife drinks cappuccino and it has a lot of solids too and it does the same thing but much quicker.  
We also drink a lot of ice tea during the summer and put it in a glass jug. Some teas seem to cloud up more than others. It seems to have something to do with the natural strength and the amount of powder in the tea. Weaker teas that I have to steep longer or with more leaves, and tea bags or powdery teas like a breakfast tea seem to cloud faster for me.  
Aren't most Ceylon teas chopped leaves and not whole leaf? Almost like a good Darjeeling or Assam? 




 Check out our history in South American in general and Venezuela in specific and you will see why the US talking about human rights is taken with a grain of salt there.  
Our actions in South American over the last 100+ years make me doubt our vow to spread democracy and human rights throughout the world. We supported some of the most vicious dictators in the world in Central and South America as well as many other areas in the world. Perfect example: Saudi Arabia. Where are our actions against them to stop the beheadings, lashings, cutting off limbs, preventing women from having any rights at all, etc, etc.  
The issues between Venezuela and the US have little or nothing to do with their human rights and everything to do with their oil. 




 In Daytona Beach you are able to drive on the beach. One of my buddies was driving and we were all scoping some cute girls in their bikini's. Apparently the guys in the car in front of us were scoping the same girls and slowed way down. When we hit him our bumpers locked. Everyone except the 2 drivers were amused. 




 I had about 30% movement in my shoulder prior to surgery. I went to a therapist 3 times per week for 6 weeks. They also gave me a chair that passively manipulated my shoulder, which I used for 6 weeks as well.   
I've had both shoulders done and this Dr was not as involved in my therapy so it was a little slower going. It helped but not as much as when the Dr was involved after the first surgery. People I know who had a similar problem and did not have surgery or did not follow through on their therapy, are still suffering from severe lack of movement. 




 I go to Planet Fitness so I did 1/2 the leg machines on 1 day and the other 1/2 on the other day. Mostly top and bottom thigh and calf on one day and inside and outside thigh and stomach on the other day. Bike is my cool down so I always do that. I avoided all free weights until I was completely done with therapy. 




 All sorts of nations cleared out the natives when they moved in. Step back a bit further and see what the colonists did to the Caribbean natives.   
I have a good friend who's Armenian. They were also killed in large numbers by the Turks and they have never acknowledged what they did and still refuse to admit to genocide.  
I think it about the ability to make others aware that makes a difference.  How many newspapers or radio and tv stations are owned or were owned by the native Americans? Their voices were never heard. 




 The Sound of Music  
Followed closely by Mary Poppins 




 I had my labrum repaired last summer and I did the same thing. As long as I stretched my shoulder before, during and after, it was ok. I still have to be careful with working the upper body. 




 I did something similar, but I had a ring on and it shattered the glass in my hand. I am still getting slivers coming through my skin 30+ years later. 




 I have a BS in Computer Science. We have people on our team who do not have degrees though. For controller configuration it would probably be something like computer certifications, but for different hardware manufacturers. Allen Bradley is a good example of someone who does this type of work.  
I had 10 years of manufacturing plant experience before I got hired into my current company. I was brought in to do technical installations and configuration of the software, but they needed someone to train the end users so they asked if I would be willing to try it. I have been doing it ever since.  
Travel can be a pain in the bottom too. Most companies fly you out and in on weekends so you may only be home 1 day before you are leaving again. The working hours when you are out of the country can be monstrous too. 12 hour days is not unusual.  
I do not get to see much of the local tourist stuff, but I do get to meet and learn about the people who live there.  
A lot of people started on our team by coming up through the support center where they learned the applications and how to communicate with customers. Personally, I spent 10 years in sales working with the same industries I now do training for. At that time I was just a computer geek on the side. 




 Quite a while ago I read a similar story.  
A guy got a hand job when he was on a trip to China and when he got back to the states started having some problems. The first Dr. had no idea what it was. The 2nd Dr asked him if he got a hand job when he was in China. Turns out there is some virus and he was told they had to amputate. The 3rd and 4th Dr's said the same thing.  
He went back to China to get another opinion from a Dr with experience in his problem and was told; "In the US they always want to cut stuff off. If you wait a couple more weeks it will fall off on its own."
 




 sorry, sw=software.  
There are lots of applications that are used all over the world. I work with industrial applications mostly. There's also lots of work on the configuration side. Those jobs are usually extended stays; 3 months to a year. They need people to configure the robots and other automated systems. They usually work for the automation companies. Training requires less specific knowledge and a lot more general knowledge.  
I have anywhere from 5 to 50 people in my classes or I could be directly on the floor of the plant working with individual users. My trips last for as little as one day for regional manufacturing sites or up to 2 weeks for international sites. 




 Examples to support this?  
My guess what you are seeing is countries like China and the USSR were more concerned with everyone having a job. In capitalist countries it is all about profit and productivity. The owner will fire you if they think they can make more profit without you. 




 Tai Chi would fill a lot of your requirements and offer a lot of other benefits 




 Thank you very much for the link. I will try to find at least the 1st one when I am there. I brought about 1/2 a kilo home with me from Taiwan when I was there in October. I expect to do the same thing in Vietnam. 




 Thanks. My favorite teas come from Yunnan, China. Vietnam shares the same mountain range there and the tea can be very simiar. I am looking forward to trying a nice variety of Vietnamese teas while I am there. 




 That is the story. Thanks for sharing. :-) 




 I train sw applications around the world. I joined the military when I was 20 to see the world. That didn't work out so well because I got jacked around with the contract I had and the school I was guaranteed. Seeing it as a corporate trainer is even better because I travel first class most places and stay in 4 star hotels.  
There is lots of travel involved, but that is a bonus as well. 




 Fat? He didn't look fat to me. He was a big guy though like he once could have played football as something like a linebacker. He made enough to eat and fill his basic needs.  
Public transportation in Detroit sucks and there are no jobs in Detroit. He could not afford a vehicle but he was motivated enough to do what he had to to put money on the table. He has done this for well over a decade.  
And as for the money he got through crowdfunding was because people liked that he worked so hard when so many are willing to sit back and take. They chose to give him 5 or 10 bucks to help him get on his feet. They felt the effort he has put into keeping his job showed that given the chance, he would make good decisions.  
And here is something else for you to chew on; a dealership gave him a car too. 




 There was someone who named their daughter La-A and got upset with the teacher who called her Laa. The mother said, don't you see the dash, it's La dash A. Face palm 




 I appreciate all the helpful information 




 It's been a while, but here are the rolls imo:  
Rogue: sneak roll  
Victim: perception roll  
Rogue: I assume the other hand is using victims throat to control their head so there is a roll to choke  
Victim: reaction roll  
Rogue: -2 on attack to get knife in position  
Victim: reaction  
Act plays out 
Both: reaction roll   
Rogue: +2 to attack, +4 to crit Also -4 to defense during encounter due to both hands being used. 




 I'll be in the old French quarter in Hanoi for a week on business with a Sunday to explore.I'd like to find some nice teas if possible. Are there tea stores like in Taiwan? Also, any suggestions for things to do or be aware of? Thanks 




 When I was in Taiwan the tea store made a 12 year old pu-erh. His method was to boil the tea for about 5 minutes and then put it in the gai wan and pour fresh hot water over it and steep as you said. He said he did that to wake the tea up. 




 With the cups, it was noticeable in the store. The gai wan did not show its crackling until it had been used a few times. Customs opened it and when they put it back together, they didn't secure it so it got a little chip too. I'm heading back in a month and may get another one. The cups were cheap, like 3 US. The gai wan was about 50 US. It's made from a nice clay. 




 A local tea shop has 3 grades of it and I actually like the medium grade more than the top. It's $6 for 50 grams. The top grade one is $9 per 50g, bottom is $4.50 per 50g. 




 Like others have said, I like to switch things up. I love Yunnan black teas. They age like red wine but they are so good fresh, it makes them hard to save for later.  On the other hand a really nice Oriental Beauty oolong from Taiwan is tough to beat. I recently fell in love with old tree black tea from Taiwan. A lot of the black tea harvested in Taiwan is a strain developed when the Japanese controlled the island in WWII. It is a lot more like an Assam tea. The tea from the original tree plants is a bit more rare. I found it incredibly flowery like an oolong but more hearty like a black tea.
My favorite though - TWG Yunnan Gold Needle. It's too expensive to make it a regular tea so it is always appreciated. 




 Here is a gai wan and one of the teacups I bought while I was in Taiwan. It's hard to notice the crackling in the glaze in the picture but it really stands out nicely on both the cups and gai wan. 
http://imgur.com/gallery/BRg3jhY/new 




 http://www.yunnansourcing.us/store/index.php?id_product=461 controller=product Traditional Process Dian Hong Black tea of Feng Qing  It's a really nice fresh tasting tea that compliments the little honey I put in my tea. One of the things I like about Dian Hong's is even if you over brew them, they do not get bitter or overly tannic. They also have a nice malty, slightly smokey taste with lots of floral notes. 




 No, but I will be in Taiwan again at the end of the month and I am looking forward to trying some new teas again. I did just order 7 strains from your Chinese site. They have the 2015 spring teas in. I think one of my problems with trying to find the flavors from T2Tea or TWG is I am trying to hit a moving target. By that I mean that since Yunnan black teas age so nice, I am likely getting much older leaves than I do when I order from you because as multi location retail stores, I am sure they are buying in bulk and sell what they have before they place a new order. For all I know the T2Tea Grand Yunnan that I fell in love with was from a 2007 crop or something and they had it sitting on their shelves and in their warehouse for 2 years. I do absolutely love the freshness of the teas I get from you. I cannot touch your tea quality in any retail store in the area. 




 If you like the Bond movies at all I'd recommend Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books. He has 13 books and years of comics. The books are excellent because you get a lot more substance, but his stories are very good whether in comic or book form. The books have 2 main characters; Modesty Blaise and Willie Garvin. They are ex criminals who now help the Brit's intelligence service. The bad guys are even better than Bond's bad guys. 




 Have you tried any Jo Nesbo? His books deal with serial killers and a cop who chases them. I've found his books to be very well written and his stories are tight. 




 Anything by Pratchett or even Vonnegut. I am a sucker for good satire and they are both excellent satirists. 




 **From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler** is an excellent book for boys and girls around that age. 




 These are for light reading, but the Modesty Blaise books are excellent. They are similar to Fleming's Bond books, but I find O'Donnell's stories a bit more interesting and realistic. And Modesty is a far more interesting character than James Bond. 




 Kafka's The Castle as an example of the futility of life.
Howard Zinn's A People's History of the US as an example of how the little people get stepped on.
Huxley's Brave New World or Orwell's 1984 to show the future and change the framework we view some of society's actions through.
Dostoyevsky's Crime and Punishment as an example of how we distort our world both to the positive and negative, and it is just a downright depressing book. 




 Also, I use a gaiwan about 20% of the time but typically just use a strainer and place that in a travel cup for 1.5-3 min depending on the tea. 




 70% of the tea I drink is from Yunnan, about 20-25% is from Taiwan and the remaining 5-10% is from India. I get my Yunnan teas from Yunnan Sourcing (Both the US and Chinese sites) and my Taiwanese teas from Dragon Tea House. I still need to try some of their Yunnan's to see how they compare. The 2 best Yunnan's I have had were Grand Yunnan from T2Tea in Australia and TWG's Golden Needle. They both have a scent and flavor I have not found elsewhere. They are both expensive teas to get delivered to the states.
Thanks for sharing the info. I will try to look at the video later. 




 1984 2400 baud modems. Lots of BBS and finding information was harder than finding some subreddits. There was also a lot of sketchy stuff going on. In some ways, it was a lot easier to find the sketchy info on the web than it is now. There was a site called Long John or Pirate something that had all sorts of info on making drugs, explosives, scams to pull, ways to hide from the system, etc. Back then no one thought, who is watching me do this. Now that would be my first thought. 




 I was wondering the same thing. When I switched from Prince of Wales bag to loose, the change was significant. I liked the change, but I had to brew it different. Less tea and less time brewing was what worked for me. 




 10-20sec infusion? Maybe for English Breakfast tea but oolongs and most other teas need more time and even most people who drink breakfast teas want the bite you get from a decent brew time. I just carry a plastic cup to put my strainer in. Even a ziplock works in a pinch. 




 I have bought some tea online that also had a sea water flavor. I didn't drink it after the first try. I assume it had been waterlogged somewhere along the line. You could try different brew methods, gaiwan, strainer, pouring over leaves, putting leaves in hot water, etc. I found tea tastes a lot different depending on how you brew it. 




 Yes I have. I really enjoy that tea. It reminds me of the wild black tea from Taiwan. 




 I think you're right. I was in Taiwan recently and it seemed like it was mostly small farm products that were sold in just one or two stores. I can't find any of them online. 
Feng Qing is a county in Yunnan province. I've tried a few of those and they are nice. I do not know what Jin Ya is. I think Dian Hong is just the bud and top leaf or 2 leaves. 




 a fairly hot milf is my guess 




 I had the same problem. Lent out my original, got a different translation and wondered how I could have liked it. It did not flow at all and it was a chore to read. I found the Penguin translation again and loved it again.
I think it is challenging to maintain the flow or poetry of a book when it is translated. I can't even imagine how challenging it is with poetry where the number of syllables is maybe more important than it is in other literature. 




 vegetarian chili. But make a lot because everyone will eat it. I use 7 beans, red,green and yellow peppers. a couple of habanero's a couple jalapenos and 1 hot cherry pepper. I use both fresh tomatoes and canned and some paste to thicken it up. 




 My son started out with sauces and worked to perfect a couple at a time. He then started to learn Indian flavor profiles. Unfortunately his girlfriend is getting all the benefits of his skills now. It was like having a 4 star chef in the house. He was very good at building flavors. 




 Dosadi experiment by Frank Herbert. It's a much better first book to get into Frank Herbert than Dune imo. It should be easy to find used. 




 There are so many variables. Some strains, especially pure indica's, are known for couch lock. If someone cuts their plants down too late, the chemicals change and you get more of the one that makes you relaxed or tired too.  There are strains in the dispensaries around here that people call house cleaning bud because you cannot sit around really when you smoke it. It really lights a fire under you. But like all strains, the names mean little. The strain I am talking about is Bubba Kush but not all of them do that. Maybe because of crappy growing, genes or even cutting it down too late. 




 The names we get for Dian Hong's are funny. Yunnan Gold Needle, Grand Yunnan, Yunnan gold tips and now I see your White gold. It looks like a nice dian hong though. 




 I love your teas. I am still searching for a replacement for T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I am enjoying trying your Yunnan varieties. Some of them are very close to the taste of the Grand Yunnan. So far I have tried about 10 varieties of your Dian Hong's and the Red Alio (I may be getting the spelling wrong) is incredible. 
























 Do you ever have tea in a Chinese restaurant?  If you like that, it is typically an oolong.  If you like coffee, I'd recommend an Assam or even a breakfast tea.  If a friend wanted to get into teas, I'd start with oolongs and jasmine greens as they are the most taste friendly for starting.  
There are lots of decent black teas out there. Harny and Sons has some decent ones, Twinings is a UK standard and is pretty good too. I love their Prince of Wales tea. It is strong but still has nice subtle notes. And their Irish and English breakfast teas are very nice. Strong, but tasty. And try a decent darjeeling if you get a chance too. They are very unusual teas with a lot of subtle flavors. 




 To me it looks metallic. I think either you are not using filtered water and you are seeing the sediment like you do in an iron, or there is metal in the clay and it is showing up now.  




 I don't understand the foofy strainers. Strainers have one function, to give you a nice cupa. A product that forgets that main goal and worries more about style is not for me.  It looks nice though. 




 On the other hand, the Great Lake Alliance may be the strongest alliance. We'd even let Lake Champlain call themselves a great lake then. 




 He has the firecrackers to get through the blow stuff up phase, moving to the sending stuff up to blow up, and soon graduating to combining firecrackers and bottle rockets to blow stuff up in the air, just because. 




 There are so many things wrong with this picture. 




 I recently bought 3 teas from Dragon Tea House.  I ended up giving the other 2 Yunnan's away and I've had mixed feelings about their Wild leaf tea.  It is incredibly mild, almost to the point of no taste. I filled my strainer about 1/3 of the way with tea, and put it in freshly boiled water. Has anyone had better luck with their company? 




 TWG has some of the nicest high end teas I have ever seen.  But you can spend over 700US for 50g of some of their tea.  I also use Yunnan Sourcing and have found their teas to be way above average. I am waiting on a delivery of their spring teas. 




 Most Chinese restaurants I go to server Oolong.  You could even ask at the restaurants if they sell their tea.  Most places I go to will sell boxes to customers.  The great thing is, most restaurants do not use high quality tea so you should have a lot of growth potential in your tea tastes.  Every brew method will give you a different taste. 




 When I get to work I make a travel mug (16oz) of black tea. Typically a Dian Hong, although I bring my Taiwanese black teas in to mix things up sometimes.  If I make a 2nd cup, I typically use the leaves over and just pour the hot water over the leaves instead of filling the cup and putting the strainer in after.  




 T2Tea's Grand Yunnan. I bought 50g in their shop when I was working in Melbourne. Before I left I bought 100g more because it was the most amazing tea I had ever tried.  
After that, my wife or kids would order some for a Christmas present. I think my last order was a crop from a new year and the taste was significantly more mild. I ran out of the last bag of that about 1 month ago.  
TWG's best Dian Hong is very close if not better than T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I just happened upon it going through Singapore airport and I only got 50g 




 Sorry, I should have been more specific too. Any Black/Red Yunnan teas.They have some teas that look very interesting but I am worried they will be like Origins Tea and be fairly mediocre. Any input would be appreciated. 




 I guess I should mention, I am not, nor ever have been, involved in unions in any way. I am a systems analyst for industrial software applications. I have also never taken any money from the gov in unemployment or disability, nor has my wife, nor have my kids. I work with both management and union workers in my job. I have spent the last 5 years launching new software around the world. My job does not leave me much time to do touristy things, but I do get to meet the people and have lots of time to talk to them about their country. It is something I am very interested in when I travel. For the most part I am very non political when I am out of the country and I avoid arguments regardless of how strong I feel about a topic.  
I am there professionally to teach them new software, but I am there personally to learn about them and their country. 




 I see your agreements, but you seem to disregard how those policies manifest themselves. It manifests itself quite clearly in those countries.  
Linking to possibly the closest we have in the US to the National Enquirer, Murdoch's Daily Mail and next to The Economist as the most corporate/free market magazine; Forbes, tells me where you validate your opinions and why your opinions are what they are.  
Have you actually been to any of the BRIC countries? Everyone I worked with wanted out. The most common question I get is; how do I get a job with corporate in the US? There is no safety. Your life and your families lives are at constant risk.  
Through the 70's, S and C America, Africa and the islands of the Caribbean and far east were pretty much places the powerful countries put their people in power and sucked the nations dry. Corporations with their nations blessing and often assistance or Russian autocratic communists, would put a leader in power and get long term sweet heart deals on their resources. Effectively preventing that country from ever using their resources for the benefit of their people beyond the pay they got for removing them or harvesting the products. Examine Chiquita's or United Fruit's history in South and Central America to see what I am talking about. Read up on Baby Doc Duvalier's history in Haiti to see the kind of people we put in power. Take any critical resource we get from 3rd world countries and read the history. The western nations and the USSR had no regard for the people in the countries with the resources they wanted.  
Are the neo liberal policies better than dictatorships? Sure. I agree. Is that the best option? Not by any means.   
   
I'd recommend reading Howard Zinn's: A People's History of the United States.  That is what is playing out in the BRIC countries right now. I'd also recommend looking at how Norway has handled their natural resources and used those resources to benefit everyone in their country.  Income disparity in Norway is no where near where it is in other countries because of who owns their natural resources and the benefits the people of the nation get from those resources. The pay difference between top management and the workers is far less than it is in other countries as well. We are one of the top oil producing nations and we only got 2.5 billion in royalties in 2012 from all oil and gas royalties. We give them more subsidies than they gave in royalties. If we treated our resources like Norway does, we would be far better off as a nation.   
The pay gap between the top and bottom in US corporations has gone up by over 300% in the last 30 years. That is the framework that is getting pushed by the IMF and the World Bank. More for the top and far less for the bottom. And it's why graduates can't find jobs in the US. It's all going ot the top.  
As you may have noticed from all the downvotes I am getting for my views, most people agree with your viewpoint. So it appears there is little to worry about as my views are seen as fringe anyway. I've had too many classes in analytic reasoning, logic, and the media to be swayed by all the emotion based distortions we see in the mainstream, corporate owned media and even in media with opinions I support. Everyone distorts and everyone is really presenting opinions. It's just a matter of knowing how your media distorts information and what opinions they are interested in expressing.  
And last, capitalism is a wide net and includes the European socialist systems.  I doubt if many people feel that capitalism is bad. I just feel that it needs to keep it's eye on the health of the community and less on industries leaders and their backers getting extreme profits. I also see countries like Norway who follow that path have less social problems and more social equality. Unbalanced social systems become more autocratic and then fall. 




 In our area, they're in expensive malls which forces them to overprice their tea.  Their selection's also mediocre, other than flavored teas. They may make amazing flavored teas, but that is not my cup of tea. 




 I'm not sure 




 He said it would powder the entire kitchen and the cost and time to clean up would be substantial. 




 world news. :-) 




 Wow, I had no idea you could upload without a UID. You could try sending a note to the team, but for user submitted it will be 20 pages down in under an hour so not many people will see it. Well other than posting here so people going and trying to find what you are referencing.  I wish I could help. 




 Top 1% in state, top 5% in nation. Because of bad grades in HS, it actually hurt me. They would rather have people that try hard, than people who skate by on their brains.  




 How can you put an image up without an account? 




 I can delete images I submitted to imgur.  Click on the Post options in the bottom right hand corner. Click delete. 




 Being shown the Ansul system when I started and told if there is a fire to pull this lever. I was then told I would be fired if I ever pulled the lever. 




 Finding new teas is one of the joys of being a tea nut. I'm glad you found oolongs.  You'll be amazed by the diversity there is in oolongs too. 




 Did the kool aid taste good at least? 




 If you are just calling to threat, it's like they can sense it. You have to be willing to follow through. Most of the time it was the actual person cancelling my service who lowered our rate to keep us on. Because you know, the person you get when you make the selection to cancel the service, can't actually cancel it. They want to send you through the team to see if they can change your mind, why you're doing it, etc. 




 Thanks. The Brits called it black tea because of the color of the dried leaf. Chinese call it red tea because that is the color of the brew.  The Chinese I work with kept calling my tea red tea and even pointed to writing on the label of my tea that said Red Tea in Chinese but black tea in English. 




 I used to call about once a year to cancel because a competitor's rates matched the rate comcast gives new customers. They folded for years (or I guess in their eyes, kept me as a customer)before they actually refused and let me cancel 




 As someone with a background in economics you also know there are a lot of theories. Libertarians think they have all the answers. There are many economists who disagree with them and state the facts far better than I can.  
Free trade agreements have cost us jobs. There are things more important than profit. What I have found in my travels is democratic countries with the strongest social protections have the largest middle class.  
Russia? Really?  
Brazil? They have police with machine guns at the cash machine in the manufacturing plant of a huge company because gangs break in and rip out the machines on pay day. I'm a 5 minute ride into the site to get to the building I was working in. The smoking area was near the cash machines and it was very discerning. Kidnappings are common, and the streets are not really safe to walk on.  
India has a nice growing middle class, but the poverty is something you never forget.  
But, yes, anyone can go to a store and buy an iPhone or the latest Samsung tv. You can also starve on the side of the street.  I actually love both Brazil and India. They certainly are not the US, but the people are pretty nice and the food is great in both places. 




 I'm not sure what this is, but it sure looks like an amazing Yunnan.
http://bienvenuemag.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/maison-des-3-thes.jpg 




 The owner of a tea shop in Taiwan roasted a nice oolong and had me taste the roasted rolled leaf. It was amazing. I would munch on those all day. Talk about an expensive munchie though. 




 We weren't belligerent about it. Our kids were close friends and they pretty much gave everyone a bunch of BS about it and would never give straight answers. 




 It's not about smarts, it's about being informed, and most of the information out there is meant to distort and distract.   
An example in my own community; our neighborhood elementary school was always top 5% in the state. We also had 99% PTA membership in the school.  The city wanted to switch the school to a Jr. High but they knew the community would not agree. So working among themselves and the planning commission, they had a millage to do needed repairs to the school and bring it up to date with computers and the associated wiring. We had always supported school millage's so they were confident it would pass and it did.  
Then they told us after more analysis they were making the school a Jr. High instead and most of the money would be used to update all the bathrooms for older students. We did not pass the next 3 millages in our community. We knew the people on the planning committee and they all swore secrecy about the plan. They knew if it got out, they would all be thrown out of office. This gave them all another term. We are no longer friends with the 2 we knew. 




 I actually did not read the article. Hillary's views on trade deals have been pretty consistent. I also know the bias from the Hill site. I just know Hillary is no populist. She did not get where she is by supporting the little guys. When big biz gives her money, they get a worthwhile return on their investment. Like they do with most of them.  




 I understand. As much as I love my tea from T2Tea in Australia, that shipping stops me from ordering from them 90+% of the time. 




 Most people get their news from major corporations who do not have a populist view. Their view is that any leader who doesn't allow for a global free market in their country is bad, and they present that view to their readers over and over. It's hard to fault people for being ignorant when that is what their leaders want. 




 Yeah, at least in our country if a community is active in their political system, the system works pretty well.  
The problem is getting people off the TV and things like StumbleUpon, Imgur and reddit. ;-p 




 When I have been in S. America people talk about their corrupt gov. When I tell them it is pretty much the same in the US they are surprised. 




 I get tea from both China and Australia. It's almost 20US to ship from Australia but only 7 or 8 from China. I guess the queen has to get her cut. ;-p   
But, are you hoping to provide free shipping, or just worried the cost of shipping from Canada may be cost prohibitive to some? 




 You can get boxes for as little as 28 cents each here, so boxes really shouldn't be that much of a deal breaker, price wise.
  http://www.uline.com/BL_440/Lightweight-32-ECT-Boxes  
I don't worry about tracking. I just make a small order the first time to see how the company handles things. 




 OK, police actions with our military, to satisfy your semantics. Boots on the ground are boots on the ground. Ask some people who were in Cambodia to see if actually being at war with the country in the official sense matters. 




 Same with bringing back a US backed stooge to run your country.  However, the people who now have clean water and access to healthcare sure do seem to think their lives are better off.  I compare it to Cuba. Before Fidel, the rich controlled 90% of the wealth in the country. The poor had little access to education or healthcare. The rich are pissed because the control and wealth they used to have, they don't have anymore. The fact that 90% have more is irrelevant to them.  The 1% wants it all. 




 She looked like the photo on the left in BJ's Diary. 




 So I see. I am an old fart who watches more B W movies than anything released in the last 20 years. My wife and daughter were watching BJ's Diary and I found it a fun light movie. That was my exposure to her. 




 Alpha males are pigs. Unfortunately most women look for alpha males. 




 http://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/renee-zellwegers-changing-face-actress-4474527
 




 So do I compared to my pictures from 15 years ago. People that are heavy and change weight change even more. I'm pretty much my same weight from college but my friends who have gained or lost weight look so different.  I don't think she has had surgery, but I do not follow that crap too closely. 




 She's not a youngster anymore. She reminds me of Jennifer Lawrence because she seems like she is pretty without all the Hollywood dressings and comes across as less movie starish. 




 I never have enough of a layover in Dubai to get into the city. In Singapore's airport, they have a TWG shop. I had never heard of them before but the gold Yunnan I like so much looked incredible so I bought 50 grams. I think I paid 38 US for 50g.  It's the most expensive tea I have bought and it was good enough I would buy it again. For special occasions. :-) 




 Thanks. I will be in Taoyuan City and will visit the 2 tea shops I found near the hotel I was staying in. Hopefully I will be able to find a couple oolongs and nice black teas like I did in October of last year. 




 I think WMF's tea strainer is perfect. One of the problems I have with putting my tea directly in my cup is the fact that it continues to steep and often gets bitter.
As a new loose leaf drinker, I would recommend trying several different oolongs from Taiwan and China. I have found a relatively inexpensive oolong that I like as much as much higher priced ones. It's just a nice midgrade Tie Guan Yin. For a special treat, try Oriental Beauty from Taiwan. 




 I'm surprised no one has mentioned filtered water. I think the difference between regular tap water and filtered water is night and day.  
I try to switch up each week or every other week so the flavor of Yunnan teas do not get washed away. I find if I exclusively drink them, I do not get the same flavor after a while.  Typically I bounce between black tea from Taiwan or black teas from Yunnan.  
My routine is; as soon as I get into work I heat water in my teapot, add a bit of honey to the cup, pour the hot water into the travel mug I use and decide which of the 3 or 4 teas I keep at work to drink. I place the tea in my strainer and steep anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes depending on what I am wrapped up in. That will usually get me through the work day. When I get home I typically make an oolong or a mild Yunnan and follow the same steps. I use a gaiwan if friends are over and want to share some tea.  
I just ordered 7 new spring teas from Yunnan Sourcing so there will be a tea tasting going on in about 2 weeks that I am looking forward to. 




 That is a bummer. I am heading there in about 3 weeks and was looking forward to getting some more nice oolongs and their incredible old tree black teas. I actually chose to be routed through Taiwan for that reason. Arghh 




 TWG out of Singapore and T2Tea in Australia both have incredible teas. They are expensive though and shipping is not cheap either.  
Yunnan Sourcing offers the best Chinese tea I have found online, for a reasonable price. Yunnan teas have been my favorite for a while and I just found Yunnan Sourcing about a year ago. I've tried about 20 of their teas and haven't found anything I did not like and some I loved. I've also tried about 5 other Chinese tea sites and have given each of those teas away to less particular friends. 




 The owner of the tea store in Taiwan told me the same thing when I bought my gaiwan.   




 What compensation was given to the people who lived on that land? Taking more land and the water is not compensation. 




 I think the delicacy of a nice golden Yunnan is hard to beat. I use Yunnan Sourcing for my tea. I get most of it from their Chinese site. TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan is incredible. 
























 cool. At first I thought I was just missing something. 




 Angela Merkel. Probably the most  in the know, powerful western politician. I'd tell the truth about the system.  I'd also be killed before the day was out by the puppeteers. 

Or some hot lesbian. And I'd explore stuff. 




 Thanks, I just had a Thai red curry dish on Saturday. I'm looking forward to trying the Vietnamese curries. I've only tried their Pho. My next trip after this is Thailand which I am looking forward to also. 




 No pu'er tea for me yet. I find them to be too earthy.  More and more tea is getting used for red tea in Yunnan because it is gaining such an international following and the prices they can get. They're also finding they can age them and develop a lot more flavor without becoming a pu'er tea.  The link from earlier talks about the differences. 




 Or more accurately, removed for admitting to hacking into the airplane systems while flying with them in the past, and deemed a security risk because of that. Personally, as a frequent flyer, I support United's actions. 




 My parents had no way to control my or my brothers behavior short of putting themselves in jail by keeping us chained in the basement. And as a parent now, raising kids can be tough. Pressing harder with the boot on their neck is not how you keep them out of trouble either. The more a kid is stepped on, the more they rebel. There is no formula to raise good kids or everyone would do it. 




 I just have overnight layovers in Taiwan flying to and from Vietnam, so I'll just hit the 2 tea stores in Taoyuan City I found last time and maybe the day market if I have time. 




 They also both describe a curing method. https://www.teatrekker.com/new-rest-aged-tea  
It's almost like the chlorophyll you get with some herbs. It's also more of a smell flavor than a tongue flavor.  
I have found this to be true with all of the Yunnan's I get and notice it very little with the Taiwanese red teas. TWG's golden needle and T2Tea's grand yunnan are the flavors I am looking for. Yunnan Sourcings Feng Qing Golden bud is close, but I think they use more tippy leaves. And I really like Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng from autumn 2014.  Spring of 2015 is really bright still and it overpowers the subtlety of a nice Yunnan. 




 We already have enough Omen sequels. 




 Red. Pu'er teas are a bit rough for me still.  I'm not really sure what the difference is between aged tea and pu'er. I just know aged tastes more mellow and has less of the brightness a new leaf has. Pu'er tastes like dirt to me.  There are other notes, but the earthiness is the main taste I get. 




 Can't it be added so we can put it in before we save? I have no idea what functionality is allowed when a subreddit is created. 




 I see a lot of interesting stuff on ali baba but it seems like an ebay to me. IMO the minimum you need is a website. But I am not a blended tea drinker. It seems to be a lot of mass market tea with flavorings added to hide that you're drinking the bottom rung of tea. 




 She probably meant her parents owned them. It would fit with the attitude she showed. 









 I fell in love with a couple of mid size companies Yunnan tea. I think a lot of what I was getting from them was aged tea because of the volume I imagine they buy. Their prices were both outside of what I would consider for everyday tea.  
My dilemma is, when I find a tea that I like after it has aged for 3 to 6 months (or more), that seasonal variety is gone. Since each season is different, as is each year, I'm struggling to find a tea to get in enough quantity to get me through a while.  
Tea Trekker has some Yunnan's aged 2 years that I am going to try next.  Hopefully the curing allows me to find something that I can get 250 or 500g's of. 




 I have a travel mug that I pour into a small tea cup. My strainer sits on top of the travel mug. When I'm done, I throw them in the garden 




 I feel bad for the farmers. I'll be there in a couple weeks and I am planning on getting some high mountain teas, especially the Sun Moon Lake area. It looks like it will be more expensive than last time. Maybe I can get a discount on last years crop. haha 




 Just some general info you may like:  
There is a grading scale for tea you may see: SFTGFOP1 or parts of that. It means:  
Special, finest, tippy, golden, flowery, orange, pekoe, 1st quality. It has to do with where the leaf is taken and when. You find this rating a lot in Darjeelings. I rarely see it in Chinese teas.  
The main types of tea are:  
White tea, which is the first leaf and is not fermented at all.  
Green tea, which is also unfermented and has incredible variation based on region and curing methods.  
Oolong, is a fermented tea which means it is cured with heat to develop more flavor. There are huge variations in region, how much they are fermented and how they are processed.  
Black tea is heavily fermented tea. Like oolongs, there is significant variation between regions and processing.  
Rooibos which is not really the same plant as tea, is very popular in Africa and becoming more popular in the west.  I believe it has a lot more medicinal and nutritional properties. I found it a little too tangy.  
Herbal teas, which can really be anything. Check Celestial Seasonings varieties as an example.  
There are also a lot of regional drinks that are unique, like Chai's, Mate's, etc.  
That is just some basic info I have gathered since I was in your shoes about 4 or 5 years ago. I hope it helps. 




 If you like Darjeelings, hopefully you have been able to try some of the good ones. They are an excellent example of how the same tea and region can produce incredibly different teas. So as you try new teas/regions, remember that same thing holds true.  
I also found a lot of people don't like green tea because they brew it like a black tea. It gets bitter very fast and like a good Darjeeling and oolong, you cannot use the color as an indication of when it is ready. 




 When I thought of blends, this was the only thing that came to mind for me too.  Unfortunately, what I liked was Twinings loose and I cannot find it anymore, even online.  Although I did like sleepy time tea, but that is tea in name alone. 




 Not sure about blends but;  
Yunnan black tea - I found this about 4 years ago and have never looked back.  
Taiwanese black tea - I love the natural fruitiness and floral side of their teas.  
Highly fermented oolongs - I like the nuttiness oolongs get when they have a heavier fermentation. I like oolongs from both China and Taiwan.  
Twinings Prince of Wales - My regular before I started getting into whole leaf tea. It has such a unique taste that I still keep a tin around.  
Jasmine green - I like gunpowder green too, but if I drink a green tea, it is a Jasmine 90% of the time 




 It's a lot faster to fly over the thin part of the globe. Any flights over or near the equator fly pretty much a straight line, within flight paths.  I've done ParisJohannesburg, S. Africa, ChicagoBuenos Aires, Argentina and LAMelbourne, Australia. Those flights over the equator are long. Very long 




 I did this to myself. The first corporate job I had was running database processes, After about 6 months, I was wondering why this was not automated so I started building VXRexx scripts to automate it.  Once the team realized what I was doing, they created a project to turn the whole process into a script. I won the corporate annual achievement award for coming up with the idea that took a multi day process and turning it into a program that will run in under an hour. However, I did program myself out of a job. Luckily I proved myself by doing it, so they put me in another position instead of letting me go. And 20+ years later, I am still working for the same company. 




 Vonnegut has a book called Player Piano that is about technology automating all of our jobs. As a trainer I am creating my player piano by making all of my lessons available in podcast. 




 Yes, I bring 5 or 6 dvd's with me when I travel. I hadn't watched it in about a year so it was a good selection for a 14 hour plane ride. 




 Yes, from a little shop about 4 blocks from the big mall in Taoyuan City 




 Unfortunately Twinings does not make their Russian Caravan anymore.  I was able to find some old tea bags in Europe somewhere, but I preferred the loose. I've tried other companies and they are not even close imo. 




 I've never tried anything but Taiwanese and Chinese in a gaiwan, but they were both very different than in my travel mug steeped through a strainer. 




 I would definitely be interested. This looks very close to T2Tea and will probably be the next tea I get online. http://www.teatrekker.com/teas/yunnan-jingdong-wuliang-golden-threads-12  




 Are they fairly clear brews like you get from the higher altitude?  When I first brewed a high elevation FTGFOP Darjeeling I thought I messed up and didn't add enough leaves. Then I tasted it. mm mmm good. They're much more tannic than a Taiwanese or Yunnan black though, which makes them rougher on my stomach. 




 I got tea drunk in all the shops trying so many teas.  My biggest problem was testing everything in gaiwan's, when I use a strainer at home. There is a big taste difference between the precision you get from a gaiwan and what I get from the strainer. I also use a little local honey which brings out some flavors and mutes others 




 About 10 of that price is shipping. TWG's website just recently came online so I have not checked their shipping price but their price is over 40US for 50g online (I think 25US in Singapore's airport), where T2Tea was 45 US to ship 4 50g bags but their tea was only 18 for 50g.  I've since tried about 30 Yunnan's looking for their flavor, with very limited success.  Yunnan Sourcing is the closest I have found, so I am still going through their varieties. Tea Trekker looks interesting too, but I haven't tried them yet.  
There is one store in a city about 50 miles from me that gets an occasional organic FTGFOP1 Golden bud Yunnan that has almost everything except the intoxicating aroma.  
Processing is so critical to tea, I just figured I was paying for some master to turn good Yunnan into an elixir. :-) 




 As for the key chain, just put it in the small cheesecloth bags you can get for adding herbs to stews and soups and put it in anything you can attach then. The cloth would protect the pearls of gunpowder tea. 




 Twinings makes a decent gunpowder green and it is about 5 US for 100g. It is a main brand out of England and distributed around the world. We have it in our local grocery stores. 




 Thanks. I'm excited to go back and get more Oriental Beauty and the High Mountain box.  I routed myself through Taiwan on a trip to Vietnam I have coming up so I could get more.  
I have all those Yunnan's because I am trying to find something like TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan or what T2Tea's Grand Yunnan used to taste like, without paying 25+ for 50g's.  
Thanks for the translation too. 




 Have you tried something like a Lingia or Steinthal plantation Darjeeling? I find them much more mild than the Taiwan teas unless it is very lightly fermented. 




 Excellent information. I do find a huge taste difference between low and high altitude Darjeeling teas. Low ones are almost like a Ceylon tea. High ones are where Darjeeling got the name Champagne of tea. 




 It's like the latitude Taiwan is on is perfect. The mountains and moist air makes perfect tea growing weather. Northern Vietnam is starting to develop the same mountains that butt up against Yunnan province in China. Continue west into the Darjeeling region of India. For me, that latitude has all the teas I love.  
To get more specific so it is more of the terroir (new word for me) I'd say Feng Qing county in Yunnan province, which is the true origin of Dian Hongs, fits.  I also think Taiwan has their own terroir. You can taste the soil like you can in a good coffee bean. 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/GGPVR/new  I put this on Reddit but I don't see it. I think it is the 2 on the right in the luggage.  




 For me it is their Grand Yunnan 22, surprise. :-)  
Their Russian teas are nice too. 




 She didn't tell me it was red tea. Just that it said Tieguanyin. I bought it in Taiwan as black tea. There may have been a bit of a language barrier that my smartphone did not get past in Taiwan. :-) 




 That bag was pu-erh tea. I gave it to some of the Chinese I work with. I couldn't handle it. Way too earthy for me.  Most of the silver bags in my cabinet are Yunnan's, which are my favorite.  
That TWG Yunnan is dangerously good. Sort of like trying Bellhaven's for the first time.  
My Tiguanyin and Darjeeling Ligia are in my tea cabinet at work. I'm hoping to get my new order of 2015 Dian Hong's and bring one of those in. 









 It's interesting you say that. I was given 2 tins of a very nice Taiwanese black tea. When I asked a Chinese girl at work what the tin said, she said tieguanyin, which I thought was oolong. She confused me even more. So, can tieguanyin be both oolong and when fully fermented become red tea? Is it a region or leaf type? 




 Watching Russian cadets learning to march is only slightly more interesting than watching paint dry. 




 I travel a lot for work and last year I was in Mexico for about 3 weeks. While there I ate any fruit and veggie I wanted, had ice in my drinks and pretty much ate what I wanted.  While eating with a co worker his college professor walked up and while talking he asked if I had Montezuma's revenge yet. I said, thankfully no.  When he was surprised I told him I drank tea all day long with honey in it. (Honey kills bacteria.) When he heard I was eating so much honey, he realized why I had not had problems. 




 EU3 (Europa Universalis) 




 Sometimes trying to figure out which are inexpensive and which are cheap can be a challenge. 




 Yes, you are correct. #18, not 28.  Thanks for clarifying that.  Just me getting confused.  Personally I am not a huge fan. It comes across as something the Brits might like a lot because it may stand up to milk and sugar. 




 I try to switch from my Yunnan teas on occasion so I do not lose the subtle flavors I love. There are 2 main black teas from Taiwan. One is the strain developed when the Japanese controlled Taiwan in the 30's-40's which is known as #18 or Hung Yu. Most of the large plantations use this tea.  They also still have the native tea which is incredibly fruity. I like that enough to ration my use of it. I'm hoping to get 250g's when I go back next month.  
Today I had the Hung Yu and it is much stronger and more tannic than I am used to now.  Very strong teas make my stomach a little wacka. At least our guest restaurant in our building is Indian today, which means I will have a big lunch so it won't bother me much longer.  
Edit: updated with correct # 




 Landfills release a lot of heat. Makes snow melt fast.  We have one converted landfill but it was an old fill and the slope is actually more off the side than directly on top. 




 Read the history of Margarine. The same thing is happening with Tesla.  The existing product is using gov regulations to protect their market share. 




 A little steel wool will get the rust off. No worries about it.  
If you have tea bags, use them. Tea bag manufacturers grind the tea and it really doesn't work well in a strainer. Especially the larger hole strainers that typically come with those tea pots.  
I can taste if the cup I use had coffee in it last time, so using the same container to brew both would be unacceptable to me.  You can get a french press for coffee for under 10 bucks and that will work fine to make your ground coffee.  People even use French Presses for tea.  You can really put anything in any strainer and pour hot water over it and you will pick up the flavor.  In a pinch you could probably use a food strainer or cheese cloth. 




 I'd think getting supplements from China would be very, very high risk.  
Here is a link I found though: http://www.weiku.com/Sliced-Herbal-Medicine/buy-Ephedra-Ephedra-Sinensis-Ma-Huang-Herbs.html 




 I started drinking tea again because of honey. I have too much acid in my stomach and I had bad pollen allergies. Honey greatly reduces both problems. I have friends with acid reflux who I have turned on to honey as well, and they then became tea drinkers too.  Tea and honey is my lifeline. 




 I agree. Twinings was the tea brand that opened my eyes to better tea.  I drank their Prince of Wales for about 10 years. I also like their gunpowder green and still get that. Their jasmine green is nice and people who like Earl Grey, love theirs.  I still use their tins for my loose tea that comes in bags. 




 I'm not into flavored teas beyond jasmine green so I can't help with that side.  However, I'd try teas from different regions.  I love Yunnan teas. I find them to be very floral and naturally sweet. Fujian teas are a bit stronger imo. They are sort of 1/2 way between an Assam and a Yunnan. Ceylon teas can be very strong and have a taste close to what you get from a nice bag tea.  Darjeelings are some of the most sought after teas and can be the most expensive as well.  I really like the Lingia Darjeeling. It's not too expensive, but it is way better than a mass produced Darjeeling like Twinings or Harney and Sons have. Darjeelings have some of the most subtle flavors of any tea I have tried.  
Also try different teas, white, green, oolong (lightly and heavily fermented) and black teas.  I wouldn't go crazy with expensive teas until you really know what you like. A decent mid grade will give you a good idea of what the tea type will be like. 
























 When I first started posting on a messageboard there were a few jerks who would make me steam. Then I met them. I don't stress too much about the jerks anymore bacause we have no idea what kind of fool we are arguing with. The guy getting my goat turned out to be some trust fund kid with serious addiction issues. He was so wasted when I met him the 2nd time, he had his pants on backwards. That is how I picture fools online now. 




 I came in to say the same thing. You could put a tag with the type or name too. 




 It's very interesting how people downvote on reddit. You ask a legitimate question and get DV's. Very odd indeed 




 I think it depends on where you get your tea. I drink Chinese teas about 90% of the time. This is a bit of a dilemna because I have no faith in most Chinese products meeting their stated guidelines. Especially organic products. I have had a number of Chinese teas, organic and none, that give me sore gums or sores in my cheek. 




 There was an aged oolong at duty free in Taipei that looked and smelled amazing. It was pretty expensive. I'm trying to decide if I get it on my way back through. Arghhhh 




 Tea is sort of like scotch in that the quality of the ingredients. Also in the processing. High grade teas are processed by experts whose skills are valuable and the quality of the leaf is much higher. Companies like lipton buy cheap tea and it tastes like it. I really notice the quality differences in Oolong
 




 I am in Taipei today and on to Vietnam tomorrow. Looking forward to some exploring on Sunday. Thanks again for recommendations. 




 There are many people who view the stories in the bible as parables. Whether the stories are 100% fact or not means less than the meaning of the story and how we can learn from them.  
But I'm not arguing from the position of a believer. Far East philosophies have always made more sense to me than western religions. 




 Talk to Dalai Lama 




 Moses: "I can part the Red Sea, but no one can look at it. I'll just write it down and describe it to you." 




 The way the religion developed was a lot different than other branches of Christianity. Luther, Ammann (Amish), Fox (Quakers), etc did not say they found gold tablets, magic hats, etc.  It was about interpretations of the Old and New Testament or which was focused on more. They branched off from existing religious groups.  
I can't think of another religion founded in the last 300 years based on some magic/miracle happening that is accepted as being legitimate any more than people do Mormonism. If Moses came down and said; I got 10 Commandments etched in stone from God, but no one can see them. It may have caused some doubt among reasonable people. Even 5000+ years ago. Let alone 200. 




 That's pretty much what I do everywhere I travel, minus the drinking.  I'm not much of a drinker but I had some cachaca in Brazil and had a few beers at the Poulaner restaurant in St. Petersburg, Russia. Everywhere else I've pretty much stuck to juice, tea and water.  
I'm looking forward to trying some street food and getting lost and letting Google maps get me back.  
Thanks for the advice and recommendations. 




 Thanks for all your advice and recommendations.  I didn't realize the bay was so far.  I'll spend my day eating food and searching for some nice Vietnamese black teas. 




 I'll be in Hanoi on business soon. I arrive on Saturday which leaves Sunday to do something. I'll be working from 6-6 the rest of the week and fly out on the following Saturday. I'll have a couple hours each night to walk around but I'll probably stay within a mile or so of my hotel in the Old Quarter. That leaves one day to really explore a little. While I'd really like to see Halong Bay, I'd hate to miss exploring the city in what could be my only opportunity to visit.  
I'd appreciate anyone's opinions or advice. Thanks 









 Sorry, I do not have a photographic memory so I cannot give you bibliographical information. You may want to argue with the German defense minister at the time because his view is fairly consistent with mine, but they were actual insiders, not people like you and me getting public information with a heavy dose of distortion. 




 No doubt. :-)  
I appreciate your methods and I think it would be a pleasure to talk to you in person. The way you disagree without being offensive and actually adding useful information is unusual on the web. I believe I could learn a lot of new things from you. 




 http://www.outwardbound.org/classic/adult-expeditions/  
We sort of do, it's called Outward Bound. I've heard nothing but great things about their programs 




 A diplomat with the German Foreign Ministry says that there was, of course, a consensus between the two sides. Indeed, the Soviets would hardly have agreed to take part in the two-plus-four talks if they had known that NATO would later accept Poland, Hungary and other Eastern European countries as members.  

The negotiations with Gorbachev were already difficult enough, with Western politicians repeatedly insisting that they were not going to derive -- in the words of then-US President George H. W. Bush -- any "unilateral advantage" from the situation, and that there would be "no shift in the balance of power" between the East and the West, as Genscher put it. Russia today is certainly somewhat justified in citing, at the very least, the spirit of the 1990 agreements.  
I'll defer to Germany's Defense minister at the time. I'm sure he is more aware of what was going on than either of us. 




 cold call telemarketer?  So in other words a total jerk with no real skills beyond taking advantage of the old and stupid and pissing everyone else off with your calls. You wouldn't have to fire me. I'd have found a better job long ago. 




 No, but I do remember the time. I've been a news junkie since the mid 70's. Iran Contra proved that I needed to go beyond the corporate news to find the truth. When the USSR fell, I had a lot of concern about what was going to happen to the nukes and military of the old USSR nations.  There was a lot of discussion at the time about NATO and whether NATO would move east.  I'm not saying anything some of the high level diplomats at the time said and are still saying. As the article states.  




 So what is your job in the Russian gov?  Are you one of those people in that building who do nothing but post on western media? I wondered how they stop people like you from having their eyes opened once they were exposed to an non state controlled media. 




 I never said there was. I said agreement. Do I think we know every agreement our nation has made with another nation? Not a chance. Do I think nations renege on agreements? Certainly. Do I think only the bad guys do it? Once again, not a chance. We antagonize every bit as much as they do. Whoever the proverbial they are at the time. Eisenhower had it right. 




 First I absolutely believe the Soviets are experts at media and public relations manipulation. By no means do I see Putin or Russia as a standard for others to dream of.  Last time I came back from Russia I told my manager I would do everything possible to never return. Their industry was pretty much commandeered by the KGB who pretty much became the Russian mafia as well.  
I also think there was an agreement about NATO expansion. Was there a signed treaty. I really don't know. But it wasn't like they really had much of a working gov as they were collapsing and things were happening pretty fast on the international stage. Did the US intend to renege on an agreement knowing you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube? Once again, I have no idea.  
Bush was Prez at the time and he was ex CIA, so there is no telling what games within games were being played.  
I also have no belief whatsoever that we know all agreements made between the US and other countries. Kuwait and Iraq were not the exception to the rule. It is the standard. Lies, built on lies, built on lies, sprinkled with truth.  MOSSAD knows the truth but they won't tell.  
(to add some levity) 




 http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html 




 http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html. 




 *Earlier this month, about 300 US paratroopers arrived in western Ukraine to train with Ukrainian national guard units.  
  
At the time, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov warned the move "could seriously destabilise" the situation in Ukraine.  
  
One of the key points of the Minsk deal stipulates that all foreign armed groups, weapons and mercenaries should withdraw from Ukrainian territory.*  
Like Iraq, there is a lot more to this than what both east and west are saying.  When the USSR broke up, NATO promised to never expand into the old USSR nations. And we've been ignoring that for the last few years. Also, I believe Putin wants to build Russia's influence back to what it was prior to the break up of the USSR. Chicken or egg first? You choose mostly based on where you get your info and what filters you use on that info.
 




 Compare the timing of when the great buffalo slaughters happened and when barb wire was invented. Barb wire was after the fact. 




 I put a little honey in my tea, so I make a pint mug and then just pour a little into a cup. It keeps the tea in the travel mug hotter for about an hour or so by not opening it over and over to sip from. 




 IMO any tea you like that has some body to it, makes a nice ice tea.  I use cheap Darjeeling because the high mountain Darjeeling's I like are very light and don't transfer their flavor well cold imo. I also like Prince of Wales cold. But I will drink any tea just about, cold or hot. With all my travels, I get a lot of odd versions. 




 They had them where I stayed in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Novrogod. http://imgur.com/gallery/9mkTz/new 




 Let the churches marry who they want and let the courts marry any couple who wants to get married.  




 They also were not compatible with cow ranching. It was pretty much the same with sheep in cow country. 









 A lot of Chinese teas are Suchongs which are quite smokey.  I have never noticed a smokey taste in any of the Dian Hongs (Yunnan black tea) 




 Clive Barker; all of his books are kind of erotic fantasy mixed with a nice stir of a twisted Stephen King. There is no shortage of gender angles in his stories either. 




 The same question was asked about 150 years ago when there was all the buffalo running around and the ranchers wanted to make cow the red meat we ate.  The killing of the buffalo was both to weaken the Indians and to strengthen the powerful ranchers business.  Cows lend themselves to ranching a lot more than wild game like Buffalo, deer, elk, etc. 




 L Ron Hubbard said if you really want to get rich you need to start a religion. And he did.  But we're the fools spending good money on stuff because it has the right label. It is all about image and they are good at protecting their image. 




 Only the libertarian group. The evangelical's, which are the core of the Republican base want laws to prevent things like prostitution and drug use.  Most conservatives are conservative and do not like change. 




 Yunnan blacks actually develop more flavor over time.  When they are fresh, they are so bright flavored you really do not get the subtle notes at all.  They compare them to red wines and how they develop flavor as they age. It's one of the reasons most Pu'er tea comes from Yunnan. 




 Do you drink bagged tea or loose?  Moving from bag to loose, you may want to stick with Assam's, Ceylon's or Darjeeling teas. (I don't have any experience with African teas so I am not sure what they are like.)  When I switched, all I drank was Twinings darjeeling and Prince of Wales which are both pretty hearty.  From there making the step to more mellow loose teas was easier. 




 When I first tried the Lingia I thought I did not brew it enough or did not use enough tea.  It blew my mind when it had as much flavor as it did, as light as it was.  It's almost like how deceiving Oolong's are when you look at the color and then taste it and get a mouth full of flavor.  Color has no bearing on taste with those teas.  




 It's from a company called WMF, they make all sorts of high quality cookware and accessories.   




 Switching up from my normal Yunnan black tea and having a nice SFTGFOP1 Lingia Darjeeling this morning. For a change of pace, it's tough to beat. 









 Interesting perspective. I believe it is the best book to read about the labor movement and the methods used to weaken the power of laborers.  If you know of a better book that is not all pro capitalist, share the title.  Incredibly enough, reading a wide swath of information about a topic is how you learn. Not reading one perspective over and over. Which is what most people seem to do. 




 Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States is a good book about labor and other topics. 




 There would definitely be punishment delivered 




 Looking out at the sky and realizing you are seeing into infinity has blown my mind since I first learned the concept. 




 I'd have to think they put in as many steps as almost any profession. Many of their steps are taken with urgency. I meander around a class all day. :-) 




 I train software in a classroom setting and I am on my feet walking around a classroom for 8 1/2 hours with a 1/2 hour to sit and catch up on email. Like you, and unlike a FedEx driver, we don't have a vehicle to sit in for 1/2 the day. I imagine emergency room workers put in a lot of foot miles too. I actually wear shoes that are very popular in hospitals because of their comfort for hours on end. 




 I almost find Shogun to be more of a romantic novel. The rest of them are historical novels. King Rat sort of stands on its own but it has characters from Noble House. 




 Thanks. 80-90% of the tea I drink is Yunnan black tea and they seem to specialize in them. I'll have to add them to the list and try them soon. 




 A girl I work with went back to China and bought a lot of tea from the tea market with her brother. They bought a bunch of small bags like that and sealed them like we do with seal-a-meal. The bag may be generic.  Once you open it and share a picture, people may be able to tell if it is a tieguanyin. 




 I really enjoyed Clavell's books on Asia's far east. I found Shogun a tough read, but the rest of the series is very good and gives you a nice flavor of China in the 17th and 18th century and even into the 19th and 20th in the last books. 




 I just read about there being over 100 variations of tea from Yunnan.  I have never noticed a sour taste. Real fresh Dian Hongs can taste very bright, but I don't consider it sour.  One of the things I like about Dian Hongs is how they never seem to get bitter. 




 I was searching for information about Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng and found the http://www.panthermoontea.com/black-tea--china-and-taiwan.html site.  
It looks like they have some excellent teas.  Has anyone tried them or know anything about them? 
























 Mini crop circles 




 Hide it in my wife's junk drawer. Although it may never be found then. ;-p 




 I had a real shallow strainer a long time ago. It was almost more of a food strainer by look, but not design. There is no way it would have contained an expanding tea leaf, like many oolongs. The one I show an image of in this thread doesn't have that problem. Any well designed strainer should work fine with any mug design.  
Unless you don't like the tea floating and not integrating as well or something, then your options are limited. 




 That sucks. I've lived in big city suburbia my whole life and I take some things for granted. I have to drive 25-35 minutes for good Chinese food, but there is bad to acceptable Chinese food all over.  
My only time in the boonies is on fishing or hunting trips and we're packing everything in. Any carryout is 40-50 miles away. 




 My pleasure. You may want to try Earl Grey too. People either love it, or hate it. They also have a decent oolong. I drank Twinings for about 15 years. Hopefully you can find a few you really enjoy. 




 Here is my strainer. http://imgur.com/gallery/pAXdqu7  
Edit: Here is my gaiwan with the built in strainer. http://imgur.com/gallery/BRg3jhY 




 I had Kliban calendar's for years and years.  I loved those cartoons. 




 my son who is a Chemical Engineer would love that as a tea/coffee mug. There is profit to be made by the person who sells these as mugs. 




 Have you tried asking any of your local Chinese restaurants if they sell their tea?  In our area, they will sell them and the price is very competitive for bag tea. 




 Twinings is readily available in the UK and they have both loose and bagged tea. They are fairly inexpensive teas. They have a lot of variety to find the flavors you like and they are easy to find.  I like their Darjeeling, Prince of Wales, Jasmine green and their gunpowder green. 




 Can you explain what makes the strainer useless for you?  I use my gaiwan, which has a built in strainer, for oolongs or trying new teas. At work I use a 500ml stainless cup with a stainless strainer for the tea. I then pour smaller cups into a porcelain tea cup so the tea in the travel mug stays hot longer, as I am not leaving it open for sipping all the time. 




 I was wondering the same thing. We had a teacher create ours in some HS class a lifetime ago. I don't hear much about them anymore. 




 I just found this: Each named variety of tea bush produces a fine and noble tea that is named after it, such as Da Hong Pao, Tie Lo Han, etc. This unique naming and identification happily provides yan cha fans with much to sample and discuss.  Laplap Hoa may be a big old tea bush. 




 I get tea from China and Taiwan too, but only because I cannot grow it myself or get in any grocery store. Like you can with orange and lemon peel, lavender, rose and carnation petals, etc. And it's not tea, but I get what you mean. 




 Hmm, time for a trip to IKEA. Those bags from Yunnan Sourcing take up a lot of space and my tins from Taiwan use more space than I need. I keep my tea in a cabinet so the clear jars don't worry me.  
Thanks for sharing. They look like they'll hold about 75-100g's of leaf tea 




 Why on earth would you get some of those products from China? I expected to see some of their medicinal type stuff like you can get from a Chinese herbalist. Not stuff you can easily get yourself in a grocery store or from your garden. 




 Incredible for me to see this as I am having the same issue. Apparently I have a pinched nerve in C6 and C7. They're talking about all sorts of mean and nasty things to fix it. I've gone back to yoga and trying to get back into Tai Chi to loosen myself up. Surgery is not an option I want to consider. I have another appt Monday.  
They have a test to see if it is nerve or something else. I think it was called an EMG. 




 If I use Google translate, my options are traditional Chinese and simplified Chinese. I believe it refers to the common language/character set used by the people in China. Yes, there are many sub languages in China. Could it be sort of like referencing Indian language, which is the Hindi shared across most of the people in India.  
edit: Wiki page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_language 




 Crystallization doesn't bother me. It makes it easier to measure. Some companies whip it, which integrates the crystals even better and it stays that way for longer. I live in Michigan. When I travel to tropical locations the honey gets very soft. But still not exactly pourable like store "honey". 




 Could it be the estate name?  If I saw Lingia Darjeeling in Hindi, I'd have no idea Lingia was the estate name. Trying to translate it would not work like laplap hoa doesn't. 




 Or even several names of teas in the native language. My tea strainer has the word tea in 6 languages along the rim.  
http://www.wmfamericas.com/shop/tea-strainer 




 I don't prefer it or dislike it. It's just a fact when you buy real honey.  
I guess it's like OJ. We want consistent flavor, but to get consistent flavor requires pasteurizing. What we really buy is neutered OJ with orange perfume added. Since the orange flavoring is made from oranges, it can still be called pure.  
What we really prefer is the pure product, but that product has too short of a shelf life for big stores. So the stores compromise for us. 




 I didn't know that.  I've been to western India and southern India and all I have ever found there is regular black Darjeelings. Thanks for improving my knowledge of tea. I assumed oolong is sort of a special technique which is why I've only seen it from China and the surrounding Asian countries. 




 I wish.  IMO the bigger problem is Chinese honey with a lot of unhealthy and unlabeled stuff in it. Chinese honey comes in from all over the world. Currently Chinese honey has a 215% tariff on it, so they move it to a country without the restrictions and relabel it. 




 I use a metal electric tea pot to heat my water. A nice addition would be a temp gauge/thermometer on the outside. It would be a cheap addition and unique.  
I pour it from there into a double wall 500ml stainless tea cup to keep the tea hot. I would consider a nice porcelain or ceramic one instead.  
I use a WMF stainless steel strainer. It's simplicity and ability to keep clean is perfect. I do not see a way to improve it. You'd have to get into cute strainers for people looking beyond the functional imo.  
I have several tea cups I use. I just got a new one I really like while I was in Vietnam. It has a nice unique design and you can tell it's not from a mass market company. Maybe hook up with a few artisans in Asia who make cups or maybe some pottery schools or studios in the US who would be interested in small run cups of different shapes and styles.  
Edit: and avoid Chinese products. The quality of their inexpensive products is highly questionable. Even for Chinese. I prefer no lead in my cups, or unknown metals in steel products. China has major problems with both. 




 1st flush for regular drinking, 2nd flush for when I need something that bites a bit.  I've never seen anything but black Darjeeling, but since Darjeeling's a region not a type, it makes sense that you could find green unprocessed leaves too. It would surprise me if they were making oolongs though. 




 I agree about the raw honey. I actually went to tea partially to start getting honey in my diet. I have stomach problems and bad pollen allergies. Honey had a huge positive impact for both problems. Until I started using raw honey, I was struggling with the flavor.  
I have never found raw honey that did not look and taste pure. Supposedly, the reason grocery store honey is heavily mixed and ultra purified, which takes all the health benefits away, is for shelf life, for that golden look and because most customers do not like their honey crystallizing, which real honey does. I doubt if the market for raw honey is big enough to get the Chinese imposters and large companies adulterating it. I believe almost all honey from the big corporate food groups is highly processed and at least mixed with foreign honey. Most foreign honey is not pure or has a lot of Chinese honey. Once you get into Chinese honey, you're into all sorts of metals and toxins mixed in, as well as non bee products. 




 I got mine from Amazon. I think I paid around 35 for a cast iron one that is a nice size. I've seen it in Duty free shops in Asia for a lot more. It has a nice porcelain inside to keep it clean.  
It's called Old Dutch Cast Iron Saga Teapot, 52-Ounce 




 It would be kind of cool to have a calligrapher write the type of tea in the native language in a nice contrasting color. Sanskrit, Kanji, Chinese, etc 




 They are labeled as pure, when they are not. Olive oil has Canola and other oils added. Honey has corn syrup and what is called honeydew added, which is honey from insects other than bees. Like aphids. 




 I stop at Cracker Barrel for breakfast a lot when I am on the road. They use Dickinson honey's and jelly's. I like their jelly, but the honey tastes and smells like what you mention. Unless I have a super strong tea, that is the overwhelming flavor. 




 I was really bummed when I read about the olive oil.  The 2 brands I bought most often were both using canola oil mixed with olive oil. I thought I was buying from reputable companies and of course the label on all of them said "Pure olive oil".  
For honey, I just didn't like the darker ones being mixed in as it made my honey smell and taste like molasses. That pushed me to the health food stores and farmers markets to get wildflower honey from local suppliers.  




 I find inexpensive Darjeelings get bitter fairly quick. But as others said, that is sort of the way people like their tea sometimes.  On my way back from Tokyo I had a breakfast tea when I woke up. I wanted that tannic, almost bitter flavor to wake up.  
I prefer Yunnan teas most of the time and they are known for not getting bitter, even when over steeped. 




 When I got my first gaiwan in Taiwan, I talked to the owner about how to use it. He gave me some directions and said to make sure I leave the top off of it between steepings or the leaves scald. Also, as Sa Rart stated, I shake my strainer real well to get as much water out as I can.  Still, some teas handle a 2nd steeping better than others.  I've also found if I use my cast iron tea pot which is about 750ml, there is not much flavor left for a 2nd steeping. In small steepings like in a gaiwan, I can get 4-6 depending on the tea.  
It may have more to do with how much tea you can make from your steeping, than how many times you can steep. 7 steepings of 100ml is almost the same as one of 750ml. 




 What are you basing your labeling on? Them saying it is honey does not mean it is honey. The FDA does not inspect honey.  
It's like saying you get pure Olive oil because it is labeled as such. Labeling means little in the US. Olive oil and honey are 2 of the most mislabeled and adulterated products on the grocery shelf. 




 Honey and Olive Oil are 2 of the most mislabeled products in the US. 




 I should have specified in the US. The US FDA does not inspect honey. It is pretty much the wild west in labeling. 




 But in NYC there are real farmers markets on Long Island. It was more an example of how far and wide honey is produced now.  I guess the tundra regions are about the only place honey is not produced in quantity. Desert's, cities and almost everything between. 




 Ah yes, that is true. Even McDonalds in Canada is not too bad because of your meat standards.  Maybe finding specific honey for wildflower of orange blossom or something. If it is mixed honey's. it may have buckwheat honey which is almost like molasses imo. 




 Search about it. Most honey labeled as honey is in fact corn syrup or mixed with corn syrup or other sweeteners: This is directly from the USDA Rules and Regulations,  honey does not require official inspection in order to carry official USDA grade marksthere are no existing programs that require the official inspection and certification of honey 




 Where do you live that you can't get local honey? They even have beehives on roofs in NYC now. If nothing else, try Stakich honey, which you can get on Amazon. I find their honey to be excellent. It was local to SE Michigan, but I think they've gone national now. I used to buy cases of 6 - 5 lb containers to save on the cost.  
 




 Argentina is a major producer of tea, so like India, Taiwan, China, etc there are a lot of variations. I believe they focus on black teas. They planted seeds from India and China in the 20's. 




 Most honey sold in the US grocery stores is flavored corn syrup. The real mass market ones are typically mixed from several types. Some honey is disgusting imo and has an odd smell when it's heated. I like pure wildflower honey from local suppliers.  
Try getting your honey from the local farmers market. I think you'll be surprised. The real dark honey's are rough imo. 




 Was it made in a normal tea cup or one of their cups with the straws? When I was there, most people drank mate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mate_%28beverage%29 




 T2Tea Grand Yunnan http://www.t2tea.com/tea/black/grand-yunnan.html was the first tea that just blew my mind. The new crop did not grab me like it did for the last 3 years.  
TWG's Yunnan Golden Needle is even more amazing but over double the price. https://www.twgtea.com/product/details?code=T617  
I bounce around a lot with Yunnan Sourcing's Yunnans looking for something like either of the above. I haven't found a match, but http://yunnansourcing.com/en/yunnan-black-teas/3327-wu-liang-hong-mao-feng-yunnan-black-tea-spring-2015.html from last autumn is the tea I find myself drinking over and over.
 




 Constant Comment is the only flavored tea I enjoy. It has a very nice flavor. And Twinings Darjeeling was the first Darjeeling I really liked. 




 Last time I was in Taiwan I bought tea from several shops. I had been looking forward to going back now that I knew which ones I really liked. Surprisingly all 3 teas I wanted to get again were in the same shop. (An Oriental Beauty, a heavily oxidized Tie Guan Yin and a Sun Moon Lake black tea) They had a 20 year old oolong that I decided to get too. Brewed western style it was more mellow than I expected. Tomorrow I'm going to try the gai wan and see if it develops more body 




 When I was in Singapore, they had a shop called TWG, which is sold in Harrod's in London.  Their Yunnan Gold Needle is one of the best teas I have had in my life. 




 All of my current teas, not bought on my overseas trips, is from Yunnan Sourcing. I am very happy with their quality. I really enjoy their High Mountain Red Ai Lao Mountain Black Tea. It reminds me of Sun Moon Lake's black teas from Taiwan. 




 I hope you find a tea or two you really like. Personally, I hate Earl and Lady Grey. They add bergamon to that and that taste overwhelms the tea for me. My favorite Twinings is Prince of Wales. It has a fantastic flavor imo. 




 I take a green pad to my stainless cup about once a month. I add baking soda and even vinegar if it is real bad. I don't even use soap on my gaiwan and tea cups. I rinse them with hot water, wash by hand and rinse again. 




 I read that we should add more tea if we want it stronger, not brew it longer.  I still try both methods. Each works, but I get better results depending on the tea I am using. I think green tea gets bitter if over brewed. I don't mind over brewed black teas though. 




 If English breakfast tea is weak to you, your limited on your options.  Irish breakfast is almost like drinking coffee to me.  Did Darjeeling come in your variety pack?  Twinings Darjeeling is a lot stronger than a high mountain estate Darjeeling.  If you want your tea really strong, pour the water directly over the tea bag just after it quits boiling. That will put hair on your chest then. ;-p  
Edit: This advice is for black teas only. It will make oolongs and green teas bitter if you pour boiling water on it. 




 Everything I can find says Li Shan is oolong, but I have some that says Red Tea (Black tea for westerners) and it brews like a red/black tea. It's pretty nice but a lot like an Assam.  
Has anyone else seen a black Li Shan tea? The company I got it from ahs both regular Li Shan and Red Li Shan. 




 Absolutely not.  We had our 2 kids and I was done. No rubbers ftw 




 Give your remaining time to help others. Cook in a soup kitchen, work in a 2nd harvest for food program, deliver food to the elderly and home ridden. You may find it gives your life purpose.    Commercialism is what the western life is about and it is an empty life, or like eating dorito's to fill you up. I really struggle finding meaning of life too and focusing on others, helps a lot. 




 I spent a few hours walking the old quarter this morning. Very cool area. Unfortunately I have a pinched nerve in my neck that is causing a lot of problems so I had to cut it short today.  
























