 Correct me if I'm wrong, but that's kinda the fucking point. 




 Wait, why? Because other people are writing the material, or because no roast material will ever come close to what Kat had for Flava Flav? 




 Exactly what I thought. Running up to the big guy like "He's scared! He can't fuck with you, dude!" Probably going to be yammering away next to him for the rest of the day, pointing out other skinny kids: "You could take him, Mike! Is it cool that I call you Mike?" 




 Ugh. I mean, I get as much of a kick out of the fat acceptance movement as the next guy, but I sure as shit don't hate people for it. It's just flat out hilarious. "Look at me, I'm beautiful!" Ok sweetheart. Keep telling yourself that.  




 I had no idea we didn't like her. Quick, someone tell me why I should hate her too! 




 Rolling Stone doesn't shy away from stories easily. I'm very curious to know why they didn't publish this 




 Your definition of "high quality journalism" is a little different to mine 




 I literally have AIDS now. Fuck this sub 




 When did the Marine Corps get involved? 




 Whaaat? I thought this was fucking fantastic! 




 EVERY GODDAMN TIME.

"Honey. Honey. Go gown on me."

"Have you showered?"

"Yeah of course."

*sniffs*

"Nope."

Damn you, ball sweat. 




 Yeah. That's why I consider it a very poorly executed good idea. 




 It depends on what kind of writing you want to do, but for most creative stuff you'd want to **start simple**. 

I started with American lit, Kerouac, Thompson, Twain etc. Their stories are accessible, entertaining, and well written. Diving straight into the REALLY good stuff, especially writers like Vonnegut, tends to discourage beginner writers because they are such masters of their craft they make it appear dead easy. So easy you think there's no way you could ever fucking come close it what they do. It's not easy. And if they had felt that way, they wouldn't be the writers they became. Writing is fucking masochistic when you get down to the nitty gritty, and the best writing will convey the exact opposite. I can't tell you the amount of times I've put down a book after reading a sentence and thought: "Well fuckit. Guess I'll be a teacher now."

After that, I'd say stick with writers that are generally praised for good writing. For masterclasses in novel writing, my top recommendations are Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon, Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad, Lolita/Pnin/Pale Fire by Vladimir Nabokov, anything Dahl (seriously), Hero of a Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell, Slaughterhouse 5 by Kurt Vonnegut, and probably many more that I can't remember right now.

OH.

And A Farewell To Arms. Hemmingway. I have a first edition and it's far and away my favourite book. 




 This is great advice. Also, never ask a writer to edit. I was constantly asked to help with people's papers in college. The guys never took my suggestions seriously because it assaulted their pride, the girls just fucking cried.  




 In novel writing this would apply. Depends on whether you want to go down in history or make a buck. As a reporter, you're doing it for the history. You are providing your society with a fair and accurate account of events (ideally). You have no place in deciding what the people want. I've published a few big stories in my time and they've resulted in fundamental, tangible change for the better. But you can bet your ass I was dragged through the coals for it.  




 Definitely. I was a hockey goalie for a season. Lots of contact. LOTS of hate. Few things as satisfying as a sneaky slash to the back of a guy's calf as he's screening you. 




 I've found that this ESPECIALLY applies to writing on a deadline. In fact, writing on a deadline is where I learned this the most. "Don't be afraid to write a shitty lede." Chances are if you're writing on a deadline that requires such precision, you're already a good writer. So "shit" is relative. If I have to have 1800 words in quick, I disregard all thoughts of structure or my lede, parcel the story out, then arrange it in an informative and, hopefully, captivating structure. Then go through and tweak each paragraph so it has a smooth, logical flow.  




 That never worked for me. Personally I prefer to write sober, edit stoned. 




 Yes x1000000. He puts it way better than I do. I wrote a screenplay called "101 Banditos" in my teens. I shudder thinking about it. It was.... I can't. It was bad. Really bad. BUT. It was about a former slave turned bounty hunter in the wild west... Now I look at it as one of the best ideas I've ever had, just a very poorly executed one. 




 Hire an editor or bed a comp lit major. 




 Ehhhhh. I dunno. There's A LOT of shit out there you could do with avoiding. My mother comes to mind. 

Me: "Mom, have you read 50 Shades of Grey?"

Mom: "I don't have enough time to read crap, let alone 50 shades of it."
 




 I always loved it when a team had a good striker that I knew I had to be on point for. I suppose being made to score good goals is just as challenging and rewarding as being made to make good saves. 




 Me too......... How bout them Yankees? 




 I outline HEAVILY to avoid exactly this. I also smoke. And outlining and smoking go well together. 




 Nabokov's wife fished Lolita out of the trash. [I always defer to Ira when I hear this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbC4gqZGPSY)  




 You'd have to be a fucking moron to send something that reads like it's been written by one. The point is that you go back and make it better, ace. 




 Precisely! When I was in advertising, my boss wouldn't allow us to present an ad unless we had literally sketched out a thousand ads before it. He'd plop a fresh stack of printer paper in front of you and tell you to have drawn an ad on every sheet by lunchtime. The point isn't to sit around and think carefully about each ad. You scribble an idea as quick as possible and move on. Once you're finished, sift through the paper, pick out the best, repeat. 




 You're right. I wish that wasn't the case though. I had to read a lot of academic literature as a newspaper reporter and quickly realised I had no objective way of judging what I was reading. It was just too bogged down in a jargon I was totally unfamiliar with, and I didn't have the time to become familiarised. I think that's the problem with science and media right now. Neither industry makes much of an effort to communicate with each other in a way everyone will understand. The stuff that IS well communicated is usually the stuff scientists complain about getting stupid amounts of coverage.  




 Fun fact. My friend banged him in Vegas. 




  Pretty soon, you and your audience will like what you've written, as long as you have good taste.

FTFY

Pro writing tip #2: Read good shit. 




 I mean dont be afraid to write poorly. Don't worry about spelling mistakes (god knows F Scott Fitzgerald didn't. His editor was a goddamn saint for transcribing his scribble into books), finnicky grammar, poor sentence structure, insufficient conveyance of an idea. If it's slowing your progress, don't worry about it and move on. The most important aspect of writing is writing. Anything that stops that pursuit should be scythed off like a wart. 




 I've written professionally in television, newspapers, magazines, PR, and advertising for more than a decade. My number one piece of advice to writers (and this applies to all forms of writing, whether it's a cover letter on your CV, a college essay, or a novel) is don't be afraid to write like shit. 

Worrying over whether it's "good" or not is an exercise you save until you're done. Write an awful sentence. Shit, write an awful chapter. Mark it. Go back and change it later. 

This has served me better than any other writing tip I've ever come across.

EDIT: Do not write drunk and edit sober. Hemingway didn't do that, and besides, he's fucking Hemingway.

EDIT 2: Do what you want. I'm not sure I like the front page. Tis a silly place. 

EDIT 3: I'd love to respond to all the messages for advice and feed my ego, but the sausages popping in the kitchen are more appealing right now. Everyone asking for tips on how to get into writing, there's a reason that word is a gerund. Writing is something you do. Do it. If you don't know what to write, read. Simples. Stay gold, ponyboy.  




 All your mothers were seriously lax on manners. I'd get crucified for not greeting people properly. 




 Ah, so very true, but those were the greatest compliments! I'd get a half chub if a striker refused to shake my hand after the match. 




 As in players give keepers respect for good saves more than you might think. 




 Was a keeper through college. Nothing beats the satisfaction of this. Happened more than you'd expect. 




 I seem to remember hearing or reading somewhere that he had a writer for these kinds of speeches. Can any confirm or deny that? 




 That's exactly how the best interviewers do it. See: Robert Durst.  




 The all boy's middle school I went to would suggest otherwise. Nobody is stopping you and your buddies from gathering peacefully.  




 And now single! Hiyoooooooooo 




 Holy shit. Kenny vs Spenny.... now those are two names I've not heard in a long, long time. 




 Someone rang? 




 I had a one night stand the other night and once the willy came out the girl gives me this disappointed look and says: "I was told it was bigger." 

Long story short, there's a rumour going around that I have a large penis. I don't. Really not sure how to feel about it.  




 Well shit, that's a lot better than I usually get. Once was told I'm like an autistic Brad Pitt... 




 On YouTube, if anyone find my news presenting skills funny enough. I'm going to be a news anchor! Look out, Robin Scherbatsky! 




 wow. you DO realize that hasn;t been taken away. like. at all. right? 




 This is one dedicated novelty account. Have all the upvotes. 




 [This.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jib) 




 I have to get it cut in a few month for my new job (I'm gonna be on the tv!) Really, really not looking forward to it :( 




 It is fabulous, at times. Other times it's fabulously annoying. Dont get me started about driving with the windows down. 




 I will be the bouffant whore Reddit craves. Not because I want to. Because I have to. 




 Of course. But again, meet anybody involved in feminism beyond online flame wars and they'll agree men need better treatment in family court. I'd refer to RBG again on this issue.

...gender discrimination is bad for everyone. It also ends the stereotype of women as givers of child care and men as solely breadwinners. [We need to] tear down those barriers so a woman or a man could pursue whatever path in life they had the G-d given talent to pursue.

Also, it's "per se" not "say" 




 Also, a little teapot. Not that short. Kinda stout.  




 Fahd had just died and Abdullah was the regent. 




 I like the cut of your jib 




 Yissssssssssss. Fuck yeah TAL. 




 Seriously. Can we get a source on that? 




 Big props to the pastor. 




 I mean this in the kindest way possible, but please, try and reserve your opinions for when they are informed. I'm not from the US either, but I went to school there. One of my best friends is as gung-ho feminist as they come. She's a clinic defender, someone abortion clinics hire to help when people protest. What you see on the Internet is NOT feminists. They are people who talk about feminism. There's a big difference. Every gender studies, women studies major I've met has a firm understanding of the challenges men face and agree with me on all the standard MRA points. First wave feminism most certainly did not fix the outmoded gender stereotypes men face, just as it didn't do that for female gender stereotypes. I'd really encourage you to speak to real women who are actually on the ground doing feminist work rather than sitting on Tumblr complaining about cis male privilege.  




 Outmoded gender stereotypes? Have you ever met an actual feminist outside of Tumblr? RBG has done more for men in America than any other person. 




 My asshole dad refused to go to the doctor about his heart pains and died at 41 of a heart attack. Asshole. 




 What "right" has been taken away from you because of women? I'm genuinely curious. They are men's issues. They deserve to be discussed, absolutely, but the idea that women are leading the charge against us is retarded. 




 My boss would have thrown a book at me. Or whatever hard object is in his immediate vicinity.  




 Ugh. I wish I had an asshole dad. Well, any dad would be nice. 




 Only when my mother is pissing me off, for some reason. Usually though I just take it out on some fish or lobster. 




 It's really discouraging to see so many male-oriented subs go the way of women bashing. Even Men's Rights. I subbed because I thought we were going to discuss issues that effect men. Nope. It's a giant bitch fest about the women they all can't get. Even RP had an initial edginess to it, like you're approaching life as a predator. Nope. Bitch fest.

Can there be a sub for guys who like talking about guy things and have no problem with the women in their lives? Because right now I really don't think that exists. 




 I mean, that's pretty much how I react to stubbing my pinky toe. So I think mildly perturbed does it justice. 




 Hey. Let's not go allocating blame here. I think everyone is sorry, right? Right?  




 Anger and hatred? I'm mildly perturbed. That's all. 




 I... I'm sorry. I got a little heated. You said some things. I said some things. Let's put it behind us. 




 Your personal experience does not equal prejudice or racism. Prejudice is literally a preconceived notion based on ignorance.  




 EDIT: I have anger management issues. 




 What? C'mon now this is nonsense. I like the spirit of this sub. This is more RP crap.  




 Yep. Got detention as a kid for using it in that context. Didn't know it had an alternate meaning, so naturally the teacher wasn't too please I called him queer. 




 There's something oddly... non sexual about your pose. I have the most confused non boner. Awesome either way. 10/10. 




 Shut up, Scott. 




 I respectfully disagree. 




 Ah. So, like DBZ GT? 




 Yes, yes it is. Well done. And this is all from his wife, who has relayed it back to her uncle (my step dad) 




 Oh... Well I feel dumb. I thought the Star Wars stories went on, and these are just putting them into film form. 




 If I got the chance. They were supposed to come stay with us a few times now, but each time they cancelled because of filming etc.

From what I've heard, Adam starts out good, then turns bad, then becomes a Sith (I love Star Wars, just not that informed about it). Is that Kylo Ren's character arch?

 




 Just sharing what I heard. It's the talk of the whole company, obviously. 




 :( 




 I'm very curious to know how OP here has a pristine single page with an internet warning from the 90's... 




 I'm not saying a lower rate is a magic wand. I'd imagine you could marry a number of policies with it to incentivise companies into coming back to America, though. It's a pretty big subject for us in Bermuda, being a tax haven, and everyone's asshole gets a bit tighter around election time and we wonder what it would take for us to no longer be an attractive jurisdiction. And frankly, I don't think it would take much. Companies are far from peachy here. The IB environment has only just gotten friendly again after the ousting of the Progressive Labour Party in 2012, so we're seeing an uptick in new company registrations, but honestly myself and others really don't think it would take a whole lot to sink our economy and start floating yours. Take that as you will, I suppose. 




 There's nothing illegal about re-domiciling. That's why it's called a loophole.  




 Just the opinion of a guy living in the country where all your businesses domicile to avoid taxes, but I happen to think lowering the corporate tax rate would be the best way to start reeling in that lost tax revenue. They talk about closing the tax loopholes every election cycle and never do. Seems to me a good way to keep American companies paying taxes in America is to give them less reasons to domicile overseas. 




 Colby 2012 




 Fucking prick. 




 Yes, well, coming from an island that is 21 square miles long and in the middle of the ocean, I was unaware of such things. 




 I prefer my women to be conscious when I disappoint them, thankyouverymuch 




 It was Halloween at Western University in London, Ontario, and my friends and I were hitting up an amazing burger join just outside of the bar we'd been drinking at. 

I go for a piss after ordering my food and find an apparently very drunk girl lying on the bathroom floor. I sit her up and try to get her talking, but all she keeps saying is "I hardly had anything to drink." She's pretty much incapacitated.

So I help her to her feet and get her out of the bathroom and sit her down at a table, then return to my friends and ask them what I should do. The logical choice was to help her into a cab, so I helped her back up again, walked to the street corner with her, and flagged down a cab.

Cab comes, but the girl is too far gone to even remotely remember where she lives and the cabbie refuses to take her. She manages to communicate to me that her house is on the road we're standing on and that she can point it out, but the cab driver still refuses to take her alone. 

A bit pissed, I get in the cab with her. She starts slurring about how she barely drank anything again, and then starts trying to kiss me, at which point it clicks that she's probably been drugged. I push her off me and she tells the cab driver to stop and that her house is right here. Cab pulls over, I go to pay him, and she bolts from the door and begins running down the sidewalk. "Ok awesome," I think. "I did my best." Nope. She stumbles and face-plants right into the concrete.

So I pick her ass up again, pretty frustrated with the whole situation at this point. She's bleeding from her forehead and yammering incoherently, but says her house is "right there." We get to the door and there's a party still going on inside. Her housemate answers the door, I tell him I "found her like this" and she fucking belts: "HE ROOFIED ME." Housemate clocks me in the nose before I can respond, sending me down the flight of stairs leading up to the door. Bang my head on the concrete. Housemate kicks me in the stomach, lays on a few more punches, and leaves me there.

Now drunk, concussed and bleeding from my nose, I make my way back to my res, find my resident advisor and go to the hospital.

I've never hated a slutty nurse so much in my goddamn life.

EDIT: Shout out to Western. You may remember me as the guy who ran around Saugeen with a boner, or that guy who unwittingly punched the stripper at the Beef Baron. Go Stangs.

EDIT 2: Ya'll motherfuckers need Jesus. Where I'm from, we help people in need of help. Yes it was dumb to get in the cab. GEE, THANKS. I know I fucked up. That's why you're reading this, turdblossom. 

EDIT 3. Dear god... If you're a personal injury lawyer, I don't care. Go chase an ambulance. 




 Was the effect of 'yellow journalism' such that it truly convinced a nation -- that valued freedom above all else -- that they were justified in taking freedom away from others? 














 Court reporter here. Was speaking with a lawyer and he was telling me about the time he had to represent someone accused of having sex with a horse. "Did anyone ask why THAT horse, instead of any of the others?" I asked.

"Actually yes," replied the lawyer. "He wanted a stable relationship." 



















 Had an argument with my boss one morning. Was working in broadcast journalism and had set up a series of interviews with politicians to respond to a major story that broke over night. Except that those interviews I set up were being handed to someone else and instead she told me I had to go and talk to orphans and ask them how the economy was effecting them. I laughed, and said "No, Gary can do the orphan story, I'll do MY story, thankyouverymuch." At which point she launched into a tirade, belittling me and basically speaking to me like she was my mother. This has happened a bunch of times. I hung up and texted her. "Please don't speak to me like that again or I will have to quit." I got an immediate response: "Your fired." I was gutted. But as I looked at my phone again, a wry smile creeped across my face and my thumbs went into action....

*you'RE

We haven't spoken since.

**EDIT:** I suppose I should add that I was at my wick's end (EDIT EDIT: FINE. "WITS' END" YOU GLORIOUS PEDANTS) with the company and her as my editor. She was extremely unprofessional. What made this argument special was that she constantly told me I was not delivering enough stories of my own, that she was setting up too many interview for me. Naturally once I start doing this, she hands the best interviews of the day, set up by yours truly, to the chief reporter-- who has stopped talking to me after she handed one of HIS interviews to ME-- and sends me to do some filler about the economy. She was eventually fired and I have since been offered my job back. Twice. 
























 Frankly I think us men should no longer hide our erections in public. For too long now our erections have been oppressed by belt buckles and between our thighs, hurriedly tucked away lest anyone sees. Man will not truly be free until he can be proud of his erection, not ashamed and embarrassed! We get them all the time, for many reasons besides arousal. If a 'liberated' woman can walk around with hard nipples reading 50 Shades of Shit, why can't I walk around with a hard penis? I envision a new era, where penises are not judged by size or breadth or stamina, but valued as utilitarian assets-- a world where, when I get a boner on the train, I can stand with my erection proudly as a free man... 
























 I'm puzzled too. It was at +10 one second. The next it was at -14. Either way, I'll happily take the downvotes on behalf of /r/motorcycles. I don't know a single rider that isn't extremely cautious with their driving. I ride to avoid traffic, but I also ride for the exhileration. At no time do I mesh those two desires. If I want to satisfy my craving for [power](http://www.instantclarkson.com/) I go to a long stretch of empty road near the airport where I live. I even dated a girl that loved the whole motorcycle thing and pissed her off every time she rode with me because she wanted to go fast and I refused.  




 Spot on. I've had a handful of crashes, all but one of them have been because of someone else in a car. The one that wasn't, I ran over a nail that popped my tyre. I've got a theory that a lot of road accidents could be avoided by less restrictive speed limits, and the same logic applies to riding vs driving. In a car it's easy to switch off because of the feeling of security a car provides. If you're on a bike, you're acutely aware that you could go flying 50 feet in the air and land in a ditch if anyone makes a wrong move. Now who is going to be the more cautious driver? 




 On behalf of bikers everywhere, we know. The last thing the majority of riders need is a lecture on their own mortality. The majority of us are respectful and safe.  




 My ex's exes were a Rockefeller and pro basketball player. Jokes on them though, because I'm the one she fell in love with. Until she became a lesbian and broke up with me 




 Holy shit this is so true 




 /r/im14andthisisdeep  




 [You're not wrong.](http://i174.photobucket.com/albums/w108/Billtog/splittinghairs.jpg) 




 Went to tie my shoe. Fell off a cliff. 




 I'm more concerned with that flapjack ass in sweats. 




 Thank you for explaining a very obvious visual message. It really drove the post home for me. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fighting_words 




 Freedom of speech doesnt literally mean you're free to say anything. 




 I'd really like to introduce you to my friends. You can't have a glass of wine without being called a fag 




 Tired of being a ham? Need a qualified shitlord to shame you into getting healthy? Come on down to /r/fatpeoplehate! You bring the jelly, we'll bring the shame! 




 Holy shit that is one good looking cat. Rock on Mr Jones. 




 Same. Made me remember the time my ex bought me dinosaur shower curtains. That is true love. 




 Fuck me, people remember trig? I took it for two years and there isn't a snowball's chance in my ass I could do this.  




 IIRC the russians conducted training drills down there during the cold war. Seems like it might be just an attempt to show the US Russia can have major influence within their immediate neighbourhood.  




 The way he just lets the natural momentum of his jump carry him back around when he realizes the shot is delayed... he's not just athletic, he's fucking smart. At least in that sense. Not everyone would have the presence of mind to do that. 




 OH, yes. I hadn't thought about that... 




 crimping 

OOOOOOOOOOOOOH! That's a tinny word.  




 *are dotted ^^^^I'm ^^^^really ^^^^really ^^^^sorry ^^^^but ^^^^I ^^^^can't ^^^^help ^^^^myself ^^^^it's ^^^^a ^^^^problem ^^^^and ^^^^I'm ^^^^trying ^^^^really ^^^^hard ^^^^to ^^^^overcome ^^^^it ^^^^pray ^^^^for ^^^^me 




 _ 

I don't follow... 




 Yeah, that's what really confused me. I've never been self conscious but I sure as shit never thought ol' Reptar was anything to write home about. Can only assume she was a size queen.  




 /r/quityourbullshit  




 As someone who had a one night stand recently with a girl who said "Oh, I heard it was bigger", that shit stings. I'm not even small, but that's a surefire way to give a dude a complex where there wasn't one before. 




 That's really interesting. I'm guessing the principal is that by not trying to make the software perfect, you get it out early and keep developing it from there? 




 Yessssss. Exactly. Although as a former court reporter I might point out that it's not really tip-toe language, it's just factual. And while libel is a concern, media oversight groups are the main concern. I'd have seriously put my job in danger if I didn't use the proper language.  




 /r/FloridaMan 




 Someone never read Stieg Larsson.  




 /u/trollabot train_subject1208 




 I get why I'm being downvoted, but I was just pointing out that you don't have to be rich to sleep with people from around the world. My m'stake.  




 What is the historical context? 




 Giving up that karma would be... criminal 




 I feel so bad for laughing but fuck that was funny. 




 And I don't care that you think it doesn't deserve to be there. The whole point of reddit is that the users decide what is good content and what is not. Downvote and be on your merry way. I'll upvote and do the same.  




 Your mastery of sarcasm blows my mind. Look out Cicero! Where did you learn to use such a rhetorical device?

Your ebullient use of the English language aside, my point was that it was clearly not the most amazing content, but the story behind it connected with me in a way that I could appreciate.

Could it be that the things people find interesting differs wildly between individuals? 




 I was more thinking of the post where OP used his dead father's last fiver to get a beer when he was legal. It was just a picture of a beer and a fiver, but as someone who lost their father as a teen, I appreciated the post. Begging for donations is different. 




 Unless that girl was Elle Woods. Then she'd dump your candy ass. 




 Wait. I thought this was photoshopped. Is it not? 




 Nothing humble about it, except I can't afford to go any of those place. 




 I've dealt with an unfair amount of tragedy in my 27 years. Don't have a problem with this at all. Whatever helps.  




 Was in an emotionally abusive relationship for a while. Got out of it when I realized things weren't getting better. Turned out the entire time we were dating she was living undiagnosed with MS, which played a big part in her craziness level. Anyways, this won't be a popular opinion, but I think it takes a particularly weak person to internalise the emotional abuse they're getting. Both men and women. I couldn't ever take a word she said seriously because she was so clearly trying to say the most hurtful thing she could imagine. Why would you give a person like that the time of day? Why let their comments affect you? It never made sense to me.  




 I dunno, living in a major tourist destination, I could probably make my way around europe and america crashing on the couches of girls I've hooked up with. Tourists love the local boys.  




 Need a sauce on that please. 




 I definitely know that hair and booty. 




 I've heard that joke. Seriously en pointe.  




 Looks like a Palace fan, in which case I'm sure she'll be a lot more happy in about 28 minutes.  




 what the fuck has happened in the last few weeks? why is shit like this making the front page now?  




 I take it you're not the safe guy. 




 Calling him a journalist is doing him way too many favours. He writes about games. Call me when he's writing about gaming in South Sudan.... 









 An ex of mine did a photo project similar to this. After three years of taking intimate photographs, a junkie isn't going to care if she's there when they start fucking. A bit ethically grey to me, but that's why I stick to words not pictures. 




 /r/quityourbullshit  




 Drug treatment courts for non violent drug offenders are some of the most effective courts in the world. Their recidivism rates are miniscule. The entire drug court team knows who really needs it, and who is trying to use them to get out of jail time. They spend a lot of time and effort making sure they aren't being played.

Signed,

Guy who has reported on drug treatment courts for, oh, 11 years now. 




 Ghost Kitty is our nickname for the stray we found stowed away in our car engine. Our last name is Stevenson, so naturally we named him Yusuph Islam, the artist formerly known as Cat Stevenson.  




 If you're having content problems I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but reposting ain't one.  




 Building a stadium that gives your team an advantage over the visitor is standard practice among most sports. A lot more of the new stadiums in English football do this, not to mention everything they do with the pitch to get an advantage. Also, it's not against the rules. You can't get busted for smoking weed then point out the guy that's drunk and say what he's doing is worse. 




 Probably because their shitty O-Line ruined what could have been a top 5 QB 




 This is pretty common practice in a lot of sports. Wembley Stadium in particular. Playing fake crowd noise is not. 




 Technically according to [cat law](https://youtu.be/WGEGy21Yk9U?t=45s) you're right. The apartment is his now. But cat law differs slightly to human law. Kinda like bird law.  




 Why did he have to wait?

I don't think it's that incredible he advanced through the ranks. I'm pretty cynical about most things, but I find it very hard to imagine the American military has come to a point where valour is no longer a core value. 




 I'm ashamed to admit I got the year wrong, and somehow forgot about Palace making Suarez cry. My LFC Hater badge will be on the desk in the morning.  




 Shit. Of course it's that match. That would explain why I spotted this. I watched it at least five times out of pure schadenfreude.  




 I kiiiinda checked, but I'm about as confident as Rhodri Giggs at a family reunion. The only match between the two sides I came across in 2014, the score was 1-2. The 2013 fixture ended 3-1. 




 Fair. But I was thinking in terms of content and the reddit community as a whole. Google+ and Facebook users don't get a goddamn fucking ridiculous doge meme on a NASCAR, then it into the All Star Race. It's shit like THAT that keeps me here. I lost it seeing that goddamn doge car, and I don't want that kind of stuff to stop happening.  




 Yeah, it's way too friendly. She's putting up fliers though. [It was hanging around outside the day before.](https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/10858467_2822717327065_4298220802314223533_n.jpg?oh=a0b1480ae931d194c260b4d11ca9519f oe=5571DB34 __gda__=1437718069_d4bb51a56b02ecae4adb06b4e09abdb4) Guess he decided he liked what he saw. 




 I think Reddit is far past masquerading as anything other than what it is: the most influential website in the world. This happens with a lot of cultural movements, of which Reddit can certainly qualify. They start out with upstanding value systems that people gravitate toward. But the more people gravitate, the harder it becomes to uphold those ideals. Reddit gets more and more popular, requiring more and more money. In order to keep making that money to service the users, values are sacrificed. Goes for political parties, religions, you name it. I'm disappointed but wholly unsurprised. 




 This is my friend's business! Big up Evan! 




 Sorry, but no. Boston. 




 I dont know of many F1 drivers that haven't practiced from an early age.... 




 Thanks. Definitely going on my letter to Santa.  




 Bermuda, the land of pastel shorts, pink beaches, and nonexistent triangles.

That's pretty much what I had in mind. This is in the far off future, mind you. There's no way I could afford flying out to a driving school any time soon. 




 No, unfortunately. Her apt complex doesn't allow pets :( 




 THAT I can understand. Obligatory brush with death story:

 My days riding 50cc scramblers saved my life a few years back. I was going too fast around a blind corner and there was a van parked in the road. I swerved to avoid it but another car was coming in the opposite direction. I hit the brakes hard, locking up my rear which put the bike sideways, skidding straight toward the car. The moment I realized I was going to hit it head on, I let go of the rear brake and the bike popped up and straightened out, grazing the driver's side of the car and sparing my life. 




 Oh dear god no. Definitely not planning on jumping straight into an F1 car. I want to take a proper course and everything. And yes, I drive every day, but only ever under 60kph in beat up Opel Astra. Doesn't exactly hone your driving sense.  




 Unfortunately not. I live on a 21 square mile island where the speed limit is 50kph. Having a burp in an F1 car is high up on my bucket list though. I'm dying to know if I have the balls to give it some real welly.  




 Alonso might disagree there. Or Stirling Moss........ 




 That makes a lot of sense. Sounds similar to MotoGp. I guess what's tripping me up is just a general lack of knowledge for how it feels going fast on four wheels. I've always gotten my kicks on two.  




 I feel like that's probably a good thing. I've only ever seen a fedora worn well in magazines.  




 ? am I missing something? 









 Looks like he's about to dingle his dangle on the rim... 




 I used to be SUPER into swords as a kid. Went to Toledo for them and everything. I still fucking love swords, but man oh man have neckbeards ruined them for me. 




 mother of god. what tard kard put this report together? 




 Journalist here. Same thing applies, although it's not so much crying over really horrific shit, more the slow, painful realization as you slip deeper into the rabbit hole of life that nothing is going to change, and there's nothing you can do about it. That said, we do see some pretty awful road fatalities. I didn't think journalism would teach me what a kneecap looks like. 




 They were actually the OG truthers. Well, them and the sinking of the Maine. We've just forgotten about that particular conspiracy theory. 




 Exactly. I never understood this about fans wanting athletes to be upstanding moral paragons of sportsmanship. Players dive. They flop. They do anything they can to win. It's up to the people making the rules to ensure the integrity of the game is maintained despite this.  




 I mean... That's kinda exactly how America started 




 Or... y'know. [Get a cook book holder.](http://static.eatwell101.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/CUCINA-RECIPE-HOLDER-e1353950059213.jpg)  




 something something, Cotton... 




 Same goes for writers! 




 DEAR GOD. How did it get there???? 




 How is Sir David's mortality a problem? Really? You don't see the problem there? 




 Ya'll need to learn how to bullshit better if you're typing single words in at the end of sentences. Wow. 




 Ooooooooh dat thudding doe. Jesus.  




 It got a decent "heh" out of me. 




 There is a huge fucking difference. Words are just a fraction of the ways we communicate. 




 I'm the same way. I saw a thread about a guy wanting to commit suicide the other day and my first instinct was: "What a cunt, posting that online. I should go tell him to do it". I didn't, but I still wanted to... that's disturbing to me 




 Can confirm.

Signed, a criminally charming hobo. 




 If you'd like to boil it down to which measurement is used the most, I'd be willing to bet the entire trade and commerce industry might beat out the average number of Americans.  




 Now you just need to have JJ block a field goal... Good luck 




 Remind me how a few movie stars worth millions of dollars asking for my money to make another movie is important? 




 Fun fact: the "official" system of measurement in the US is actually metric.

EDIT for clarity: the metric system is "the Preferred system of weights and measures for United States trade and commerce". 




 The fact that she, armed with only a bachelor's degree in early childhood education, took over an entire magazine when her husband died suddenly, and not only kept the business afloat but managed to cut all our debt, rebrand the magazine, launch four more magazines, publish 12 books, find the most awesome, caring, creative man to love, and raise two kids all at the same time. She also rips mad bongs. Mom's an OG4Lyf.  
























 Hey fuck you, buddy. Who died and made you Conductor of Assumption Junction, eh? Society dictates what's "normal" or not. I mean, sure, there's the whole thing about normality being established by statistical representation of sex and gender identity, but the implication is you're calling non cis NOT normal, and that's mean. Also accurate. BUT MEAN. 




 I really wish there was a large group of black people watching this go down. I'd pay handsomely for that commentary. 




 So... WERE YOU THERE FOR HER? 




 Was waiting to read this. Former court reporter here. Cameras are shown to have a significant impact on the judge's sentencing. Doubly so considering judges are elected in America, leaving them prone to handing down harsher sentences to please the public. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_cat_bounce 




 A school is using perfectly legal means to reduce interest payments! Burn it! 




 Am I the only one that would like to see confirmation that this is OP's mom? 




 FUCK. THAT. NOISE. 

My balls just retreated quicker than an arctic glacier on rollerskates. 




 I'd have to be certain I had something worth saying. Otherwise you're just asking to be haunted by the disapproving gaze of the president of the united states the rest of your life. "Yeah, I met the President," you'll tell your grandkids, trying your best to forget the way his eyes belied precisely how disappointed he was that you were even in the room. 




 The fuck is everyone angry at then?  




 Yeah. Only a fucking moron or a genius would speak up during something like that. I'm the loudest cunt in the room 90% of the time but you couldn't get me to give my thoughts in a situation like that in a million years.

EDIT:[ Thank you.](http://i.imgur.com/86etTSn.gif) 




 Wait. Really? Did a gay couple ask them to cater, or did they just say they wouldn't cater gay weddings? Maybe I run with a different crowd, but a pizza place announcing they're not going to cater a gay wedding is a bit like me announcing I'd rather not make out with the hottest girl in school. 




 That's precisely what I meant by "solution". Apologies that it came off differently, I agree 100%. My point was that the public doesn't understand that the "solution" to addiction is in mitigation, not eradication, and that our current way of dealing with the problem only ends up costing everyone more money and ruining more lives.  




 Very much so. The most interesting aspect of drug treatment court for me was that it's more like a therapy session. I'm of the opinion that if you enjoy using drugs, you should be free to do so until your drug use infringes on the rights of others. That's when your addiction becomes a problem for the state and community to address (although that's not to say it shouldn't be addressed sooner). I'm a big advocate for the "it takes a village" approach. 




 Cassie???? 




 I appreciate it, but I'm only a conduit doing its job. Covering such stories is to my benefit. It just so happens that what benefits me also benefits the public. It's impassioned people such as yourself that really need to be thanked. Without people like you I wouldn't have a story to write. 




 Funny you mention it. I'm looking at Ross Perot's cigarette boat "Blue Thunder" as I write this. 




 It's actually astounding how much push back there is to the idea that sticking a badger in a cage is the best way to make it nice. Alongside the public perception of addiction, I think Americas biggest difficulty will be taking capitalism out of the prison system without plangent screams of "socialism" from the right. We've already seen how hard it is to take capitalism out of health care.

EDIT: clarity 




 Weird. The religious people I know are some of the most positive, genuine, and selfless people I know. I'm as athiest as they come, but still... 




 I've reported on the rehabilitation of non-violent drug offenders for a while now. Was given unprecedented access into a drug treatment court, which is not open to the public or press. Wrote a solid 15+ articles on the subject for my country's national daily paper. Was interviewed by a PhD student studying the same thing for their dissertation. Was thanked profusely by the lawyers involved in the process (who are some of the most genuine lawyers I've ever met). Basically, everyone who knew anything about the subject was super stoked that it was getting coverage, and a lot of it.

Every article I wrote received little to no attention. The comments came in on the web version were derisory, often along the lines of: "Yeah, I'd fake being 'rehabilitated' as well if it meant getting out of jail."

I can't speak for other nations, but to me the problem is clearly with the public's perception of drug addiction. There is still the prevailing mentality that people do this to themselves, and they get what they deserve. Up until those articles I was as gung-ho about drug reform as you could get. After seeing how much the public actually cares, I've lost every last bit of optimism. My only hope is that enough countries begin taking such approaches, so countries like mine can see just how powerful this kind of rehabilitation can be.

EDIT: THANK YOU FOR THE [GOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD](http://i.imgur.com/86etTSn.gif) 




 Betty probably said the same thing about her dog. 




 I've seen it matter firsthand working in a single industry for more than 10 years. You're not even out of high school.

There are times when diversity can be of value, and times where it's not needed. Saying point blank it doesn't matter just shows a total lack of understanding when it comes to workplace dynamics. 




  ...placing diversity over skill is clearly counter-productive to the bottom line.

How you managed to interpret the exact opposite of what I said is a miracle.

My point was only that diversity can be a positive thing when it's not prioritized above skill. 




 Why not? Having a gender diverse workplace is shown to have a number of advantages. If you have two equally skilled male and female candidates in a workplace that is largely comprised of men, there are plenty of reasons for why the female candidate would be a better option.  




 Not to be contrarian, but [workplace diversity does have its advantages.](http://newsoffice.mit.edu/2014/workplace-diversity-can-help-bottom-line-1007)

Obviously, placing diversity over skill is clearly counter-productive to the bottom line. 




 Probably risks having the whole cave collapse... 




 "Skeets Miller" is possibly the best journalist name ever. 




 Glad to see this sub going back to its roots. That "bathrooms should be pull to enter, push to exit" nonsense rustled my jimmies a bit too much. 




 I guess people don't care when it's TIME magazine. Unabomber, Gaddafi, Bin Laden.... 




 Rolling Stone is hardly the first magazine to put a terrorist on the cover. 




 A total pisshead is who.  




 Solid plan. Let's run with it. 




 I didn't realize /r/showerthoughts had become /r/commonsense  




 Spot on. No idea why I keep clicking on the comments section. This is the ONLY time it's ever paid off. 




 We need more women like you commenting in this sub. Dear lord that would be so refreshing. Like a paper daisy on a cum-stained corkboard. 




 One of the few times I'm glad I got the titties 




 It was piss my pants or dash for the bathroom. I chose wrong. And yeah, they sell beer inside the stadium but you cant bring it with you to your seat. Hence the chugging. 




 Nah, Essien's famous screamer against Arsenal in 07/08.  




 He was far and away my favourite player, which made it all that much worse. But yeah, he was crucial for us for so many years. Won't ever forget the Ess Express and his love for naps. 




 I know. It'd be like having an Army badge as well as a Green Beret badge.  




 Whenever I watch a game with the English side of my family and we go down a goal, they all tell me to go take a piss so we can score. Its worked a solid number of times actually.  




 SO fetch 




 I'm just being pedantic and I love WWII history. The creator clearly just threw on as many Nazi logos as possible.  




 It would be a bit difficult to be a part of the Schutzstaffel, SS-Totenkopfverbnde, AND the luftwaffe...  




 Oh man. Almost feel sorry for him. It takes one hell of a falsely inflated ego to flip out over something like this. Even if you WERE lying, I've had plenty of dates "reschedule" on me then never follow back up. I'd rather sit at home a watch a movie than go on an awkward date where one of you doesn't want to be there. 




 $10 says "Easter dinner" comes in scare quotes 




 Not a hope in hell that is Courtois' fault. Jog on. 




 LOL a bedpan? With that kind of money I could just pay someone to piss in their mouth. 




 You try holding it in after chugging as many beers as possible before the whistle.  




 What kind of ham did you use? And it better have been whole wheat bread. Hovis, preferably.  




 You know nothing. 

My first Chelsea game I went to take a piss. Walked up the stairs back to my seat and the crowd goes nuts.

[This was the goal I missed.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl1L67rzuEk) 




 Called the whole family into the TV room for this one. Jesus Fuck.  




 I didn't know "heads up" was shitting on someone 




 Ugh. Yeah, that's the ticket. 




 Oh man. I saw these chicks in London and this song had me DYING. I want to marry them both. So glad they're making it big time. Only person to make me laugh that hard at a show was John Stuart doing stand up.

(If anybody has a clip of his closing act, where he talks about trying to fuck his wife while his dog is puking outside his bedroom door, that would be great) 




 Live in one of the world's largest green turtle sanctuaries. Our country has protected them since the early 1800s. Not sure where you are, but where I'm from this picture would get you in shitloads of trouble. Highly illegal to even catch them. Just a heads up. 




 I think it's pretty fucking stupid that Jesus needed to roll a giant rock out of the way to escape the tomb when he has teleportation powers, but you bet your ass I'll be chompin down on some candy bunnies this weekend.  




 HA! Thanks for pointing that out. 




 I posted this same TIL to Archer a while back. Most people on the thread pointed out Hiroo probably wasn't the guy as there were lots of "hold outs." 




 Not really, no. So just putting it out there. Bring me a puppy, you've got yourself a free stay at Chateau du Weiner!  




 I mean... it doesn't HAVE to be an aussie. How hard would it be to get a puppy to Bermuda? I am so down for this trade 




 Ummmmmm that can definitely be arranged 




 [Bill Cosby's thoughts on the subject](http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/84/83/f9/8483f904e67132d9251c6c720422bdf1.jpg) 




 It is. Fun fact about the house: Adam Driver married my cousin 2 summers ago on the front lawn. 




 The racism in this thread disgusts me. Clearly this woman is hedgehogkin. 




 If puppies result you've got yourself a free week at [my rental cottage](https://www.flipkey.com/sandys-cottage-rentals/p522705/) in Bermuda in exchange for one. 




 Ugh.... I've wanted an Aussie for so fucking long. Directions to Jelly school, plz 




 [A humble token](http://i.imgur.com/PvNJZgI.jpg) of my broke ass's appreciation for that comment 




 Wait. Who is Alex? 




 Why even bother? Or are you that much of tool to think you can get laid because a girl posted a picture of herself? 




 Far crazier things have happened... 




 I have no idea what's going on, but clearly you've ruined it. Thanks. 




 Wait... did they recently release an album that sold like 4 copies in Australia? 




 That's because you can't get in trouble for saying two grown ups had sex. Try saying a major celebrity fucked a 14 year old and see how that goes down with their lawyers 




 That's my cousin. 




 This is PRECISELY how I feel after missing an easy birdie. 




 The ONE link I click on thinking it might be real. Fuck you OP. I had the biggest freedom chub and you ruined it. Thanks. 




 wasn't just for you. I've had a few messages and there are other similarly themed comments to yours 




 Yeah... I get that my comment came across that way. But there are a lot of circumstances to my personal relationship and how it ended that has resulted in me being a lot more judicious with who invest myself emotionally in. No sense going into them, this isn't /r/relationships, but for clarity's sake it's not my trust in women that has gone specifically, it's the realization that the person I choose to give myself to wholeheartedly can at any given moment turn around and leave me with my dick in the wind. I doubt that person would ever be a man, so it's not a leap to say that relationship has left me wary of any woman I should want to spend my life with. 




 Mixed, but close enough. 




 Go ahead and check my post history. I'm all for remaining with England because of the advantages it offers us. Carry on. 




 Spoken like a true member of the Empire.

Since you clearly can't pick up on colloquialisms like "readins", I guess I have to explain.

Bermuda was settled by people on their way to settle in America. Therefor anti-British sentiment was strong circa 1775, since many of the people fighting in the Revolutionary War (sorry, "The War Of Independence" in your parlance) had close ties to Bermuda. Famous figures like John Rolfe, for example, had been wrecked in Bermuda (he even named his child with Pocahontas "Bermuda Rolfe.")

Seeing as those who settled in Bermuda did so for the same reasons the colonists settled in Virginia, it's only natural that they would side with their American brothers and sisters in their fight to gain independence.

Subsequently, we have attached our own dollar to the American dollar, become the darling of your biggest corporations, and underwritten the majority of your insurance. We are the oldest self governing colony in the British Empire, and have made shaky steps towards independence on a number of occasions, each push ultimately failing because no longer being a part of Britain would deprive us of valuable education and work opportunities both in the UK and the wider EU.

But what do I know, I'm just a Bermudian journalist with more than a decade worth of experience and research into Bermudian history to draw from.  




 It was more savage than that. Literally stopped responding to me when I lost my job.  




 Fuck. It's not a joke when this has actually happened to you. Completely erased my trust in women

EDIT: the women I have intimate relationships with. Obviously not all women. You don't get hit by a car then not pay more attention the next time you cross the road.  




 Found the professional comedian everyone 




 My sisters are good friends with him. Went to school together. He's hilariously self deprecating. 




 Either the mods are morons or this is a really bad April Fools joke... 




 Totalling a car? Check.

Driving fast and annoying neighbours? Check.

Eggings houses? Check.

Being late because video games? Check.

Pissing in inappropriate place? Check.

Distain for authority? Check.

I did every single last one of those things as a kid. You've only made me feel sorry that Justin Beiber has to live his life under such scrutiny that regular teenage hoodrat shit qualifies him for being vehemently hated. 




 I'd still hit it 




 What makes him so twattish? I know nothing about the kid except he has a face I want to punch. 




 Found the Belieber  




 Actually I had no idea. Thanks! Growing up on an island, we don't get much readins done, but when we does its awlays good to learn something new. /s 




 /u/trollabot EvilBrent  




  a nation of naked knee school lads on a scouting trip

I ain't even mad. That's the best goddamn description I've ever heard.

And if you want showy, try lying on that pink sand and being able to stick a little flag in it every time your $12 daiquiri needs a refill. 




 Honorary patriot* 

/r/Bermuda reporting for duty. 

When it comes to helping Murica fight off red-coat scum, let alone the wand waving kind, we've [got your back.](http://www.revolutionary-war-and-beyond.com/the-bermuda-gunpowder-plot.html) 




 I agree, although I found her more annoyingly stubborn and pompous. The way she walked over the house elves really irked me.  




 What makes you think Hermione would want a domestic life?  




 I feel compelled to say sir, yes sir right now. 




 Actually, my last name is double barrelled. "Spicy-Weiner" just sounds too weird. 




 Ah. TIL. Good for them. Must've been fun. We in Bermuda had a Cat 4 hit us dead on last summer. One of the coolest things to experience, so long as nobody gets hurt. 




 IIRC that picture was photoshopped or taken at a totally different time to the hurricane. Did they actually, or was that just more Facebook bullshit? 




 Well Muslims born and raised in the west usually ARE like every other muslim. Regular people.

The media is responsible for a lot of things, not least of which is the total confusion over what is going on within Islam right now. You're right in that it's helped spread xenophobia and racism and prejudice. I totally agree. You're right in that plenty of other religious groups have practiced the exact same things from time immemorial.

But Islam is in the middle of a massive ideological battle right now that is spilling over, costing hundreds of thousands of lives. Should talking heads be wondering on national television if the guy was a muslim? Of course not, if there's nothing to suggest that. Of COURSE that is wrong.

Is it prejudiced to wonder if a muslim who has carried out a violent attack was doing so in the name of Islam? No, because prejudice is by definition a pre-conceived notion not based on actual experience. If 20 people have been bitten by sharks off of one beach all summer, and a body washes up with chunks taken out of it, you're going to assume a shark did it.

EDIT: #notallsharks 




 1 + X = 2. Assuming X = 1 is not exactly rash.

It's not prejudicial to assume that if a Muslim commits an act of mass murder, especially in the West, it's usually in the name of ideology. And when it comes to killing people with planes, it's not like there isn't a history. It's irresponsible to use a label such as terrorist without knowing the motive, absolutely, but questioning whether an act of violence was ideologically motivated these days is only natural. 

Just to be clear, I lived for three years with kids from Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Iran. Some of the best friends I ever had. I'm not trying to shit on Muslims. Hell, the most devout Muslims I met were the most morally upstanding people I have ever come across.
 




 I'm one of those people. Worked in journalism from 16 onwards. Went to college. Realized in my first month that it would be way more beneficial to stay in the industry for three years instead of spending money on getting a 3-yr degree. Going to get my masters next year, and the newspaper I work for is paying for it! 




 I think you misread my comment. I wasn't saying that. And it's not just a dick on a motorcycle that thinks this. There are plenty of economic studies that advocate for flexible speed limits, especially on rural roads where noise pollution is not a factor. [Like here, for example.](http://docreader.readspeaker.com/docreader/index.php?jsmode=1 cid=bqcrm lang=en_au url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitre.gov.au%2Fpublications%2F2003%2Ffiles%2Fwp_059.pdf v=Google%20Inc.)

 
























 Mutu....

Now that's a name I haven't heard in a loooong time 




 I... don't get it. What a waste of a meme. A hipster cop would obviously go around arresting people for breaking archaic laws that nobody knows are still in effect. 




 #JusticeForColby 




 AYYYY LMAO 




 Honestly, I love moments like this purely for the quick little glimpse it gives into a person's real nature. I live in a majority black country and grew up thinking all my white friends weren't racist. But over time, every now and then, one of them would let slip a moment like this, and I'm grateful every time. I don't say anything, just make a mental note, then slowly eek them out of my life.

EDIT: I'm not talking about wee little moments of prejudice, or politically incorrect views. I'm talking about flashes of outright racism. It's something I hate with the core of my being and it fundamentally changes my view of people to the point that I don't want to know them anymore. 




 /r/quityourbullshit 




 This girl had her life ruined over this video when the guy she sent it to uploaded it to the TOR site Pink Meth. Guilty boner....... 




 This happened to me in London. Travelled from one end of the city to the other, getting off and changing at all the same spots as a really cute girl. I was thinking I'd say something to her jokingly and we ended up getting off at my stop. She looks back. I go to say "heh I swear I'm not stalking you" but she bolts before I can. Shaved my moustache as soon as I got home... 




 Goats? Psh. My dog killed geese. GEESE. Lovely little black lab taking on dozens of 3-foot honking pieces of hell. It was a bloodbath. 




 Being seen as a "trusted student" by a teacher the rest of the class dislikes puts that student at odds with their classmates, fostering distrust among their peers. In the hyper-social setting of a classroom, this can be severely detrimental to the student's social standing among the group. 

"This kills the ____" is a meme, in this case applied glibly to signify that such an action by the teacher would leave the "trusted student" figuratively "dead". 

In comedy, hyperbole is often used to "play up" a truth. In this instance, "This kills the student" is referencing the social strain being labeled a "trusted student" would induce. 

While one could have commented: "This would severely hamper the student's social standing among his peers", such matter-of-fact comments often go unnoticed on forums such as Reddit, where one-liners and popular references tend to generate more reaction and, in turn, karma. 




  Send a trusted student

This kills the student 




 Repost or not, I love seeing this. It's really the simplest advice you can give. I write for a living, so I get a lot of people asking me "how to become a writer" etc. The answer is literally in the job description.  




 A wave hit it? 




 http://media.giphy.com/media/awRutawdcWLJe/giphy.gif 




 F 




 Not to mention Suzuka 2006. Put it on pole then gave the lead to Schumacher, who would've won the championship if his engine hadn't blown on the final laps.  




 I may not have ever seen a Whitmarsh car in person, but we in Bermuda are super fucking stoked to see what he can come up with for BAR racing. [Here's](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-LlGp21ZReTY/VMGTeYMQmkI/AAAAAAAAdCg/WdQ5Pt6eBWs/s1600/Nacra20ACBARBermudac.jpg) what they are sailing in our waters right now. Gorgeous, frankly.  




 Make it hail? 




  JayZ Wentworth 

My sides.... 




 These boots were made for scissoring?  




 [For that bitter taste.](https://boots.scene7.com/is/image/Boots/10136964?id=VhVah0 fmt=jpg fit=constrain,1 wid=504 hei=548) 




  Thine network is Telus

FTFY 




 [Welcome to the fucking show.](http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=b22_1422986532) 




 Being the best at the second most popular sport on Earth is probably worth bragging about. 




 Quite a posh accent too. She'd do well in Parliament. 

"What Mr Cameron was meaning..."

DC: "POINT OF ORDER, MR SPEAKER. I'M NOT MEAN." 




 Good thing he's better at football than chewing gum 




 /r/ComedyCemetery  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States 




 It's just calling two black men monkeys. There isn't even an attempt at making a joke. 




 I'm not offended. It's just not funny. 




 More of a response to low effort racism that isn't remotely funny.  




 /r/Bermuda here

Legend has it that if a corn-rowed white girl shows up before the end of May, summer comes early. 




 Snort it back up.  




 lol black ppl are monkeys right guise?

/r/shitpost 




 That sarong is so fucking fetch I literally can't even 




 Hold the fucking phone. 

There's a girl named Kate Micucci?

Is her mother named Munch?  




 Come to Bermuda. 20 minute swim from my dock with a spear, and you'll have one in no time. 




 The fuck you say to me, paragraph? 




 They used the local media and now they're beating you. This is called being outsmarted. Nothing to do with a pussy pass. 




 Best of luck. 




 Well telling them they just don't get it, or explaining things in a condescending and dismissive way, is how you make sure they never get it.

Clinic defenders protect abortion clinic workers and clients from protesters who try and shame women as they walk in. IIRC you get some training and they call you up when a local abortion clinic is being protested for whatever reason. It's a great cause that always needs more help. 




 Perhaps try taking your activism beyond the internet. Volunteer as a clinic defender. You'll find no empathy here when you come in guns blazing with lines like 

 The only people that think women don't have issues in the US are men. 




 I'm really hoping you're a troll. Ignorance is not an indicator of intelligence. You have a flair for the kind of melodramatic rage that makes everyone think feminists are perpetually triggered cuntnuggets. 




 lolwut? 

"Feminist" work differs wildly from country to country, according to how much work is needed to be done for the rights of women IN that country. American feminism, as the average person sees it, looks like Tumblr. Turkish feminism looks like a woman beheading her rapist in the fucking street.  




 "American feminism" would imply feminism in America is different. 

"American feminists" implies feminist women in America are different. 




 I didn't know saying you complain about feminism = spouting off about feminism. 




 Doubtful. Quotes but no name is a pretty big indicator that the story is bullshit. 




 It's the new Brangelina!  




 Talking about how Superman makes us question our priority in the universe? Yup. That's exactly who is talking. Has to be. 




 Just did a quick google. In California alone there are five different endangered fox species, five endangered species of rat, two species of endangered mice...
 




  Lindsey works for the Washington Animal Clinic in Brenham. In the comment section of her post, she wrote no I did not lose my job. Lol. Psshh. Like someone would get rid of me. Im awesome!

lol 




 Also indigenous and endangered species. I live in Bermuda and have to keep a constant eye out for my cat getting its paws on a skink, one of world's rarest lizards. He's killed 4 already. 




 All great advice until

 take the story to a sympathetic media outlet.

I hire a lot of freelancers. While I sympathise that you are working at an unethical company, I wouldn't trust you further than I could throw you if you quit your job because of the reasons you've listed then told another news outlet about it. Unless it's a story that has real value, like interns being forced to pay for rec letters, you'd be shooting yourself in the foot. 




 Please don't do that.

Lovingly, Bermuda 




 Doubtful. It's one of my many pet names for him. Haz, Hazzy, Jazz Haz, Hazmat, Hazdribal, Hazilla, Hazim Zalabim, El Hazerino (if you're not into the whole brevity thing). Sometimes I just refer to the entire left side of the pitch as Hazpilicueta.  




 Not with that attitude 




 'keepers don't tend to get worse until their physicality REALLY drops off. Even then that drop-off can be compensated for with wise positioning. 




 You must be watching a different player. IMO he's been excellent in those positions. His presence in a melee is precisely why I'd choose him over Cech.  




 Weird. I remember a very boisterous chorus of "Adebayor, your dad washes elephants and your mum is a whore" echoing around the Emirates for a while. 




 Try using Colgate Xtra Fresh mouthwash. Excellent for getting rid of lingering bitter taste. 




 That's probably his only weakness. He can get overzealous. With Haz on that left wing I don't blame him.  




 That is one uncanny airplane impression. 




 His distribution, primarily. He's had a number of shoddy throws. 




 I was a TV reporter for a while. Got pulled over for speeding with a girl I was dating and she says to the cop: "Do you know who he is?" Never been more mortified in my life. We broke up a few weeks later. 




 Has any of your work shown up on /r/wheredidthesodago? Any good stories? I worked in advertising for a hot second so I KNOW you've got a few... 




 Whoring out my hair for karma is better than whoring out my mum though, right? 




 Tropical islander here. Have to deal with this most of the year. All the advice here is spot on. I'd only add that I've found the best underwear for this in Banana Republic's Untra Pro sport trunk. Toss some Gold Bond in there and you've got yourself a smooth, dry coinpurse for the rest of the day. 




 You paint with words. 




 I CAN DO A REALLY GOOD WOOKIE IMPRESSION ^^^sorry ^^^I ^^^panicked ^^^and ^^^didn't ^^^know ^^^what ^^^else ^^^to ^^^say 




 It's a fucking sandcastle mold you numpty. 




 Have lived in the US, Bermuda, Canada, and the UK. In a bumfuck nowhere town in Canada I'm having a smoke on the sidewalk by a traffic light, outside a bar. Truck pulls up. Rolls down window. Guy looks at me: "How ya doin'?"

Um, fine.

"Don't look like you're from around here."

No, just here for my sister's graduation.

"Oh! Well give the little lady all my best!"

Light goes green. Truck drives off.

NOWHERE, and I mean NOWHERE, has that ever happened to me. Canada has earned it's reputation. Now siddown and eat your poutine.  




 Smile big and walk fast. Nobody will notice. Unless you get obese. Then everyone will notice.  




 ITT: the exact kind of speculation Funny or Die wanted to stir up.  




 It's SOP to film multiple takes of a scene from multiple angles. 




 . 




 It's from PinkMeth, a TOR revenge porn site where they doxx women on social media and make them write apology letters to get everything taken down. Remember coming across it a while ago. 




 Found the purple. 

#Grey4Lyf 




 That's always sounded like bullshit to me. Do we have any proof that being fat was once found attractive? I don't see any beautiful statues of fat people... 




 Not trivial at all, especially since the DP was [Shane Hurlbut.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0403397/) So, not exactly like he's going to ruin the guy's career.

I've done really small time broadcast news, and I'd get super pissed if anyone, let alone the director of photography, was walking around in front of me during filming. Everyone knew not to do that. 

How the fucking DP of a major motion film doesn't know that is actually pretty astounding. 




 This is a really shitty version of a smoker's retort to people on high horses telling them how much money they'd save if they didn't smoke. 




 Smoking a joint as I read this. Have I just been sorted? 




 /r/zoophilia

 




 God fucking dammit. This sub is hell. Ducks, not chicks. Capybara, not guinea pig. Jesus. Someone get the oncologist, this post just gave me lymphoma.  




 YAY. Does this mean I can finally use the term "Malthusian Catastrophe" and people will know what I'm saying? 




 Having your girlfriend of two years leave you because she's a lesbian is not quite the same... But Eh for Effort? 




 [K](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/ktf.gif) 




 YES. 




 There's a club!? GOOD. Because I'd really like to discuss how fucking confusing it is thinking about the woman I loved having lesbian sex. The dichotomy between a man's heart and his dick has never been more apparent.  




 Fuckit, I'll jump on this downvote train. Fuck that show. Fuck Chuck. Fuck sitcoms. They're all terrible. 




 Pretty sure Reddit is comprised of a wide variety of people from all walks of life with similar taste in pop culture. But what do I know, I'm just an outcast loser neckbeard.  




 Take it from a guy who fell deeply in love with a girl who was questioning her sexuality, you dodged a bullet.  




 [Sigh.](http://thatmarriedguy.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/j002e3d.gif) 




 The request and fulfilment of said request are too perfect. I think we need to bring in /r/KarmaConspiracy on this one 




 I'd be happy to if there's an actual interest 




 Night court????? I didn't know there was such a thing!

And honestly, if you haven't ever been to plea court (dont know what the American equivalent is), you need to go check it out. I've always referred to it as the most fun you can have for free with your pants on. 




 He was fine, except that he kept trying to explain to the magistrate that he and his cousin (the owner) had sorted it out. The magistrate kept telling him if they had sorted it out, he wouldn't be here. That was hard for him to understand. Here's the article. http://www.royalgazette.com/article/20131113/NEWS02/131119909 




 That's much more succinct than I've been putting it. I hate this new trend of looking at the world like it should be a crime free paradise. Should the Ferguson kid have been shot? Of course not. Should he have obeyed the law? Of course. Did Charlie Hebdo deserve it? No. Should they have seen it coming? No shit. Should women get to wear whatever they want? Sure! Should women know wearing certain clothing will elicit certain responses? Fucking duh. 




 Court reporter here. Can confirm. Especially in plea court, these idiots are a dime a dozen. Once [wrote a story](http://www.royalgazette.com/article/20131113/NEWS02/131119909) on a guy who kicked in a restaurant's door because he had to pay $3.25 for some bacon. 




  There's not very many automatic weapons

Quite the opposite. Automatic weapons dominated trench warfare. The machine gun is responsible for the brutality of WWI. Jump out of trench, get mowed down, repeat. 




 Dear America,

Sort out your pansy ass college students. We didn't help you fuck up the redcoats so cry-baby college kids can waste their time banning a goddamn film from being shown to whoever wants to see it.


Sincerely,

/r/bermuda  




 It's the NATO Tigers patch, IIRC. 




  freakshow

Tagged as deep closet homo.  




 YES. Islander here. Happened to my parents' friends. I go full panic mode whenever I see a kid sitting like that now.  




 [Chickensaurus is already in dev.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/paleontologist-jack-horner-is-hard-at-work-trying-to-turn-a-chicken-into-a-dinosaur/2014/11/10/cb35e46e-4e59-11e4-babe-e91da079cb8a_story.html) 




 [Grab some popcorn.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/2c9ida/recap_unibanned_a_recap_of_the_fallout_of_reddits)  
























 Whatever you do, don't listen to reggae.... 




 Thanks for that edit. A crucial detail many might have missed /s 




 http://i.imgur.com/GfJNU68.gif 




 I'll include the further definition then... 

 "an outcome cruelly, humorously, or strangely at odds with assumptions or expectations."

A black fly in white wine? A post-mortem death pardon? That's pretty clear cut to me. 




 What're you talking about? Irony is "a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what was or might be expected." Every last bit of that song is ironic. 




 CUT HIS FUCKING HEAD OFF! 




 I used it when I was putting my advertising portfolio together, and it really helps for inspiration. There's a lot of cool shit on there that you won't find on reddit. I didn't encounter any of the stuff you see here when I was using it. 




 Venezuela? 




 How'd he die? 




 Here's the thing.... 




 Are you dead yet? 




 I figured as much re: their value. Not that I planned on selling them anyways. I suppose I should give my grandfather's book a go. I've read Spymistress and Intrepid, and I find his prose a bit jaunty. That, combined with his general habit of being an asshole when he was alive, has discouraged me somewhat.  




 I did notice that rule in the sidebar, but I hoped my question at the end on which book to read first would accomplish that. Is the current edit sufficient?  




 Not sure if this is allowed, but I don't really know where else to share it. Recently, while digging through the archives of my family's publishing company, I found a pile of old books by Robert Louis Stevenson, my ~great great great great grandfather.

No idea what they are worth, nor if anyone will find this interesting, but thought I would share.

[Enjoy.](http://imgur.com/a/9HjXF)

EDIT: I wish this post was more informative, but unfortunately I'm not really in touch with that side of my family. If anyone knows anything about these books, or about RLS (or my grandfather) in particular, I'd love to hear more. 




 *suggestive beeping* 




 The show and the foundation are separate entities. The foundation funds it. I'm just saying I agree with you and pointing out there might be just a wee bit of bias seeing as it wasn't an independant study  




 A study commissioned by the Sesame Foundation.... 




 I mean, I thoroughly agree with the educational value Sesame Street brings to the table, but all these studies ARE commissioned by the Sesame Foundation.

That aside, here's a fun fact/ shameless plug for /r/bermuda: The CEO of the Sesame Foundation, Mel Ming, is fucking awesome and grew up in a really hard part of my country. I've interviewed him a few times and he's a top notch man.  




 Reminds me of how the lizards my cat eats must feel. 




 "Illegal." Wait what? I don't want the whims of the public determining a major foreign policy decision like war... 




  people with nothing to offer the world need to feel superior to somebody else.

Not really. I know this may be a shock, but there are plenty of intelligent, successful people on this site from a diverse range of background who get their kicks laughing at fatties as much as silly kittens. 




 Because how he was poisoned is debatable. What he was poisoned with is not. 




 As someone who didn't know anything about Turing beforehand, I thought the film was great. Reading up on it afterwards though, it was abundantly clear the portrayal of him was well off the mark. That said, I didn't buy Keira Knightly being a maths whiz for one second. 




 Well that's not very nice. I'll have you know I have lovers in a vast array of area codes

* 718s
* 202s

I send small cities and states IOU's

* 901 
* matter fact 305

I jump off the D4, we can meet outside. So control your hormones and keep your drawers on til I close the door and I'm jumping your bones

* 312

* 313

* 215

* 803

Read your horoscope and eat some hors-d'oeuvres. Til I pump one of these hoes is self serve.

* 757

* 410 

My cell phone says overload

 




 Well hey there pilonidal cyst brother. High five for having two holes in our butts. 




 /r/popping would LOVE you 




 It was. And I bet that asshole didn't earn the name from getting a handy andy from his girlfriend after she sliced up jalapenos. 




  I'm white as heck.

Checks out. 









 Mrs Blount. 9th grade World History. 




  that were made public after the revolution in Russia

via www.bolshevikleaks.org IIRC 




 That fucking seal had the meal of his life. Dorado are fucking tastyyyyyy 




 "Something something sausage and politics." -- Otto von Bismarck 




 Yeah, people seem to forget that not 50 years earlier France had the most dominant land army in the world. 




 Well, the main reason (IIRC) is because the land was given to the Saudi family after the Ottoman Empire was defeated in WWI, and the Allies were all like "Yo Saudi's, hold my pocket." At that point I'm not sure they were thinking oil would become so valuable in the coming years, or even knew there WAS oil in them thar hills.

This history lesson brought to you by the scraps of memory I retain from my high-school education, so take it with a grain of salt. 




 you make it sound like people are just going around guzzling genitals willy nilly 




 I suppose you either die a content provider, or live long enough to see yourself become a filthy reposter. 




 "I didn't know Alan Turing had asperger's" -- My mom 




 Ah. Didn't know this was a repost. I've become what I hate the most... 









 H... how am I doing that? 




 Now that you've shown up, this is going to reach the front page. That's how it works right? 




 I feel like this comment just lacks proper grammar and you are encouraging /u/WisconsinHoosierZwei to watch a film titled Faces of Death... but part of me thinks it just as likely you're telling him to go find and watch the faces of dying people.  




 Corporate on the phone: "What precisely do you mean by 'He dun fucked up'?" 




 By sheer coincidence, I just finished The Imitation Game which gives the date of his suicide at the end of the film. 









 http://imgur.com/YswTSQm 




 I guess it's my fault for reading "no spoilers" not thinking that wouldn't apply for the comments section 




 that comma is really bothering, me 




 Verizon commercials make this one cry. So... Weird, but not out of the ordinary.  




 With a misspelled name, nonetheless. Paging /u/jstrydor  




 My mom is screaming her tits off. She has no clue about horse racing....

EDIT: now she's crying. What the hell.... 




 Makes you wonder how many bodies might be buried beneath.  




 More artillery, not bigger. 




 It's moby dick. No frou-frou symbolism. Just a good old fashioned tale about a man and a whale. 




 That's not a backhanded compliment.... That's a straight diss. 




  I am not a smart man 




 Frank N. Stein  




 Mother of God. 211,743 words.....

EDIT: just realized it's Moby fucking Dick. I am not a smart man. 




 Hence why I said "good satire" specifically. And in order for there to be libel, the person would have to prove damages. 




 Exactly. After I left my job at my local national paper, I started a satire blog that people immediately began sharing thinking it was real. [This one,](http://thebermudalampoon.com/2015/02/27/michael-fahy-not-about-to-start-giving-a-shit/#more-192) about an appointed official (rather than elected) caused a 1000+ comment chain. 




 Good satire is taken seriously by LOTS of people. The former FIFA vice president, for example. Or even the OG satirist, Jonathan Swift. A Modest Proposal caused an uproar. 




 That's the most satisfying part of writing satire, when people think it's real. It's really the highest compliment. 




 That's kinda the nature of sketch comedy, [as expressed perfectly by the Mitchell and Webb Look](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OE_Glg85-60) 




 Journalist here. An indoor, private gym is most certainly not a public space, and therefor you cannot film without consent. The reason it's legal to film in public without consent is because you don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy. While you are a patron inside an establishment, you have a reasonable expectation of privacy. 









 [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/His_Girl_Friday) 









 This kills the weasel  









 I remember reading it somewhere. Was it on Reddit? If so I'd happily give credit. 









 Holy mother of moses this is amazing. Thank you so much. On mobile right now so will check this out further when I get home. Cheers dude! 




 So glad I tagged you when you were called out on /r/quityourbullshit  




 Actually, they should thank Bills QB Ed Rutkowski for losing the final game of the ~~'78~~ '68 season, giving the Bills the #1 pick in the combined AFL/NFL draft over the Eagles. If Rutkowski hadn't fumbled on the 1 yard line, the Bills wouldn't have gotten OJ Simpson, meaning OJ would've gone to Philly, meaning he'd never have met Nicole, meaning he'd never have murdered her (allegedly), meaning he'd never have hired a lawyer named Kardashian, meaning when his daughter has sex with some cousin of Snoop's named Ray J, the only people that would know the Kardashian name would be Pornhub aficionados. If the Bills weren't so awful at football, we wouldn't have to be dealing with the Kardashians 




 Full comments from [Greg 'Picard' Dyke](http://i.guim.co.uk/static/w-620/h--/q-95/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2015/6/2/1433265613069/d2e0376f-bb63-4132-95de-007706124be2-620x372.jpeg), since they'll be hard to find on the auto-feed I linked.

 Hes stood down. Hes gone. Lets celebrate  this is nothing to do with Mr Blatter being honourable, he hasnt been honourable in years.
 
 Something has come out of the events of last week that has caused Mr Blatter to resign  Hes gone. At long last we can sort out Fifa. We can go back to looking at those two World Cups. If I were Qatar right now I wouldnt be feeling very comfortable. 




 Psh. Crimea river. 




 well, that and the piles of dead people. 




 Tony Pulis? Great track record of pulling businesses out of the shitter. 









 [Ah, the old reddit high-school-aroo](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/382z5y/today_is_mabels_14th_birthday_heres_the_cutest/crs9vg3?context=5) 




 I'm fine with spiders, cockroaches, junebugs, bats, sharks, you name it. Dolphins though? Fuck that. I'm convinced they're smarter than us, they just live a simpler life. 

I once volunteered at a dolphin experience place for a summer and had to go down with SCUBA gear to fix the fencing separating their enclosures. The 11 foot alpha named Khyber got hyper aggro and started jaw snapping at me. The shockwave shook my ribcage so much it felt like someone let off a grenade underwater.

They are terrifying animals. Nobody ever takes my phobia seriously, but I challenge anyone to get into a tank with a pissed off dolphin and tell me they didn't fear for their life.

(before people get on my back for working at such a cruel place, I was like 14 years old. I know now how awful it is to keep such amazing creatures penned in.) 




 Just because there's a goalie doesn't mean you can't score 




 Is Bully Beatdown still going? That might actually be a good fight. 




  dodged a ~~bullet~~ knife
 




 Townie was the kind of kid to punch you in the face when rough-housing. Apparently he was also the kind of kid to get high on acid and murder his mother's boyfriend, a retired US Army general.

Source: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2005/jun/28/20050628-115956-6417r/ 









 Be careful. That could come back to haunt you. http://www.gifbin.com/bin/082009/1249287681_laser_pointer_dog_crotch_bite.webm 




 [Source](http://www.bamz.org/conservation.php?id=2) 














 Popular posts on TIL have a very specific type. I love the idea of this sub because it's sort of a /r/mildlyinteresting version of it. You could put TIL in front of a LOT of factual posts on Reddit and it would work. 




 Journalist here. 

WE. DON'T. WRITE. THE. HEADLINES.

Feel the need to make that extra clear because every time there's a sensational headline, it's the author that gets blamed for it. 99% of the time we HATE the headlines our stories are given.

Call out the sub-editors, not the authors. 




 Teddy Roosevelt - the original hard-ass romantic. The duality between his inner suffering from his personal losses, and the person he projected to the world, are infinitely fascinating to me. 

He sorta had this need to assure and remind everyone of his heroism, but at the same time was aware of his own limitations and listened to what his heart told him. Rare you find those qualities in the same man. 




 Anderson Cooper is a stellar journalist. He fucked off to Africa in his teens IIRC (bankrolled by his family, but still...). He started in journalism by answering telephones, before he made a name for himself by forging his own press pass and getting into Burma to interview the students fighting the government. After that he began stringing from war zones all over the world.

He may not be a Marie Colvin, or a Philip Gibbs, but he's legit. I dont find any reason not to like the guy. 




 My family would totally be worthy of the show if it wasn't for my cuntrag sister shushing everyone.

FUCK YOU KATIE I HAVE QUIPS TO MAKE AND I WILL NOT BE SILENCED. 




 If I came across that many morons in my field of work, I'd get pretty angry too.  




 Nope. You wouldn't notice the Canadians, you'd just be dead. 

"If I had Canadian Soldiers, American technology and British officers I would rule the world." - Winston Churchill

EDIT: Oh. Just noticed your flair. Howdy neighbor.   




 Last I heard she was an Eagle Scout. 




 STORY TIME!

Freshman year in high school, my buddy got a hand job from a girl named Davina. 

She basically clapped her hands around it and rubbed up and down like she was trying to start a fire with a stick and some tinder.

Thus 'Dolphina' was born. 




 Already spent on rum and hookers. Sorry. 




 That's not a bad idea, but it'd be damn near impossible to sell. I might give Elon a call though, just for good measure.

The Guardian has a long and storied history of breaking earth-shattering stories dating all the way back to when the Bolsheviks leaked documents exposing the Entente's imperial interests of WWI. That kind of history attracts supporters, so it's no wonder benefactors favour them. 




 The point is that reliance on advertising for revenue creates that conflict of interest. Hence the BBC. NPR would've been the same, and in fact started out the same IIRC.



 




 I love that people still expect separation of church and state in the media. Of course they banned their reporters from doing that. Of course, it's also wrong, but the public doesn't want to pay for news. Don't want to pay, don't expect the tenets that journalism once espoused to remain.

Signed,

Severely disgruntled journalist  




 Was really hoping this would be an America's Cup reference.

For those that don't know, the Brits invited the Americans to sail against them, with the Queen looking on.

America proceeded to detroy the British by a massive margin. Thus the "America's Cup" was born.

It would take almost 180 years before anyone else beat the Americans, when Australia did it in 1981 (I think.)

So... yeah, the Brits aren't too hot on sailing against the Americans. 
























