 Let's see what next now. Everyone here want to earn money without the concern of their consumer. 




 Yeah... Actually there is separate panel for every seller where they can add, delete or modify there products without any prior info given to flipkart. It's the seller who updates price. 









 Amazing Art Made... 




 Travelling in Titanic  




 Four men attacked and badly injured a 36-year-old passenger on the Berlin metro system 









 Really heart breaking... very weak... 




 If the bill is enacted by late June, Japanese citizens aged 18 and over will be able to vote in elections starting with the House of Councillors election in the summer of 2016. 




 That's really mesmerizing 




 Well that's really shocking.... 




 i can never tell if her eyes are saying "fuck me" 




 So sweet 




 [For ancient Egyptians, bread was the most important food and beer was their most favorite drink.](http://blog.itsmypart.com/2014/06/bread-and-beer-was-most-important-food.html) 




 Travel all around the world 




 Pocket 




 Killing is not the solution. Instead, try and one day will succeed. 




 If you realize you made a mistake during or after questions time, what do you do?  




 The sum of a person's actions 









 [Best Friends Forever](http://imgur.com/gallery/qFbca7v) 




 this is a keyword in Java. Which can be used inside method or constructor of class. It(this) works as a reference to current object whose method or constructor is being invoked. this keyword can be used to refer any member of current object from within an instance method or a constructor. 




 By Watching Funny Videos... 




 Cars... 




 Nimo... 




 i can never tell if her eyes are saying "fuck me" 




 CrickBall 




 funny, TIL, WorldNews, gifs, celebs, gaming, gadgets, Movies, Videos, Sports 




 Girls... 




 What Do you think, will west indies win or loose this series...? 














 [step by step tomato soup recipe](http://www.vegrecipesofindia.com/tomato-soup-recipe-restaurant-style/) 




 First Human to summit Everest... 




 Sleepio 









 I want to say just one thing after this that "Singh's Are King"... 




 yours welcome, you may watch full video from the link provided in imgur. 





























 r/worldnews/ to know what happening around the world. 




 All you want to do is go back to sleep, but you can't 




 It taste sweet and the texture is creamy, a bit crunchy on the outer side. 




 one of the most beautiful place of Southeast Asian country 




 I save photos like these because I hope one day I will get to travel to them. 









 She's a beautiful 









 What a miracle..her adoptive parents who gave her a life.to how this gutsy young lady ended up...so well deserved..wonderful..she has my full respect. 




 A Gamer's Date... 









 Become a cricketer, they travel lot across the globe... 




 Edward Michael "Bear" Grylls 




 Be a Sports Person 




 Oxygen... 









 goku vs broly 









 A Common Man with Dreams 




 FANTASTIC! ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL AND VERY VERY CREATIVE. WONDERFUL! 




 Searching for the same thing, If get any reference will definitely share here... 




 The world needs more young people like this and less people like the ones calling him a 'girl'.  




 i want to see a video of one of these being created. aweosme works 




 Depends on Tittle and Content... 




 http://imgur.com/gallery/X7ETbDU 




 It's a big scam but if you want to try your luck. Try it.
When they ask for money as transfer charges or any other charges. Don't pay them. Ask them to deduct it from winning amount. This will all reveal them... 




 The small Andean town of La Oroya has been home to a metal smelter run by Missouri based Doe Run Corporation since 1922. As a result nearly all the local children suffer from lead poisoning and respiratory complications. The Peruvian government has even been taken to court for crimes against humanity by various organizations. 




 1. Alarm goes off.
2. I ignore it.
3. Alarm goes off again.
4. I turn it off.
5. Father comes in, shouts at me to get up, walks out.
Fall back asleep.
6. Father comes back in, pulls off all of the blankets and sheets, and drags them to the opposite corner of the room.
7. I get up

And that's it! Just seven easy steps to getting out of bed!

*Note: Requires available parents or other blanket-pullers. 




 The Internship 




 Ask for my help then complain about the way I'm helping them. 




 There is a better way to stop hackers: introduce universal encryption and secure computer systems. In its quest to spy on everyone NSA introduces flaws and backdoors into all our computers, encryption, and electronic systems and has a policy of not informing companies of flaws that NSA discovers. This is because NSA considers spying more important than the security of American systems. The result is a system full of holes for non-NSA hackers to exploit. 




 First search for source of income. 




 Through my Character 




 Middle East... 




 bowl cut for men 




 [Longest word in English](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_word_in_English) 




 perfect answer to that kind of a person...
 




 It really captures the complete attention. 




 really most boring nd funny marriage ever 
























 Allowing myself to become addicted to food 




 Chocolate Rain 









 Absolutely stunning photo! 




 "Anakin, you're breaking my heart. You're going down a path I just can't follow" 




 a fluffy heart-shaped cloud! 




 Ultimate wisdom. That way he's no longer my enemy, and I made a friend of the world's wisest man: win/win. 




 That's Mesmerizing 




 World's Destruction.... 




 Have a picnic in the park and ask everyone to make something from scratch. 




 [How come he don't want me, man?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSKyaXkzVvc feature=youtu.be t=6s) 









 I got a really nice set of headphones 




 Superman - The Man of Steel 




 My job. 




 Cute. 




 [Pug puppies will melt your Heart with Cuteness](http://imgur.com/gallery/45k2fR1) 




 Shelter and Food for homeless and needy... 




 Great shot... 




 Great story. Something actually worth reading. 




 Very honestly answered... 




 Ok.... but let me see the ring first. 




 I would marry her just for that smile. 




 on our own? 
with a friend, partner or person who knows us well? 
with a stranger who does not know us? 
why? explain 




 Yes they are... 









 Dream girl. 




 Forgetting their actions speak louder than words 









 [Bunny's](http://imgur.com/w7Z3uE4) 




 It's funny for me... 









 When other feels happy because of me... 




 Wonderful work! 




 Batman is the best one. Love it! 




 [Titanic Sank during her maiden voyage](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RMS_Titanic) 









 [1200 X 803](https://www.google.co.in/search?q=taylor%20swift tbm=isch tbs=simg%3ACAQSEgmCxBh_1lpCe9yGdcKYEvHYlZw ei=qPpyVcjPCM-9ugSsvYG4CA#imgrc=n-0wL5BLaX5X9M%253A%3Br74y7eukj3X4gM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fcdn.popdust.com%252Fwp-content%252Fuploads%252F2011%252F02%252FtaylorSwift2_spl221448_003.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fimgkid.com%252Filluminati-hand-signs-meaning.shtml%3B1200%3B803) 




 strangers saved my life by donating blood 





























 Lets see whose number will be next. 




 NYPD Red 3 by James Patterson 









 What a view. It's mesmerizing... 









 These are the most common questions that I exchange with folks when we first meet.  I think they are representative of a typical interaction between strangers.

How are you doing?

Where are you from?

What do you do for a living?

Where did you go to school and what did you study? 




 My Positive Attitude and Patience... 




 If the earthquake hadnt happened, this thing would have past already 




 When my youngest brother surprised me with latest CD of maroon 5 (He knows I'm crazy about Adam Levine).  I know i can easily listen to it at spotify or itune.  But the effort he gave to get the CD and send to me was just awesome.  He's the sweetest.  :-) 




 http://imgur.com/Ow6KdZS 




 this photo is making me really want to visit the US again! 




 So beautiful! 









 On Looking: Eleven Walks with Expert Eyes 




 r/upliftingnews 




 I would go back to the age of 18, when I had chosen stream for graduation. I wanna change my decision of that time. 




 My hair... 




 Eat and drink slowly. When you eat or drink fast, you can swallow a lot of air, which can cause gas, says Bickston. The simple solution? Slow down when you eat. If you have dentures, check with your dentist to be sure they fit properly so youre not gasping air while eating. 




 Press any key to continue, "There is no any key on my keyboard"... 




 Being stuck on a 4 hours bus ride. The bus driver had the heat all the way up. The windows would not open. Pleople smoked on the bus. It was like being trapped in a portable hell. 




 Be imaginative and start a charity project. There are groups and organizations in need of help raising funds or gathering materials. One student, whose brother was ill during his childhood, saw the need to help the Ronald McDonald house by collecting gently used toys. Another realized that his test prep books would go to waste, so he created a charity that collected these books and donated them to schools and libraries so students could use them without having to purchase them. Not only will you be helping others but you will communicate to colleges that you value community. 









 Spanking mostly. 




 Dan Carlin's Hardcore History. Dude is passionate and knowledgeable. 




 (   )  









 All my ex girlfriends. 




 torture chamber in the Ministry of Love 









 When I was in middle school, our entire class was lined up outside our History class after recess, waiting to get in. We waited like 10 minutes, wondering where our teacher was. He suddenly bursts through the door and is SUPER PISSED OFF. There is practically steam coming out of his ears.
He divides the class, putting 5 people on one side of the room, and the rest of the class on the other. On the floor, there is a large rectangle of masking tape. He gives rolls of tape to the 5 selected students, and instructs them to bind the hands of everyone on the other side of the room. Everyone in the class is creeped right out.
As our hands are being bound, anyone who speaks gets hushed immediately by our furious teacher. He stares them down with an intense look of disapproval and gives the slitting-your-neck sign language with his finger. When everyone is bound, he makes the class lie down, one by one, inside the taped rectangle. He then instructs the 5 students to tape our legs and mouthes. Kids start to protest, but he yells at them to be quiet and lie down. When the entire class is bound and gagged on the classroom floor, tiled up like sardines, the teacher turns off the lights and leaves the room.
Everyone starts freaking out, ripping the tape off, getting up. Chaos descends. Nobody can figure out what the fuck is going on.
The teacher comes back into the room with a huge shit-eating grin on his face and says "Now you all know what it's like to be on a slave ship heading to the colonies!"
He was fired a few weeks later. 




 I believe in the possibility that there are other life forms inhabiting corners of the universe other than our little patch of earth. I am not saying that this life might be intelligent life or even life on a scale as we know it - it might be bacterial level or in a state which we cannot in our current knowledge imagine. And then again maybe there are other vastly more 'advanced' (or maybe 'civilized' is a better way to put it) life forms out there that we no nothing about.  




 I am going with my family in Croatia. I like Croatia beaches and family park, It has a great attraction for their all visitors. 




 Shit, I'm awake. 









 I lost 15kg since march this year, I'm insanely proud of myself :) 




 Man from Earth 




 I appreciate you saying so! 




 Trust no one. 
























 Soup is one of the favorite when you are feeling sick. 




 What invention would make me the wealthiest? 









 Once Youre Talking to Someone, Ask Questions 




 Yet another reason why I love Dwayne Johnson soooo much! 




 this one
[Male Redditors: What hints have girls given you that flew over your head and you now deeply regret?](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/151z5j/male_redditors_what_hints_have_girls_given_you/) 




 it's my pleasure to help you... 




 Someone with a life sentence in jail. 




 You may also go for Drupal or Joomla... 




 WordPress is constantly under the threat of a variety of hacking attacks. Their upgrades help combat this issue, but it could be a nuisance for webmasters of eCommerce sites. Security for any business is absolutely critical. 




 Human sacrifice. Its amazing what someone will do for you if they love you. 




 You can use OpenCart or Magento, best CMS for online shopping sites. 









 Absolutely beautiful! 




 Minesweeper. 




  3 second milk ads that leave you wondering what just happened 




 Bejeweled... 




 Bought a car on Craigslist. It had a valid title, all of the VIN's matched, so did all of the locks. Car fax showed zero issues and the National Insurance VIN database didn't show any either.

Went to register it and it was stolen, I had to give it to the Highway Patrol. That was a pretty shitty day. 




 I decided that I wanted to believe in something again. Sometimes life is rough and it's nice to think there could be something out there looking out for me. I look at religion much more internally now- to me it's about my personal relationship with myself and my actions. 









 Veggies, unfreezing meats, hard salami, broccoli, wine, heavy cream, butter, sour cream, cheese. Mmmmmmm. 




 Being an innocent child and having a deep love of the X-Men. So you google X-men and... x-girl...which is where your life changes 




 My Greatest fear in my life is - being jobless. Though i know that i can get the job within one month but just thinking about that make me panic every-time. May be the reason is, I had spent few moths without salary and looking for job in very beginning of my career. 




 I love the song Peril from Halo 2 




 Friend of mine was once caught having a wank at a bus stop. 




 my father. After all he is the wisest human i know. 




 Rado Watch... 









 Digg went to shit. 




 Yes it is... 




 That I am late to everything. 









 I got detention for cheating in a test because my score was too high. I didn't cheat... I just studied. 









 When it comes to loyalty, nothing comes close to a dog. Definitely not other humans. 




 I asked my 8 year old nephew what he was doing and he said "having sex with my girlfriend" (in grand theft auto apparently?). That kid is generally probably gonna go to jail though. 




 Id pay off credit card debt. 




 Check this:
http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/39epin/a_british_woman_is_very_scared_and_very_upset/ 




 Go Naked in Malaysia sacred mountain...  
























