 I was pretty excited until I went to the bottom of the Kickstarter page where they mention you cannot alter the files on the USB drive and it only contains a launch.html file that simply causes a browser redirect to a site of your choosing. It's still pretty cool, but it seems like more work than just giving someone a URL on your business card. 




 The fact that Europe allows such extremist protests is ridiculous. Rallies like this will not cause ISIS to lose fanatic supporters in Europe, it'll just go to energize those leaning towards extremism. Free speech is one thing... but allowing rallies by supporters of an organization dedicated to wiping out and terrorizing harmless civilians who don't agree with them? Those 'protests' should be met with an iron fist before extremism takes further root. 




 Pretty crazy. It just goes to show how much of an effect gravity has on the presence of aging. 









 Why is this such big news? The Chinese government is well known to hide information about government/military failures from civilians (though they seem to be improving).  




 But how do we know how big the banana is?!?  




 Yes, in Saudia Arabia and also two cases caught before Spanish volunteers were to travel back to Spain. 




 The worrisome thing to me is that there are already a handful of potential and confirmed cases showing up in well developed countries... countries that have the means to detect the potential cases, isolate them, and treat them if necessary. But there are so many countries that don't really have those capabilities, so it makes me wonder how many have already slipped by elsewhere. 




 I hope they are obliterated by our drones, manned aircraft, and missiles without our soldiers on the ground. How satisfying it will be to whoever pulls the trigger on a large group of these savages after they are spotted during one of the mass executions...

The problem is it's like Vietnam, the combatants can easily blend in. Hopefully when they try to blend in the people who have been run out of their homes with threats of death will return to pull the ISIS rats out of of their holes. 




 They strap you to a rocket and you get to see what everything looks like from 10ft in the air. 




 They accepted and welcomed the Christians being persecuted elsewhere in Iraq. Since they are willing to accept different religions, I don't think race will be a huge issue, and most of those in the regions of conflict aren't too racially distant anyway.

**Edit:** Fixed a word 




 They have my complete respect. They welcome the peaceful oppressed with welcoming arms and also don't treat women like dogs. When the rest of Iraq was falling apart the Kurdish region survived well. They seem to have great decency and high morals. Not to mention great discipline. 




 Lighthouses are really some incredible feats of engineering, especially considering that many of them are very very old. 




 * That your body's immune system is defeating cancerous cells on a daily basis. Chronic stress has been found to lower and/or screw up immune system responses. So your current stress could be killing you... Same goes for stress's effect on heart function.
* For the fame seekers: Statistically you will die without fame, recognition or money.
* If food supplies were disrupted for many months or years due to a catastrophic world event, you would likely not survive.
* One nation attacking another with a nuclear weapon could trigger global retaliation, and if you live in a major population center of the US your city is likely already targeted, and there is nothing you could do about it...
* Mt Rainier is still an active volcano with millions of people within its path of destruction.
* You can be arrested for a crime you did not commit and be sent to prison. It happens fairly often for life sentences and murders, so think of how often it must happen for less severe crimes?
* 1 in 4 people will die of cancer, and most will not know they have cancer until it is too late to effectively treat.
* We're running out of our supply of Helium
* A massive solar storm could erupt that could destroy nearly all electronics. Imagine the chaos... and there is nothing we can effectively do to stop it.
* Bacteria resistant to antibiotics is becoming much more common. If it continues, in the future, things as simple as dental procedures could become deadly.
 




 He was caught putting a handgun into his waistband at a location that was already being staked out for drug activity. He also has an existing criminal record. I imagine the arrest was in part motivated by his recording and exposing the death at the hands of the NYPD... which is incredibly wrong. But I also believe both parties here have some guilt. 




 With so much pollution that shows no major signs of letting up, perhaps natural selection will come into play and result in a nation with individuals more adapted to surviving harsh polluted environments. That'd be kind of cool minus all the sadness and death. 




 I've been programming since I was a teenager, and started out being extremely productive while living with my parents before I transitioned into an adult. At 20 I was hired by a well known and prestigious software company and shipped out from a farm in a rural part of the US to the big city... 

The first few years I was insanely productive pretty much anywhere I worked, at home, at the office, or even at a hotel. But over time I began to lose that motivation, that urge for productivity. I found myself easily distracted, and instead of being excited for the work ahead I merely wished to procrastinate through unnecessary and irrelevant actions. I was burned out.

Several more years have passed. I have a remote work arrangement, so I rented an office that I can work out of that rural part of the US again for 2 weeks a month, while I spend the rest at the company headquarters. One thing that I've begun to realize is that "where" you work is less important than "why" you work. If you find yourself heading to your office and you ask yourself whether you'd rather be doing something else, then the location of that office is mostly irrelevant, because you will likely not be productive.

For me my most productive, and thoughtful times have come after or during socialization. If you are isolating yourself, I think the first step is to try to socialize a bit. Talk to and hang out with friends, spend a few hours just hanging out with the family... If you are like me that will give you a sense of calmness and belonging, and you'll find that you actually want to code and be productive, because your mind feels relaxed. 
 




 So accurate too... because it's a mess. 









 "51st Stater" for Canadians is so perfect. It's not even racist. Totally going to use this on those friends that like to bitch about how much America sucks and how great their oh so wonderful but never flawed Canada is...

It's going to drive them nuts. 




 I bet nobody ever asked her to move to the back of the bus. 




 Is this a high school event?!? Because if it is they really go all out don't  they? A band, spotlights, packed seating, and people actually cheering and getting into it? Looks like they really know how to have fun.
 




 I will make shit appear within your pants! 




 * Horses in the city streets (sounds of horseshoes on the street, neighing, etc)
* The clangs, clatter and squeaks from coaches
* Town-wide noon whistles or bells (still heard in a few towns)
* Paperboys on the street reading headlines
* Cars not being able to start and sputtering
* Steam locomotives blowing off pressure as they sit in the town station
* People loudly calling out for one another in towns when separated
* True physical bells on business doors that ring when they are opened

  









 Fuck RT. 




 So that's where Top Ramen comes from! 




 I think you're failing to give the act of escalation credit. It's escalating, it has in reality been escalating for years (since the Georgia conflict) and it has not shown any signs of deescalation. It'll start with proxy wars, and then when the proxy fighters are depleted the bigger players will start fighting. 




 I hope it can project all the same information as what is delivered on that screen in the cockpit, or that the screen is very modular. What a bummer it would be to be taking on light damage and have your single screen destroyed. 




 Why would sanctions be dropped when they have nothing to do with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict? Russia is still escalating violent tensions in Eastern Europe...  




 "Is your approval rating dropping?!? No worries! Just "urge" some people to do something the populous wants, but you know will not actually get done!!!"

I mean for god sakes this dude is the President and he's 'urging' other politicians to close blatant loopholes in tax law? He's the head honcho... if he was really behind the effort fully, he'd do more. Right? 




 This is bad news for the world. The Russians show no true effort to deescalate the situation, and instead continue to arm and train those perceived to be fighting against Western interests. Meanwhile Western countries are showing no deescalation in their support, training, and potential arming of fighters of Eastern/Russian interests. 

Think about, nobody is going to back down. Things have been getting progressively worse since the Georgia war. Every year more players become involved, and with every passing moment the fighting and hatred seems to intensify across Northern Africa, the Middle East, and Western Europe... If any side backed down they would look weak, and are also more vulnerable to violent actions from those that oppose them.

I truly fear this will continue to spiral out of control until world wide war breaks out within the next few years that is split between influence from the West, The East, and the Far East. It's not showing signs of slowing down, and really, how can it? 




 Because people have jobs and are too afraid of losing those jobs by protesting.  




 Ah yes, brings back memories of that lovely feeling when a larger chunk flies off and lands on bare skin only to erupt into a beautiful sensation of screaming, pain and finally crying. 




 It's what people from /r/shitredditsays are probably like in the real world. 




 Do the Russians really think people will believe that? I wonder how far they'll take this lie. The terrorist/separatist leader himself mentioned on social media his forces shot down a plane... Then he deleted it. If it were hack you'd think he'd deny it profusely. Instead he's just kept quiet because he knows he messed up. 




 TL; DR: WWII causes USSR / USA to turn themselves into massive war machines to fight Axis. Axis is defeated. USSR   USA still primed to fight, each wary of the other fighter. Too scared to fight each other directly, fight each other's influences instead. Fight to be technically superior. USSR burns out after fighting too hard without rest and recovery... Collapses. First Cold War over. 




 Exercise is well known to alter-inflammatory responses, and usually for the better. Strenuous exercise can exacerbate inflammation, so if you have a recent injury that isn't fully healed or an old one prone to abrasion you could be seeing an inflammatory response that's related.

How long have you had them, and is it hard or soft? I don't think you have to worry about anything serious. 




 Cholinergic Urticaria will do this. Up to 10% of younger populations have it, and it's thought to be an allergic reaction to sweat. But if that's the case she'll feel itchy or have a 'pins and needles' sensation across her body.

If it's not itchy it's probably nothing more than an old injury that has become inflamed.
 




 That's usually for generalized swelling, not for localized swelling without a traumatic trigger (like a bee sting, injection, etc).  




 Did you have an injury there in the past? Do you break out anywhere else? 

Is it itchy? 









 I hope you're not responsible for teaching them English. Or... you know... manners. 

 I've mentored them and most of them are fucked up

No doubt! 




 That's easy for someone to say when they are not in the direct position of *caring for them*. Children in Africa don't deserve to starve, but hundreds of thousands do each year. Is it our responsibility to care for them as well? I think a lot of people like using the term "our", but as soon as it becomes "my", then they change their tune.

Also there isn't any direct relevance to that article you posted. You might have as well posted an article about abuse in nursing homes, or sexual abuse of children at the hands of the church. 




 But is it fair to send your children to another country and expect other people to take care of them because you can't or don't want to? 

It's like if you were a couple living on a suburban street with your own child, and you did a great job caring for that child... offering shelter, schooling, health care and great support. Then one day someone from another neighborhood sees you at the park, and later their kids show up at your house.  They don't leave. They say they should stay there because you can provide better for them, and their parents say the same. They are using resources you worked hard for, resources you earned, and yet you are not responsible in any part for there previous life. Would you not kick them out? 




 Nearly 60% of the people living in LA are Hispanic, and the percentage of LA children who are Hispanic is even higher. In a lot of South Western states Hispanics are primed to become the overwhelming majority in the next generations... This is probably an act to help those he feels he should identify with to get votes, and from my observations the majority of Hispanics support illegal immigration. 




 I'm pleasantly surprised at the lack of fedoras.  




 If the people of California approve this and the federal government denies it we know the government is no longer for the people.  









 Software. I started writing and selling my own around 16, then got picked up by a big software company when I was 20. Without any college debt it allowed me to save a lot quickly, and I put it into investments that have given me good returns over the years. 




 Not specific luxury goods or services per say, but I've noticed the following perks related to services... and I'm not really super wealthy, though my path is destined for that through my career (currently in my 20s with a respectable 6 figure salary, and loads of savings and investments). 

* **Better banking and financial service**. My bank put me into their highest/top-level investment tier and also gave me concierge services, along with customer service most people would dream of...

*  **Discounts at well known hotels, retailers and resorts**. These guys know you have money, and once they get a taste they want to bring you back for more. They want you to bring your wealthy friends back with you too. It may seem counter-intuitive, but they often do this by offering wealthy customers big discounts.

* **More respect across many professional services**. There have been a lot of cases where I'm meeting with someone from a company offering professional services (real estate agencies, insurance companies, auto companies, etc) and they change their behavior from 'standard' treatment to 'excellent' treatment when they find out I'm a wealthy potential or existing client. The things they do to fuck over the normal customers don't really happen to me, because I'm such a 'valued customer'. Escalation is also very simple... If they can't get something done at a local branch (like reversing fees, upgrading service, etc) they'll call their manager and make it a point to mention where I work and what I do (not a lawyer!), and things will get resolved quickly. I've also noticed increased respect from law enforcement. I've gotten out of many tickets simply because the officer wanted to talk about my work and my lifestyle, and also mention their dreams regarding investments etc. If I wasn't wealthy, those discussions wouldn't happen, and I'd likely get a ticket.

* **Better/faster seating at lounges and restaurants**. This doesn't happen too often, but I'm inclined to believe it's simply because there aren't many situations where a waitress/seating manager will learn about my wealth and career. But when such situations do occur such as when they are making small talk and asking what I do for a living, I'll notice a change in the service for the better. They'll start actively 'looking around' for seating, or allow me to sit in their special seating areas. I don't think that would happen if I wasn't wealthy... but I could be wrong.

* **People that will do everything for you**. Not one person covering all aspects by themselves, but rather multiple people that have their own specialties. These are not 'unknown' to most people, but I feel as though they are considered unobtainable to many... I'm talking about having gardeners, maid services, personal trainers, personal finance managers, shopping assistants, etc.  




 If you ever become very wealthy in relation to the average working man/woman in your country you'll likely see it first hand as the person on the receiving end of those requests... I'm not super rich by and means, but I'm in my 20s with a 6 figure salary and lots of savings. After news spread amongst friends, old 'friends' and 'distant relatives' began to come out of the shadows. They'd tell me their sob stories about how they needed to make car payments, rent, etc... But in what seemed like 99% of the cases it was the people who felt I owed them just because they asked for it. It's really irritating to have people get angry when you tell them no... It's like they assume money falls into your lap without hard work.

I help friends out with small things, but only if they don't ask. The last time someone asked and I gave them cash, it cost me $5000, and more importantly it cost me a normal friendship. Once people get some money they seem to think they are entitled to more, and so do their friends... It makes things so uncomfortable to me that I've had to inactivate my Facebook at times just because so many people are hinting or blatantly asking for money. 

It has also made me realize that dating will never be normal for me. The moment a girl finds out you're loaded their behavior completely changes and they'll be trying desperately to get your attention, I have yet to see a case where this isn't true. I'm male and young, so it's a great perk, but I still worry about what I may be losing because of it...  




 Well it certainly wouldn't be flowing above it now would it? =) 




 Socially yes. Physically to the environment? No. 




 Depending on the quality of the paint and the surface, paint can EASILY last 100 years without major chipping if it's not in a harsh environment. 

Source: Live on a farm with many buildings from the late 1800s and early 1900s that still have original paint in good condition. Secondary Source: Our town has an 'underground tour' and there is a holding cell below the streets where you can still see 'artwork' scratched into the white paint on the walls. 




 We should cherish this day! For our Supreme Leader graced us with his presence surrounded by smiles of children and widows in his great contribution to the state of our satirical culturing!

 




 Don't worry, my watch says 2:00PM and my breakfast has yet to begin. But you inspired me Buzz Aldrin. I'm going to take multiple small steps up the stairs and one giant leap to my coffee now. 




 I've lived at my current place for 4 years and I have one recliner, a card table, and some folding chairs. Hello fellow bachelor. 




 When did playful become a synonym for possessed?!? 




 Oh, is that all? How is your friend doing without any sleep?
 




 Both men acted respectably here really. This is actually pretty uplifting. The cop never raised his voice, didn't object to the recording, and may very well change his on-duty driving habits because of the truck drivers actions. And the truck driver was respectful and likely made the road a safer place. Win win.  









 It's an enemy of the enemy type of thing... But those interviews they mentioned where they were asked about their affiliations, job history, etc. was probably to root out those which could be considered Islamic extremists.  




 When I rub my skin on my back, neck, or lower abdomen, a waxy/oily substance will roll up into dark little balls. I think it's something called 'sebum' to protect the skin, but I've always wondered if anyone else has the same issue. 




 They are fasciculations... A lot of people have something called benign fasciculation syndrome, and it definitely gives the illusion of worms under the skin. 




 Aaaaannnddd.... I shot myself. 




 We're seeing the same thing during our asset transitions to Real Estate. Another group member recently payed $100k over listing price after a bidding war for a house overlooking Lake Washington... In that case the competitor was another investor from China.

Recently people have just started offering 6% over list price with no escalation, because supply is so low and competition is extremely high. 




 I have a lot of savings and investments and belong to an investment group  of semi-large transaction traders (with a $250,000 asset minimum). Stocks  were off to a very rocky start earlier this year, but have really become a shining light lately. However the general consensus is that it will not last much longer, and upcoming world events may be a strong factor in a general market drop.

I personally believe this is why the House just announced it will be suing the President. Everyone knows what is coming, and people are trying to shift any blame before the house of cards begins to fall.

What is bizarre to me is why there is not a noticeable drop or leveling in the stock markets. Big investors are moving a lot of money out of the stock markets and putting it into tangible assets such as real estate, myself included. In the Seattle area you can actually see when this started to happen by looking at housing supply. The new money maker is rent and property management, but because of so many assets being moved to real estate we're actually creating a bubble in the process.

My suggestion to those without real estate investments is to ensure you have an emergency fund in cash or other tangible assets. It's wise even when the economy is doing well, but common sense when the economy is beginning to falter. 

 




 I don't live in Idaho either. =\

Manufacturing capacity? You mean like all of the big factories the militants in current war zones have? Or all the money they have a hard time finding destination for? Give me a break. 




 Which is worse? To cause some hardship by removing a few genetically unfit from the gene pool? Or to cause widespread hardship many generations from now after centuries of breeding between individuals who fight only for themselves and not society? 




 Well by technological standards the same thing could be said about Afghanistan, Iraq, Chechnya. and Somalia. 

Edit: Oh you're a Californian. Probably an illegal immigrant too. Well if violence ever does break out and we're on opposite sides of a conflict, I hope we meet. *I love you* 









 Idaho and California. Even though they are separated by multiple states, Idaho has some of the highest gun ownership rates (~60%) in the United States and it also has a population that aggressively hates federal and far reaching governments. Idaho is full of militias. Meanwhile California is staunchly liberal and forceful in telling people what to do. They also have rampant illegal immigration problems.

Idaho based militias would attack targets in California, retreat to the mountainous Idaho terrain, and then trigger a war in the region that would end up pulling in Montana and the Dakotas on the side of Idaho.

Good old fashioned guerrilla warfare bitches! Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehaawwwww. http://imgur.com/sq1S8  




 To the people saying the graphics/performance won't get better over time because the hardware 'sucks' and because it is already well-known architecture... you should know things aren't so black and white. The x86-64bit processor architecture presents some problems which are being carried over from those who are accustom to developing games for PCs. When developing for PCs you obviously do not know what specific hardware the customers will be running, so you can't really optimize for a specific set of hardware. This is not the case for PS4/XBox One. Over time we will see more and more 'tricks' that will introduce better performance on that specific hardware, but learning those tricks takes time and experience... and it's still early in this generation of consoles.

The second thing is that game engines are of course not perfect. Over iterations they will continually improve (if done right) in terms of efficiency and capability. The Unreal Engine and ID Tech engines are prime examples of this. As this generation of console matures, there will be a natural improvement of the Engines that are at the core of many of the games.... the quality will not remain static just because the hardware is static.

It's also important to remember that drivers can be a huge culprit when it comes to poor performance, and they too will continue to evolve on the consoles to result in better performance.

The graphics/performance of the games is destined to improve over time.

 




 It really depends on the market. If it's a hot market with a low supply of homes it's very unlikely that you'll have your offer accepted if it is below the list price and the home is in good condition. 

In my city for example, the homes in the neighborhoods I've been looking at have all been selling around 6% ABOVE list price.

I'd suggest looking around the neighborhood at other recent sales using Zillow, and try to get an idea of how final sale prices are comparing to original list prices. Putting in an offer lower than list price is risky in many markets... It's also common for some people to put an initial offer slightly above market price, just so their offer is accepted over others without a bidding war. If that happens, your offer will likely be thrown out immediately. 




 If you don't consider the effort it took me to get the money which I invest, the easiest money I have made was without a doubt through the stock market. There are many stocks I sit on for long-term gains, but there are also occasionally some stocks I buy/sell with my personal account for short-term gains. In 2013 I bought $100k of a stock in the morning, and sold it near the market close for a profit of $5000. It was a few clicks, and some pretty passive monitoring... but it netted me enough for a couple months of rent. The total fee excluding taxes was $19. That was pretty damn easy. 




 Whhhhaaaaaaaaa? It looks like the cancer that is /r/ShitRedditSays is metastasizing into other sub-reddits.  




 You monster. 




 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/mefnirV.gif 









 OP is a lying re-poster! Grab your pitchforks at the door... 
 




 Someone needs to find this man when he is slapped on the wrist and let go. He should be brutally disposed of... Humans like this are not fit to live in a society.  




 How do you feel knowing your confined to a building for the rest of your life? Knowing that there is plenty of talent out there waiting to put a bullet in your brain to silence you at a moments notice if you leave the premises or your protectors decide it is no longer in their best interest to protect you? 




 First of all, the title is a bit misleading, as the behaviors returned after the drug wore off...

Secondly, as someone with Aspergers, this is both exciting and terrifying to me. I really hate the social aspects of Aspergers. I'm not good with any form of communication unless there is some sort of directive or goal. Correcting this would be very welcomed. The part that scares me is I wonder what else I might lose... I work in software engineering, and I feel like my autistic-traits give me a huge advantage when it comes to designing complex interacting systems. If I lose the ability to visualize such systems with clarity and focus, treatment becomes a cost to benefit analysis to me... and I'm not sure which outcome would be the most beneficial to me.

Still, this research intrigues me. Any understanding towards potentially correcting flaws is a great step towards the future of health and science. 




 Thankfully there are still Mexicans in the background glaring at them. 




 I dislike Russia's actions as much as the next guy, but in fairness even at the doubled rate, it was still being offered to Ukraine at a discounted rate. The other European countries supplied by Russia still have higher rates than the rates for Ukraine proposed by Russia. 





























 It would take a very very large surface area to significantly impact the precipitation in the region, and I am unaware of any projects that have created such rainfall after filling a dry basin.

It is well understood that the benefits of pumping large volumes to extremely dry regions are immense. Wildlife returns/appears, tourism can thrive, fishing may become economical, and water becomes available for agriculture. The concern however is the rise in salinity which can 'poison' existing water tables containing freshwater.

There is a massive project underway to pump water into the diminishing Red Sea, and you may find it interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Sea%E2%80%93Dead_Sea_Canal 




 If it's just used for storing media and it isn't being shared out to hundreds of simultaneous users then cheap consumer NAS drives should be sufficient. You won't get much benefit with hybrid drives, as your content is media and hybrids mostly assist with increasing speeds for files that have a typical load pattern (like those used by the OS).

Vibration and heat shouldn't be a problem, especially if you have a CoolerMaster with that many bays. They designed it for that, and your drives won't be running extremely hot anyway. 




 One of those gauges is in incredibly good condition for being in salt water for ~70 years. That 4 is totally readable.  Nearly a century later and the seal still hasn't broken? That's impressive! 




 Other humans who are trying to keep their existence a secret, who live in the "real world" and spread disinformation to make us believe we are the only ones here. We're the equivalent of the uncontacted tribes of the Amazon, and the UFOs appear when the outsiders must come into our section of the planet and change something. 




 That's the point. If they are more productive, then they should get rid of me. But if I am more as productive or more productive than others (as I believe I am) then I should be able to stay productive, instead of just being forced to be onsite 100% of the time because some other employees are not productive remotely.

If anything this is a great opportunity for companies to find out how to make their remote employee **more** productive.
 




 This is so backwards. As we create better technology to close the gaps caused by telecommuting there should be an increase in remote workers rather than a push to get rid of them.

It's happening all over. I believe it was Yahoo that recently recalled all its remote workers, and I'm also seeing it in other large tech companies with net initiatives to have everyone on site.

Currently I have a job that allows me to work remotely a couple of weeks each month, and I'm much happier because of it. I would also say I tend to be more productive when i am remote. I understand some workers may not be as productive remote versus/onsite, but if that's the case these companies should just eliminate those specific workers, rather than changing overall policy and hurting those to whom it is deeply beneficial. 




 It's pure science. Others will leverage this information to build further scientific findings which will eventually lead to much more broad understanding and applicable developments.

We NEED this kind of information. 




 It seems like a primary aspect of this study/trial was eliminating stress. Stress by itself can cause significant cognitive/memory issues. Without very specific and highly significant changes in cognitive measurements, I'm inclined to believe that this probably doesn't alter the Alzheimer's pathology itself, but instead removes the additional mental hit caused by severe stress. 




 One thing I notice with most of these videos is at least some of the cops seem compassionate/dismayed after these incidents. It gives me hope.

Towards the end of that video you can see one of the cops give the "wtf?!?" gesture towards the officers who sprayed the protesters. They should be the ones getting the promotions, not the officers who spray people in the face when they aren't a physical threat. 




 The changing stances of those around him seem to indicate dismay. Even his own comrades are probably asking 'why?'.

More images like this will only result in more protesters, and more anger. Hopefully it makes its way around China some before getting completely blocked. Even if they don't support the protesters (and why would they?) at least the Chinese citizens can display their own anger at these police tactics in a modern world. 




 The ants are getting restless. 




 It doesn't directly. The isolation does, and it's necessary for prolonged isolation. 

I'm not some backyard bunker fanatic, but I do believe if you have an opportunity to prepare for certain emergencies, it would be unwise to not do so. I'd rather have a holdout/isolation destination that goes unused, than be stuck without one and wishing I had one during an improbable but possible widespread emergency. 




 At the simplest and incremental backup system will take up the space of the base file, plus the size of each of the incremental changes, along with a small overhead for indexing/tracking the changes. Typically the incremental backup software will store previous incremental changes with compression, to further reduce space (but increase restoration time). 

With files that change infrequently or only have minor changes incremental backups will be a very wise use of space. I would definitely advise against it for files that change extensively and often however, because the amount of space you require will skyrocket. Additionally incremental backups will not be very efficient storage-wise if you are using them regularly against compressed media files that change. For example, you may be better off with full backups if you are altering and re-encoding mp4s, as most of the file content will change and the added incremental backup overhead will not be worth the benefits. 




 Classified documents, war plans, wiretapped conversations, and... 

Oh. I mean... it's mostly films in .mp4 containers, coming in at about ~2GB per film on average. The second biggest thing is full backups from previous desktops, and also some current backups for important files. 

I think for most people the answer will be media, media, media.  




 I'm almost 29 and my optimism continues to go down with age. I have an excellent job that most people would only dream of having financially... But my Facebook feeds are full of photos of my friends' kids and their first days in grade school... Meanwhile here I am, just trying to keep from losing things like my job, my health, etc etc. Nothing is being added, only slowly taken away.

Yay! Depressing Monday! 




 I wonder if the train engineer slightly shit his pants seeing a man in the distance put something in the tracks before running away. 




 I have. With something like cotton it's easy to get a light, especially when motivated. Not dying would be very motivating. 




 Damn. If I were fighting back then and it was such close combat I'd equip myself with flint/tinder and some oil. When the armored foe got close enough just throw the oil on him, light the torch and roast the son of a bitch. I wouldn't want to get stabbed in the eye! 




 I'm afraid as long as Islam exists the world will be raging war against atrocities carried out in its name. 




 Good for them and good on the doctors for allowing them to keep their dignity instead of eventually wasting away in nursing homes while cruelly being kept alive only to endure suffering. 
 




 Are there fishermen dependent on these areas for their livelihoods? Are they going to get any support from the government?

Corporations can get the fuck out. But I feel for private fishermen should any lose their ability to earn a living.  




 Traffic data is largely generated by measurements of Android users' GPS coordinates while they are determined to be travelling on the roads. It's automatic and it's transparent.

It'd be really difficult to get roadkill data reliably and accurately, as it'd pretty much certainly be based upon user reports.   




 Cool, and my GPA is the same.  




 Fly to Africa. Get Ebola. Fly back to the US. Buy a spandex suit. Draw a snazzy design on it. Go to the White House and jump the fence while screaming you are the one and only "Ebola man!". 




 I see other parking spots available.  




 Countering an ass move with another ass move doesn't nullify the ass moves. Now you just have two ass moves. 




 Are you kidding me? Obvious troll. That part of the world has been on a decline since before the USA even existed.

Having fun under the bridge? 




 ISIS is like new viral outbreak, you can either stamp it out when it first takes hold, or you can wait until it becomes a worldwide disaster.

Ebola really isn't currently OUR (the US's) problem right now either, but would you prefer to leave that to the locals too? 




 Is the building leased? It's probably connected to higher voltage lines in case the company leasing the building wants to run equipment. 




 OS   Browser accessibility features allow for this, assuming the website has proper markup/notation describing objects. The users will be 'read' the text associated with checkboxes/text boxes/etc and can iterate through them. On a website like Reddit, and most websites, it would be a real challenge due to the quantity of content pieces... but it is doable.  




 Seeing that on any fridge would weird me out a bit. The outside of a single man's refrigerator door should be a barren landscape of masculinity.  




 I think your wife probably wonders why there is a command center in your house =P 




 It took me a while to establish a connection from my lunar outpost on the dark side of the moon, but thanks for sharing this terrific article! Welp! Back to collecting moon rocks... See ya later! 




 * **Redeemer** from Unreal Tournament
* **Celebral Bore** from Turok
* **BFG** from Doom series
* **Ripper** (shoots spinning discs that ricochet off walls and decapitate people)  from Unreal Tournament 
* **Snarks** (little creatures you can release that chase down enemies/players) from Half-Life 




 The filming style conveys sort of an eerie feeling... I love it.  




 And his wife sounds like she's extremely aware of the extreme retirement. 




 All this has to do is cross over into a war zone like Syria or certain parts of Africa, and then we're all in trouble. 




 As stupid as it may sound... Aren't these pranksters technically terrorists? They are using terror to advance their own cause (YouTube audience). 




 Just curious. How do you know you have the same thing? Were you tested? 




 Originally I thought Snowden had the right intentions. Now I think he's just out to stay relevant and smear the US anyway he can. 

The initial documents he released after fleeing the US were about programs that were targeting US citizens unfairly and unjustly. But as time has gone on the documents are getting to the point where they are only hurting US citizen interests. Even ISIS is using his documents to help evade detection, because he released documents that had information about monitoring protocols in theaters of war... He should have stopped while he was ahead a long time ago.  




 Some people treat Reddit like it's a nation and take everything so seriously it's facepalm worthy. **It's just a fucking website where people go to waste time!** 




 Your Dad is a pretty cool guy Sam. He looked so cool I decided to take my time machine back to greet him Sam. 

Side note: Paint sure is sticky! 




 Oh you! 




 "Ferguson was enough for me! I'm tired of all these white people!"

White house under attack in 3... 2.... 1 




 European politicians need to take a stand against this otherwise it's going to continue to spiral out of control. Extremist Muslims living in Europe and Australia are already publicly calling for beheading 'infidels', yet these countries don't crack down on such Muslims... I suspect it's because the politicians are scared that they will become targets of violent Muslims. But if they don't act soon, then every non-Muslim will be a target. 




 Are you fucking kidding me? Your post/comment history includes much anti-Jewish content and you're calling the OP out for supposedly being anti-Muslim because he posted an article pertaining to a logical action? 

You're part of the core of the Muslim problem dude.  




 Christian militias going around attacking Muslims in the Central African Republic isn't right, but I'm not sure that's a fair comparison. Those militias were established after many constant and brutal attacks from Muslims on Christian villages. The villagers finally had enough and realized there was no safe escape, so they began to form militias to attack the Muslim attackers. In the process those militias began driving out all Muslims to avoid future attacks. The point being they are not doing it because they believe their religion says they should... They are doing it because they are/were under attack by Muslims who were trying to violently push their religion.
  




 The student was Barry Kidston and 18 months later he died of a cocaine overdose. He really wanted that high. 




 How many people are able to comfortably fit and play from the truck? 




 That's incredible. It's like an apocalyptic death machine coming to destroy everything.  









 I think it's very common knowledge that Russia invaded and attacked Poland. But I do not think it is common knowledge that when doing so they claimed to be protecting Ukrainians. That part was not taught to me in school, so it's a TIL. 




 I think it's very common knowledge that Russia invaded and attacked Poland. But I do not think it is common knowledge that when doing so they claimed to be protecting Ukrainians. That part was not taught to me in school, so it's a TIL. Any questions? 









 Maybe he suspected he was dosed with something (who the hell wouldn't if they suddenly had a weird experience while working with the CIA?), and saw it as a good time to quit the business. 




 For example what are some common products/services that should be avoided?  




 Regardless of any potential psychiatric issues this guy had poor judgement... You're a young teacher, and you choose to write about a school shooting? That's going to make for some interesting parent teacher conferences at the very least! 




 I dig ponds, dig ditches, and clear rock manually on a farm with a shovel to get my muscle building in. Everyone thinks it's silly. But I find it much more silly that they go to a gym for several hours each week, and leave without accomplishing any tangible work. 




 Easily renewable at the moment. But people don't seem to realize how big of a problem logging will be for us in the relatively near term future. 'Typical' logging land not receiving new sediment from river sources has been shown to be able to last ~1000 years with heavy logging before nutrients are depleted. 1000 years is a long time, but in areas in China much land has been depleted of key minerals/nutrients and can no longer sustain logging... Eventually that'll start occurring around the world, and we'll be forced to fertilize logging zones. Something that won't be very easy. 




 Saudis' rule by fear. Public whippings are very common, as are other physical forms of punishment that don't result in death. If a group in Saudi Arabia declared part of the country as a democratic breakaway, I have little doubt the Saudis would be extremely ruthless in their efforts to suppress it. 




 I'm not a realtor, but as someone who has looked at many mid-range homes ($400-600k in my area) and put inspections/offers on a few... If they have JUST put in carpeting, ask the previous owners why they put it in. Also walk around and feel for uneven spots. I've been to two places with brand new carpeting, and with both of them it was a sneaky way of hiding uneven spots in the floor.

And it's not really a question, but more of a tip. Watch for trees that are too close to the house. For one they can damage the foundation (your inspector will let you know if any damage has already occurred) and secondly they can make it an absolute bitch to clean your roof + gutters.

Plus a no brainer: Ask how old the roof is, and how long it is rated for. 




 Saudi Arabia is essentially what Islamic State terrorists are creating elsewhere in the Middle-east. The main difference is that Saudi Arabia has been long established and people are already beaten into submission, while people are still fighting back against the Islamic State. 




 Absolutely. This should be one of the Reddit rules. Not posting pictures of people not already in the public eye for the sole purpose of ridicule. 




 Imagine how radically geopolitics would change if our US President proposed a unity with Iran and Syria against barbaric terrorist groups, and also acknowledged ideological differences and mistakes in the past. He'd pretty much become an infinitely better president over night. 














 Some were throwing bottles (including glass bottles) at police. 




 It seems like it's a few minutes behind. It's a broadcast TV station so I'm guessing it may be a delay to allow them to quickly stop broadcast if something needs to be censored (like extreme profanity tirades, etc). 




 There is another slightly delayed stream at http://new.livestream.com/ktvi/live . The police are demanding that members of the media leave the area of protest... Most reporters have been forced out, but a few remain. 




 But they just announced there will be a grand jury? This Viper station seems to be the only one reporting this. I'm very skeptical. 









 It's very different than MS in both symptoms, severity of symptoms, and progression rate as well as pathology. MS is thought to be caused by myelin sheath degradation/destruction, whereas ALS is caused by motor neuron death. 

To put it into computer-like perspective based on current pathology suspects: MS is like having a network cable between two computers that is damaged/being damaged, so sometimes messages between the two behave incorrectly... If you repair the cable you can alleviate the symptoms (in MS your body will try to repair myelin as well), as the source and recipients are just fine. ALS is like the network card going bad... eventually messages will not be able to be sent or received, and the progression to failure is usually much faster. 




 So does this mean that those with Parkinson's Disease will always feel tired and sleep a lot more?  




 Being a neurosurgeon must be very stressful... Being a neurosurgeon under the public eye must make it even more stressful. What do you find yourself doing to relax and destress? 




 Dysautonomia is mostly just the catch-all syndrome, and I have it too =(. I'm curious if you're one of the lucky ones to know the underlying cause?

 




 It's truly incredible how common rare diseases really are across the population. I have a neurological/autoimmune illness and while the specialists know what antibodies I have, and what the symptoms are, very little is actually understood about the illness... to the point where it doesn't even have a name. 

Prior to the antibody find I was told I may have the following ALS (first), Stiff Person Syndrome (two months later), Neuromytonia (three months later), Parkinsons or Multi System Atrophy (six months later). Then when they found the antibody they told me it was none of these previous suspects. The only real treatments currently known are suppression of the immune system or plasma exchange (both treatments I have been lucky enough to avoid)... And those are basically some of the most generic treatments out there. All of this both scares me and excites me when it comes to our understanding of neurological illnesses... It scares me because often diagnoses are often just educated guesses and change frequently with the symptoms, and because the underlying pathology of many of these illnesses is unknown. But it greatly excites me also, because I can see we are in the infancy of understanding, and that means incredible advances lay before us! 




 Stephen Hawking's case is extremely rare, and there are theories that the underlying pathology may be quite different from most ALS cases. Unfortunately ALS typically robs the sufferers of life within a very short period of time... Rarely is survival greater than a few years. It's a very very scary disease. 

Luckily there are some companies working on some promising treatments (check out Brainstorm's clinical trials). Currently there is only one treatment available, and it only extends function for weeks or a few months. Breakthroughs can't come soon enough. 




 They weren't burning down stores, they were burning down college campus buildings. They even attacked the firefighters responding... They weren't really that peaceful.  




 The violent 'protesters' have been causing trouble for over a week. They seem hellbent on getting some violent clashes to take place, probably because they foolishly find it to be adventurous and fun. If they haven't stopped yet, they probably won't stop for the National Guard. It's going to be very interesting, because in many previous historical instances where the National Guard is called in to stop riots, they end up shooting and killing multiple rioters... and that was before social media. Now with Twitter, Facebook, and all the other social media so easily accessible, I could foresee this turning into long term 'insurgency' of sorts, with race being the underlying factor in who is being attacked and who is attacking. 




 When the police first fired rubber bullets and tear gas at the peaceful protesters I was on the side of the protesters. Now that they've started looting, becoming violent, and not contributing to peace... I hope the National Guard crushes those that come out at night to stir trouble. 




 This is a stupid "solution" and just a populist idea. Weapons are not the core of the problem here, the problem is the behavior and heavy handed tactics of some police departments...  If you take away some of their military grade weapons, those individuals that see them selves as macho military types will not suddenly become respectful of citizen rights.

 




 That's absolutely what they mean. Not all black people though, just the true gangsters and wannabe gangsters. I think a lot of people hate those types, but it's very politically incorrect to say you hate 'thugs' so they keep it inside. 




 Except this is divided along racial lines instead of political ones, so it's unlikely to spread too far. However if it does spread it'll probably get ugly, because a lot of people are looking forward to a race war. Several people I know have said they hope it spreads so they can begin gunning down thugs in their neighborhoods. They are mostly joking... but I think part of them truly believe that. 




 What a total clusterfuck. The black rioters are burning down the town, looting, and shooting at police helicopters... and the police will be hesitant with a strong response, because that's what the protests are all about. 




 Blankets.

Ask your friends and family to bring you extra blankets when you're in prison. It's going to be cold :) 




 Nothing sells newspapers like a good ol fashioned race war!  




 It makes it seem so "real" (not in the holocaust denial sense, but in a compassion sense). Whenever I read about World War II and the atrocities committed it seems so distant, as if I were reading about Genghis Khan. 

Recently I've started to realize just how brutal and barbaric the Nazi's were... I mean I knew they were brutal, and did terrible terrible things, but again it felt so distant. But now I see videos from Iraq of civilians being tortured and killed in mass by the 'Islamic State'... The Islamic State members say they are determined to wipe out entire races/religions and are clearly moving forth in that plan. I can imagine how terrifying it must be to be one of those targeted civilians in Iraq... and then it begins to dawn on me just how terrifying it would have been in Nazi Germany, because unlike Iraq, in Germany it was an entire nation wanting to kill you.  
























 Cool. 




 If you are, then so am I... I can't even remember the last time I cried, and even then it might have been out of frustration. In my adult life I don't think I've ever really cried hard. 









 People that buy the "high end" expensive RAM for game usage are really better off throwing their money elsewhere. For most applications such as gaming, memory is never the bottleneck.

The only place it really counts, and even there not too noticeably, is with enterprise/businesses/researchers/enthusiasts that are running in-memory DBs.  

Personally I would recommend always going with 1600Mhz or less for DDR3. Anything more is a waste of money for most consumers. 




 Yet they are still nearly 2.5x what they were almost 2 years ago. Prices never recovered after the factory fire.  




 What a bind. The situation in Eastern Europe/Ukraine is escalating and we don't want it to escalate, and the way to deescalate the situation is to escalate our actions against Russia.

... I'll be in my bunker. 




 I have chronic pain due to an autoimmune disorder. I wish I knew what mistake I made =( 




 Most Muslim countries are already death camps. 




 Volunteer somewhere. For me, the only time I really make friends is when I'm working with someone towards a common goal (usually manual labor). 




 Jupiter be like 'deez my hos'  




 And the award for the most boring job in the world goes tooooooo.... 









 This could really turn your world upside down! 




 It's cool, but I don't have motivation to buy one. I already have Cortana with my phone, and I can take it anywhere, and it doesn't take up any extra space.

The Amazon Echo doesn't look like a BAD device, but I would be very amazed if they sold enough of these to justify the research   development costs. Not too pleased as a stockholder. 




 I had my investments split between two brokers and it allowed me to see which one performed better with my assets. After seeing a clear winner I transferred all my funds into that brokerage account tax-free.

That would be the only benefit I could see, it would allow you to 'shop around' a bit, even if it's only two options. 




 What an excellent documentary show. Lots of information, lots of visuals, and no over dramatizations.  




 Would an Nvidia Tesla card have been a better performance/price buy in comparison to 4 GPUs? 




 I only check mine in the following scenarios:

* I get an email from my bank about suspicious activity
* When I get a bonus
* When there is a significant event that greatly shifts the stock market or my stocks for better or worse
* When I'm checking in against goals (such as another home) 




 It's also worth noting that the WHO statistics for Ebola are for cases confirmed through testing. It is estimated that the number of cases are vastly under-reported, the actual numbers are believed to be at least 3x as high. 




 You are likely thinking of Smallpox. Polio is actually seeing a resurgence in the Middle East due to conflicts and the difficulty of vaccination campaigns in such stressed and distrusting areas.  




 Just a note, if you are actively running your VM VHDs off the NAS and plan to do any data intensive operations, you are going to have a bad time. I'd suggest perhaps storing the virtual hard disks to the NAS for backup purposes or swapping, but when you spin up the VMs themselves use local storage. That will GREATLY simplify your NAS needs. 




 "Look at me! I'm FABULOUUUUUUUUS" 




 All I see is a guy getting cancer.

Source: I used WebMD once. 




 I am not 'good' with math and I think I'm a fine programmer. Been with a very well known software company for 8 years now and still climbing, so I'm not sure it can even be said that math helps... the vast majority of programmers will never need to do any complex mathematical operations. 




 Ramen 




 "The type of tree they grow at the Boardman tree farm is called Pacific Albus, a trademarked name that loosely means Pacific whitewood. Its a hybrid of four to five different poplars, cross strained for better yield, faster growth, less use of irrigation water, straighter growth, and things like that." 









 Just because it hasn't been observed/detected in active use, does not mean it does not serve a potential purpose correct? That's like monitoring some computers on the same day and saying 70% of the binaries of Microsoft Windows are non-functional and unnecessary (just because they weren't observed to be used during that time period). 




 Can confirm. I have a friend who works at a large company that will be announcing/releasing an automated hair styling/cutting machine for men and women. It's going to be marketed to franchises. The results are impressive and according to female feedback, look better than styling/cuts done by humans.

When and if they take off, thousands, and possibly hundreds of thousands of hairstylists will no longer be able to compete. I'm sad they will no longer have jobs, but I am extremely happy that automation/technology has no longer made such labor necessary. 




 You're supposed to dress up in a costume. It's not a costume if you wear it everyday. 




 Well now I know what my getaway vehicle may be for my next bank robbery... 




 No particular order:

* A stop to ISIS gaining ground in Iraq/Syria
* A reduction or end to Ebola cases in Africa
* A better agreement/truce for the Ukrainian/Russian fiasco so tensions can calm on all sides.
* A US economy expanding more than predicted
* More space tourism from private companies
* A reduction in RAM prices (computer memory costs have been increasing since 2013)
* More states voting for legalizing marijuana
* The collapse of the North Korean government
* Continued protests in Hong Kong until they are allowed to choose their own candidates (unlikely, but I hope it happens)
* The discovery of the missing airliner MH370
* The Elios car go into production gain good reviews
* More stem cell/regenerative medicine trials with absolutely amazing results
* Announcement of new metropolitan fiber networks with ~1Gbps speeds


 




 My god, that brings back the memories. The most disturbing thing I ever saw was [this goatse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ). 




 Watching LiveLeak videos at 7? 




 How I imagine this went down:

**Daughter**: "Dad I want to be a princess for Halloween!"

**Dad**: "No you're going to be a Xenomorph!"

**Daughter**: "But Daaaaaaad"

**Dad**: "NO!" _ 




 I wasn't attempting to "buy a girlfriend". She was already romantically interested in me prior to that, though I was not interested in a serious relationship and she understood that and said she was fine with it. She said she just wanted to have a fun and carefree relationship after getting burned in previous relationships. But because of the way she abruptly broke off contact I think she was just out to use me. I would not consider her a bad person in the slightest, I'm just using her as an example of why it would be hard to get anyone to just 'gift' money, even if there is already some attachment.


 




 Good luck with that unless you're an attractive young lady. Even then you'll have a hard time. I once paid off the college loans for a girl I had recently met because she was working towards good things (health field) and her loans were really holding her back. Then about a week later she stopped talking to me. Then she got a fitness trainer boyfriend, and that was it.

So... Yeah, good luck. Older billionaire dudes are probably a lot wiser. 




 HOW did they do it?!? 




 It's cool until it falls off on the freeway and you're in a mesmerized state after following the vehicle for miles and miles. Imagine how terrifying that would be... It'd feel like time suddenly stopped. 




 I think the important part of the fear is the chance of injury and death in relation to the amount of exposure to the item. Nearly everyone rides in a car or bus everyday, and almost everyone has a good outcome percentage wise. However if everyone were to step on a snake, or have a bee/wasp land on them, the percentage of bad outcomes would no doubt be very high (even if just a dry bite or a sting).

Just because something doesn't kill many people, doesn't mean it's not a worthy candidate for fear. 




 From the little bits I just read it seems as though the severity is typically reduced over time. That's got to be a good feeling in a less than ideal situation. As time goes on, does your seem to be improving? 














 You don't really need a pump if it's just goldfish and frogs. Just think of how many goldfish bowls are out there without pumps! I think adding a pump will just give you more headaches.

I've had a backyard pond for 10+ years with no pump, and it had large goldfish for most of those years until the racoons came and decided to go fishing. It also had frogs and salamanders, and algae was never much of a problem (it also never really got full sunlight). In the winter it would freeze over with almost a foot of ice, and the fish would still be there the next spring when it thawed. You'll be fine without a pump. 




 Not touching your eyes is equally important if not more important than your nose. 




 Just a regular surgeons mask seems a bit unreasonable for Ebola, but gloves aren't anything bad but overly cautious perhaps. The biggest thing to remember is to not touch your face, and to take off the gloves without making contact with any part of the glove that could have made contact with surfaces. Throw them away each time of course.  




 The whole finite resource part doesn't make much sense to me, but temperature increases associated with wind farms is well known. Thankfully based on what is currently known, we also know that the effects are minor, and are of course reversible.

An example of a paper regarding research into this subject: http://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/v2/n7/full/nclimate1505.html 




 Cue the armchair Redditor architects and building engineers who will tell you about how it's going to rot and fall to the ground within the next couple of days. But that'll be the least of your worries, because they will also diagnose you with some fatal disease related to some imperfection found on your skin in one of the pics after glancing across it with their doctor eyes. 




     if (profile.Gender == Gender.Female    GetAttractiveness(profile) = Attractiveness.High) {
       MatchHelper.AddMatch(me, profile);
    } else {
       MatchHelper.AssignRandomMatch(profile);
    } 




 Really? You haven't really lived until you've been on fire! 




 Another thing to note is that due to competition and also the nature of pleasing investors, it is highly unlikely for a company to cut hours unless it is because they lack the budget to pay for the number of hours they'd like employees to work. 

It comes down to how no business wants to be the first to reduce hours without cutting pay. Unless you are an absolute market leader, making such an action will only allow competition to get ahead, while the business costs remain the same for you. 




 How do you think people get battle hardened? They have to start somewhere... 









 I firmly believe the reason it has not been enacted in the US or other 1st world nations yet is because it has a high potential to cause an economic collapse. Not because goods in those countries would be disrupted, but rather because it sends a huge negative signal to markets that things will be getting worse. By keeping travel open it falsely conveys the sense that everything is under control.

If the US government were to announce such a travel ban, I would begin selling and taking profits on more of my investments in stocks. The economy looks to already be teetering on a precarious edge that few officials are willing to admit. 




 I don't think I could ever live in a building so tall. I'd be paranoid of fires all the time. I'd probably learn how to base jump just to give myself the unrealistic feeling of safety.

I can't imagine how terrifying it would be to be so far up, sitting in that bathtub, hearing the fire alarm go off, and then seeing smoke calmly drifting up past the window. I'd sure hope the toilet was nearby. 




 i'll tell you hwat. That boy aint right 




 What's it like being the son of the Michelin Man? 




 Most 3D printers work with plastic, and those that work with metal are really unable to extrude the materials needed for handling the thermal aspects of a laptop. It really comes down to designing something that is capable of dissipating heat in such a small form factor. I don't think consumer 3D printers are near that point. 




 Not really no. There is a lot of custom hardware in name-brand laptops, and you would be unable to shrink/slim down a laptop chassis to comparable common consumer models without going through extensive design and research.

A giant bulky one that probably doesn't have much visual appeal or comfortable 'laptop' functionality is doable though. 




 More than 1 in 50 people died in WWII. That's pretty eye opening. 




 The navy version has the ability to take off and land vertically, it's part of, if not the biggest reason that the project is so ridiculously over budget. 




 This looks like further spiraling in Ukraine's downward spiral. 




 They typically do with disinfectants. Decontamination stations are critical.  




 This is pretty damn scary considering that the patient the health worker treated was the first person to come down with Ebola symptoms while in the US. They were extremely well prepared for that patient, they were extremely careful, and they put vast resources into keeping it from spreading. Yet it still spreads.

I'm fearful of what will happen when enough cases start popping up that such resources cannot be dedicated to single cases. I hope to god they find a significant/fixable flaw with their previous treatment and containment procedure... Because if they don't, it's very bad news for what the future might hold. 




 Reach over to your glove compartment and start screaming "Allahu Akbar!!!!!!" at the top of your lungs. 




 I would advise against this unless you have liquid bandages and someone to help you. The risk of something going wrong far outweighs the benefits in my opinion. For example if you use super glue and accidentally make contact with something before the glue dries entirely, you risk ripping open the cut to the point where it could become a serious issue.. 




 Ok cool. Can you tell us when you'll next be in a public place and where it will be so people can come take pictures of you for Reddit?  

Just because something is not illegal does not make it right or less douchey. 




 Even though it's not really an image for ridicule... taking a picture of a stranger because of his appearance and then posting it online for millions of people to see  is a total doucher move unless he gave it his blessing. 




 I really don't understand the issue here. Some of the companies he invested on failed, and obscure companies can be found in a lot (if not most) of investment portfolios. What's the unethical part?  




 Seems a lot better if the girl planned it. Versus: "I like that girl but she doesn't seem to notice me. I'm gonna go knock that bitch down." 




 That looks like me when I can't remember whether I turned off the stove. 




 I'd much rather the response be overboard than not enough. 




 Deactivating my Facebook account was one of the wisest life decisions I've made recently. Since then I feel much less depressed (seeing people posting their fun life highlights while I slayed away at my career does that) and it also resulted in me hanging out with my friends a lot more in real life, and just generally being more sociable.

I highly recommend it. 




 It is certainly scary. Though I think it's partially because it brings thoughts of huge pandemics such as those caused by the Spanish Flu, the plague, etc etc.

Even the regular flu which is often brought up as a huge worldwide killer, isn't *that bad* in terms of some of the other pandemics the world has been facing. For example, AIDs is estimated to **kill 4000+ people per day** and the HIV pandemic is still spreading, yet I think the overall 'panic' is absent from the media. 

The world is a scary place. 




 Play it. _ 




 A lighter full of chlorine. When he goes to light a cigarette he will press the valve release and the striker, but it won't light. Instead he'll get a wiff of **extremely toxic** chlorine gas. 

Fuck you pickpocketer. 




 There is no greater punishment. 




 $4.99 for shipping and handling. 




 Doubtful. Both tins and documents from the early 1900s are not uncommon. I would be surprised if you could get $3 for this. 




 We can only hope. But at this point it is the only *known infection* to take place outside Africa. It's not impossible that there are other infections which have occurred in countries outside Africa without the infrastructure/support to detect/isolate it. 









 Pretty cool, but someone should put a seizure warning on this post. 




 I rebelled in school and didn't do the work, mostly because I didn't like being told what to do when I didn't see a huge benefit in it. When I went home after school I'd tinker around with software and programming if there was nothing super fun going on.

I dropped out of school when I was 16. Got hired at 21 for a 6 figure job doing software development. I've been there 8 years now and it's been very good to me. The only thing I regret about not taking school seriously and dropping out, is that I missed out on a lot of social experiences like college shenanigans. 




 Your cat may be the spawn of a vampire. 




 Multiple casualty counts in the wikipedia articles:

* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_in_Afghanistan_(2001%E2%80%93present)
* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_Drug_War
   




 I don't think a lot of people realize just how bad the situation in Mexico is... To put it in perspective, the number of deaths from the Mexican Drug War since 2006 is estimated to be 4-5x higher than the deaths (including civilians) occurring in the **ENTIRE** Afghanistan War since the US invasion in 2001.

It truly is a bloodbath down there. 





























 28 yo single male. Making a decent 6 figure income since 21 yo and now putting away about $4k or $5k each month. Savings are mostly with Edward Jones (well balanced portfolio) but also present in JP Morgan (mutual fund), Fidelity (vesting company stock and personal trading) and Chase (cash).

Right now I have zero debt but am looking for a house in an aggressive and expensive market. After doing so I will be about $200k in debt with the mortgage. I'm really not looking forward to it, but it seems better than throwing $2000 of rent into a financial black hole each month. 




 Based on historical prices it seems likely, as to my knowledge we haven't really seen any major events that typically precipitate a huge price drop. Additionally Saudi Arabia's recent decision to not cut output goes against its previous behavior in similar conditions. Some people may say Japan's sinking economy could be a factor, but I feel that China's growing economy and oil usage should easily counter that...

If it is orchestrated, it's a good move, Russia is bleeding from this at the time they need it most. 









 To put the violence in Mexico into perspective: the number of deaths from the Mexican Drug War since 2006 is estimated to be 4-5x higher than the deaths (including civilians) occurring in the ENTIRE Afghanistan War since the US invasion in 2001. 









 The post has been removed from the frontpage. I suggest everyone message the TIL moderators and ask them to have a sense of humor and allow it. 




 Op, now that the story is climbing you should delete your post. People will continue upvoting the other fake post because they'll just assume it's true without looking at the article. 




 Interesting fact: When the government came up with the Navy Seal teams they gave them names like "Navy Seal Team Six" even though there were not six teams. This was to throw off enemies to make them assume more teams were available. The base location for the team was "leaked" out during the Cold War. The location leaked was Thompson Falls, Montana.

So basically a non-existent city which is a side effect of the cold war is still in feigned existence today. It's pretty cool actually. It'd be even cooler to know why they continue to cover it up though.

**Edit:** Removing the article link as requested by the mods. Apparently people were getting malware warnings. My apologies!  




 If it's in a fuel cell it isn't really 'burned' right? It's a chemical reaction without combustion that produces water and electricity. 




 A 7% functional 'cure' rate on an illness that has seen few new marketable treatments in the last several decades? This is absolutely amazing if it shows similar results across common patient populations.   









 Have a nice day. 




 I really don't care what you believe. You are a self proclaimed "anarchist" and likely contribute nothing to society. You complain about people whining, yet you take whining to the extreme by contributing nothing towards the solutions of the problems you complain about.

Have a nice day. 




 When referring to my own opinion of the protests and how my opinion is not swayed by race, yes I think I can confidently say it's not because of race because I say it isn't. Are you suggesting I don't know my own thoughts? 

I wonder if you have voices speaking to you. When I saw this http://www.kirotv.com/news/news/kiro-7-confronts-self-proclaimed-anarchist-accused/nczb9/ things became a lot more clear about what you represent. 




 Care to elaborate? Your message makes no sense to me... 

I don't agree with these protests, but it's not because of race like you seem to imply. You do realize that most of those protesting in Seattle are white right? 



















 You sound really really cynical. I hope you never have to rely on a police officer to help you, it might make your head explode. 




 It's because of escalating racial tensions all over the country causing people to post things they wouldn't normally post. It's not limited to reddit. For example a black friend of mine on Facebook just called for a purge of all whites, and some white friends of mine are posting about lynching blacks. People will regret what they said when things calm down. Right now it's a tinderbox. 




 Yes. Didn't realize it was the final game that had the riot though. My bad. Still I don't think anyone predicted the Stanley Cup game would result in a riot. 




 But apparently you chose to ignore the many disturbances that occur after other non-championship events:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Vancouver_Stanley_Cup_riot 




 **Just an update**: I-5 through Seattle has been shutdown and crowds are swelling as the protests have turned violent. Teargas/flashbangs/pepper-spray have been deployed and protesters are splitting off into large groups marching in different directions.

**10:48PM:** Windows at Wells Fargo Bank have been broken

**11:02 PM:** I-5 has now been re-opened and traffic is flowing freely. Fireworks being thrown at police elsewhere in Seattle

**11:10 PM:** Protests igniting in Capital Hill. All available cops are being asked to assist in riot gear.

**12:10 AM:** Things seem to be dying down in terms of spread. Some protesters have spray painted businesses along Pine.

**Update at 12:35 AM:** Protests have really died down. Only about 60 protesters left. 




 I was referring to Ferguson, but perhaps that was misunderstood. 




 Who said they were rioting? As of right now it's just a peaceful protest. Which is why I called them protesters in the title, and not rioters. 




 They certainly aren't given a pass, there is just less of a coordinated response because they cannot easily be predicted.  




 I mean a lot of those causing riots after sporting events are likely intoxicated, so that alone is a pretty big difference from these Ferguson related protests. 




 *intoxicated people 




 There probably would have been riots either way, some people are just out to start conflict instead of deescalating and looking to find ways to prevent similar situations in the future. 









 Hello race war! Raceeeeeeee war!!!!!! RACE WAR EVERYONE!!!!!!!! RACE WAR!! 














 But you won't be at an equal pressure because you'll have A LOT of extra weight added by everything that isn't "normal air". The vessel would sink down into the atmosphere and the pressure inside would be much different than that on the outside before the vessel becomes stabilized. 




 Japan was one of the most aggressive countries in modern history. They just recently started firing back up their offensive military machine to face potential future conflict with China. A well armed Japan is one of the last things anyone should fuck with. 









 The only thing he's mentioned to me is that he looks for suburbs with good schools. I don't know what effect that really has though, other than reducing the chance of lower class renters.

When I've been looking (but have not bought any yet) I'm using Craigslist to find how much rents are in an area, and then using sites like Zillow to find the areas where the difference between mortgages and rents are the most extreme, but still affordable to me. 




 I'm in the same type of situation. I'm 28 and pulling in about 100k after taxes each year. But I also feel like I am being paid for my life, as outside of work I don't really do anything. I'm almost 100% work focused, and I don't want to live this way for the rest of my life.

I've been aggressively saving/investing for a house, but around here a decent house close to work costs about $700k. My plan is to pay much of it off in a down payment, and then have a minimal mortgage, that way I have bigger incoming cash flow that I feel I can spend on 'fun purchases'. That however, is still not **wealth**. 

Luckily I work with many many others my age that make similar amounts of money or more from their day job. It allows me to get a lot of comparisons into what works wealth-wise, and what does not. At this point I'm convinced that one of the best ways to generate wealth outside of owning a business is to own property and rent it out. 

I have a friend the same age as me that currently owns 3 properties in the suburbs and rents them out. From those he's paying about $3,000 in mortgages each month, but getting about $6,000 in rent. Excluding repairs and maintenance, that's an **extra** cash flow that nets him $3,000 each month in addition to his regular work pay. To me that is wealth... Because if he were to quit his job he'd still have income to live on while he searches for another job. PLUS like me he's 28, so I would not be surprised if he continues to add another property every 2-3 years. That's wealth generating income that can increase relatively fast, and it's also a real world example of someone our age gaining wealth so he will not have to work into his 50s.

So my advice would be to look into owning property in an affordable area and renting it out, as I know it is a wealth generating method proven to work by one of my friends with similar income. 




 Ummm. No. Have fun with your anonymous mask though! 









 They keep missing one too. If I'm going to call any country a terrorist state, it's going to be Saudi Arabia. 




 Probably not the wisest thing to say as the President of a nation that only has ~3 million people.

I don't understand comments like this from heads of state, it's only going to escalate things. Does she really think Russia will hear her and just be like: "Oh you're right. We're sorry. We're pulling out of Ukraine now." 




 Tina is out getting her ham 









 *from a chair in front of our computers 




 Haven't you heard? You're part of the Latin Spring! 




 Can we return it and exchange it for something else? 




 RAID is often used when data integrity is important (for example backups). If you have a bunch of SD cards in a array and have failing cards, you're going to have to rebuild the array often or face total failure. 

TL;DR: If you have a RAID setup with fault prone nodes, you're going to have a bad time. 




 You can, but the SD cards are usually much different/lower quality flash memory. They don't have nearly as much tolerance for failure and the number of write cycles is typically much less due to the type of memory used.

It'd be a nice 'fun RAID' perhaps. But I wouldn't use one to hold the keys to life. 




 You can buy them today, so it's already reaching consumers. I may buy one for an off-grid cabin because unlike many other batteries these aren't chemically dangerous, and they claim they have very long lives with minimal degradation. 














 "Hot Wheels is proud to announce our new 89' Geo Metro model with separable exhaust!"  




 I sometimes wonder if this administration is TRYING to stir up racial tensions. Imagine what a heated country it would be if this announcement and also the grand jury decision from Ferguson were made the same week.  




 Thanks Uncle Dave!! 




 Where is the original? This uploader just takes other peoples videos and reuploads or rehashes them together so they can get advertisement money through youtube. 




 When someone mentions asymptomatic I think a lot of people associate it with other contagious diseases where there can be carriers that spread the disease without exhibiting any symptoms. A very dangerous and alarming prospect. Like typhoid Mary. 




 Really? An "Asymptomatic" flair on the post? It's like it was only added to cause unnecessary panic. It's well known that Ebola can still be detected in semen weeks or months after infection. This guy was symptomatic at one time, and defeated the virus. He already went through the extremely contagious phase when he was still in Africa.  




 They come through our solar system, they just don't do so on a regular basis:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_non-periodic_comets 









 It's not really giving something physical (certificate or otherwise) to your user base. But I think it would be cool if there were some X-Prize like "Reddit Prize" for huge scientific/technological/consumer breakthroughs that may affect many Reddit users. 

It would take someone to manage it. But it would also be incredibly awesome and allow Reddit to really give back to society. 




 Perhaps you'd like to fly there and show them how it's properly done in a war-torn country? 




 Inspections are still done, they are just done while the money is in escrow and the buyer/seller agree that the buyer can walk away if the inspection finds something that changes the buyer's mind. It is rare for buyers to waive them completely (and stupid in my opinion).

My agent told me the reason agents are pushing against pre-offer inspections is because the market here is so competitive a lot of buyers were getting upset when they'd pay for inspections and not have their offers accepted post-inspection. I was also getting upset, as I have paid for inspections on 4 other homes which ended up going to other buyers with better offers. 




 Not yet. In my region there is a push against pre-inspections because it was beginning to become way too taxing on potential buyers. 

I could probably do this, and claim it's due to a defect, as long as they don't call my bluff and offer to address it. 




 I can back out, but I believe I will lose my earnest money which is $20k unless I find a defect with the house. 




 I can't help but to feel a bit cynical about his words. His party just lost a mid-term election, and NOW he decides to be so vocal about opposing net neutrality?!? If he believes so strongly in opposing it, where were his strong reactions before he had to save face?

It's fucked up and quite honestly it makes me a bit depressed at our current political state of affairs. It's all such a joke.

 




 Even fire rated bricks tend to crack over time when exposed to both fire and outdoor elements. For $6 they'll still probably get a lot of good use out of the pit, and from my experience even after the bricks begin cracking, people don't care that much as it's all about the fire. 


































 That single tall tree a bit from the left looks like it just gave up. 

"I'm this tall! I don't want to be any taller!!!" 




 Hi I'm Johnny Knoxville and this is the "Sweat Trap Bike Ride". 




 A CBO study in 2007 concluded:

 "The tax revenues that unauthorized immigrants generate for state and local governments do not offset the total cost of services provided to those immigrants"

Since then there has been a larger flood of illegals that can be considered 'dependents', so I believe it would be an even greater difference today.

[Source](http://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/12-6-immigration.pdf) 




 He was wrong... But seriously, it's the US's fault that people don't want to live in Mexico? The Mexican Government is full of corruption, and Mexico was chaotic before the Drug War too. Shifting blame to the US is pretty uncalled for here. 




 It's not direct harm. But it is indirect harm as services are used for free that those legally here help pay for. It hits hospitals especially hard, and others are forced to pay more because of it. It's well documented and understood, and it's not fair to those who obey the laws. 




 If this happens I don't think Obama will be acting in the interest of the United States. Those who knowingly commit illegal acts that harm others (stressing US infrastructure in this case) should not be rewarded.

 




 There is an article somewhere online written by a hostage that was set free by ISIS. He was sold by the FSA (which is considered 'moderate' by the US) to ISIS. Later on he was held by a mix of ISIS and FSA fighters, and some of the FSA fighters told him they received training from the US military, and that they simply lied when they said they would not work with ISIS.

I truly believe the best thing to do at this point is support Assad in limited fashion, and setup ways to hold his soldiers accountable if any atrocities are committed after that partnership begins. 




 If people are willing to do the work and you aren't asking for an employee, but rather a service provider, why shouldn't they? Even though this 'ad' was a PR stunt... There are companies out there that do nothing but remote security system monitoring for businesses (even if not using their equipment). It's not inconceivable to think you could hire one for relatively cheap. 




 I would say don't do this. I work at a company where quite a few of my coworkers are timid/shy, and a couple of them have stared at my eyebrows before during conversation. It will make me seem more intimidating, because it makes me annoyed. Nothing is more annoying then talking to someone who is staring above my eyes, because it makes me self-conscious of whether I have a mark on my face or something.

My brother and I actually did this when we were younger to ANNOY each other. If you have a brother/close friend, try it. Hold a conversation with them but only look at their eyebrows. They will become very uncomfortable and/or angry. I guarantee it. 




 Hey, leave your love life out of this! 




 I have friends that hate on the US all the time, and in particular they repeatedly claim the US has the most violent cops in the world. They also say they want to move away from the US... part of me hopes they buy a ticket to a place like Brazil. 




 Balls of steel. At that point the helmet is really just for decoration. 




 Yes, but none were in circumstances to make me cry. All those that passed on were elderly and in failing health, so I think I was mentally prepared for it.

If a close family member killed themselves I think I would cry too. 




 You could take proactive steps that may help minimize the future progression severity: Eating healthier, sleeping healthier, exercising more, and staying mentally active. 
























 Let's keep this PG. 




 I think this is unfortunately a solid military strategy on the part of ISIS. People have seen what ISIS does to those who challenge it, so they will have little choice but to fight alongside ISIS. Now the non-extremists may no longer view the war as them against ISIS, but instead the US coalition against the people of Syria.

This is a terrible development. This is like an Arab version of Nazi Germany. 




 Get some framed posters perhaps? 




 It depends on the type of flash memory used and the amount of redundant storage in addition to the flash controller. I would presume Intel used high quality flash memory in this device alongside a much more robust controller than those found on USB thumb drives. Additionally Windows 8 has the ability to run with a different memory/service profile on small storage devices to help limit the amount of writes. 




 There is no way that has an mSATA controller, that alone would almost be wider than the entire device.

Instead it has expandable Micro SD card storage (and right now you can buy MicroSD cards with up to 128GB of space). Also in theory you could plug a thumb drive into the USB port (but it'd be ugly). 




 There are a lot of major earthquakes in that area historically. Including one of the largest which occurred in 1089AD:

*"William of Malmesbury writes that "all buildings were lifted up, then settled again as before", which does not indicate any damage. It is described as "very great" and "throughout England" by Roger de Hoveden."'*

http://web.archive.org/web/20110516173115/http://www.quakes.bgs.ac.uk/earthquakes/historical/historical_listing.htm 




 I'd really take this study with a grain of salt as they say. It only included 16 participants and it wasn't a double-blind study (the researchers knew while taking measurements which kids were in the extended swimming classes).

With so few participants it's difficult to say whether the impact of swimming was significant.  




 It's not uncommon in today's world to preserve a piece of a previous structure/building if it had fallen or been destroyed in tragic circumstances. Perhaps an earthquake caused a collapse that killed many important people?  









 When non-volatile storage nears both latency and bandwidth of the latest DDR* in production. Bandwidth still has a ways to go, but I could foresee it being doable at a commercial scale in the near future. Latency is an entirely different beast, and will require radical shifts from current consumer SSD tech.

Another factor is wear. RAM is nearly constantly shifted, written, and re-written. RAM doesn't degrade to any significant level with writes, whereas current flash memory used in SSDs does. So drive life is also holding today's SSDs back from threatening RAM. 




 The problem is that Agile was originally what companies/groups did to keep things moving quickly with minimal restrictions and form. Now in large corporate environments that switched to "agile", the walls are closing in because so many rules/guidelines are being enforced as to how exactly it must function... which goes against every reason the agile approach worked so well. 




 Not currently believed to be autoimmune related. Something as absolute as saying it's definitely not an autoimmune disease may be a bit too far for a disease with so many unknowns. 




 If that's the case then it's because you allow it to happen. Naturally there is some give and take with marriage, but if you are just dating, why allow yourself to be railroaded?

 




 I work with a lot of Turks, and they are truly scared of this man and what Erdogan is turning Turkey into. When I first started working with them 5 years ago they were happy for the future of Turkey as a secular state, but now whenever they talk about visits back home they tell me how freedoms are fading away and how people now hesitate to criticize the government in public due to fear of retaliation. 

It's a sad series of events, and I too worry that Turkey may be headed towards a path of further backwards "Islamification" of the state. In 20 years we may view the state of Turkey today in the same way we view the state of Iran prior to the Islamic "revolution".   




 Just 20 more Facebook likes and the war is over! 




 The fact that "pro-ISIS" rallies have occurred and are allowed in Europe boggles my mind. Waving an ISIS flag should be a crime of supporting terrorism. 




 It's only a matter of time before Muslim extremists provoke violent responses from masses of people without direct state support. When that moment comes things are going to get really intense. 




 Regardless I don't think that calls for name calling. You could have just downvoted the post without the insult towards the OP. 




 Nothing is beyond our reach. 




 Oil consumption is beginning to slow down across the world, yet more advanced/complex extraction methods are making more oil reserves available for refining/production. Most oil producing countries are still using older extraction methods, so if they shift to methods like fracking they can get even bigger 'slices of the pie'.

The US is also now the largest oil producer as well as one of the largest consumers. The US is extremely stable, so there is less likelihood of major shortages due to political/military events. This smooths the volatility of the developed world's oil supply. 




 For a long term investment I'd suggest putting funds into BP or Chevron stocks. They normally rise and fall with consumer demand and prices, and in the long term such low oil prices cannot last forever... There is bound to be a disturbance, or eventual supply shortage that causes prices to rise.

Additionally these companies are also working on alternative energy investments, so if the price of oil stays low for a long time they will likely boost their R D and alternative energy production and the stocks may increase inversely with oil prices down the road.

I'm waiting until oil gets towards $30, then I'm going to dump a lot of money into these stocks. 




 I wonder how economical such factories would be... I think they'd pretty much require initial state funding to even become slightly competitive when run by private parties. 

This is cool stuff regardless though, and I could see this LED based 'factory' tech eventually making its way to isolated villages or remote research stations such as those on Antarctica. But another major hurdle to overcome is that many of the places with food shortages also have power shortages. 




 I was preparing to be really really impressed. 
























 Does form count for extra points? 




 Oh for sure. It wasn't meant to be a blanket statement.

But that link you provided is about how Russia refused to share space technology with China's space program? That seems to provide further evidence of how many states are well aware and afraid of China's strong tendency to steal engineering plans for their own production. China is smart, and it's a great way for them to advance. But it certainly makes potential state partners very wary of working with the Chinese on anything cutting edge.. 




 That's a bit different though right? In the case of Russian spacecraft the US government was paying the Russian's for launch services, or the engines were being purchased directly from Russia. China in many cases will simply copy foreign tech after obtaining details specifications and engineering details via espionage, which is much less civil in my opinion. 




 Being cold in general also lowers the body's immune response does it not?  




 As someone who has autism and has read countless research papers on the subject, screw that anti-vaccine group. I wish we could somehow temporarily teleport them to the 1940s or 1950s. I imagine if they had their siblings, friends, and other relatives dying around them due to polio they'd change their tune pretty quick. 




 Breakthroughs in reconnaissance satellites could definitely make their way into civilian life.

It's a lot of money for the key hole program, but I think aerial/satellite surveillance programs are good investments for preventing more costly conflicts. 









 Not at all. But comparing a country's recent actions to another country's actions that took place long ago isn't a fair comparison when it fails to take into account the significantly different geopolitical atmosphere.

 




 Not in the lifetime of anyone still alive today.  




 That would burn. 




 Thanks! This was very to the point and now I'm definitely leaning towards 20% down over paying in cash.

Interestingly a few people have PMed me too with some other things swaying my decision. Mainly that if I use most of my funds in buying a house, I lose a lot of liquidity and may have to sell the house and pay rent again anyway if something unexpected sidelines me from earning an income through the workforce for a couple of years. Whereas if I have a mortgage, I still am sitting on considerable investments that could be partially cashed to weather unforeseen emergencies.

Thank you again! And to the others who offered advice =) 




 Over the last few years my returns on investments have averaged out to around 20%, but the market is still rebounding from the 2008 recession so I don't expect I'll see such high returns in the coming years. Historically it seems the stock market has been averaging a 6-7% yearly return, so that is what I'm anticipating for the future.

My expected interest for the mortgage is currently around 5% (I have 1 percentage point added on due to having no credit history).

The purpose for buying the house is simply as a place to live and unwind. A place I can call my own, instead of being at the mercy of a landlord. I am not buying the house itself for investment purposes. 




 I really like the idea of not having any monthly housing costs outside of taxes/insurance/maintenance by buying a house in full. Right now I'm paying $2,300 per month in rent, so having that extra $25,000+ in my bank account each year by buying in full would be significant. However after looking at 'interest tables' for my current investments and average historical market returns I see that over time the compounding interest on those investments can lead to values **significantly** greater than the cost of a mortgage on a $500k house over 30 years.

I'm 28 yrs old and I've never been in debt. Previously I thought buying everything in full was the best approach. Now I'm not so sure. An advice would be very much appreciated. 




 So basically it's like going back to the old west, minus all the violence and disease =O 




 Interestingly because guns are so prevalent so is the value of learning gun safety in communities. Gun violence in Idaho is relatively rare considering how many people own guns. 




 A great way to get IP information for usernames (being people will likely check their username first). Granted I'm sure it's less sinister, but the potential for some intelligence collection is definitely there. =) 




 Idaho is one of the most armed states in the US. It has the county with the highest gun ownership. Almost everyone has a gun. 




 Lots of flavors too! Kiwi is very popular and delicious. Lemon or Grapefruit are usually despised. For a while there was even a 'sparkling energy drink', but it seems to have gotten pulled. 




  Second, it is expensive and there is no reason for farmers to adopt these farming techniques as they are more expensive.

Perhaps in less developed countries, but in developed countries like the US, no-till drills like air seeders are becoming very desirable and cost effective. Mostly due to reduced fuel and labor/time costs by removing the need for plowing. 









 [Apocalypse Now - Ride of the Valkyries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKaYOW9zMoY)

Also... pretty much anything in Watchmen. 




 It was a dinner just like all the others, except this time it was filled with an aurora of hatred only known to one of the participants. Wally stared across the table at Clint, hoping for some flickering indication of regret of humanity. Wally and Clint had been meeting at this diner for the last 10 years. Best friends since grade school they enjoyed each others company even in silence But that was before Before Wally found out Clint was sleeping with Wallys wife, Bonnie. That was before.

Wally had spent the previous night restless, pacing back and forth contemplating his next move. Occasionally he would glance up at the shotgun hanging on the wall. A shotgun handed down to him through several generations of his family. There it hung, so peaceful, so tranquil. He grabbed it off the wall and went out on the porch. He made up his mind, his beautiful wife was everything, and Clint had taken her from him, so he was going to take Clints breath with the shotgun that lay on his lap. 
But then as Wally sat there, the sun began to rise, casting shades of orange hues across the crisp morning sky. This is beautiful. Clint said to himself. Thinking perhaps there was more beauty in the world to behold Wally walked back into his living room, and hung the shotgun back above the mantle. 

Back at the dinner, Wally wondered if he had made the right decision in sparing Clints life, in carrying on as though nothing had ever happened. He only wished there was some indication of regret on the part of Clint for his betrayal, yet he saw none. So deep within his own thoughts, Wally barely noticed at first the fly that landed upon the table beside his soup. But then it became his focus. This creature, so small, yet so intricate without any worries in the world... 

Look out Clint exclaimed as he eyed the fly and reached for a newspaper resting on the table. No, Wally calmly said as Clint raised the newspaper above the fly. Dont do it. Why, its only a fly? Clint asked. No replied Wally. Its beautiful.  The newspaper smacked down hard against the table. Other diners turned to see what the commotion was about. Then they saw the dead fly and returned to their own lives.

Wally finished his dinner with Clint, without another word spoken. As usual he paid his portion of the bill, and then Wally sauntered out of the diner and drove back to his house. He sat a moment in his idling car, and watched the wind blow across the tall autumn grass. He turned the ignition off, opened his door, and walked into his living room, and lifted the shotgun off the wall... 

--------------------------------

**Note:** Be gentle as this is my first WP. Integrating **first degree** (premeditated versus 'in the moment') murder into a story was an interesting constraint.
 




 Jesus Christ, this country almost looks like it is on its way to an all out race war. The tension keeps rising and eventually we'll probably start seeing revenge killings on both sides. So sad. 




 This has gotta be a remake/model of an original artifact. The base looks modern and there is no way such an ancient artifact would be stood up like that in such an uncontrolled environment. 




 It's difficult to comprehend just how fast and insanely awesome this aircraft is. At its top speed it is traveling over 3x the speed of a bullet leaving the barrel of a typical hunting rifle, or about the same speed as a bullet leaving the barrel of an M16. That's fast.  




 It seems to me like it's actually on the decline. I'm in the engineering sector and it's actually "cool" to work in a smart/nerdy field again, and young people are striving for knowledge and education like never before. 

Just look how many people stood up against SOPA and other similar attempts to cull/regulate free information and media. To me that's an intellectual fight, and young people are fully behind it.

I can totally see anti-intellectualism taking hold in older generations, but thanks to the internet and the awareness it provides to young people. I think the future for intellectuals in the US is brighter than ever. 




 I'm really hoping for a Netflix streaming release. It could forever alter how movies are released in the future.  




 Neat. 




 It's trying to entice you over to touch the forbidden fruit. 




 Who has magically disappeared? 

The only questionable death I'm aware of in recent years is that reporter who died in a car crash after working on leak stories. Even that is very inconclusive.

 




 When say a rapist is caught, tried, and thrown in prison, that's prevention against future crime. By your logic we should just release all violent prisoners because the cops made things worse by reigning them in. Genius.

Looking at your history I see you're mental and probably want to kill cops too. Get a life. 




 Well I hate to break it to you, but if thugs break into your house you won't be able to defend yourself with a keyboard. 




 Yes because cops obviously don't help society or people in need... You're an absolute idiot. 




 That's like telling people not to use Facebook and it's easy because they just have to get all there friends to switch too. 



















 "Commander sir? There is magic outside of my window again." 




 It's pretty easy, and it happens and is even broadcast across media on a higher level. All of that support going to the FSA and opposition groups in Syria is partly because they are ruthlessly attacking the bigger enemies like ISIS. Somewhere in Syria there is probably an intelligence agent overseeing "rebels" torturing and killing ISIS members. The thing is... I don't feel too bad for them. People probably felt the same way during the Vietnam war.  




 Or is it half-side up? 














 Usually no more than a foot in my region. Below that you can sometimes see goldfish swimming around (people dumped goldfish in some of the mountain ponds and amazingly they survived). 









 The ice freezes like this in the mountain ponds where I'm from when the wind is extremely calm or non-existent, and the temperature is relatively consistent between day and night (say 21F in the day and 15F at night).  




 Cool. Thanks Bud. 




 I can definitely vouch for the black area in central Washington state. There is a town there called Othello that is basically like Mexico. I stopped there this year while travelling and went to a Burger King, and none of the people inside working knew English and everyone was speaking Spanish. I tried to order something in English and got a confused look, and then told them the number I was trying to order and they still didn't understand. That's when a lady nearby stepped in and told them in Spanish, and then they figured it out... It amazes me that a franchise like Burger King doesn't require customer facing workers know English.

After that little bizarre event I drove around town out of curiosity and a lot of the signs were in Spanish as well, and I didn't see a single non-hispanic white outside of the gas station. It was like I was in the twilight zone. 




 Can't we just photoshop it closer and save NASA billions? 









 Sounds like neuromytonia and stress, which go hand in hand. You should stop googling ALS symptoms and start a health tracking journal. Also I would suggest asking your MD to test for ganglionic achr antibodies. If you have them you can take the immune therapy route and may be cured by spontaneous remission. 




 I thought this was /r/science, not /r/politics 




 "Because I'm tired of looking at them down here." 




 Sponsored by Autism perhaps? 




 You don't have to be in an organization to help guide it and interact with it. If I provided as little as $200k for equipment and operational costs, did you think they were going to ignore me?

It works the same way for the government. If someone were to give a senator a multi-million dollar donation, that senator then has a responsibility to look out for his/her donation supplier. If she or he does not, then they should not accept the donations in the first place. 




 There are crazies in most forums. I'm not in the organization but I've funneled some funds that way, and the contacts I have had made some great guarantees when it comes to keeping the active members sane.  




 I can almost "hear" the silence.  




 As depressing as the reports may be, I still have pretty high confidence that a solution will be found when things start getting really chaotic. If all the governments of the UN came together and set up an insanely massive reward for the first organization/government/corporation that can create a scalable CO2 scrubber, I think we'd stand a much better chance.

There aren't that many resources working on CO2 scrubbing technologies, because there is currently not enough economic incentive.  




 Oh yes I was absolutely making a generalization, but one I still believe to be accurate. As a generalization it certainly doesn't apply to all cases, such as yours and even mine to some degree. 




 The sample size is incredibly small for this study (20 people) so I'd take it with a grain of salt. The other thing I wonder about is whether the researchers provided a work space to the participants (ie: a job specific to the study), or whether the participants were monitored in their real-world work environment. If it's the latter, the study might be polluted by the work hierarchy. In my office building for example, I can tell you the successful people are more likely to have window offices and be less stressed because they generally aren't doing the frustrating "low level work". The lower level workers are more likely to have window-less offices and be more stressed... so I have a feeling if you moved those workers into similar workspaces, you'd still have distinct groups when it came to cortisol/stress levels, regardless of whether they had windows.

**Edit:** I'm not questioning the well known relation between sunlight and mood... Only the methods used in this study and their concluded level of impact. 




 It's not accessible via the internet in the browser sense, but for my private projects where I don't want to use VSO/GIT and still want to access them remotely, I just do so via Remote Desktop. It could be a similar option for you if you are using Windows clients. 
























