 Get the book looked at and appraised before you have any work done on it. Often work done on an antique will lower its value.  









 please for the love of god, learn to spell 
























 Reavers. 




 so would I 




 most of us arent even at BCA anymore. 

so go recruit!
 





























 I completely disagree. Not to disregard your post, the creators have gone through much effort to maintain the physics of the world with the exception of bending which remains unexplained. (see: Function and mechanics of hot air balloons, submarines, gravity, properties of ice INCLUDING crystallization now in LoK) which mimics ours.  Air bisons are explained by bending (which remains unexplained but is not related to physics) and hence physics and the properties of every material up until this point are exactly the same as in our world. 

I would like to hear the countless examples which you speak have been different from our physics. So far you only mentioned platinum (which I think is laziness on the part of the new writing team) and air bison flight, which can be explained by airbending which we know is unexplained (or rather spiritually explained). 




 not knowing engineering is no excuse for laziness in preproduction. someone on the writing staff knew something about basic high school chemistry.  
























 Are you at Felix neck? 




 That's a pretty cool Heat map 




 One big answer?  Pages and pages of codes, regulations and laws, all using the English system.  They are unlikely to be changed because converting these values into metric is messy.  "This building code requires 2.74 meter high ceilings, and the stairs must each be 16 cm tall." or "Companies are allowed to dump, 30,564 liters of sewage into the neighboring stream."  There is a massive amount of regulation that needs to be taken into account.

Also there are dangers involved with changing the units people are familiar with. Imagine the height limit signs on bridges that prevent trucks who are too large from hitting the bridge. Mistakes would constantly be made during the transition period. It's just not worth it. 

The truth is, the metric system has replaced everything that matters. We use milligrams for our medication and most scientific research uses metric. NASA sure does. How we measure our drinks and weights really don't matter in the scheme of things, so we don't use metric. Metric's advantage is not important enough to replace the small stuff.  
























 I'm wondering about electives mostly but also prereqs (although obviously there are a ton of shitty prereqs).  




 Don't you mean platypus bear? 




 Hey, I was thinking Abe Lincoln 
























