 well, yeah. I lurk on reddit but never really had the urge to post anything till I had this. Apologies if this is against "Reddiquette." It wasn't my intention. 




 Thanks. We know Clones is shit and just wanted to see if there was any way to make it better! I think "kinda cool" means it's a success! 









 That would be pretty awesome.
If you are interested, We will be releasing a 90ish minut rewritten/rescored edit of the prequels with some Jango Fett sequences that may quench your thirst.

 




 Thanks alot! And yeah, I'd say that's a reasonable assumption.  




 Thanks!
The song is Nightcall by Kavinsky 




 or that... 




 I want to see Coruscant having been left in a state of decay after decades of totalitarianism. 
and vibroblades. yeah. just some badass dude with a vibroblade.  









 It rolled 









 Why have you only gotten nude in Deadwood? 
























 Yes, From Scorsese's Last Temptation Of Christ 




 Christmas albums are always a bummer 









 Fan Created Content of the Month or something more concisely worded . 




 Obi Wan has taught me well. 









 Thanks for watching, we were gunning for something like a Bladerunner vibe. 
 









 Sorry about that, I think it is an issue with the Kavinsky track that's used. YouTube apparently doesn't want certain people to see it.
If anyone has any tricks to get around that type of thing, I'd be interested. 




 Definitely!
If you want, I'll try to shoot you a PM when we upload it.
It should be soon. 




 2006 2-disc special edition dvds include these as a special feature. They don't look too pretty though.
 




 Thanks!
This is actually a clip from a larger prequel edit.
(all 3 Movies are down to one 90ish minute film with a different score and plot.)
I tried to choose the best beats to cut to but some (like that one) may have gotten away. 
























 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAYLCXXCfUY 




 The most popular answer will of course be Shia LeBeouf. 




 "Stan Wans" 




 Here are some Posters I made for my fan edit. 

Here is the link to the edit if anyone is interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJJqYoMxG7o  









 I bought the Blu Rays and used two programs: "Make MKV" and "Handbrake" 




 well, according to several posters on the Originaltrilogy.com fanedit forums, this one is up there. 
However, The Phantom Edit seems to be one of the more well regarded. 
I think it will depend on how closely you want the edit to stick to the unedited films.  









 Will do. 
I just want to know how some of the other full length edits on YouTube get so many views. 




 It may also depend on the rights holders to the music you are using.
Some may be less merciful than others
 




 I believe that you may need to make a separate plain old youtuber account. I think that YouTube will take them down if they have the possibility of being monetized by the uploader, which you can't do with a base account. 
That was my thought process,at least. You should still be able to upload the long videos. 
YouTube is pretty mysterious to me though.  




 What kind of account are you using?
 
























 Tin Tin 2 




 I didn't make this, 
just found it in the youtubes 














 This is why so many trailers show you the whole movie. 




 I think you can safely say Zombieland is a zombie movie.
 




 Something like "hey guys! Iiiiiiittttsssss Chimichanga Time!!"
and then Deadpool bursts onto screen with Benny Hill music being chased around in circles by hot chicks in their underwear wearing Bea Arthur masks?
 




 Groovy 




 Is Die Hardest off the table now? 




 I just thought I was being funny. 
Don't mind me. 
I'm interested in seeing this at some point though. 
 




 So there have been other Persian-language Israeli films that haven't starred Hollywood Actor Navid Negahban? 




 Hitler 
























 At what point do you stop liking movies? Can you tell the difference between a film from 1989 and 1990?
Do you really even like movies if you are willing to disregard 70% of the history of film? 




 one word. 

Nazis. 




 Yeah ... back in the 40's ... pretty common knowledge. 




 Would you have been bothered by The Long Halloween or Year One's departure from typical Batman fare when it was released? Or would you welcome the new take? 
Why do you think that the MCU's films are more in line with writers like Stan Lee than someone like Brian Michael Bendis? 




 How do you judge which version of a comic book character is the most true, since the characters evolve and change wildly from author to author?
Do you think Birdman would have topped the box office in the early 90's? 




 Do you feel that the recent superhero films are typically not bringing a fresh take to their source material? Are they too faithful?  




 Both Schindler's list and Jurassic Park are based on books, one of which is based on a book about something that actually happened. 
 




 Moonraker has a ton of Pepsi product placement I believe  




 The Samurai Trilogy by Hiroshi Inagaki

Man with No Name by Sergio Leone

Vengeance Trilogy by Chan-Wook Park

Jackie Chan's Police Story Trilogy: Police Story 1,2   Supercop  




 If looking at the sea motifs are your thing: Check out Takeshi Kitano's filmography

Also, they're great movies.  




 Sir Ian, 
Ive tried your acting advise from Extras, but it doesn't seem to work for me. Any further advice?

How different did the mood on the Hobbit sets feel compared to LOTR?

Do you and other Knights occasionally gather to fight crime together?
 




 He looks like he has a very tiny head compared to his body.
 
























