 If you were to boil down 5 things that make an outstanding NCO, what would your five pieces of advice be? 

Also, what books do you highly recommend for someone getting ready to pick up their stripes? 




 Hey y'all, 

I'm looking for more books with academic wizards. I loved *Jonathan Strange   Mr. Norrell.* I also really loved the portion of *The Name of the Wind* where Kvothe was attending university. I'm looking for more books where wizarding is seen as an academic pursuit, full of Latin phrases, obscure references, cool robes, classes, and **books!**

Can you help me out? 









 What if a group of wealthy individuals bought a large mass of land. Seeing as it is private property, they can do what they wish right? So they establish a government, much like the US but smaller. They "rent" property out to anyone who wishes to "immigrate". They then regulate environmental practice on this land "it is their private property" and regulate guns, the market, and such (I.e. if you don't obey they kick you off their "private property". They leave a will that states every four years the people must elect a fixed number of people who become "property owners" of this land mass.

Wouldn't this be a state, but completely agreeable with ancap philosophy? 




 I'm the Army vet who posted the question about tattoos recently. I'm looking to become a Middle/High School English teacher in the South (I'm from Alabama). I had some more questions, I'm sorry if there are too many.

* Will being a male put me at a disadvantage?

* How difficult is it to secure a job after I get accreditation?

* What is Summer like for y'all?

* Are you allowed to present ideas for electives you'd like to teach?

* What are some good resources (books, articles, and websites) related to education you would recommend to a young teacher?

Thanks in advance for your help. I've found this sub super friendly.

 




 I'm pursuing a degree towards education, with the intent to be a Secondary English teacher in the public school system. Obviously I'm not a fan of the system, but kids need to be taught even in our messed up system.

My questions are thus;

* What has your experience in the public school system done for your libertarian philosophy?

* Do you ever find conflict between your career and philosophy?

* How do you deal with the world of public education as a libertarian (especially unions, standardized testing, federal interventionism etc).

* Any other thoughts, tips, or tricks about being a libertarian in the public education sector? 




 Hello, I currently have some gold bullion coins from the US mint, but I'm curious if it's possible to buy gold bullion coins from other nations? 




 Hello, I'm a Confessional Presbyterian (OPC). I'm looking for someone to have some discussion with regarding Worship, Ecclesiastical Polity, and the nature of the Sacraments. These are three things I am conflicted about, and am between my confession's view, and the view of historic Reformed Anglicanism. I'd really like to carry out the conversation via PM if that is ok. 

 




 Hello,

I'm not sure if this is the correct sub forum for my question, but here goes. I'm an Army veteran about to go back to college for English Education. I'd like to teach Middle/High School English. The thing is, I have tattoos. My arms above my elbows are half sleeves, and I have four on my lower arms. Will this pose a problem for me?
 




 To all my fellow bibliorganizationophiles out there. How do you organize your home library? I have a pretty extensive library, mostly dealing with literature, literary criticism, and theology. I'm looking for a more detailed way to keep it organized, as it is getting rather out of hand (i.e stacks of books with no shelfly home). 




 Caliban is my favorite Shakespearean character. I've always been baffled as to who he is exactly. At various points reading and watching The Tempest I've seen him as a mentally handicapped person, a cannibal like native islander (his name is an anagram of the Spanish word for *cannibal*) and various monstrous sub-human characters. 

What's your speculation about the nature of Caliban? What's your favorite way to see him portrayed?  




 I understand that each major category has a 100's place, but behind that how exactly does the system work? For example, you get a book on Elizabethan history, it would go in the 900's place, but how do you determine the rest of the Classification?

 









 Do you feel society in general owes you anything?

Put another way, do you feel you are entitled to anything by virtue of being born?

What are you owed by society?

Why does society owe you these things?

 




 **I was reading *The Theology of Prayer* by the great Southern Presbyterian Benjamin Palmer, when I came across this quote. Pairs wonderfully with the first question of the Shorter and Larger Catechisms I think.**

"Upon this soul is stamped the seal of the divine attributes. In his intelligence man dimly reflects the divine wisdom; in his affections, the divine benevolence ; in his conscience, the divine rectitude; in his will, the divine power. Such a being can find his true sphere only in God. All these endowments point to that august source from which they are derived, as the only goal to which they can aspire; and the comprehensive act in which they all embark is the homage of an intelligent and eternal worship."

~ Benjamin M. Palmer, The Theology of Prayer 




 Theoretically, could we ever base the US dollar on a cryptocurrency standard comparable to the gold standard? Obviously we would have to eliminate the FED and the Keynesian stuff. Obviously the cryptocurrency would have to be non government controlled. We all agree that we need a strong dollar backed by some resource (gold, silver etc). Also we agree that the market should decide said resource. What if the market chose cryptocurrency?

Is it feasible? What steps would we have to take? 




 First, forgive me for being an ignorant American here.

If the U.K. is one country, why are England, Scotland etc separate national football clubs? Why isn't there just one U.K. football club? 




 It seems that the presbytery in whose geographical bounds Leithart is currently ministering in (Evangel Presbytery) has sent a second letter to the presbytery Leithart is a member of (Pacific Northwest Presbytery) regarding his laboring outside the geographical bounds of his own presbytery. 

http://theaquilareport.com/pca-evangel-presbytery-asks-peter-leitharts-presbytery-to-deal-with-his-ministry-status/

I have a few questions.

1. If Leithart is a TE at a CREC church, why is this an issue for the PCA presbytery in whose geographical bounds he is ministering in? Restated; since he isn't working in a PCA church, how does this affect Evangel Presbytery? 

2. Why does it seem the presbyteries are more keen to address his unconformity with the Book of Church Order, while still not addressing his unconformity with the WCF (FV)? 




 Curious as to what y'all think about the concept of indentured servitude as punishment for nonviolent crimes. To clarify I don't mean *slavery*, at least not in the antebellum sense.

What I mean is, if someone violates your property rights (fraud, theft etc) then they have to work without pay for a period of time.

This could be done two ways

1. The criminal could work for whoevers property rights they violated.

2. The criminal works at a special labor camp.

Of course, it would have to be done humanely. No violations of NAP upon the "prisoners". Feed them, etc. But instead of sending them to a prison where they simply are turned into more violent criminals, we send them to work without wages for a period of time relative to their crime.

Is this a wacky idea? 




 I mean this as a friendly question, but this sub is so diverse that I was curious what the general consensus was.

Are you TR? (TR=Truly Reformed; Strictly Confessional, Old School, Strict Regulative Principle of Worship, Cessationist, Not a broad Evangelical, Hodge-ian) 

If you don't fit into these categories, what is the definition of *Reformed* according to your systematic theology?

[Helpful Link](http://theaquilareport.com/the-six-tr-points/)

P.S. I'm TR. 




 What are your thoughts on birth control? Should Christians use it? Which kinds are restricted?
What about artificial fertilization programs, surrogacy and the like? 




 How strictly do you observe the Sabbath?

What are your thoughts on Sabbath observance? 




 I want to join one, but can't decide which community is best.

Not beer advocate. The ratings seem soo amateur..

I'm really leaning towards Beer Citizen.

Any others? 









 Other than a good beer selection (which is a given).

In my town, there are *zero*. Everywhere only has the typical adjunct "party beers". I usually just buy my beer to drink at home. But I'm going on a road trip soon, and I'm looking to visit some good bars on the way. I want to know what qualities I should look for to determine whether a bar is worthwhile before I spend too much time/money without the best experience? 




 I've only been to two. Both weren't exceptional. The food was great, but the beers were average (still better than adjunct lagers). The concept is interesting to me though. Reminds me of old medieval taverns where the local tavern keeper brewed their own beer.

Anyways, what has your experience been? 




 "Let us therefore hold it for certain and firmly established that the soul can do without everything except the word of God, without which none at all of its wants are provided for. But, having the word, it is rich and wants for nothing, since that is the word of life, of truth, of light, of peace, of justification, of salvation, of joy, of liberty, of wisdom, of virtue, of grace, of glory, and of every good thing. It is on this account that the prophet in a whole Psalm (Psalm cxix.) and in many other places, sighs for and calls upon the word of God with so many groanings and words.

Again, there is no more cruel stroke of the wrath of God than when He sends a famine of hearing His words (Amos viii. 11), just as there is no greater favour from Him than the sending forth of His word, as it is said, "He sent His word and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions" (Psalm cvii. 20). Christ was sent for no other office than that of the word; and the order of Apostles, that of bishops, and that of the whole body of the clergy, have been called and instituted for no object but the ministry of the word."

~ Martin Luther, *Concerning Christian Liberty*

P. S. I don't know if this sub is a fan of quotations, but this one hit me while I was reading the aforementioned work. 




 What beer related bucket-list items do you want to accomplish before you die?

Mine follows:

1. Drink a pint of Guinness in a Dublin pub. (Which Dublin pub is the best?)

2. Drink *Calvinus* which is brewed only in Geneva.

3. Drink at the Wittenberg brewpub in Wittenberg Germany.

4. Visit all of the Belgian Trappist breweries. 




 I've heard Guinness is better from the tap. I like their stout (the import version). I was just curious is tap Guinness kegged with nitrous? 




 Me, I like traditional beer styles. Stouts are my favorites, and I also love the traditional ale styles. I rarely ever try cutting edge, innovative, or nontraditional styles (odd combinations/ingredients, hard liquor in beer etc) beers. They just don't interest me. Plus, with all the stouts out there to try, I have enough on my to-drink list! About as nontraditional as I typically go is something like a peanut butter milk stout.

What about you? How often do you venture into the new styles of the beer world?

Edit; sorry about the spelling mistake in the title. I cannot type well on a tablet. 




 I love watching YouTube beer reviews. I'm a big fan of *The Albino Rhino* and *Chadz* beer reviews. I'm looking for other quality reviewers. 

Who do y'all recommend? 




 I'm gonna be honest. I do the unthinkable... sometimes, I drink Budweiser. Now I usually drink craft beer. But sometimes, is there anything wrong with just drinking a cold one the same way you'd drink a coke? 

Sometimes my more snobby craft beer friends hate on my for drinking Bud or Yuengling while watching the game or barbequing. The fact is, when I'm doing those things I intend on drinking more than six beers, and drinking them easily. I'm not drinking them for complexity etc.

anyways, how do you feel about the snobbier side of craft beer? Do you avoid macro's at all times?  









 I'm just curious what the various approaches are. Do you have a regular time for family worship (devotions)? What do you do during that time?

Our family does every night. We open with a psalm or hymn, then we will read either a question from the Larger Catechism or the Heidelberg. Afterwards we will get into whatever we are studying. Sometimes we go through a book of the bible, sometimes we explore a particular topic, sometimes we use a book or other material (notably Paul Miller's material). We usually close with prayer time for various and sundry requests. Though we don't have kids yet, when we do we are considering using the New City Catechism. 









 It is very hard for me to choose, but if I had to narrow it down it would be a toss up between Thomas Watson, Thomas Brookes, and Samuel Rutherford.

1.  Watson's *Art of Divine Contentment* was phenomenal.
2. Brookes's *Precious Remedies Against Satan's Devices* has probably had more of an impact on my walk than any other book.
3. Rutherford's *Letters* taught me a lot about compassion, and still provide a continual source of comfort and pastoral encouragement when I am away from home.

What about y'all? 









 Consuming alcoholic beverages, yay or nay?

As for myself I'm all for them in moderation. I believe beer is one of God's greatest physical gifts.  




 I recently started reading Chomsky for the first time. Up to this point I've never paid much attention to him, instead favoring more Rothbardian authors. Now that I've read him, he seems...inconsistent. How can someone who supports liberty, anarchy even, support the welfare state and the UN? Am I missing something? 









 The only responses everyone is throwing out are;
1. Gun Control - obviously a bad idea. I shouldn't even have to expound on why.
2. Lock away mentally unstable folks who "seem" violent. - Another obviously idiotic and oppressive idea.

What are some common sense ways to approach this subject without violating liberty? 









 I'm looking for something quirky, with realistic characters and great relationship development. Something similar to "Tell the wolves I'm home" by Carol Rifka Brunt (which I just finished and *adored*).  




 They can, apparently digest the wood pretty well, and consume it at a rate of 361.9237001 cubic centimeteres per animals per day according to the "Annals of Improbable Research".(1995) 




 Just curious how offer y'all contact your representatives?  














 Obviously not a question for anarchists, but do you think secession is legal? If so, under what circumstances is it legal? 









 There's a lot of interesting/high quality ones out there, and I love collecting them. What's the most interesting one in your collection? 




 Hey y'all, forgive me if this is a super amateur question, but I'm studying for my tech license and thinking about putting a 2m in my car for my first radio.

My question is, what antenna do you use? Do you use the default antenna on your car? If so, how do you connect it to the radio? 




 When he lost to Santino, Sandow's outburst seemed legit to me, they sure seemed to avoid acknowledging it happenef 









 I'm 21, planning on opening a Roth IRA target date fund. I've narrowed my choices down to either Vanguard, Charles Schwab, or T. Rowe Price. I'm leaning towards Vanguard. What do y'all think? 









 Originally, we were founded on the basis of the Articles of Confederation, until some of the federalists had their say. It seems to me the AoC established a more decentralized government. Do you think we should have stayed under it? If so, how would America look today? 









 I am a buy and hold investor, how exactly does an ETF work, and what can it do for me? 














 I'm 21 years old, trying to start my long term investment vehicle. I'm seriously considering a Roth IRA because of the tax benefits. (I am sure my tax bracket is lower now than it will be when I retire). I've heard a lot lately about Indexed Life Insurance policies and Annuities. It seems they give you a floor so you won't lose money, and you can withdraw the cash benefit anytime. It seems like flashy smoke and mirrors to me. 
   My question is, what do y'all think? Which investment vehicle performs better, and is likely to leave me in a better position at retirement? 




 Stick with me and you'll go places. 




 Because young men need good role models that spend time with them. 














 It has been explored in a variety of SciFi books/series, but what way do you think it would happen? Through radio? Physical contact? 

I tend to think radiowaves are probably the most likely way they would make contact. Our radio signals are easily picked u and clearly signify intelligent life, and would be one of the first thing a scout would notice about our planet. It makes sense that they would try to contact us through this medium. What do y'all think? 




 I know I know, wacky topic. Just thought I'd throw it out there. Has anyone you've known experienced electronic voice phenomenon? Do you think it is possible for paranormal stuff to be on the radiowaves? 
























 I have a few questions about who y'all think are the best pitchers currently in the MLB?

1. Who is the best all around pitcher in the league?

2. Who is the most diverse pitcher in the league? (Pitcher with biggest and best developed arsenal)

3. Who is the best technician? (Pitcher with a mastery of a single pitch) 




 I'm currently out of the country and I'm using the utwente WebSDR for some listening. Unfortunately, I've never used a waterfall display before, and I'm not sure how to read it. Are the lighter lines radio waves? 




 What are the major differences between the three groups? 














 I'm specifically interested in the fashion/lifestyle of the country side of rockabilly. I love Hank William's fringed suits, pearl snaps, and twang. Are there any websites/resources that deal with this subgenre of the lifestyle at all?  









 I'm currently out of the US, and last night was listening to my Grundig shortwave, I picked up an odd signal for someone who said "this is Oscar the engineer" like three times before the signal got too bad. Odd thing is, I've heard the same transmission before while I was in the states and thought nothing of it. Does anyone know who Osacr the Engineer is?? I know it is a longshot, but I thought I'd ask yall 




 I know several times throughout his career Tesla claimed to have recieved raidiowave transmissions from Mars. Does anyone know of a book/resource that further elaborates on the story behind this? 




 I'm currently out of the US, and last night was listening to my Grundig shortwave, I picked up an odd signal for someone who said "this is Oscar the engineer" like three times before the signal got too bad. Odd thing is, I've heard the same transmission before while I was in the states and thought nothing of it. Does anyone know who Osacr the Engineer is?? I know it is a longshot, but I thought I'd ask yall 




 Please explain how baseball stats work? Batting average, and other percentages? 









 Whether hamming, dxing, or local listening there are all sorts of oddities that happen over the airwaves. What is the oddest thing you have ever heard? 









 I've heard of units doing this. Has anyone experienced it firsthand? What's your opinion of it? 



















 Hey y'all, come check out /r/twang/ for a healthy dose of Hank, Jones, Waylon, and new artists keeping the old-school style alive 



















 I'm currently far away from my shortwave set for a while, and was curious if any of y'all listened to pirate/foreign stations online? If so, which ones are the most interesting? 




 I really love good biographies. And I love classical music! Have any of y'all read a great composer biography that you really enjoyed? 




 Specifically one dealing with the philosophy of work/work ethic, a history of blue collar work,  sociopolitical aspects of blue collar work, etc... Can anyone help me out? 




 There were many composers who wrote deliciously melancholy pieces, but on the whole who do you think captures this emotion best? Also, which work by your suggested composer exemplifies this emotion best?

My answer would be Chopin. His melancholy pieces are among my favorites. I think his "Prelude in e minor" or perhaps "Nocturne in C# minor" best exemplify what I mean. 









 I'm not talking how-to books, or electrical books, but history books. The only two I've read so far are 

Hello everybody! The dawn of American Radio by Anthony Rudel 
 
And

Empire of the Air: The Men Who Made Radio by Tom Lewis.

Any more suggestions? 









 I know, odd request. I'm looking for either a history/nonfiction book about early country music (1930's to 1960's) or some good biographies of early country musicians. 




 I know, odd request. I'm looking for either a history/nonfiction book about early country music (1930's to 1960's) or some good biographies of early country musicians.  




 As a book lover my local library is one of my favorite places. In fact, I prefer my local library to my local bookstore. I think libraries stand as bastions against the overwhelming illiteracy of our culture. What about y'all? 

1. Is your library well stocked?

2. Are the librarians helpful?

3. How frequently do you go to your local library?

4. Are you involved in any programs put on my your local library?

5. Do you donate to your local library? 




 Which online book review social media site is the favorite here at /r/books? 




 Do any of y'all find yourself using a unique phrase one of your previous NCO's used? Some of the best NCO's I've ever had possessed a hilarious command of the English language. They could make a chewing out unforgettable. What are some of y'alls favorites? 




 Hey y'all, I'm trying to find the new 2015 board questions online somewhere, but I keep finding the old ones. Can some on help me out? 




 From any medium? I gotta say I really hate the one from Dark Knight Trilogy. It lacks the classy feel of the classic batmobile for me. Believe it or not, my favorite was the one from the cheesy Adam West TV show. What about y'all? 




 I think I'm in the minority here, but I really hated the artwork in TLH. ...  














 The guy loses more matches than anyone else I can think of. Completely uninteresting. All he ever does in go into the ring to get beat up.. 









 I listen to the Tom Woods show regularly, and I'm looking for more libertarian or even an/cap radio shows/podcasts. Can y'all help? 












































 I know it's an odd question, but my favorite characters have always been the tinkerers/mechanics. I love the guys who play with cool scifi toys, keeping even the most junky stuff running long past its prime. Can anyone think of good novels somehow related to this theme? 



















 Hi y'all, I'm pretty new to amateur radio. I've only built a few crystal sets, and am just now getting into tube radios. I am curious about trying to build a simple homemade transmitter. What types of transmitters are the simplest for home build? 









 I'm looking for some libertarian imagery to incorporate into a tattoo. Maybe y'all could help? Specifically something I can incorporate into an old school style tat. All I've come up with so far is somehow using the Guy Fawkes mask (and I know he wasn't libertarian so don't even go there). Any ideas? Something that'll make a statement? 









 I know it's a huge selection, but fantasy is chock full of magical swords, staffs, wands, and other enchanted goodies each with their own characteristics. Often I find that the props become characters themselves. So If you had to pick a personal arsenal, what items would you have in it?  




 What's your favorite vehicle of any kind from SciFi? Or, what SciFi vehicle do you think plays such a big part in the story that it becomes a character itself?

I love the Ecto-1 from Ghostbusters, and of course the Serenity from Firefly. 




 Back in the day, Kane could barely speak. He was strange and awesome. Then he became a well spoken suit. How did that happen? 




 In honor of easter, what's your favorite easter egg/eggs in a comic book? I know many writers are fond of putting symbols/ spoilers in their comics, what are the best you've found? 




 I've never really read many Dark Horse titles, and I'm looking to try something new. So help me out, where do I start? 





























 If we were all defined by our extremists, I reckon we would be in quite a pickle. KKK members and white supremacists certainly aren't the norm in our faith, just like extremists aren't the norm in yours.

I was in Afghanistan. I have seen firsthand the difference between radicals, and everyday Muslims. I still do not understand why so many are so willing to propogate some kind of "new crusades". 




 I found conviction in my beliefs by finding conviction in His word. I have never had any experience of God. No feelings, no eerie emotions. I do believe his word because he has, by grace, enabled me to believe it.  




 Hello, Afghanistan veteran here.

I am curious to know whether you think the war/military intervention has made Iraq better or worse, from personal experience?

1. How has the country changed since Saddam's regime fell, in your personal experience?

2. How has U.S. intervention affected you personally?

3. What are your opinions about the war and the soldiers who fought it? 




 I think they are basically the same thing as Tacoma's in the U.S  









 Ah, toyota hilux's. I haven't seen one of those since Afghanistan. 




 As a Reformed Presbyterian I would answer the question by saying we do not have free will. Our will is limited in scope and ability. 

Yes, I believe in predestination. 




 Reason is not a conservative publication. 









 I am in the Army. I spend varying lengths of time away from my wife, from days at a time to over a year. Sometimes we can skype, sometimes call, we have written letters, sometimes we cannot talk for weeks at a time.  









 Maybe you missed the news breaking that our government has been actively spying on us... 









 1984 is amazing. Be prepared to realize you are living right in the middle of it. 




 Good night.. I love how they always justify it with "every other developed country has hate speech laws". If our neighbors hate liberty, so must we! 




 It puts the fragility of life into perspective. Though I am only in my twenties, the attitude of bullettproof youth is all gone. Experiences like that tend to make you grow up quickly too. I think I am more mature than many of my civilian peers because I have come to realize the things most of them think are important, are not important at all. 




  "You give them credibility when you silence yourself,"

Now that is what I am talking about. 









 *To Kill A Mockingbird* taught me what true masculinity should look like, what meekness was, and how courageous it was to stand up for lost causes. It taught me that justice is not dependent on what our peers think it is. Atticus Finch is still my role model. One day, if we have a son, my wife and I have agreed to name him Atticus. 









 I was in Afghanistan at 22. Watched a friend die up close. 

I would say that whole experience has shaped and defined me in a way not much else could. 




 Bring them a gift. Donuts or coffee.

BTW, I wish I could meet them. I am a soldier. I would love to give them a cup of coffee and tell them I recognize and respect their humanity, even if they do not respect mine. 




 **Countries I have felt safe in** 

* U.S. 

* Romania

* Canada

* Turkey

**Countries I have felt unsafe in**

* Afghanistan

 




 Adidas and Puma were started by rival brothers. Both brothers were diehard nazis. Both companies contributed to clothing the nazis. 




 I am a soldier. Yes, absolutely fulfilling. I get sent to crapholes all around the world, work retarded hours, gripe and complain about every minute of it. But I would not trade it for the world.
 




 I love MC Lars's stuff. He is a English geek who became a hip hop artist, using hip-hop to teach literature.

[Here](http://youtu.be/1ucYtOk_8Qo) is his TEDx talk entitled *The hip-hop of Shakespeare*

And [here](http://youtu.be/lR7NmXdEMCg) is one of my favorite songs by him, an adaptation of Poe's *Annabel Lee* into hip-hop.

Be forewarned, he is quirky as hell. 




 [This interview](http://youtu.be/qzKzu86Agg0) by ReasonTV with Mike Rowe on the high cost of college.


And [this poem by Jesse Parent](http://youtu.be/KcIwZ1Dth0c) entitled "To The Boys Who May One Day Date My Daughter" 




 [*FRESH*](http://www.freshthemovie.com) really made me think about where my food is coming from. As a result, I try to be more conscious about how my food was made. 

Plus it introduced me to Joel Salatin and his ideas, who is now one of my heroes. 




 There really is not a quick way to earn money. The best bet is to pick up an extra job and pay it off chunk by chunk. It may take awhile, but it is the only stable solution. 




 And the statists call our economics "magical". 









 Nobody at your unit can help you. You have to talk to your branch manager.  




 They pay the service provider to air their ads because that exposes their product to a large group of consumers.

Paying the consumers directly to watch an ad to convince them to buy the product is an incredibly roundabout and expensive way of doing it. It would cost a huge sum of money to reach the amount of people just one ad on a regular television program reaches.  




 Some of it has to do with the fact that places like Thailand have extremely unregulated sex workers. If you were looking for things that were frowned upon by developed society (age) you would obviously go somewhere where there is not a ton of regulation of that market. 




 Some denominations continued using wine, and the producers of sacramental wine were able to get exemptions.

Other denominations who were at the head of the prohibitionist movement switched to using grape juice. One of the fellows who started Welch's grape juice company was a vehement advocate for teetotaling, and tried to advocate for grape juice being used at the communion table. 

That divide still exists today. Many of the more fundamentalist Christian denominations who advocate teetotalism use grape juice instead of wine at the Table. 




 Tom Cruise or Steve Carell. Both classy and hilarious guys. 

I hate late night shows like Letterman, but anytime either of those gentlemen are guests I have to tune in. 




 Left Hand Brewing's Nitro Milk Stout. 




 There is nothing wrong with this. Joining the military is an act of voluntary association. You agree to their rules. 

I agree with ending the drug war, but if an employer includes restricting drug use in an employment contract, and you agree to that contract, you are held to that contract. 




 Awesome! Our library staff here on Fort Drum is incredible. 




 That is the point of stand up comedy. If they got up there and gave accurate, totally unexaggerated representations of the people in their lives, it would not be funny at all. So they exaggerate, make stereotypes, and *make jokes*. 




 Not a librarian, but I just wanted to say I have a tremendous amount of respect for y'all. No matter where I have lived (literally all over as a military servicemember) the local library has always welcomed me with open arms. I think data and information management is such a ncessity in a developed society. Folks do not know how important y'all are.


So thank you! 




 With steak.

Because I am a man. 




 Because you are a gigolo who takes working lunches? 




 Ah, I see. Is it British slang? 




 Fine. I joined the Army. I am originally from South Alabama, they moved me to Northern New York. I have learned to like it though. Been here three years, became very active in the community, have friends, still miss boiled peanuts. 




 Tobacco pipe smoking. 




 Could you explain what a sarnie is? 




 **OP**

1. I am in the Army. I work in a motorpool helping maintain trucks. 

2. I bring an old green stanley lunchbox with me to work everyday. It is usually filled with a bar of lava soap, moonpies or little debbie cakes, two sandwiches (usually bologna or salami on white bread), chips or a small green thermos of soup, and a can of coca-cola. I also bring a gallon jug of sweet tea that I consume throughout the work day and whatever book I am currently reading.  I get about an hour lunch break. I scrub my hands, sit down in my office, and eat at a back desk, taking my time.

3. I usually use my lunchbreak to either listen to a podcast (either *This American Life*, *How Stuff Works*, or *Planet Money*), or reading a bit of whatever book I am currently working on. After my break I am usually energized to finish the rest of the day (which tends to be long). 




 1. What is your vocation?

2. Describe a typical workday lunch ritual for you.

3. Do you use your lunch break for anything other than quickly scarfing down substinence? 




 She paints, makes crafts, volunteers at our local USO, volunteers for the military family readiness group, and teaches classes to new Army wives. 




 A Maglite. 

A large bag of marshmallows.

A thermos of coffee.

Emma Stone.

 




 Because I do not go to parties. And if I did, they would not be parties with dancing. They would probably be scrabble parties. Or maybe jeapordy parties. Perhaps I would even get crazy and attend one of my book club's parties. But never *ever* a dancing party. 




 Does humanity have a good track record when it comes to reacting peacefully to people who are different than them? 




 It depends on how quickly the state were dismantled. 

The first step is to stop forcing people to pay into Social Security in the first place. 














 Samwise sounded more like Spock. 




 You listed many pros, but I think you forgot a con.

There is the possibility you would see Hillary naked one day. Think about that for a minute.


 




 Emma Stone. 

[Obvious reasons](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/gPc3h) 




 Most religious people have absolutely no problem talking about sex. 
. 




 Firefly. 




 I am not with it at all. I don't really like pop culture, so I just kind of ignore it. 




 Not exactly. Ukraine is a totally seperate country. Ukraine was a part of the USSR, but when the USSR dissolved Ukraine won independence.

Now Crimea, which was a small state within Ukraine, has voted to leave Ukraine and annex to Russia. Ukraine is still a totally seperate nation though. 




 Yeah, I still have no clue either. It seems totally bogus to me, whatever it was. 




 Welding. If you get certified, you can bring in some serious side hustle.  




 Nothing unbelievably. All of my skills are quite believable.

 




 Are you asking for Australians to comment on their favorite American foods, or are you an Australian who wishes for Americans to comment on their favorite American foods? 




 Afghanistan has to be on the list. 

I was there. The mountains are breathtaking. They have a rich and multifaceted culture that has been hijacked by religious extremism. Their economy, liberty, human rights etc are awful. 




 Basically I am asking how important you think it is to work a vocation that is totally your dream, as opposed to learning a skill you love some parts of and dislike other parts of. 

Weigh in, how do you approach the idea of vocational fulfillment? 




 I just finished the episode, and I was floored by how sucked into this stuff people get.. Normal people leaving their jobs for a get rich scheme.. I dunno, it really surprised me. 




 What are some examples of market economies in which individuals were close to totally free markets, and those markets worked?

I am just looking for tangible examples of laissez faire working. Can y'all help? 




 There is not one value. Mature and responsible manhood is a combination of various attributes. 




 My workshop. I have a minifridge stocked with craft beer. The walls are decorated with various tin signs, beer neons, gun and ammuniton ads. My tools are laid around, but not in a disorganized way. Unfinished projects, currently a bookshelf, lie on the other half. I have a lived in recliner I picked up from a garage sale over by the minifridge.  




 Bootcamp will be the easiest part of your military career. Do not be an individual. Blend in, be quiet, do not stand out and you will be fine.

Remember, when you get to your first unit, nobody will give a shit how good you were in boot camp. So just get through it.  




 Probably a pavlovian effect created by years of advertising.

In other words, you have been programmed to react that way by years of watching someone drink coke on televison and making that sound. 

If you are unfamiliar with classical conditioning [this Wikipedia article](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_conditioning) explains it. 




 It is hard to explain. Each department has a lot of independence. They are not exactly in the same chain of command. More like several cooperating entities with their own chains of command. 




 Kind of. They have different roles. If a crime happens within the city, and is confined to the city, it is usually the local PD who takes care of it. If it is a county wide thing, a crime involving several cities, or outside of city limits, the Sheriff will usually handle it. If it js a statewide thing, or something on state land, the troopers get it. 

That being said, there is a ton of cooperation between departments. There is also conflict. Sometimes Sheriff's and Deputies overstep their bounds in city limits, and vice versa. It is a more organic relationship.  




 Sheriff's Dept. is the *county* police forcr, local PD's are the *city's* police force, and State Troopers are the *state's* police force.
 




 What if there were a travel show in which the host visited notable libraries around the world? The Vatican Library,The Library of Congress, The Admont Library etc. There could even be episodes where famous authors take the host to their favorite libraries. Along the way the host could comment on notable rare books, library histories, ways in which libraries have contributed to their local communities, and other things. 

I mean c'mon people, we have a travel show called *Booze Traveller*, but we cannot make a good travel show about books? 




 *Das Kapital* is on my reading list, I have been a little intimidated by it though, it is quite the beast. 




 Well they would if they were communists. But they are not. 


China is communist in the same way the U.S. is capitalist, i.e. not at all. Do you believe the U.S. is an actual capitalist country? No. We are a mixed economy. We are a hybrid of semi-free markets and government intervention. China, N. Korea etc are the same way. They started out totally communist. Now they are hybrid states, centralized totalitarian authority states mixed with some form of limited market economy. 




 This makes literally zero sense. Marx and Engels's *Communist Manifesto* is the founding document of Communism. 




 Dry ice. Nitrogen cooling. Both would cool your items very quickly. 




 Yes I am aware. But obviously other nations have nuclear weapons. If we were a stateless society, how could we protect ourselves from other nations with nuclear weapons. 




 I am a pretty staunch libertarian, strong advocate for decentralization, and near ancap. I have a few reservations though. Perhaps y'all could help me.

1. What happens to nukes in Ancapistan? Obviously worldwide anarchism is not going to happen overnight, so even if the U.S. becomes a voluntary society, Russia, China etc will still have powerful weapons, and might seek to take advantage of what they see as a vulnerable situation. How do we as a society of individuals protect ourselves against these weapons? Also, what happens to the nukes the U.S government owns once it disbands?

2. Along those lines, how does a voluntary society protect itself from a sadistic individual obtaining a WMD? Say someone gets the money and ability to buy a powerful weapon. How do we stop him from killing thousands?

3. If the U.S. government disbanded, do you not see it as likely that another nation would try to use coercive force to take over? How could we possibly arm ourselves well enough to prevent that without a professional military.


These are just a few of my reservations. I definitely think liberty wins, and that ancap ideals can be implemented over a small scale, but I have a really hard time seeing it as a large scale option... 




 Gerbils, hamsters, ferrets, guinea pigs... all domesticated rodents. 




 I agree with what you are saying. Leftist descriptors are mostly slurs nowadays. Some libertarians do not understand the ideas behind leftist philosophy. This coming from a diehard capitalist.  




 I obviously disagree with them on fundamental issues, but the ignorance of many Americans about Socialism and Communism really bugs me. 


 









 Can someone recommend some libertarian debate videos? Anything liberty-related. 









 Can someone give me an easy explanation of the differences between socialist anarchism and anarcho-syndicalism? 




 Hey y'all. 

I am an active duty soldier nearing the end of my enlistment. I am seriously considering the railroad as a post-military career. Maybe y'all can help me with some questions.

1. I am currently a shop supply specialist. I oversee the order of parts for the motorpool, schedule services, keep track of inventory etc. A lot of supply and maintenance management. How do these skills translate into railroading?

2. Are the hours as bad as I hear? Being in the military has gotten me used to long hours, being away from my family, but I have heard many horror stories about railroading. 

3. How are the benefits? 
 




 I know y'all probably get a lot of these posts. I am sorry! 

I am interested in podcasts about 

Libertarianism

Art and literature

History

Social issues

Travel

Science fiction and fantasy


  




 As the title says I am an avowed laissez faire capitalist libertarian looking to engage some socialists respectfully. I have some honest questions, I am not trying to argue or pick a fight, just looking for a civil conversation.

1. What do you think the biggest misconceptions are about socialism?

2. What is your opinion as a full socialist about mixed economies (like the U.S) where the market is neither totally free or totally socialist?

3. Do you see any difference between laissez faire capitalism and crony capitalism?

4. What books or media would you recommend to me so I can honestly understand the socialist perspective?

5. What would change in the U.S if it became a fully socialist country?

6. What things do people think would change in the U.S. if it were a socialist country, but would actually remain the same. 


Sorry to lump my questions all together, I did not know of a better way. 

Thanks! 




 1. How long have you been a Wobbly/how did you become a Wobbly?

2. What has the IWW done to improve your life?

3. How do IWW members view other consolodated unions? It seems there are many who want "one big union" but they are all fragmented.

4. How has the IWW changed to fit modern workers needs in your opinion?

5. Do you think the IWW is on the decline? 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. How long have you been a Wobbly/how did you become a Wobbly?

2. What has the IWW done to improve your life? 

3. How do IWW members view other consolodated unions? It seems there are many who want "one big union" but they are all fragmented.

4. How has the IWW changed to fit modern workers needs in your opinion?

5. Do you thibk the IWW is on the decline?
 




 I am super obsessed with wanting to try [this](http://buy.rogue.com/rogue-sriracha-hot-stout-beer/). Has anyone here tried it? What is it like? 




 I get the basic idea, I know what Socialism is about, and I know that "libertarian" originally refered to socialists. I still don't get it.

1. Is libertarian socialism any different than regular socialism? How?

2. What the heck is anarcho-socialism about? Isn't the state a fundamental piece in the socialist theory?


Any other info would be great. 









 Hey y'all. I am going to be making a venison roast as the centerpiece for Christmas dinner this year. I am currently thinking about marinating it in red wine and black pepper then roasting it, but I thought I would ask Reddit for tips. Should I go in a different direction? 




 Do you see yourselves as counterculture or antiestablishment in realms of your life other than politics? 









 How much of an effect did the Treaty of Versailles have on the rise of Hitler? If the Treaty were more fair to Germany would the Nazi Party have still been able to take control? 









 Anything related to the labor movement, labor strikes, unionization etc. Books on these topics are pretty hard to find... 




 Worka that deal with political campaigns, political intrigue, fiction geared around politicians etc.  




 Can y'all recommend good fiction set during the Bolshevik Revolution/rise of Soviet Empire? 




 Basically self-explanatory. How much does readership factor into dateability for you? 




 I am looking to broaden my horizons. Please recommend rap/hip-hop for me? 

Something educated. Proper wordsmiths speaking about social issues/important issues. 

Nothing about partying, drugs, sex, etc. None of those things interest me.

I am not tryong to come off abrasive, I am genuinely looking to expand my horizons, but I need substance. 




 If you were to start dating a man who had PTSD
How soon should he tell you? It becomes a core part of the victim's identity.
How big of a factor would PTSD be when deciding whether to continue dating that person?
Do you personally feel that you would be able to date someone you knew from the beginning had PTSD?
There are no wrong answers, I am just curious as to opinions on this issue. Again, this is geared to be about someone you just recently started seeing/barely know yet. 




 If you were to start dating a man who had PTSD
How soon should he tell you? It becomes a core part of the victim's identity.
How big of a factor would PTSD be when deciding whether to continue dating that person?
Do you personally feel that you would be able to date someone you knew from the beginning had PTSD?
There are no wrong answers, I am just curious as to opinions on this issue. Again, this is geared to be about someone you just recently started seeing/barely know yet. 




 Do any of y'all keep a regular journal? If so, what kind? 




 I am an Anglican leaning Presbyterian who wants to implement a greater Advent awareness in my familiy's devotions. We are going to start using the BCP lectionary and Collects. What other things can we implement to deepen our Advent experience? 




 Which beer do you think goes well with Christmas? It does not have to be a seasonal beer necessarily, but any beer that tastes Christmasy to you.

For me it is actually Ommegang Witte. I know many see it as a refreshing summer beer (which it can be) but the spices and fruity overtones fit the holidays for me. 




 I am really into technical artwork, mechanical blueprints and cutaway art of machinery. Is there anywhere on the web I can gorge on scifi pics of imagined machines? 














 I think most of us feel the Army has made our lives better in some way. I am curious what life skills y'all would say the Army/deployment have given you? What specific ways have the Army made you a better person? 




 Putting together a playlist for a long ride, and I am curious what are some of y'alls favorite road trip songs? 




 For example, parents who leave children in hot cars, feeding kids horrible food and contributing to major health problems etc.

If so, is there a solution? 




 Honestly I was disappointed.. It was not content. I loved the idea, background, and setting. I think it was style. It was too short, too quick.. I barely had interaction with the setting, characters, or background. The "hook" was done poorly I thought. Things like that have to be done with subtlety, especially in short stories. It needed more buildup, more subtle shifting towards the two possible outside worlds..


**TL;DR** - Great idea, great setting, would have been better reworked as a novel with more time and depth. Barely three stars. 




 New guy here trying to get into GP. Please inform me?

Also, where does AMA Road racing and flat track racing fit into the picture? Is the AMA Road racing series completely unrelated to GP?  




 Does anyone know how I can find detailed technical manuals/drawings of various models of bikes? Is there a consolidated resource like this? 




 Just curious if any of y'all keep a journal for tobacco? I have been smoking pipes for a few years now, and I love trying new blends. I usually annotate the characteristics of new things I try, along with what kind of pipe I used, if I paired it with a beer or bourbon etc..

If you do keep a pipe/tobacco journal what layout do you use? 




 Can y'all give me some suggestions? I love vintage sound, I love pedal steel and old school sound engineering. I also like some more cowpunkish stuff. 

I love Nikki Lane, Justin Townes Earle, Willie Nelson, Haggard, Hank III's traditional stuff, and Jamey Johnson among others. 









 I am curious to learn more about liberty mindfulness in the Democratic Party.

1. Who were some liberty minded Democrats of the past?

2. Are there any liberty minded Democrats today?

3. What were some historic stands that Democrats took for liberty? 




 I am in a rented apartment, and rather than pay the exorbitant repair fee to the landlord, I figured I would just spackle it up and paint it myself. The issue is that my walls have textured paint, something like orange peel, and I do not know how to replicate the texture. Can someone offer advice? The scratches are not huge, and I just need to blend them in to the rest of the wall. 




 1. What is the general opinion amongst Marxists regarding Lenin?

2. Were the RSFSR and subsequent USSR successful communist systems? Are they good examples of what most modern day communists would like to see Capitalist countries imitate? 




 Do communist refute self ownership? How do communists view the relationship between an individual and his own self? 




 1. Did the TechnoCore remind anyone else of Asimov's MultiVac?

2. Did anyone else think Brawne Lamia came off sounding annoyingky similar to a 50's noir pulp-fiction detective character?

All in all it was a great book. 




 This sub is full of recommendations for *The Name of The Wind*. It's been on my TR list for a long time, but after hearing all the hype I moved it to the top of my list. I was very disappointed. Kvothe was really unbelievable for me. He was just too flawless. The magic system seemed heavily borrowed from Earth sea. I didn't hate it, I'm actually really interested to read the new book about Auri (the underthing was my favorite part) but the book only got three stars from me. 




 What are some good SF F websites to browse? I'm interested in SF F news, commentary, artwork, etc anything SF F related really.

What are the best places to check out? 




 What are some good SF F websites to browse? I'm interested in SF F news, commentary, artwork, etc anything SF F related really.

What are the best places to check out? 
























 They are not a representation of biblical Christianity. They are extremists. 




 I do not believe in free will. 




 For the record, I think all of us can agree Sean Hannity is a moron. 

My advice; relax. If you really want to make a difference and spread ideas of liberty, you are going to have to have a ton of ammunition. Keep reading. Read Rothbard, read Hayek, read Hazlitt and even Ron Paul. Forget about what your teachers and classmates think, keep thinking for yourself. 









 I am a Creationist.

I am just not a literal six day creationist.
  
I believe humans do not evolve arbitrarily, but were created by God to obey his law.

Edit; grammar. 




 I only keep books I believe add value to my library. Not every author is Reformed, or even orthodox (I have some of Barth's stuff, Kierkregard, Erasmus etc) but I do not tend to even bother with fluffy stuff. 

 




 I read several books more than once. 

I read *To Kill A Mockingbird* yearly.  




 A stereotype based on Germans historically being seen as regimented and serious. (i.e the Prussians and the Nazi's)

Also a stereotype based on their language, which is perceived as harsh/serious. 




 **For Shaving**

* Mitchell's Wool Fat shaving soap. Smells wonderful, and leaves me without razor bumbs. Creates a very good lather. I use a badger hair shave brush and straight razor. 

* Captain's Choice Bay Rum aftershave.

**In the Shower**

* Lava Soap. It contains grit, so it cleans well. My wife loves the smell, and it is easy to take on the go. I use it as body soap and in my hair.

**On The Counter**

* Brylcreem. This stuff holds my hair combed and parted without making it look gross. A real classic.

* Old Spice Classic Deodorant. I have tried the newfangled and fresh smells, but nothing beats the classic. My wife loves the smell more than anything, which is a great bonus.  




 Just curious, what is in your bathroom?

What hygiene products do you use and why? 




 Will give sources when I get home

The worship of Baal and Moloch included child sacrifices. Many scholars believe the worship of Ishtar included (forcible?) temple prostution. Herodotus includes accounts of temple prostitution in his work. 

As a confessional Presbyterian, I do not believe God has changed his message. I do not see a break between the Old and New Testaments. I see the scriptures as one Covenant of Redemption, with various stages of completion. We are simply in a later stage of the plan. The Law still stands but has different implications for us after Christ than before. It has not lost its validation though.


I can go into more detail in a while, once I have gotteb home, and provide better sources if you would like. 




 God called for the death of these pagans as judgment upon them. He was establishing a Kingdom of Righteousness amongst a people of violence and wickedness. He was violently overthrowing their exploitative wicked religions, in order to plant His people in the land. 

The application to today is that God takes idolatry seriously. Although the actions might not carry the same physical ramifications today, God's atttitude about those actions have not changed. 


We are no longer in a time where our world is run by overtly bloodthirsty pagan taskmasters who offer human sacrifices and sexual slavery to their gods. Imagine living under barbarism like that, would you not support the violent overthrow of such a system? 
 




 I agree. There are true libertarians on both sides.  




 They were created by God. I believe in microevolution, that society and civilization has evolved over the years.

I believe the poor sexual morals of humanity throughout history are a testament to man's fallen nature and mutiny against God's law. 




 What makes you appreciate the perspective? 




 Actually, I hold to an Old Earth creationist view. I believe the world is millions of years old.

Don't make assumptions about my belief system. Christianity is a broad and diverse religion with a ton of nuance. 




 I am totally serious. 




 I believe humans were committed for committed relationships.

I am a Christian, and so obviosuly my worldview is rooted in the Christian narrative. 




 God has given us stewardship of the earth. We are responsible for its welbeing. 
 
Ultimately I do believe he is in control, and will not let his creation be utterly destroyed. This does not negste human responsibility though.  




 Hey y'all. I am about a year out from ets, and I am trying to prepare myself for the transition. I am curious to know how it went for y'all?

1. Did you have a hard time transitioning into a good career?

2. Do you enjoy your career?

3. What things might I struggle with after transition?

4. In what ways has your military experience stuck with you?

I gotta be honest, I am pretty scared of the unknown. Scared about finding a good job, and dealing with it all 




 I am sorry, images are covered in the Westminster Larger Catechism. I accidently directed you to the wrong part of our Church Standards.

It is covered in [questions 109 and 110 of the Westminster Larger Catechism](http://opc.org/lc.html)


We do not ban all images, only images of any person of the Godhead. We ban the use of any images in worship, but as far as art goes we are permitted to make images of animals, nature, humans, etc. 




 I believe the proper and moral place of sex is within a committed relationship.

So yes, I do think visiting prostitutes is shameful. 




 [The Westminster Confession of Faith](http://www.reformed.org/documents/wcf_with_proofs/)
 




 I believe the second commandment is clear. 

My confession condemns any representation of any member of the Godhead. 




 Each a violation of the second commandment. 




 No.

I am married. 




 It is heresy. 




 I agree with you 




 Have you ever considered selling them as mail order brides for ISIS? They look just their type. 




 Sure, 

I grew up in the church, my parents raised me in the faith. I never had a "see Jesus moment", it was a progressive and gradual thing. I began to understand my sin-debt, and at some point it all clicked. Christ arrested my heart, and drew me to himself. It was gradual, over many months, my understanding of salvation. I cannot point you to a definite conversion experience, but rather a gradual understanding of the implications of his sacrifice as my substitute. 




 Historically, I believe Constantine was the beginning of the church losing its way. For a long time I believe the true church existed within the Catholic Church, until barely a remnant remained. There were many quasi-reformers before The Reformers. There was much ebb and flow, but the remnant of orthodoxy was nearly snuffed out leading up to the Reformation.

I believe the Reformation was the great recovery of the true church, and the exodus of the true church from a corrupt institution. 




 First, I would kill a human if put in the right scenario. In fact, I have been put in that scenario on more than one occasion. I am totally comfortable with violence.

Second, no, I do not believe a fetus is committing an act of aggression against the mother. *The fetus is not the initiate*, the act of sex was the initiate. If you want to use your homeless man scenario, pregnancy/abortion would be like me going out and finding a homeless man, bringing him into my home (initiating the act) and then murdering him because he is in my home... The fetus does not choose or initiate the act of pregnancy. Therefore, the fetus could never be the aggresor. If violence is taken against the fetus, the mother is the aggressor because she initiated the entrance of the fetus into her womb, and then killed the fetus for being there.
 




 By all means, ask away.

No, neither. I believe the Trinity is a fundamental doctrine of the faith. By the same token I do not believe modalist thought is orthodox either. These are all heresies condemned explicitly by the ancient church councils.

I (and my denomination) would place Unitarians and Mormons even farther in the unorthodox spectrum than RC's. We believe they are heretics outright. (I am not using that as a slanderous term, just a descriptor to explain that we do not believe these groups to be Christian at all). 




 The key word here is *aggression*. Are you familiar with the Non-Aggression Principle?


If someone is trying to kill me, then any violence on my part is not *aggression*, but *self-defense*. 

If someone breaks into my home, they have commited the act of aggression, both by aggressing against my private property, and presenting reasonable threat to my family's wellbeing.

I am not a pacifist by any means. I am a Non-Aggressionist. There is a colossal difference between the two.  




 Most of Protestantism. Obviously there is a spectrum of orthodoxy. I will not be exhaustive here, but painting with a broad brush, the core issues of orthodoxy in my opinion are the five solas. They must be held to for a church to be considered remotely orthodox in my realm of thought.

As a Reformed Presbyterian I obviously share little common ground with RC's theologically.  




 I believe there are Christians in the Catholic church.

I do not accept the Catholic church as a valid representation of orthodox Christian thought though. 




 Not inconsistent with the Christian faith in the sense that believing it makes you a nonchristian. You can, of course believe Mary was a perpetual virgin and still be saved.


It is totally inconsistent with Reformed Christianity though. Luther and Zwingli believed a lot of things that fall outside the boundaries of Reformed thought. 




 I believe if you create life, you are responsible for that life. No matter the circumstances, once life has been created it should *never* be taken in aggression.

That is the fundamental principle. Aggression. If a fetus is a human, then abortion is aggression. 


If there were, somehow, another way to create human life (cloning for example) I would just as adamantly oppose aggression against that created life.

 




 Just because something is poor taste does not mean it should be illegal.


Most of us who support free speech also think discriminatory jokes are tasteless. I for one do not support magazines or organizations that do such things. 

That does not mean they should not be allowed to do them. 




 Most profitable blue collar trades require some skill traini g first. Do not think you are just going to transition from an office job with no trade skills into a profitable and fullfilling blue collar job easily.

That being said, there are a ton of great opportunities out there for guys willing to learn. Welding, pipefitting, electrical work, plumbing.. all of these jobs can be very profitable. 

My suggestion would be as follows

1. Do not quit your job until you are ready to transition into your new career.

2. Look up labor statistics for your area. Get in contact with local labor unions. Figure out what blue collar jobs are in demand in your area. Sometimes the profitability of a blue collar career can change dramatically from city to city.

3. Once you figure out some options, figure out how to get certified in that trade. Most trade unions have trade school type programs. Votech schools also are a viable option. These things are not always very expensive.

There is a huge market for skilled blue collar labor out there, but do not let your desire for another kind of career drive you to jump ahead of yourself. 




 If the mother does not want a baby, she should not have unprotected sex.

We all know that pregnancy is the natural consequence of unprotected sex. Nobody is confused about what happens. Once you participate in unprotected sex, and a child is concieved, you cannot blaim the child for natural consequence. 

Sex is an act that is by definition, the creation of life. Once you create an individual, you do not have the right tk aggress against that individual.  




 Thank you! 




 Yes, if you are a pregnant woman you own your body. But you do not own the fetus's body. The fetus has every amount of self ownership you do. 




 Last week. I eat bologna on wonder bread often. I take them to work, alternating between bologna on white bread and salami on rye. I am a simple man. 




 Not quite that cut and dry. He introduced the Sanctity of Life Act 2005, 2007, 2009, and 2011which would have defined a fetus as a human being with full rights at the federal level.

He has commented that he believes such matters are best handled at a statr level, but he is adamantly pro-life, supporting pro-life legislation. In 2000 and 2003 he supported a federal ban on partial birth abortions. 

He is a huge voice against abortion, showing no support for an individual's "right" to abortion. He just thinks the matter should be handled on the state level 




 I would say I dress in a way that works for me.

I keep my hair short, and combed. I wear mostly button up shirts and pearl snaps. I always tuck my shirts in. I make sure everything is well ironed. I never wear tennis shoes, typically I wear either my cowboy boots or brown leather wingtips.. I wear a lot of seersucker, cardigans, and bow ties.

My style is mostly affected by the culture I grew up in (deep south) and the military culture I spent most of my young man days in (well ironed, tucked in shirts, combed short hair, etc) 




 No. Because I own my body. That is the fundamental premise of libertarianism. 




 How do you deal with feeling burnt out?.. I am getting real jaded about being in, I am tired of the bullshit, and honestly just do not wanna do it anymore..


I am about 12 months out from ETS, and I do not think I am gonna do it again. How do I adjust my attitude in the meantime? 




 Because those of us who are pro-life libertarians believe a fetus is a human, and therefore abortion violates the non-aggression principle. The moment a fetus is concieved, we believe he has the right to life, like any other human. 




 I am looking for anyone who is or has been involved with prison librarianship.  




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. In what ways have you seen the library program improve prison conditions?

2.  What made you want to work in your prison's library? Tell your story.

3.  How big of a percentage of your prison reads regularly?

4.  What are some things you wish outsiders knew about prison libraries?

5. Tell me any stories/experiences of your prison library enriching or bettering someone's life? 




 Granted, it is not high on my list of important government reform. It would be a future goal, to keep the state totally out of speech laws. 




 First, I am not naive enough to assume that a world of total liberty will be perfect. There will be injustice. But there is injustice now! I believe there would be less injustice if people were more free. 


Libertarianism is not a solution, it is an alternative. An alternative which I believe to be the best alternative with the least amount of oppression. There is no possible way to eliminate all badness in the world. 

I think people have generally done a good job in the past looking to outside sources to make informed consumer decisions. Sure, there are dumb consumers who just buy things for their logo, but there are a lot more people to use information to become a knowledgeable consumer. 




 Fight terrorist morons. 


I also volunteer at my local library.


 




 I think in the absence of such laws, we would see consumer watchdog agencies spring up which can effectually combat such a thing. The business owner who felt slandered could ask the watchdog group look into the matter, the watchdogs would then release info stating that the product was actually quite legal and the owner of the other business was lying. At which point the other business would lose profit because of their dishonesty and dirty marketing. And the slandered business would likeley gain more business.


I still do not see such a scenario as terribly realistic. Businesses are not able to steal tons of business from competitors by spewing ungrounded claims. Such claims are easily researched, and tend to be horrible for business once the truth comes out.

It is not as if we do not have businesses lying about other businesses today. And watchdog groups generally do a pretty good job exposing slanderous claims.


The reason I am against slander/libel laws is because speech is terribly subjective. There is not an objective standard. You could claim any number of things were scandalous. I could be telling the truth about your product, and you cover it up so well that I end up getting sued and lose all credibility while you continue with your harmful product. 




 If I am not on your property, you have no say on my actions. Ideally there would be no public roads, they would be privatozed, and such matters could be settled through the market. You could buy shares in the road you live on, and establish conditions for the use of that road. 




 If I am on your property, you can decide what I say.

If I am on my property, I can say what I want when I want. 

In a truly ancap society, there would be no public property. In our current society, I would advocate for zero regulation of speech on public property. If you do not want me speaking on your private property, ban me from your property  




 My answer would be that it is not the state's responsibility to regulate these things. So no.

If you slander or commit libel, there will arise a counterbalance to your speech. An example of this is the internet. The internet is unregulated generally, and there are many false internet myths, and slanderous statements about people. Organizations like snopes have arisen to prove these myths false. That is how libertarians would like to see society function.

Just because speech is free from government intervention, does not mean it is free from blowback. For examlle, if I owned a theatre, I would likely make it a rule that false claims  of fire or disaster are punishable by a permanent ban from the premises. I do not think the "crying fire in a theatre" example is really valid, because it is so unlikely. Such a thing would never happen. And of someone did yell fire, I do not believe people would go screaming for the door with no proof. 



TL;DR;  we want no regulation of speech at all. 




 As a libertarian, I disagree. I do not believe in any regulation of speech. 


Libertarianism is radical like that. 




 What is not true? I explained ot depends on whose perspective the answer is coming from.

As a libertarian, my answer is totally correct. 




 It refers to being able to say, write, or communicate anything you want without censorship or blowback from the government. It does not mean people have to listen to you, or accept your ideas. Ultimately it depends on whose perspective you are coming from.

As a libertarian I believe all speech should be totay free from government regulation. You should be able to say anything and everything you want, whenever you want, without the government stopping you.  




 1. This American Life -An NPR show hosted by Ira Glass. He explores stories on a variety of subjects. Always interesting, unbiased, and colorful.

2. Invisibilia. The first episode just came out. It is an NPR podcast dealing with invisible things like thoughts, morals, beliefs, and the like. Very interesting.

3. Stuff you should know - basically ELI5 in a podcast format. Dealing with everything from freemasonry to communism to Tesla.

4. Planet Money - NPR podcast exploring stories with an economic backdrop. Way more interesting than your typical business news show though.

5. The Tom Woods Show - Libertarian talk show exploring social and political issues.

6. Otherppl- host Brad Listi chats with various authors, poets, and essayists.

7. Evil Librarians- hosts interview various librarians about their library, their job, literacy, and literacy related issues.

8. The Art of Manliness Podcast- discussing a whole host of mens issues from a traditional perspective.



Those are my go to podcasts. Hope you find something you like. 




 Awesome! That sounds like an incredible place. 




 I thought Finn's apartment was a perfect description of my dream house.

Also, the characters were so alive, and different! 




 What is the atmosphere like?

What is the staff like?

What makes your bookshop unique?

 




 I agree! I dunno why this is getting downvoted so much. I thought it was spectacular! 




 You did not really give an option for libertarians on your spectrum. We do not fit on the traditional right wing/left wing spectrum. We support total social liberty (drug legalization, open borders, marriage equality) but also economic liberty (end of welfare, abolishment of the Fed, totally free markets, no nationalized healthcare etc). 




 I am a sabbatarian Christian. I believe Sunday is the Sabbath, the Lord's Day. All confessional Presbyterians are sabbatarians.

This [essay](http://www.biblebb.com/files/edwards/sabbath.htm) by Jonathen Edwards is a good introduction to why we believe the day has changed to the first day of the week. 









 Grew up a Southern Baptist. After studying scriptures, and tons of reading, the stance that seemed most biblical to me was the confessional Presbyterian stance. I joined the OPC because they are biblically faithful, strictly confessional, firm adherents of the RPW and traditional Reformed thought.

It started when I accepted the Calvinist soteriological position. After that, I came to a covenant paedobaptist stance on baptism. After that, the more minor things fell into place. 









 I am looking for books about expats, especially expats living in Europe. Anywhere from lost generation era expats to modern day expats. 




 They are not necessarily "accepted", but the right to make those jokes is.

I believe all discriminatory jokes are tasteless, but folks should be allowed to make any jokes they want, because free speech is a human right. 




 Looking for any documentary about the Lost Generation expats in France. Especially something that explores the places they spent time at in the modern day. 




 I definitely think Greenwald is the most influential journalist of our time. I wish all of them had his courage. 




 Ira Glass, host of This American Life.

He is pretty unbiased and respectful.  




 American media is absolutely awful. There are very few respectable journalists left. 

Who do you think is the best journalist today? 




 They are not really "special agents". Not like NCIS or the FBI or anything. The enlisted guys mostly spend their time busting soldiers with drugs, or catching soldiers hanging out in prohibited areas.

No CSI shit going on. No secret agent stuff either.

I am sure CID units have barracks. If not, they probably share barracks with other MP's. 




 Yes. Capital punishment is not high on my list of priorities for criminal justice reform.

I think it is right, but first we need to reform the way our system operates. 




 Look for references to the Odyssey.  




 We should fix our system. There should be overwhelming evidence before we put someone to death.

Unfortunately, the U.S. justice system is not one predisposed to fairness. 




 Because we believe the price for killing innocent blood is the forfeiture of your own life.

We also believe fetus's are humans. We believe killing them is murder.  




 ESV. 

I like the folks who translated it.  




 I honestly never think about what other men masturbate to. Ever. Do what you want. 




 Well you have quite an unorthodox understanding of Holy Scripture.

Obviously we cannot discuss this further, because I believe all of scripture is inspired and the absolute Word of God.  




 I believe the words of Paul in scripture are the Word of God (the orthodox explanation of inspiration). I place equal weight behind the words of Paul in scripture and the words of Christ.  




 I almost missed it. It is reay vague 




 And Paul explained quite clearly that all Israel is not Israel. That circumcision is of no avail in Christ. 




 Yeah, she says it near the end. She does not explain it well. 




 I think you misread my comment.


I said I do not believe you have to be Presbyterian to be a member of the Church. 




 I am OPC. We are a lot more old school. 




 No, the promises are for all of Christ's elect. The Chuch, spanning many denominations.


They have no Presbyterian flair, or I would choose it. 




 Because little one, if I explained every answer like you were actually five, it would be condescending (which means answering you like I am much more important than you). You would probably feel a little looked down upon.

Sometimes people use figures of speech to get their point across better. In this subreddit, when someone asks us to explain like they are five, we take it to mean explain in a very simple and easy to understand way.

Does that explain it little one, or do I need to explain it better? 




 A girl coming of age in the 80's. Her uncle (who she has a childish crush on) is gay, and has AIDs, and she struggles to come to terms with what that mea a. 




 I see now, sorry.

 




 What did you think? 

I absolutely loved Finn. I loved every second of it! 




 It is possible, but not likely in my opinion. It is impossible to make a definitive judgement on the issue. His actions were indicative of regret, but not necessarily repentance. Anything is possible though. 




 Again, modern Judaism and OT Judaism are radically different. 

By rejecting the Messiah, Jews are equally as lost as Muslims.  




 Yes, but we *are* Israel. I (along with historic Christianity) believe all of the promises to Israel were for the Church, not ethnic Israel. 




 This.  




 This is true. This was pretty shocking to me when I heard about it. 

As a confessional Presbyterian, we are pretty adament about believing the covenant promises belong to the church. 




 No. Everyone has their thing. As long as I was comfortable with her, committed, and had already created a safe environment between us, I would be ok. 




 Several. My two most notable are;

1. My Grandfather- A welder at a shipyard. Hard working, never complains, gentle and quiet.

2. My old English professor - now semiretired on his sheep ranch. Allowed me to work on his ranch while I was in college and payed me 9 dollars an hour. Taught me hard work, gentleness, patience, and gave me an example to emulate.

 




 Have you seen any wars?

I have. And I would dispute this. 




 Just OP trying to take a political cheap shot through an unrelated sub. 




 I already said we should stick up for all humans in my OP. We should defend and support all himans whether they are Buddist, Jewish, Muslims or anything else.


My point was that it seem some Christians (especially in America) have an elevated regard for Judaism, and a disrespectful attitude towards Muslims. 




 Christianity depends on OT Judaism for its legitimacy, not modern Judaism. There is no theological kinship between modern Judaism and Christianity IMHO. 




 Perhaps.. I have noticed it tends to be the American right wing evangelicals who fit into the mold I described. 




 So war against Palestine (resulting in the deaths of many civilians) is somehow different? 




 Keep your head down. Do not stand out. Do not be an individual.

You will be fine.  




 Especially in light of the Charlie Hebdo tragedy, a ton of Christians I know are showing solidarity with the Jews of France, while saying nothing (or saying derogatory things) about the Muslims of France... 

In my opinion, both religions are equally false. **But from a human standpoint, we should stand against all injustice and demographically oriented oppression.** I agree with neither Muslims or Jews on theological points. Neither religion carries more weight in my book...But many Christians seem to blindly accept all Jews as brothers, and label all Muslims as bloodthirsty heretics..

Anyone else wanna weigh in on this?

(EDIT; Emphasis added, because apparantly my point was not clear.) 




 They were saying if Ralph Nader had been elected 9/11 never would have happened. 

The joke was that the terrorists would have been too busy watching pigs fly to attack on 9/11. (Joke about the improbability of Nader's election).  




 This. If you have a good tobacconist in your area, they would be more than happy to introduce you to the world of tobacco. 




 My favorite artist is Jamey Johnson. 




 His word has resonated in my soul as truth, for one. Nature also declares his glory. I believe faith is a gift from God, therefore I would ultimately answer your question by saying I believe in him because he has enabled me to. 




 Because I believe I deserve the death penalty for my sin, but Christ died as a substitute in my place, and has allowed me to claim his righteousness while claiming my sinfulness. 




 Just tell them thanks for their support. No need to be an asshat about it, let them feel like they are doing something.

I go out of my way to thank teachers and librarians. Shake their hands or bring them thank you cards. Try to thank someone who is a worldchanger. 




 Outstanding. That soldier deserves an ARCOM. 




 They are so two sided. Sure, they will stand with Charlie Hebdo for freedom of speech, while simultaneously putting speech in shackles.

Ah the parodoxy of Statism. 




 As a Christian I will explain the orthodox Christian response.

No one made God. He has always been. He exists outside our concepts of beginning and end. He is seperate from our world and how our world operates. He is without beginning or end. 




 They are not always.

For example, many Haitian-Americans are adamantly opposed to being called African-Americans because doing so trivializes the distinction of their culture. They are not African. 

Basically it comes down to ignorance. We do not put enough thought into the titlea we use for other people, forgetting that titles carry meaning.  




 For one, Paris is a developed peaceful society. Pakistan is by no means a peaceful society. Pakistan is a haven for radicals, so it really is not that surprising when those radicals act like radicals. Mix a whole bunch of corrupt and bloodthirsty extremists into a society, and you are bound to have massacre. Paris is not a haven for radicals. It is surprising when attacks fall on free soil. 




 I really want to join a local bookclub. I do not really have any real life bookish friends. That being said, I have only found one in my area. I had some questions about book club.

1. The book club, as far as I know, is 100 percent female. That is not a problem. I am just curious, would it be kind of awkward for one married man to join a book club full of married ladies?

2. For those of you in book clubs; how has actively participating in the book club enhanced your reading experience?

 




 Ah, I was just curious 




 NTC is no big deal. Not really a factor in whether I would stay in or not. It's not like it's a deployment...

I have gone to either JRTC or NTC every year I have been in.

Also, if you are a 15E why do you have LT flair? 




 Always a bad idea. 




 I think this question is best answered by question one of the Westminster Larger Catechism;

**Q. What is the chief and highest end of man?**
   *A. Man's chief and highest end is to glorify God, and fully to enjoy him forever.*

Our purpose now after sin, is the same as Adam's was before sin. To glorify our Creator and King. 




 I use a poncho. I like the minimalist thing. 




 I do not believe that a noncelibate homosexual lifestyle is ok. No member of my denomination would perform a same sex union.

That being said, I think the state should stay out of it, so I am all for legalizing it. Just because it violates my moral code does not mean others cannot live it. 




 Well, I am a libertarian. I am all for libraries, but do not think they should be funded by the state. They can (and have) been effectively funded privately. 

But I agree about your assessment of our education system. I was unschooled as a kid, kind of a montessori homeschool, and it worked very well for me. I do not think one size fits all education helpa anyone. 




 Yeah, I have a hard time wrestling with a bit of jadedness about the war. I am sure any vet has experienced that stuff. 




 Right now snapchat had been building it's user base. They are about to expand, something called "snapchat discovery", which will feature videos, articles, etc in the same format as the current peer to peer sharing is.

Basically, up to this point they have just been investing to get snapchat big enough and popular enough, that when they do start using it to make money, the user base is big enough. 




 No I have not.

If I did, I am quite sure I would regret it.  




 Duly noted and revised. 




 Exactly. I know a lot of folks who are so conflicted because they haven't "seen" God, or had some kind of experience.

I am just here to say, I have never had an experience. I just believe. Just like I believe Mars exists because of the photographs I have seen. I have never been on Mars. I do not know anyone who has been on Mars, but I believe it to be just as the photographs depict it. I believe God to be true because his word has resonated in my heart as truth (his word is after all a photograph of himself). It does not make sense, it just is. 
























