 Is there a certain image that when you see it you get pumped to get into shape? 




 So when he went down his dick was still out, does the cop have to pug it away for him? 




 I got the monster isport, I use them for everything. Gym time and street running. They are pricy at $150, but worth the $.  




 My buddy and I did this yesterday and went to hhe planetarium on acid! Fucking Amazing! 




 Not easy to watch on a 3GS IPhone but well worth it. Have a +1, don't spend it all in one place. 




 I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story. 




 This is one of my favorite books of all time. It's the only book that has ever truly scared me. It's a must read . 




 Last dragon reference. Nice! 




 What came first the chicken or the egg? 




 I have been tinkering with mixing my own pre-workout cocktail. right now im going with

1.5 tsp creatine
1.5 tsp glutamine
.5 tsp guarana extract (caffine)
.5 tsp chyanne pepper extrcact 90,000 heat (fat burner)
two scoops amino energy gonna switch to a cleaner amino blend once i run out of this product)

What do you folks recommend.   









 I feel like I had one of these in a classroom during high school but without all the biblical shit. 




 bad Lieutenant
 




 Don't want to point out the obvious but folks may want to be careful what they say here. This is one of the few topics in the world where a joke can get you in serious trouble. Other than that I think it would be 9/11 all over again. It would temporarily bring the country together but would then any lessons we learned or justice tring to be served  would get used and abused by various parties and causes. 




 Who the hell is Emma stone and why should I car? 




 My life is going great. I'm sleeping next to this amazing girl I met last month. It's the first time that I've been this head over heels for someone I a long time. I'm in the best shape of my life. Mentally I'm in a place of self discovery and imrprovement where I just want to fill my life with as much love, knowledge and wisdom as possible. :) ain't life grand! 




 Obama wins, Romney cries! 




 That is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. I'm drunk mind you. 




 Porn was rare. It was something that you or a friend stole from your dad or a store and it would get passed around you friends like was a sacred text. I remember every once I a while while digging tennis balls out of a bush you would stumble upon a stash that some neighborhood kid had hidden. It was like finding gold. Now any dumb kid is only one click away from the most horrible porn ever created. There spoiled they should have to work for that shit! 









 In jr high I was a rollerblader  




 "Time" by Pink Floyd, it's my favorite song and its very fitting for the situation. 




 As a kid I would look at my dads porn, found out the guy likes chicks with dicks.  
























 Find a torrent of Insanity or p90x and make that your obsession. You don't even have to leave the house. 




 I Had a teacher say that to me in jr high cause I made fun of his name. It was spurlock and I called him spermblock. He overheard me and a freind call him that and proceeded to tell us if he ever heard us say that again he would "rip off our head and shit down our windpipe" said a teacher to 13 year old students. 




 Legend of Zelda 2 




 That escalated quickly. 




 Do you have any tunes in soundcloud? 




 There's a good bootleg called after the goldrush that's pretty good 




 Seems to me that if you can bench 365 you have some idea what your doing...I'm tempted to call shenanigans on this.  




 that juno reactor is sick and what i had in mind thanks
 




 thank my memory is refreshed
 




 In that featurett there is a clip comparing shots of a chase scene with water melons exploding. It's been a while but I don't remember that from the original movie was that a cut scene or am I just forgetting it. 




 I dig that tribal bongo sound when its coupled with house, breaks, psy, ect... Is anyone aware of other artists that incorporate bongos into there stuff? I would love artist, track, genre recommendations. thanks. 




 Did you make out with my ex girlfriend at a pub in Scotland a few years ago, she always claimed she met you there and being the only other American you guys hit it off and ended making out. Figure noes my chance to see if she wasn't full of shit. 




 KIDS fucked up as it is its probably more relevant to a lot of today's youths than any of these othe movies. 




 "Message read on the bathroom wall, 
I don't feel at all like I fall 
And we're Losing all touch losing all touch 
Building a desert.

Custom concern- modest mouse 




 Whenever I hear this song I think of this America undercover " small town ecstasy" where a 40 somthing dad goes to raves and gets high with his kids and that is "there" song.  




 Uhh... Kiser Sose! 




 Fight club! The testosterone pumping through that movie is epic.  




 I had this problem for almost all my life, it just so happens that all my life I was overweight. Once I lost weight it went away slightly but what really did the trick was building my chest. Bench, flys, more bench, dumbbell incline. But also working the upper back will help even it all out. Kiss your puffy cone nips goodbye! 




 Join a community sports team, go to the gym, spend. Hour or so in a bar, cafe, ect... And make a point to talk to one person every time your there, Even if its just a comment on a book there reading or a comment about the weather. Smile all the time, you will come off as more aprochable. Shop at your local co-op, hippies are always freindlt, go to a reddit meet up.  




 Open my eyes 




 The op was his fathers accidental orgasm. 




 The Cornballer... Mother or god! Every! Damn! Time! 




 http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-qReXhzHKTSQ/TcPrqa9JtgI/AAAAAAAAAMk/4otXmJBdY0o/s1600/fight%2Bclub.jpg

Always works for me 
























 Lets go darker: caught up in there captivating conversation he misses his flight. Later on sitting at the bar waiting for his new plane there is a news flash, plane explodes mid flight duh duh Duhhh... It was his flight.
Final destination 15  




 That was explained very well. Thanja 




 Can you pinpoint one life altering decision that you have made. Lets skip the obvious ones of having children and meeting loved ones.  




 I did this last week. I followed a article on TNation about warming up for max's. I blew my pr for deadlift out of the water but the next day when I did bench I feel way short of what I thought I could do. My recommendation would be to wait at least 3 days between 1rm attempts even between different muscle groups and for ideal recovery only attempt kne lift a week. 




 After 3 months of 5/3/1 I did my fist 1 rm attempt and deadlifted 405lbs at 230. My starting 1 rm was 365. Next month ill be testing my bench max, hoping to attempt 285. 




 I saw a Wine-o eating grapes. I told him "you have to wait" - mitch hedberg 




 He looks like Gerald Ford. Sorry for your loss 




 This guy is a keeper if you ask me. 




 Avalanches- since I left you, 70 min of pure gold! 




 My gym doesn't have wi-fi! 




 Wipe boogers on the underside of chairs Im sitting on, or if I'm perticularly fitigy ill roll them around between my fingers. 




 No, not at all and I would know, I'm white. 




 9/11 conspiracy theories. Just thinking about the idiocy and blatant disregard of fact infuriates me!  




 Yes! That's it oh man this has plexed me for Years. Thank you. Ill update the thread to solved when i get home. You rock! 




 Van damme wasn't in robo jox. 




 I know its not much but i used to see this movie on HBO all the time. it took place in a futuristic wasteland (possibly another planet) and all i remember is this cyborg fucker with a spider body rules over these gladiator type games and the hero has to rescue his chick from them. i know its not much but this shit has driven me crazy for years.  




 Primer. I was blown away when I saw it and it is still relatively unknown. 




 Reading all this makes me feel a lot less alone.  




 Steakandcheese.com was the site of choice In my day. 




 I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story.
 




 I use "MyNetDiary" app for everything. I try to log everything best I can but don't fret if I miss something. I tend to over estimate my portions but that will only help. I've had the best results from just counting than any other diet. It just makes me more aware of what and how much I'm consuming.  




 Yah same here. I got a refund from GJ 2 days ago.  




 I heard somewhere that 1000 ius for every 25 lbs is recommended. No reference though :/ 
























