 Great story, I actually jumped when it came to the fingernail part. Yep I jumped, then got tangled up in the laptop cord and fell. 




 You punched her in the face! For some reason I can't stop laughing when I read that. 




 So she took him apart, but didn't put him back together the right way? 




 Or he could have a SUPER POWER!!!!!! Yay! 




 That would be the creepiest thing to watch and it wouldn't be be enjoyable, yet I kinda wanna Google it. 




 I feel kinda really sad 




 Wat
 




 RIGHT!!!! 




 I got flashed by the picture before the words actually showed up 




 I was thinking the same thing 




 weird it doesn't say that for me, sorry 




 This is the second post  









 Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I just wanna write stories 





























 I kinda enjoyed the ending, you deserve to have some fun. Although i'm puzzled on how the heads didn't rot. 




 What the fuck, what is wrong with your dad 




 As interesting as it is I don't get, there wasn't enough clues or anything like that. 




 How the hot dog am I suppose to a see a blue glow if I haven't already and people who haven't read this might stay away from it because they don't know why it glows. How am I gonna drag my family to the mountains, they're not gonna believe me oh ho ho she made another horror story. Not intending to be rude either, but i'm just saying. 




 Dude that's messed up, but I hope to hear more of your story soon. 




 Zombie, OOooh what if she's a zombie 




 Well all I can say is..... what? I can't even right now, just what, what. 




 I would have locked my door, ran into the closet with the gun, and had the police on speed dial. 




 Yeah, were you?
 




 I was thinking the same thing 




 She's too adorable! Awww the feels. 




 You should have smashed those garden gnomes or at least buried them.
 




 What how could you leave her like that? Even if she was freaking out you would have been better off with her. 




 Wait, wait, wait so these things are actually real? 




 Nope just evil nurses.  
























 Call the cops, call the swat team, call the FBI, and buy a large dog and a machine gun. Go to your friend's house and camp out until the cops arrest him. 




 You know I kinda really wanna keep my soul, I think I need it, so i'll hang on to that. But thanks for the directions on how to get a bony old woman eat me though. 




 probably not 




 He hasn't hurt you of anything so I say you should let him stay, and glowing walls can be useful in the dark. So yeah that's what I think. 




 Well then.... that happened. 




 nothing, it was paint 
 




 I knew it! As soon as you said you and your mom were sitting in the backseat, I was thinking wouldn't your mom set in the front with your dad. 




 Dun dun daaaaa! 




 Doesn't Hell Girl give you a doll? 




 I don't know why, but I laughed when you said he was naked. 




 This is really interesting, but why didn't you just move the box elsewhere. I dunno like a church or something.
 




 No I understood when she was talking about the missing posters and checking underneath the bed. 




 This story was amazing! It just fits together so perfectly, everything connected forming a bridge between the mysteries and secrets. And when they finally came together I was left feeling sadness and dread, amazement and fear. There's only few stories that can have that effect on people. So i'm gonna throw up, laugh, and cry now. 




 Best comment ever. 




 That's so messed up, yeah sorry.... 
























