 Go Blue! 




 Aren't all games free if you do it right? :P 




 Lights,

You are coming to Phoenix on Halloween. Going anywhere to hang out after your show or going straight to the airport? 




 Don't listen to Mrknowitall666.

What he is referring too is a Currency Transaction Report (CTR) which is done by any bank when someone deposits or withdrawals $10,000.01 in a day. 

When this is done the bank will ask you for your ID and get information from you such as your employer and what you do for work. They do send all this information to the government.

Now if you owe back taxes, child support, etc. YES this money will be alerted and subsequently have your account frozen. If you are not in this situation you have NOTHING to worry about. 


TL:DR

If you are an honest citizen deposit that shit into your bank do not deposit it over time or sit on it at home.

I did this shit daily in banking.


EDIT: Added bonus unless you trigger the $10k amount in a day nothing gets reported at all to anyone except maybe a banker to sell you shit you probably don't need. 




 this photo was kept in excellent condition. I can't even keep my clean laundry from getting wrinkled 




 [Did anyone else think of this](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/19967983.jpg)

or am I the only one 




 She 18 yet? 




 Fuck Ohio, GO BLUE!
 




 Waiting for people to get off the phone so I could use the internet to play muh games 




 Still sat in economy too. 




 And there it is.. the realization your cities sports teams are terrible. lolol

Last time we won the series...80's.. but last I checked we still have more than you :D 

3 




 lol

Red Wings  Blackhawks
Tigers  Sox/Cubbies
and lets also look at the NFL last year - Lions  Bears (but we both know the Lions haven't been relevant since Sanders)

You can have basketball and continue losing to the 8 seed in the playoffs. 




 lol such a fucking tool. It's not my fault Chicago sports hasn't been relevant in years or they choke hard on a big black dick (Bulls). 

Tell your boys to play better next year. :) 




 Not my fault you guys can't win when it matters most :) 




 Go Tigers! 




 Damn.. upvote for tight jeans! 





























 Ahhh so it's from a crematorium????

Nice.. Glad I get to spend part of my day smelling that crap on my way to and from work.

 




 Hey sorry for the delay. No I didn't go. My ex had to cancel since her car needed to get repaired. I need to get with her to reschedule it but with the holidays basically here her and I have both been busy with family stuff.

 




 Ok, this is bothering me because I can't figure it out. lol.
On I-17 between Jefferson and Grant there is this awful smell. I have to go through this every day and I just want to know what it is. I have even detoured through the area trying to figure it out and I couldn't.

Is there a plant over there? A factory of some sort? I don't even know how to describe the smell other than its awful lol 




 I thought this was cute till I saw the cast come through.. :(
 




 My brain...it hurts.. 




 They have science consultants on the show. I'd imagine very accurate!

(Source - season 1 DVD extras) 




 ahh yes.. you are right! my bad, thanks for that correction.. Spinato's is another place I have heard great things about too though!!  




 The Codfather (Bell Road/16th st) (next to Santisi I think) is incredible. Best fish/chips I have had.

If you are looking for nightclubs, I have been to Axis/Radius and enjoyed it. 
 




 lol, well my friend let me tell you. Sheriff Arpaio is anti-illegal immigration. He routinely sets up stings to capture illegals who have crossed the border. Seeing as that we are so close to the Mexico border many wrongfully accuse the Office of being racist toward the Hispanic community. This is not true. The Office has successfully capture illegals from Canada and European countries. The majority is Hispanic however. The media HATES the Sheriff and routinely conducts reports on him. As a result the public has seemed to believe that all employees are racist toward Hispanics. This is not true though. Many of us have no ill feelings toward any culture or race. I am sure some out there have prejudices but I can't speak to that.   




 I love magnum's. I am not a smoker, but I have been getting more into wines and such. They have great prices, friendly staff, and they are very knowledgeable. I am not a wine expert or really any type of alcohol expert. Anything you recommend I should try? I am not a fan of reds and when it comes to liquor, I typically only drink vodka. I would like to get into some whiskey's and such but not sure what to try and how to try it i.e. with/without ice, etc. 




 Win! 




 That poor ZL1 :( 




 Math 101.. seems about right
 




 Recorded before The Game last year!

BEAT OHIO! 




 I love Alison Brie!
 




 Which one is the bear and which one is the dog?

mind blown! 




 "...so she grabbed her pig."

and then gutted it..... 
























 why do i never notice these things? 




 Best: The sunsets

Worst: the fucking 120+ degree summers

Arizona 




 he left you two full ones at least... 




 anxiously waiting
 




 White castle.... 




 your mom smokin crack? 




 What kind of work do you do? 




 Right after this was taken...they jumped out of the basket 




 Doesn't matter had sex 




 YOU KNOW *[HERMANO](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuQTyq5RGY)*?


 




 hand drum solo ftw
 




 POWER DRIVE! 




 Expect someone to knock on your door soon! O.O 




 dat ass! 




 upvote for red! 


































