 I take it you don't eat junk food then.  




 Black holes are the buttholes of the universe.  




 Don't rape the messenger 




 Lies! OP said 2 cute girls. I only see 1 




 Left over chicken soup + pizza. Reddit,you failed me.  




 Destiny. One of the most boring games I've played.  




 This deserves more up votes 




 When they were your age the economy was stronger and the cost of living was lower.  




 Areola grande 









 While I agree that you get what you pay for (your example of the $50 dollar dj), I don't see the reason for the vinyl supremacy.  

It doesn't matter what medium you store your music on, there are talented djs in all facets.  




 Biscuit in the US is basically a baked roll of bread.  




 Dildo blades 




 So did you fry it or bake it?  




 $98.50 daily for me. Living in Orange County CA. Lol! It's damn expensive here. 




 See the link for more info :)

http://www.ssa.gov/survivorplan/survivors.htm 




 It depends on your diet but if you're on a ketogenic diet,  I find that hunger is not a huge issue. 

The ketogenic diet trades out your dependency on carbs and forces your body to use fats for energy.  I eat foods high in fat and stay away from carbs. I find that hunger strikes less often and I can go longer between meals.  




 Social worker here. You and your siblings may be entitled to survivor's benefits from the government. It should be a few hundred dollars a month for each person. Get in contact with your local social services agency.  I'm sorry for your loss.

EDIT: posting link for survivors benefits site. 

 http://www.ssa.gov/survivorplan/survivors.htm 




 I AM that guy so I always end up censoring my interesting fact and go with something more mundane,  like hiking ( which I don't actually do). 




 I just wash my ass after shits. 




 Did OP just watch human centipede recently? Or more shocking, OP is researching to see if s/he can make a human centipede. 




 I assume you're talking about your computer not WIRELESSLY connecting to your router. I'm going to state the obvious, but have you checked to see that you didn't accidentally turn off the WiFi on your laptop? 

If that's not the case then I suggest connecting the computer directly to your router using the LAN cable (in order to access the internet) and downloading the wireless driver from the hp website and try reinstalling it. 




 You never go full retard. 




 Headphones, my friend. 




 Not just yours, but everyone's. Have you read the book Sperm Wars? 




 Every pack is a family pack if you put it on wrong. 




 My small penis 




 It had to be said lol 




 Liege waffle is king! Other than that, I prefer a triple stack of pancakes, of which I will eat 1/12 of it and discard. 




 People who love Apple 




 People who poop on me while I'm eating. 




 Green glowing antifreeze 




 Sorry, I should have elaborated. I work at a fed agency. I clicked a link on reddit and it logged it into my system as porn. Which it was not btw :( 




 I'm just guessing but I think it has to do with your saliva breaking down the structural bonds of the gum. 




 Agree, I just got done reading about black holes and quantum physics.  




 Well at least you're spending that quality time with your father that you've always been missing. 




 Communication is key. I just come to an agreement that works for both parties. It's nice to talk to each other sometimes. 




 When I was old enough to realize that the teachings I was receiving in bible class were hard to believe. Upon questioning them I was only given circular arguments which basically boiled down to, "we are adults and we know more than you, so listen to us."

In my middle school years I learned more about history. I learned about how past civilizations had gods for things in nature that they didn't understand and couldn't explain (Roman god of the sun, etc.) We look back on it now and think they were silly for having a god if the sun or god of the sea, yet we (organized religion) have a god that created the universe, since we can't explain that (yet).

 




 Well, anything that breaks the ice, leading to conversation is always a good start.

I wouldn't say it was the most effective way to pick up girls; that's entirely up to how well the resulting conversation goes combined with her actual interest in you.

They were a good ice breaker is what you meant. 




 Gotcha :) 




 The article states that he was not in the same town at the time she claimed the rape occurred. She blatantly told a lie.  




 If it's already been proven that he is not guilty then why isn't the accuser instantly punished? You get punished for falsely screaming "fire" in a crowded building. 




 Masturbate furiously. Or alternatively, I listen to music. 




 I clicked on a reddit link and got flagged for porn. Now it's logged into the browsing history. 




 Bed full of lesbians. 




 I would say the latter, since it is widely accepted that the light that we see from stars occurred eons ago. Therefore, the present is not observable while it is happening. 




 I'd rather not be famous and dead.  




 Yeah, but he got killed. 




 Would you wish for a lawyer? 




 Do we ever really live in the present? Everything we see, feel, hear or sense has to go to our brains and then be processed. Even though it takes milliseconds to process, we are never truly experiencing "the present."

 




 "When I was 4 years old, I started walking. When I was younger, I could not walk." 




 Why were you thinking about penises in the shower? 




 /end thread 




 Indeed, signing a check does increase the paper that it's on. 




 Neelix doesn't look like he enjoys performing as a DJ and his style of music is very progressive. It's great for listening to at a desk but at a festival it's boring, for lack of a better word 




 It really depends on the crowd and what he "thinks" the crowd is receptive to. I was at a private show he did in Hollywood last weekend and he stated that he was playing a Perfecto Dark set but the crowd was a bunch of hipsters who barely even knew who he was. 

Only about 3 tracks in, he started to progressively get more mainstream with a more "pop" sound. The last song, all the hipsters jumped up and sang along to. I had no idea what song it was. So as a DJ he completed his job to get the party going, but I can't say I enjoyed his set much.

TL;DR He will play what the crowd is receptive to, whether it be pop or more underground. 




 You might try looking into minimal techno or minimal trance. Although when you mention "slow, darker" trance in your title, I'm inclined to think progressive psytrance, but that's just me haha 




 Obviously drinking more. Also I like to DJ. 




 Make myself owner of Earth.  




 At speeling correctly 




 I try not to associate with people who cannot keep commitments. Either that or very harshly ridicule them. 




 Hitler's ghost 




 4 - The first computer to pass the Turing test.

Already happened [here](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/computer-becomes-first-to-pass-turing-test-in-artificial-intelligence-milestone-but-academics-warn-of-dangerous-future-9508370.html) 




 If you're at a psytrance party, then the people who came want to listen to psytrance. I hate it when they put artists who play radically different styles back to back at a festival. It really breaks up the musical flow of the night. 




 What record pool and what genre is most prominent in it? 




 Wait, hold on. "Forced to fuck?" That's the definition of rape. lol 
























 This is why I don't go to coachella 




 TIL you're a bigger bitch than your dog.  




 PLEASE STOP. I NEED MY FRONT TEETH 




 Can confirm. Have no property, am depressed.  




 The cops showed restraint and handled the situation well, yet you're sitting there and saying they shoot people?  What is wrong with you?  




 So the maggots ate the bone of his jaw? Ughhh 




 Where's the rest of his jaw?  




 If you're going fast enough to pull off this maneuver then the initial jerk of the wheel is enough to swing the car around 75% of the way, if not all the way. 

If you were trying to do a 360 then use of the brakes is necessary to add rotation to the car.  




 What does it mean when it's purple? 




 If coworker didn't stop and check out the gif with you then he's no one you want to hang out with. Trust me, all of us at corporate know this.  Nobody likes a stiff. 




 So the question is: did you hit? 




 It would be as full of made up stories as the ones in TIFU 




 The snigliest 




 Correct. Gender discrimination law applies when renting a private residence. When sharing a room or a house with common areas, gender is not protected under the fair housing laws.  




 Next time, maybe just say you're not dressed.  




 Have you considered that your brain will also age with time and eventually fail?  




 I can tell there are no hipsters here.  




 "Take a knee! " 




 Better, better yet. Throw it in reverse, snap wheel to the left, clutch in, snap wheel to the right while shifting into 2nd, clutch out, gas it.  




 What are you talking about? I don't have any friends.  




 2 fast 2 serious 




 Fat Mexican cats 




 I've never had to buy a BIC lighter ever.  




 I make my mayo fresh at home.  




 I'm also excel guy at work. I just document the hell out of it and require that any time someone asks me for excel help, they have to email me the request and cc my boss. 




 You obviously haven't been in prison before.  




 If you had no shame, would you have no decency either?  




 If it fits, I sits.  




 Every mom on the planet.  




 I started getting tired of having sex with girls who were horrible at sex. Until I had sex with one who was really,  REALLY good. 

Then I realized why she was probably really good.  




 Or you can use it to your advantage to leverage a promotion.  




 THIS 




 Oh yeah. Boob. Hmm, this ass feels nice. Boob! Lick the nipple. Must squeeze boobs. Ok, back to grabbing booty. I wonder if I can fit my entire hand around this booty. Nope. Man, I love underboob from this angle. Oh, shit! Almost forgot to lick the boobie. Pinch the nips. Oh, she likes that. I think I'll suggest tacos for dinner. Boob! Ok, back to grabbing booty. FUCKKKK

"Hey, I think we should get tacos. " 




 But op doesn't kiss and tell. 




 Unless the candy is ecstasy.  




 Getting a degree will not guarantee you a job.  




 Aborted fetuses and chocolate chip cookies.  




 "Lol" 




 LIFE.

I did nothing to deserve this hell. 




 Good. I don't want to be the one who takes your virginity.  




 And never again will you be guilded in the next 50 years.  




 In 3rd grade i heard that the class clown got sent home for writing the f word in the boys room.  I quickly went to see what it was but it was already removed. So close. 




 Hopefully the extinction of the human race.  




 Yeah, but a machine with those specs are less than half the price you paid. And with newer processors. 

I guess my point is, it doesn't matter what you buy in regards to electronics.  In a couple years, it quickly losses its value (monetary). 




 Have you tried emailing Serato support or going on their forum?  




 Most technology losses half of its value in 1 year and are basically worthless in 2. 




 I didn't know what the "F" word was until 4th grade.  




 You neither need the apostrophe in the word "kids" nor "apostrophes." 




 And 3 in the butt 




 Good idea. Throwing ice cubes in there will keep the coffee warm. 




 If godblow is OP's screen name then daughter's name is blowgoddess? 




 Youtube doesn't have porn.  




 Well obviously my TV is not as big as the theater screen. I'm saying that the movie theater industry is suffering. Even with ticket prices double what they were a decade ago, movies still have a difficult time grossing record numbers. 




 Maybe more people are realizing that McDonald's food is garbage.  




 It might help if you include your location. $800 a month might get you far in Montana,  not so much in New York.  




 Thanks for the laugh 




 3d movies are a gimmick to try and give movie theaters a competitive advantage over in home theaters, but the theaters and movie studios are fighting a losing battle. 

I prefer to watch movies at home and my TV is plenty big. I'm sure there are many others who share my same preference. The draw of 3d and big screen is not enough for me to pay $15 to $20 bucks for a theater ticket.  




 I think it's because watching movies in theaters is a dying trend. Most people will torrent the movie or just wait until it comes out in digital format.  




 A honey badger 




 Well that escalated quickly 




 Remember, you aren't stuck in traffic; you ARE traffic.  




 Sounds like a sticky situation 




 Not a bad job but as others have mentioned. It looks a bit top heavy.  




 My dad left me when I was 4. 




 You can wear eyeliner 




 You're obviously not in the industry. 
























 LPT: always look ahead of where you're driving and scan the horizon. Do not ONLY focus on the road 20 feet ahead of you. 




 It didn't help that he cranked the wheel more when he started understeering. 




 I would have gotten out and continue the beating (off camera). 




 It's probably a big-rig. 




 I still look both ways when driving through an intersection on my green. If there's a car running the red light, that split second could be the difference between life and death. 




 She ded 




 Why is everyone getting golded in this thread?  




 Casino Royale, ball torture scene.  




 Then it would, by definition, be a day's worth. 




 I didn't come here for a math problem! Take your upvote and go.  




 Step 3: ???

Step 4: profit? 




 You should really get glasses. I'm -.75 and I use corrective lenses. Quality of life is so much better. 




 Armed, as in, has a weapon, specifically, a gun. 




 It's a game where friendships are made and destroyed. And where you'll discover the friend who has a strange affinity for sheep. 




 What if the other person is armed? 




 Except the victim always trips and sprains their ankle. 




 Hey, by all means, bate away until your dick gets moldy.  




 Infected?  Do you not wash your dick? You do know you're supposed to pull it all the way back to wash it right?  




 I'm not OCD, but this pisses me off! 




 The flame kind of looks like a nebula and the sparks are stars. 




 When a DJ is noticeably drunk and playing like shit I usually get as close to the booth as possible and yell obscenities. 




 If it was a Louby, she would have taken it with her. 




 It's all the weapons companies that need a reason to invent new weapons so they can get government contracts.
 




 Is that Macallan?
 




 Does it really matter who you find attractive? You shouldn't let other people's opinions determine your actions. What you find attractive about a person is so subjective that anyone else who judges has no validity.

Interracial couples are great because each person gets to experience, learn and adopt a part of another culture. They get to share traditions and food. It's a positive for all since each person becomes more cultured by the experience. 




 Weak ass click bait title. 




 Does this mean I have to unsubscribe to /r/spacedicks 




 That sounds like anti slut defense. She probably lied about it being a joke just to save face with her friends.  




 Wood of 




 thank you gentle fellow pirate,

tips *pirate hat*

FtFY

 




 I thought the USA would be Hot Pockets. 




 Hey mommmmmm. Dad's on Reddit again!  




 Oh, AOL floppy discs 




 Indeed you can 




 I meow like a cat.  




 But you would never know that you would meet them the next day. It would just be like any other day.  




 I think he's talking about:

1. Be attractive
2. Have money if unattractive

FTFY 




 ... 




 You can always get another job. People have a propensity to be short  sighted.  




 God killed a lot of people in the bible man.  




 No need to shave your pubes if you light up a match after lubing your ass with wd40. 




 Or you can work for yourself. (Not trying to be condescending) 




 Take a number buddy.  Back of the line is that way.  




 Ah, that's unfortunate. Well maybe you can search around for underground events and see if you can get to know the promoters. I find that fans who attend underground events have more music knowledge and are more loyal. 




 Getting shot in the shoulder is not just a flesh wound that you can shrug off. Your mobility in that arm would be severely limited. 

Also in car scenes where the vehicles are traveling at a high rate of speed and then come to a dramatic, sideways skid to a stop. The actual distance you would skid in real life is wayyyyy farther.  




 Gonna make like a used tampon and get up out this bitch. 




 It does.  




 Because the clitoris is so sensitive, Brandon says, she sees women being more specific about their preferences for how they want to be touched. "[Men] rarely tell me, 'She touches too hard, too soft, she tickles, her hands are cold.' Women say those things all the time about how men touch their vulvas, clitorises included. Women are finicky, and so are their clitorises." 

Men rarely say anything to women because they're either too shy or too awkward to voice their concerns or they think criticizing the way a womam touches their penis will discourage further handjobs.

Well, I'll do a service for most men by saying: Most women's handjob technique is horrible! Guys, speak up and tell your women how to properly give handjobs. 




 10/10 would hit.  




 I concur.  




 My friend's girlfriend did this at my house and flooded the bathroom. Shit was everywhere. Friend had to clean it up and his girlfriend tried to blame it on him, in order to save face.  




 This now here.  




 Came here to say this. 

Shifting in corners is a bad habit.  




 Check around for vacant warehouses and see if the owner will rent it out for an "art gallery" event. Throw the party there.  




 

Can confirm. Am wife's car. 




 Now that, is a real *tearjerk* 

FTFY 




 Nice, but what happens if you forget your password (to the website that you signed up to)? How would you reset it? 

Edited for clarity. 




 There's 2 cops and a mob of people. What do you think is going to happen if they go to the ground in order to immobilize 1 person? And let's keep the name calling out of this, unless that's your petty way of trying to assert your dominance in this argument.  




 Tips anus 




 Hey, that rhymed. Kind of!  




 Sure they did. They built the railroads.  




 He stood on the first bucket and then put 2 more buckets underneath himself.  




 Really? My summers were always filled with teenaged angst and awkward boners. 




 Right in the gooch. 




 Had a prof once who gave take home tests, but the questions were extremely difficult and took about an hour each to complete. 




 So Netflix?  
























