 Do this now for 5 years and have to say my jeans are much almost still the same as when i bought them. But when they get dirty i wash them by hand. Sounds nasty but jeans don't get that dirty unless you have such allot of ball sweat that it goes thru your boxers. 




 Je had toch ook die documentaire ofzo over dat elektronisch patinten dossier daar schrok ik ook wel van.

Ben sowieso verbaasd hoe dat in de ziekenhuizen gaat letterlijk elke baliemedewerker kan gewoon je hele medisch dossier in zien. Heb toch echt liever dat dit alleen door behandelende artsen te zien is. 




 It's not entirely insured if you don't go by a psychiater first. So ask your GP to send you to a psychiater and he will send you to a psychologist and then everything is insured not matter how long and how many consults. 




 found the full report but it doesn't look like they searched for ASD or VSD:
http://imgur.com/JTRNT07 




 By the way would an MRI not show and ASD of VSD? 




 Or if you had an investment or you are allready profitable. 




 Really thanks allot! 
Made my mind a bit at ease and gave me a solid plan!
Thanks a million! 
I can't help you back with medical question but if you have some marketing questions feel free to ask! 




 my height is 186 and at that moment i was 88 kilogram so that is a BSA of 2.13 m2. 

But based on these finding would a sudden cardiac death be unlikely or is this hard to say? 

Does this bubble echocardiogram has a specific name?  




 Thanks for your reply again! I had the MRI a year ago so i ordered an echocardiogram to see if it progressed stayed the same or got less in a really easy way because an MRI is very expensive. I do have the report from that: http://imgur.com/LnNv88i 

But i think i'm gonna ask for the special echocardiogram that seems pretty reasonable.

Well i was focused on the heart rate because it is something what you can count and give an exact number. For instance headache is a bit hard to describe in the amount of pain and exactly locate it.  




 Now I can understand your point. Luckily your mom found out! At the end i can always do that but now i'm just in the beginning stages so i don't know yet if its a rare thing or a very common thing. So when they really can't figure it out i will do the research. 




 Hoe graag ik deze onderzoeken wil geloven soms klopt er echt geen bal van. Net zoals laatst dat onderzoek dat alcohol toch niet je hersenen aantast als je alcohol drinkt voor je 16de. Heb je een linkje naar het onderzoek? 




 I'm generally not feeling really good. Sometimes i get very pale/white and i feel pretty weak. Most of the time i get pale/white when heart rate is slow under 60bpm but under 50 i don't feel really good and when faster i get allot of color in my face and skin. 
The echocardiogram was orignally ordered the first time for the bradycardia and tachycardia. It was all sinus rhythm but the EP said it is a little bit strange but not very worrisome. 

I'm not doing very very good because i also have this secondary adrenal insufficiency so it's very hard to say what make me feel bad.

But apart from that i feel confident that this all will end positive for me! 




 First of all thanks for the time and effort!

Well its a bit weird because i sometimes have a very slow heart rate what would indicate very good health but also sometimes very quick. 

How would they find something like an atrial septal defect is that just looking more closely to the echocardiogram of do they do other tests?

But again thanks allot for you time! 




 Cool! I find it very interesting the amount of information doctors can get out of those images. 




 So you mean on the condition they found you should research yourself if there are alternative treatment options?  




 That's not what i mean. I mean that i need to find out together with the doctor what works best for me by telling him how i feel and what i feel so he eventually can make a really good treatment plan. 




 Thanks allot! 
Your explanations are very friendly and clear to understand!
I do have an appointment this monday by phone with my Endocrinologist. But the communication with the EP is not ideal because he is in surgery room 4 1/2 days from the 5 days in the week in the biggest hospital of the Netherlands but he is a very friendly men and I don't really doubt about his knowledge! 




 I life in Delft that almost perfect because your are between the hague and Rotterdam! You should defenelty check that out! And If you come to Delft would you like to take a nice Swedish girl for me with you? 
Thanks in advance and welcome!

you can use http://www.funda.nl it's the biggest apartment and housing site of Holland. 




 Had an echocardiogram done last week but I have the images but not a report. The images are .dicom files. I had an echocardiogram done a year ago also that showed right ventricular dilatation. But I have no clue how to see that on the images. I'm able to send the images because they are only 26.6 mb in total.

I'm very interested also if my quit smoking and doing more sports has made the heart better.

here is the file:

http://www.mediafire.com/download/46fi3glvybvwbaw/Echocardiogram1.zip

don't know if you have a dicom viewer? 




 En dan het jaar erna zeiken dat er geen werk is. 




 Het blijft een lastig onderwerp. Persoonlijk denk ik eigenlijk dat het nooit weg zal gaan omdat je altijd een vorm van jaloezie blijft behouden. Het enigste wat kan gebeuren is dat het nog veel erger gaat worden en dat er misschien een halve burgeroorlog gaat plaats vinden.

Wat ik wel beetje apart vond was dat 80% van de gevangen volgens wilders Marokkaans is dit rapport heb ik zelf nog nooit gelezen maar het klinkt alsof er mee gesjoemeld is. 




 I do understand you but this is how i stand in this. They get paid a good amount of money to be totally up to date of the treatment options in there speciality and choose the right treatment. The only thing i can do is say it's working or it isn't and explain what i'm experiencing as precisely as possible . I truly want to spend my time on my own work and doing fun things and not researching. A doctor should explain to me what the risks are and side effects. But maybe i'm totally wrong here? Well in my home country with the different issues that's fixed because we have GP's how have the "helicopter view" over you medical situation and they refer you to the specialist. You can't go to a specialist by yourself. 




 Exactly this!

Also my problem is that i'm a bit scared or ashamed to go to a doctor and say I think this is going on without having studied for it. Because i get the feeling then that a doctor thinks you are a guy how thinks he knows everything but in fact  you know rats ass about the subject. 




 Dit is eigenlijk een punt waar je het nooit over eens zal worden.. Wil je die lui gewoon thuis laten zitten en uitkering laten trekken? Nee! Maar ze ander mans banen laten afnemen wil je ook niet. 

De overheid moet gewoon gaan investeren in het eigenland door middel van bijvoorbeeld de dijken te laten ophogen of weet ik veel wat maar zodat we banen creren. Zo is iedereen blij.  




 En je CV en werkervaring natuurlijk en noem het maar op 




 Ik word gewoon moe van dat hele racisme gezeik. Je kansen dat je word aangenomen zijn voor elke cultuur hetzelfde hier. Het gaat puur en alleen om je uitstraling op je sollicitatie gesprek. Als ik iemand zou moeten aannemen dan boeit het me geen reet of je paars zwart grijs geel of blauw bent zolang je maar netjes abn praat en dit geld voor "buitenlanders" en net zo goed voor "Nederlands".   




 Off course you should learn something about your health but to a certain level is my opinion. The doctors should give you the right warning sings. Instead of finding them yourself on the internet. 




 I have had those but the only thing showed up where sinus bradycardia and tachycardia and 1500 pac's a day. Now they are gonna implant something under my skin that monitors for 3 years or something like that. But i was wondering what the ecg was showing.  




 Actually he spent 14 years in school but he doesn't know it yet he is planning on planting an implantable loop recorder inside me its called a Reveal Linq. But don't know what alarming symptoms are. 




 he first thought it was anxiety but that doesn't explain the bradycardia's so he wants to implant a implantable loop recorder to figure things out.

I have to say they are pretty rude at that hospital always when i call ER when i have symptoms they say its very busy and we don't have time for this and bla bla. 




 Yes they did, also an cardiac MRI.

Here is the EKG:
http://imgur.com/hlVveDQ

I'm seeing an EP he is a cardiologist how has studied cardiology but specialized in the electrical activity of the heart.

 




 Thanks but i'm not a medical trained person so it would be really stupid to try to find out myself but I appreciate your time for responding. 




 lol sorry! I also have this echocardiogram images but i have no clue who can judge those you can't simply upload those by imgur it are something like .dicom files. 
























 Groningen, wel een eindje rijden. 




 Had the same thing i was in ER and was sitting straight up and getting something out of my backpack when suddenly all alarms went haywire and there where in a couple of seconds 3 doctors in my room. They said it looked like i was in cardiac arrest but no they saw me struggling to grab the stuff out of my back they realized it was a artifact, luckily! 




 Sounds like problems they could easily fix, Hope for you that the next update will make it better! 




 The medicine business is one I will never understand. If I where a doctor or a chemist I would work with a 110% passion of making people better for the absolute minimum amount of money.  




 And they are sitting on there big monopoly making billions of dollars and asking for VOLUNTEERS to help at a World championship they are so wrong in a million places. 




 nog een aanrader is stompetoren grand cru, hemels! 




 Really want to know the excuses she is gonna come up with when you confront her. 




 They have like more then a million domain names registered but also one that I would like to buy but i was wondering if somebody have experience with these people for buying an domain name from them. I personally think it's not very good that they have registered so many. In the other hand that is how the internet works i guess by making money.

Don't know exactly in what sub to post it. 




 so it would be: "I'm also interested in these."  ? 




 Can you tell me the exact spelling? English is not my native tongue and I would love to know the correct spelling. 




 I'm interested in this two!
 




 I can! Really cool! Take some lessons and i'm sure in 2 days you can surf a 100 meters! Enjoy it! 




 Coursera has some courses you can follow online for free! Also try to get a small course in business administration it will give you a good idea for the money part in your company.  




 Oh my depression is really hard for me and i'm suffering all my life in depression. I have seen real depressed people in the psych ward my god comparing yourself to them is absolutely disgusting.  




 People how say they are depressed and have extreme anxiety when they just have a bad week or bad couple of days and next thing you know they are partying and having fun like nothing happened.   




 It will influence it a bit though because you don't have options now in the summer. Allright in the winter no way you are gonna eat outside but in the summer some nice food in the park would be really enjoyable instead of fresh fries with a kroket. 




 Looks awesome! In Holland it's not really popular to eat outside on the streets at food trucks most of the time because you only can get fries and other snacks outside. With this addition it looks like a decent market! 




 80% off the time I had a textbook and a instruction book so it would be very unpleasant if you had to go to the multitask menu and switch between books. I'll stick to print books.  




 I'm not a doctor but like /u/Mmedical says Cleveland Clinic and those others are really well known hospitals maybe they have some options or solutions for you. All the best! 




 Great to hear! Everybody is you friend on that day! And you are invited to all party's. But that's for the first time I ever heard that a movie is released earlier in Holland then in Umerica. Enjoy! 




 Zonder zulke "trucjes" hadden we nooit gehad wat we nu allemaal hebben. 




 You are coming by at King's Day and you are gonna watch a movie? You are nuts! Get your Beer together. 




 Dude i tried to look where you life but goddammit not even google maps has been close to your neighborhood.   




 Exactly the same as being "colored". 




 I'm wondering how much this is gonna cost. $100 dollars for genetic testing is pretty neat! But a couple of $1000 dollars or more i would go to a doctors office. 




 Looks good!  




 Eifel 65 - Blue! 




 I would love to have just my own desk with my own stuff around it nice and organized so i can find everything quick and without thinking about it. The open workplace is cool but it's hard to get in your "zone".
 




 Vroeg of laat gaat zo iets ook in Nederland gebeuren de grote vraag is alleen hoelang nog?

Vervelende is dat het niet te stoppen is. 

Of dit effect heeft op Nederland? Denk het niet, wel misschien een weekje en daarna dat het weer overwaait.  




 We should all post this picture on Facebook and twitter or instagram. 




 Niet religieus en zal het denk ik ook niet worden maar ik heb wel respect voor gelovige alleen vind het weer jammer dat de oorlogen over 2 dingen gaan, Geloof of geld/olie. Ook ben ik van mening dat IEDEREEN man of vrouw, homo of hetero gelijk moet worden behandeld en precies dezelfde rechten heeft. 

Voor de rest geloof ik niet in de "hemel" want waar was je dan voor de geboorte?

Wel vind ik het een mooi "iets" omdat je hoop en vertrouwen aan mensen geeft en dat zou ik dan soms wel weer kunnen gebruiken.

 




 Do you mean by drinking more water my heart rate could go up a bit?  




 It works a bit different in Holland we just go to the bike shop to let them fix the problem or we ask a "friend" who has a big garage or owns a company with a space to work on stuff and who has some bigger tools then the average persons has at home. 
























 Hi there,


I was wondering i have had this EKG's done in a year time but i notice that in lead V1 the rsR is getting bigger each time not by allot but its happening so last EKG where i don't have the print out from show an even bigger rsR in height (don't know the right terms but it looks like that) Does this mean anything? I do have som slight enlarged right ventricle on MRI. 

Starting to get more and more out of breath
And getting heavier quiet a bit. Without eating more.

http://imgur.com/a/aljUk

 




 Thanks for your answer again! Very kind of you! I have no clue how many leads it has.. 




 Thanks allot! Very helpful! so far I think it's a pretty handy and cool device! 
I do have another question about ecg's i have this rsR in v1 but on the second one the rsR the R' is gotten higher if you understand what i mean. The qrs duration however hasn't become longer. Does this indicate something? Or does this already happen with lead misplacement? 




 that Tarte flambee looks absolutely delicious with that goat cheese and bacon!  




 Hell of a conclusion they are making here. 




 The factory is right next to my house, only it is in Delft not in Amsterdam I only don't know how you can see if its a fake o real porcelyn.  




 You are such a terrible dad if you don't let your daughter have sex with her BOYFRIEND unless you are both 12 years old. 

edit: spelling 




 Do you by the way know if they can detect a myocardial infarction in such a tiny thing? Or evidence of it?  




 Recently watched the perks of being a wallflower and I have to say it hit me pretty hard liked it allot. 




 Thanks! Well unless it's a nasa rocket manual it shouldn't be rocket science! 




 Watched the movie again last week and it was truly a joy te see it again. Also the list of actors in the movie is pretty impressive. 




 Thanks really helpful!

Are you a cardiologist? :) 




 http://imgur.com/a/cXqQl

Have a history of some cardiac enlargement end yesterday i was severely tired but i don't know if this is edema or something to call the doctor for to see if something is progressing?

 




 Since 2 weeks I have this Medtronic Reveal LinQ implanted but I was wondering how the report looks like and what it records and saves? Does it monitors your heart rate consistently and does it say from everyday what the lowest heart rate was and what the highest? From the manual I understand it automatically records the more worrisome heart arrhythmia but in my case it's implanted for the slow heart rates.

Edit: spelling 









 Yes! 




 That's why he hates America, makes all sense now. 




 Get the counseling asap just call the psychology office and just go. It won't kill you and they have excellent therapy's! Good luck! 




 O boy mussels are so tasty, when my dad makes them everybody is eating at home that night.  




 Awesome, good for you and good luck! 




 Remember the post on reddit about this but it was an obvious clickbait. 




 Out of interest is that still a big market that telephone sex? I'm always looking at those ads and thinking you must be pretty retarded to call something like that. 




 Thanks for the answer. Have a nice day! 




 I read allot of people how suddenly "die" of heart failure also at young age. But isn't it with heart failure that there would be warning signs like edema and stuff like that? Or is it just wrong information given by the newspapers?
For instance here in a newspaper in Holland:
"The father of the teenager found his son (15 years old) death in the bad tub. Research has to find out what the cause of death is but they are thinking about heart failure."
It is very sad news but I really don't understand it first of all sudden cardiac death at that age is extremely rare and heart failure is something that doesn't develop in a couple of hours without warning signs isn't it?

t

 




 Dit ziet er veel belovend uit, ben het volkomen eens met dat er veelte veel management lagen zijn dit is overigens in de hele zorg sector zo laatst een nachtje en dag in het ziekenhuis gespendeerd en dan heb je een doktersassistent, verpleegkundige een verpleegkundig specialist hoofdverpleegkundige vervolgens een arts-assistente vervolgens een specialist in opleiding daarna een specialist en vervolgens heb je nog 30 management lagen er bovenop voordat je bij de eind verantwoordelijke ben en die mag zelf ook niet eens bepalen hoe of wat. 

Terug on topic:
Ziet er uit als een fijn verzorgingstehuis! 




 Personally I think you would better be off without a mentor. You need to fall and stand up in life and fight your own way thru it. If you made that decisions back then it was probably the right decision. Just don't hesitate about it and you will be fine. 




 Are you considering an operation to get them smaller?  




 It is pretty funny  that those guys think you are totally in the mood and you are just making a cup of coffee.  




 ORS, Oral Rehydration Salts they come in little sachets. Also a good walk outside helps allot of times first you will feel awful but when you get home you feel much better.  




 I'm starting to think what is real and what is fake what Snowden is telling it can't be all true. Isn't he just a psycho who loves attention? Or are the Russians feeding him information he has to say in order to stay there?  




 Very missed opportunity for BBM to wait so long to make BBM cross platform and also computers.  




 Nice! 




 my most happy picture!

http://imgur.com/i2TRd2b 
























