 That's not it at all... it's the quality of the match not the rub from just being in it, or the decision.  Good matches are happening and people are talking about them, and all the people involved. 




 I liked that quick jab at the beginning of the match when they were circling.  That screamed heel to me and the announcers played it off like it was a veteran move. 




 You do realize that Cena is going out there and saying what he is scripted to say, right?  He isn't just going out there and making it up on the spot. 




 You also have to remember that Kane is:

a. Older than he used to be so he can't take as much punishment
b. Not the same character as the guy who used to no sell chair shots

I get it if you have issues but make sure they don't make you sound like you are looking for reasons to just hate on Cena  




 Bring Back Funaki! 




 Brie once caught Nikki and Cena fooling around and yelled out "Come on Nikki!"  




 I hate that but I hate the Architect moniker more.  Hands down the worst moniker in recent memory for me. 




 The outcome isn't what matters... it's the quality of the matches.  He is putting on quality matches with each of his opponents.  We have gotten to see his go against a variety of opponents (Barret, Kane, Zayn, Neville, Stardust) and make them all look good as well as making the title look like something worth fighting for. 




 That was the other one that I was thinking of lol.  It was a toss up for me on which was worse. 




 Lawler vs Michael Cole at Mania 27 




 Bring Back Funaki! 




 Drew Carey... wait? 




 Top rope and springboard finishers are more of a face thing.  Having it be just part of his move set doesn't make it as much of a face move. 




 Couldn't even link the music huh? 




 I just like how fickle the wrestling fans are.  Before this documentary airs, people were hating on Rose so much saying how crappy his character is and how he should be part of the spring cleaning releases and whatnot.  Now this show airs and people flip flop to nothing but praise for him.   




 And New Day Smocks 




 I actually have no issue with the direction and the character.  IF you actually pay attention his feuds do have meaning to him as a character. 




 Yup because then you get this lol 




 There's no point in chanting his name when he is not there or mentioned.  It only takes away from the show that is going on.  I get he is missed; I miss seeing him too, but we don't need it being a distraction from the show going on. 




 Jericho looks like [Bon Jovi](http://www.m80radio.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/jonbonjovi_055horizprintwweb.jpg) 




 Abyss disappeared and then out of the blue his "brother" showed up looking for him.  After a while he started wrestling but wasn't much good at it.  Then on occassion he would get busted open and he would snap showing Abyss tendencies (i.e. using his moves like the Black Hole Slam).  This started happening more and more to the point where people caught on that he had a "split personality" and was really Abyss the whole time.  Joseph Park was his way of dealing with getting away from his violent lifestyle.  Then if I'm not mistaken it wasn't split personality but just Abyss pretending to be his own brother. 




 We'd have Rollins, Ambrose, and the fat guy 




 Austin's neck from the Owen piledriver, Bret Hart's head injury from the Goldberg kick 




 Big Dick Johnson 




 Rush featuring Bubbles and I'm sold 




 I think someone missed his nap today 




 That is no way to respond to someone who is legit excited and curious. 




 Same thing roughly but with Limp Bizkit's Rollin lol 




 I like the Dick on the hood...nice touch 




 If it is true... I feel so bad for him 




 Eh... not so much lol 




 That was my favorite part.  All this commotion going on and Ambrose is just off in his own world doing his thing moving thje table and chairs.  Then they all just look at him and he is like "What?"  That is the Ambrose that is so great. 




 I can never grow tired of watching that spinning cross body.  That is one beautiful move. 




 [This](http://www.gifsforum.com/images/gif/facepalm/grand/star-trek-picard-facepalm-eccbc87e4b5ce2fe28308fd9f2a7baf3-1381.gif) 




 It was intended to look like he threw all his weight against Taker to squish him into the steps.  It also helped explain why he was limping a bit during the match (in reality I believe he sprained his ankle earlier that day) 




 Yeah I remember hearing something about that... when done the way it was intended it works, but otherwise it just looks dumb.  And then you get moments like [this](http://i.imgur.com/QwFNEP2.gif) lol 




 What, no love for Smackdown's #1 announcer.... [Funaki!](https://whatistheexcel.com/wooobooru/_images/1bb03fc0d660984cffcd3cf4ec712778/1460%20-%20funaki%20pointing%20wwe.png) 




 Running the ropes and doing the lay down/jump over thing.  Why doesn't the person running just stop? 




 ~~Wrestlemania 32~~ Summerfest

Special guest referee... Jeff Harvey! 




 I think it was a mannequin head that he found in a box 




 Either [This](http://www.sickchirpse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Funniest-Wrestling-Pictures-011.jpg) or [This](http://cdn.ebaumsworld.com/thumbs/picture/54506/82998606.jpg) 




 What the heck is Kodi? 




 I've yet to watch it due to not having the El Rey network.  People rave about it so there's that 




 It's a telenovela (spanish soap opera) that happens to be about wrestling 




 Hung Parliament is BNB's pornstar alter ego 




 Sexton Hardcastle 




 The white Russian leg sweep that Sandman did with his kendo stick  




 ouch! 




 That video is clearly a lie... those guys were definitely in the front yard! 




 Vince Russo does 




 That is an awesome badass picture 




 DDT, Chokeslam, Clothesline, Powerbomb

These 4 moves have spawned so many noteworthy variations 




 "IF YA SMEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!"  and nothing beats [this moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgJSvWTionE).  That was electrifying.... pun extremely indended. 




 Yeah he's going to change it alright... Cage matches in TNA will now be known as Rat in a Cage matches 




 [I love this idea](http://www.mccormick.com/Grill-Mates/Recipes/Main-Dishes/Jalapeno-and-Cheddar-Stuffed-Burgers) 




 [Really? Randy! JIMMY!!](http://i.imgur.com/f7sqF.gif) 




 "I really liked when he went by the name Shelton Benjamin, but I guess we can work with Uhaa" 




 Breaking News!  Ziggler injures shoulder during entrance.  Expected to be out 4-5 months. 




 The Outta Nowhere burger... it would have to be one that packed a good amount of heat that you wouldn't expect. 




 ba dum tiss 




 I liked Kevin Thorne but honestly preferred Mordecai more 




 Haha I knew someone would go there.  I was thinking of Pirate Paul, but part of me feels like Incest Paul could get over with the NXT audience too, but that would ultimately be more of a TNA thing lol 




 Kizarny or Paul Burchill 




 Jason Reso and Adam Copeland 




 So I have a sub that I created but my only mod for it was deleted.  IS there any way to access the mod controls for that sub? 




 they have a best???  who knew 




 The Punjabi Playboy "Great Khali" 




 Braden Walker! 




 Quitter McGee 




 Definitely this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL6s-yAQ4NQ 




 Let's Light It Up! 




 Although Jerry's face is priceless, I am enjoying the look the German announcer is giving her butt lol (it's the one third from the right) 




 I have noticed in the past few weeks, that the backstage agents are getting a lot of tv time, between breaking up fights (usually the refs do this) and other moments (Joey Mercury talking to HHH about his decision last week).  Do you think there is something more to this?  I can see them turning into H's goons a-la how McMahon had Briscoe and Patterson.  Thoughts?? 




 Nothing beat when H said... "Is that a hybrid?" 




 It's because in storyline, Brie is not employed, just a fan.  So a talent or authority member hitting a fan is bad 




 I like where this is going...however it felt very awkward and rushed. 




 I know huh!  It's like they were trying to escape from each other lol 




 The 619 part is just blah for me.  I loved when he hit the West Coast Pop though, because that looked amazing 




 Any move where you can hit it out of nowhere (i.e. RKO, Bull Hammer, Superkick, WMD, etc) 




 IT was most likely in TNA.  Bully Ray vs. Ethan Carter the Third 




 technically I don't think it's too much of a wrestling move, but the kip-up is something I always loved to see.  Back when HBK would do it, or the Rock after a ddt.  The last person to use it in quite a while is Daniel Bryan, but more people should do it. 




 His dancing on the announce table last night was awesome... the reactions of JBL, Cole, and Lawler were priceless, expecially JBL 




 Zack Gowen 




 Because he is allergic to maple syrup 




 I agree...it really set him apart from everyone else, which is a good thing.  In hindsight, did it really do anything to help his standing?  No...but that's the way it goes sometimes. 




 TNA has lost any and all "prestige" they ever had after systematically ruining their product over the years. 




 Well Finlay did shove him when Reigns was in the corner, so honestly that could have "storyline" made him angry after that fight with Kane 




 Are you serious??? 




 Woo Woo Woo...you know it!

http://i1306.photobucket.com/albums/s569/Frank_Boris/zack_ryder_zpsa30c2467.png 




 I like his gimmick a lot, especially now that he is starting to show more of the heel side.  That being said, I hate his damn face so much and want to punch him in it lol, so I guess he is doing something right. 




 I always thought it stood for Damien Death Tackle, in honor of his snake Damien 




 The rope rebound clothesline that Nigel McGuiness does and Dean Ambrose's one he does in tribute always look amazing. 




 Any kind of piledriver (with the exception of Kane and Taker's Tombstone), GTS (unless Punk comes back lol) 




 It is going to be the Wyatts...it will just take some time.  The Usos deserve a long title run not only because they worked their assess off to get to this point, but because it adds legitimacy back to those titles. 




 We're a Two and a Half Man Baaaaaaaaaand!!!!!!!! 




 Which diva is going to be the next to be Santino's love interest now that Emma is gone? 




 My buddy said he saw a wrestling action figure that is wearing a black suit, has one finger pointing, and in the other hand there are contracts or papers that say WWE on them.  He has no clue who the figure is of.  Does anybody out there know who it is? 




 The idea behind it was great in my opinion.  It got some good heat on Rusev and Lana, but something was missing.  MY question is why didn't they have anybody interfere and disrupt the ceremony?  They could have had Big-E come in and lay out the "ministry officials" and cut a great promo on being American and not backing down from the Russian.  But this is just my opinion, what do you guys think? 




 Can anyone make a gif of Big E and Rusev waving their flags at each other from last night's Payback?  If not, then does anyone have the footage of this happening?  Thanks. 







































 Best: Lighting JR on fire during their interview

https://juicemakesugar.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/kanejrfire.gif 




 But reasoning changes and they can very well change their minds on certain talents that they have previously said no to.  They can also bring in older guys like they have with Rhyno or Kendrick to give a little boost to the star power there and give these up and comers established wrestlers to work with. 




 "It's time to clean the plates!" 




 What am I supposed to be looking for?  Every match listed [was announced last night](/spoiler) 




 By bringing in more big named indie talents to have those names as well as the normal development guys.  They have people like Uhaa Nation, Samoa Joe, etc coming in 




 True... the right mix of main roster and NXT women's wrestlers will make for an amazing match.   




 Actually Naomi, Nikki, and Alicia Fox are all good in the ring.  They just get put with others that aren't as good which holds them back. 




 It is meant to be that they are going to go for a back body drop  




 I care 




 I get why they let him go,  but ken Anderson 




 Because they stopped him wrestling 




 Like the hhh trunks or the scsa ones 




 It's not a myth but it's not super common knowledge 




 Yup Patterson put it right in that son of a plumber's pooper 




 But it's THE MOST ELECTRIFYING MOVE IN AAAAAAALLLLLLL OF ENTERTAINMENT! 




 Vince and Pat Patterson used to spit roast Dusty Rhodes 




 Wow! Dick much? 




 Except for Cena if I'm not mistaken 




 Some say Puppet H is hitting it on Road Dogg to this day 




 That's not what I meant by protected.  I meant it's protected in that it is rarely kicked out of, with the exception of big matches (i.e. Taker at Wrestlemania matches) 




 Tombstone, Stone Cold Stunner, Rock Bottom.  Pretty much moves that only get kicked out of in big time matches 




 That is all this guy does when he posts and comments 




 You're an idiot... they are putting these guys in competitive matches with cena that showcase them and that they can hang with the top guy in the company.  You don't have to lose to someone to put them over.  Yes it can be done that way but it's not the only way.  But I don't expect you to take anything anyone says as legit unless they 100% agree with what you are saying so I guess I am wasting my time on a lost cause that is you. 




 Cum on Nicki! 




 Lobster Head! 




 Replace Sheamus with Neville 




 http://i.qkme.me/2she.jpg 




 I like how I get downvoted for enjoying a joke.  Sorry I'm not a puppet like y'all 




 Nice.. you get my upvote good sir 




 Yeah Jarret started fucking Angle's wife (well ex I believe at the time) and then they turned it into a storyline in TNA and they got married irl 




 This is legit the one thing that I had missed last night that I wanted to see... thank you 




 aka a "Gassy Canadian" 




 Because it's TNA and they are a sinking ship.  They are just falling hard.  And now there is GFW which has grabbed guys like Sanada and they are on the fast track to being better than TNA in terms of a company that is run well and in having a better product. 




 RIP you fat greasy mustard tiger 




 I knew, when this happened, that it wouldn't be long till someone did a Brazzers meme/gif/picture of it.  Very good stuff there 




 Career Suicide 




 http://www.quickmeme.com/img/05/05f2214ea0889c526b0bd08e545778da0256e262f465535554f6c6b40f246a43.jpg 




 Jesus Christ, what is with the fire crotch tat on that chick in the middle? lol 




 Not as good as Doink... hell not even as good as Dink 









 C'mon. The Red is a ~~good~~ song! 




 This has been posted so many times already 




 So that one match made the whole PPV a disappointment?  You say you're disappointed but then only talk about one storyline.  What about the BRC v New Day match, or the awesome I Quit match, or the Ryback v Wyatt match? 




 Mini-Shield-Reunion 




 You had me hooked until Chevelle.  God they are a horrible band 




 That is just awesome 




 Pepperoni, chicken fingers (not even the good ones) and the other two I forget 




 Roman Reigns for [Maybelline](http://i.imgur.com/MVKnrLJ.jpg) 




 You have obviously never had Merrimack water.  Makes Manchester water taste like Evian 




 Five Star Frog Splash, or any top rope splash for that matter 




 I loved the Angle/Joe feud at that point... such great stuff 




 Randy Orton's Kmart commercial

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YteUshVwCFU 




 I agree completely 




 Don't be a negative nancy 




 The curbstomp in theory is a good move... it just rarely if ever looks good when he hits it.  The set up is never believable in that his opponents would never irl just sit in that position long enough for him to set up and hit it.  




 I like how you just make up some bs about him being put in a comic tag team.   You have no clue what will happen with his character so stop jumping to conclusions 




 I was a fan before that... a Rosebud Hipster so to speak lol 




 "WHAT THE FUCK IS A HI-DIDDLY-DO!"  "NED FLANDERS IS YOUR HOOKUP, HOLLAR IF YA HEAR ME!" 




 Between injuries and being at times too outspoken I think they feel they may not be able to rely on him.  And I wouldn't say he is excellent in the ring.  He is good, but not excellent.  He can sell very well which he has going for him. 




 I never said anything about wwe being better or tna's being better.   Tna women's wrestlers could be the best in the world,  but if they aren't given the chance to go out there and give it their all then it doesn't matter if they are there.  




 It's supposed to be a play on tna changing people's names when they come in.   so William pumpkin smasher is Billy Corgan of the smashing pumpkins who is now doing creative 




 [This](http://tinyurl.com/le6hatd) 




 And God said unto Abraham, you shalt kill your son Isaac.  And Abraham replied "OH MY GOD!" 




 Who the hell is Jorah Mormont? 




 Well Bryan obviously, but who is this CM Punk you speak of? 




 Whoever doesn't get RKO'd by Orton 




 [This one](https://whatistheexcel.com/wooobooru/_images/aa7ed4e5dfbd82e22c5e407d03f05a20/644%20-%20lobster%20photoshop%20sheamus%20wwe.png) and [this one](http://s7.photobucket.com/user/PromotionCorZ/media/sig.jpg.html) 




 The jumping enzuguiri/kick that Roillins does when his opponent flips him on the ropes 




 At least they put the king "gimmick" on a Brit.  Nothing was more cringe worthy than Booker T and his fake British accent as King Bookah 




 Because Ryback embodies things that Wyatt doesn't like.   




 Vintage divorces John! 




 How does buying TNA change anything?  WWE had Gail Kim, Kong, Taryn.. and nothing was any different.  It's not in who you have, it's in how you handle who you have. 




 I stand by my words, and don't plan on taking them back lol 




 Rosa Mendes, Cameron, Pre-Kendrick Eva Marie 




 I like how the writer includes King Mo in the list of "important" people that left.  Like King Mo did anything for their product. 




 Ricky Steamboat is one I have never heard anything bad said about 




 How in god's name is Eric Young coming off as legit psycho?  He has hands down the worst heel characters.  The world elite thing was ridiculous and now he is this hairy angry man.  He is one of those wrestlers that will always be better as a face. 




 Don't be a maa facka...  




 Ziggler is a poor man's Mr Perfect

Summer Rae is a poor man's Maryse

 




 Don't appologize... I was just messing with you too lol.  I got what you were going at lol, especially given your username 




 The slow pan up from behind on Mark Henry during his entrance.  Always a good way to accentuate his size and stature.  




 Uhaa Nation 




 Jumped up and tore his anus 




 Mehaa Republic 




 I'm implying activities that Hornswoggle has been engaging in while not on television.  Nothing sexual in what I stated.  So the better question is what are "you" implying? 




 "It was me r/squaredcircle!  It was me, u/MetsFan4Ever all along!" 




 The movie [Small Soldiers](http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090323014200/smallsoldiers/images/a/a5/3160383925_42e04a99fc.jpg) 




 Kip Ziggles vs. "The Hennigma" Joey Axel 




 A good one? 




 "What's William Pumpkin Smasher doing in the Impact Zone!" 




 [The Missing Link](http://www.wwe.com/f/styles/superstar_bio/public/talent/bio/2012/03/missinglink_main_bio.png) 




 I'm afraid I've got some bad news!  It seems that our beloved boss Mr McMahon will be stepping down as CEO of the company and will be replaced by Mr Kevin Dunn.  Thank you very much! 




 Things Hornswoggle has been doing in his absence from TV 




 Jimmy Snuka was from Fiji 




 Terra? 




 Make sure you watch Live in Fuckin Dublin... great stuff there 




 LOLCENAWINS exists because some jabroni online decided they would try to be cool and create something because they were upset that someone was scripted winning matches. 




 after I did... you just said it better 




 The underhook facebuster... simple enough 




 Wyatt has been getting feuds, solid promo time, and a Mania match with Taker.  That is thriving.  Reigns won the Rumble and faced Lesnar for the title at Mania and is still in the title picture.  That is thriving.  Rusev had an extremely long undefeated streak and held the US title and is having matches with the top dog of the company.  That is thriving. 




 It was intended to be because he was bad mouthing the authority and so they were cutting his microphone to stifle him 




 So the fact that we have so many talents from NXT thriving on the main roster means nothing?   
























 Hey I put SPOILERS in the title.  You know the drill with that. 




 I honestly have never been excited to see him come out because I know it;s always the same thing.  "I showoff!"  then gyrations, then he gets his ass kicked, oversells, does his # moves of doom, gets beat on more, and occasionally hits the zig zag 




 And that is what is wrong with so many viewers nowadays.  They feel they are entitled to whatever they want from the company.  They owe you nothing other than to put on a show a few nights a week. 




 stop...HAMMERTIME! 




 That Rusev is injured, and so is Sasha Banks, and that Brock Lesnar is returning, and all the other stupid repeat posts people have been making all day long... 




 Except for the fact that really similar stuff like that has happened in WWE 




 Benoit's family 




 more like hours late.  I saw it on here this morning 




 Bret Hart vs Mr McMahon at Mania or Cena vs John Laurinitis at Over the Limit 




 Mark Henry 




 That's greasy 




 I know he's said it about Jeff Hardy before 




 It was [this guy](http://www.quickmeme.com/img/72/72ba8493efb1dc541c184e1f06c5e87f3c3f006282d42ff12fc5564586976e32.jpg) 




 NXT's #1 attacker! 




 Either [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNj39wwM6IY) or [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv86El--KhY) (given he doesn't return before then) 




 La Resistance trying to [put Spike Dudley through a table](https://38.media.tumblr.com/7dc3dacda53278ab4d0d0272bdd5aea9/tumblr_n4g77lIfBv1sbzhteo7_400.gif) 




 God I remember seeing this before.  Easily could have ended much worse 




 true, but that style fit his character so well.  He was that reckless with his body carefree risk taker 




 yup... makes it so much worse 




 [A-Train dropping Benoit on the chair](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTKi-ZJ9g20) 




 You never know ;-) 




 Sadly no... or am I? 




 Curtis Axel... awesome wrestler (hell even was chosen to help The Rock train for his comeback), just stuck with shitty gimmicks. 




 I agree with you, but unfortunately I am not in the company so I have no clue why they make the decisions they do lol 




 You pretty much nailed it with the costs.  It is expensive to build and transport them. 




 Is that supposed to be a superkick?  Because that is the weakest looking one I have ever seen 




 He had a pretty bad leg injury that he had surgery for 




 HHH is busy  




 This past season (9) was awesome when he couldn't have the drink in the park but would still hold his arm and hand in the position as if he still had the drink. 




 [You look so good to me](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/IKiAFepJNi4/maxresdefault.jpg) 




 I'm saying everyone has the right to post what they want on this sub given it is within the rules of it.  And the last time I looked fantasy booking was not prohibited on here.  And once again let me say that you chose to read this post even though you knew going in you were going to be negative about it.  And you offered no criticism other than saying you hate how people make these posts.  Instead you could have just kept your mouth shut and commented on other posts that are on the sub that "fit the mold" of what you think should be posted here. 




 You are a miserable one aren't you?  Who gives a shit if someone wants to fantasy book a match?  It has no bearing on you or your life.  You can easily tell by the title of the post that it is someone's fantasy booking and yet you still read it and why?  To just be an asshole to someone else?  I really wish this subreddit had a "no being an asshole to people who make a fantasy booking match" rule. 




 Oh yeah, they were brother and sister and the plan was for them to have this incestuous relationship.  But it never came to fruition 




 Bailey could put me in a bear hug any day 




 The Katie Lee and Paul Burchill incest storyline 




 Reminds me of [Hellraiser](http://www.joblo.com/images_arrownews/tumblr_ljiui6wBUO1qzcgluo1_500.jpg)  warning NSFW 




 True. .. too many land on their upper back/neck area and it looks so bad 




 German suplexes? 




 Denial is a hell of a thing.  I feel so sorry for you. 




 It's ok for you to be wrong 




 yes you have 




 Again, you have failed in saying something funny.  Hate to burst your bubble 




 God this is hands-down the worst joke on this sub.  I cringe every time someone says it.  Makes me want to punch a kitten. 




 Cena v Rusev could have done without the russian chain match 




 ECW, Straight Edge, Cult Leader, Tough Guy, Best in the World, Paul Heyman, Title reign, Whiny, Quitter...  




 And you believe that liar? 




 You are an angry one aren't you? 




 The Mega Powers/Two Man Power Trip 




 For me it was between that and the "Let's talk about the match" sign 




 You need proper time to actually build towards it.  Not hey Sunday here's a bunch of teams in a match. 




 So how would you have changed it up while still building towards the ~~PPV~~ Network Special and building up the feuds? 




 Wyatt: Hey brother... want to team up?

Bo: OK 




 Who let Steiner post in this sub? 




 I do like how they have had guys that take the US challenge kick out of it the first time, because it adds to how important that match for that title is. 




 True, but even when he wasn't just in big matches, it wasn't a move that would be kicked out of regularly.  But yeah I get what you're saying 




 And a downvote for you because you just had to say something lol 




 He got too drunk off of Steiner Screwdrivers and forgot his password 




 Tombstone... rarely kicked out of unless it is a big time match. 




 Ryder and Henry would be better... That's What I Woo Woo Woo! 




 He could always answer the open challenge.  A feud between him and Cena would be a breath of fresh air. 




 I know Gail Kim does it all the time in TNA and I believe she used it when she was in WWE both times but I could be mistaken 




 Reminds me of the movie [Daylight](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daylight_%28film%29) 




 Rated straight 




 Here we see Andy Levine, bagging groceries at a supermarket.   




 Apart from the Show thing he has been in title contention and in the main events and main even feuds.  I think the big thing is that he is coming into his gimmick more naturally now than when it was him doing vince promos every week. 




 Reddit does not ever stay on something for long without flip flopping.  Remember how much hatred there was for Reigns on here before Mania?  It was to the point where people wanted him fired and legitimately injured.  Now the hatred is so much less. 




 **Glass Shatters** 




 HE does matter... or else he wouldn't be getting promo and match time.  He wouldn't be getting feuds, he wouldn't fight Taker at Mania. 




 Sabin, Shelley 




 Uhaa, BReeze, Joe, Becky, Bailey, Enzo/Cass, Dubstep Cowboys 




 Joemoa Sam 




 Technically there was a point in TNA when Rhyno's character changed to this drunk alcoholic.  But that isn't really too much of a gimmick change 




 People worrying about his name being Owens now and I'm just sitting here wondering why Armbar is just armbar and not steen-alized? 




 But what about DX's tanks? 




 Hardy may not have gotten injured... he just had his other issues 




 It is really funny how absolutely true this is. 




 I have a theory on this... every time someone asks where he is, he is kept off TV a month longer.  That is why he will never be back on TV. 




 True... it was just Nash booking himself to do it that was the big issue 




 But they are already an established tag team that has beaten many teams.  Would you say the same thing if the Dudley's reunited at the same time, or if ShowMiz did, or Rybaxel? 




 And PTP do?  They have had a bunch of vignettes and that's it apart from the run in last Monday 




 Everything has come to life! 




 Nash ending Goldberg's winning streak 




 No I get it... I can't stand either because they both look so horrid to me.  But I guess if I had a choice it would be Spam lol 




 Wait, you'll eat Vienna Sausages but not Spam?!?! 




 Kevin Dunn and Vince Russo are now running NXT 




 Me no likey Cena.  Me never happy with anything.  Wah for you.  I and many others are not stupid and actually realize that things are changing.  You just need a reason to hate on Cena because you think it is the cool thing to do. 




 Vader... yes he works stiff but he is big, bad ass, intimidating, and surprisingly agile for a man his size (i.e. [Vadersault](http://i.minus.com/imzGizT5nqOJL.gif)) 




 Download the app and watch the network on that.  Enter your internet provider info 




 May 19th is Kane Day.  There was a storyline years ago about how something horrible happened to him on May 19th and there was this presence that kept reminding him of it.  An imposter Kane showed up mask and all and the whole thing culminated in Kane throwing the imposter out of the building and taking the mask.  Then nothing happened with it.  Decent build but horrible outcome.  

P.S. The imposter Kane was played by Festus/Luke Gallows/Doc 




 What Stephanie was really doing during her absence from TV 









 The closest thing I can think of is not so much doing it before hand but having to do it because they were locked in it and couldn't get out.  This was Bobby Lashley in the Extreme Elimination Chamber at December to Dismember 




 The first one, only because it was so innovative and it saw the Return of Shawn Michaels.  Also I have to give the runner up to the Extreme Elimination Chamber at December to Dismember because it was the first time with the whole weapons in the chamber pods thing. 




 January 23 - XPac 




 HEY! WHAT'S ZACKIE E DOING IN THE IMPACT ZONE!?!? 




 Santino... I mean he beat Umaga for the Intercontinental Championship 




  Literally no one today on the main roster uses the powerbomb in any variation.

not sure where in here you said the word "finishers"? 




 Rollins does the turnbuckle powerbomb in almost every match he is in! 




 Harper does a sit down powerbomb, Rollins does the turnbuckle powerbomb... 




 Woods is a tag champ right now, so no go on him.  Neville is feuding with Bo Dallas, Stardust is seemingly on his way to going back to Cody, Harper is back to teaming with Rowan so they will probably find a way to be in the chamber. 




 Filming another movie 




 Cancer kids hate Cena - Cena




 
























