 Common - The Light 









 'I threw a barbecue when Reagan died,' he says. 'Straight the fuck up-a Reagan's Dead Barbecue. Kept it negro as a  motherfucker.' Awsome. http://www.villagevoice.com/2012-05-16/music/el-p-and-killer-mike-survivors/ 




 This exhibit is in St. Louis now. They have the TNG bridge and a transporter pad as well. 




 The R.A. verse is great and Stoup did an amazing job as always. But man Vinnie Paz is clumsy. 




 This doesn't really answer your question but it was the first thing i thought of when i read it. http://hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/2906.html 
If it sounds like something you want to dig into further i can email you the the paper in a .pdf   









 I feel the way every time i hear someone talking about the Constitution and original intent. 




 I read an interview with Frank Zane a while back. He talked how he would always look in the mirror and see something else to work on and improve, never being satisfied. This is a guy who had what is widely considered one of the most developed physiques of all time, was at the top of the bodybuilding world, and he was never really comfortable with his body even in his prime. Yeah, thats something that can keep you driven in that kind of competitive environment but there is also something really dysfunctional about it.  I think about that sometimes to keep things in perspective.  




 My first thought when i saw this. http://i.imgur.com/uJdJ3.jpg 




 I just figured they moved it to http://nation.foxnews.com/ 




 Torres defense is bullshit.  He may have lined that hit up while Hossa had possession but after the poke check Hossa had time to turn, locate the puck, and take 2 strides. You cant tell me Torres didnt have time to try and avoid contact.  It was late and he clearly launched himself.  Torres was a dirtbag with Vancouver and hes a dirtbag now.

The right rules are in place to stop hits like this. The refs and the league should be embarrassed that there was no call.
 




 Hes articulating something I think about fairly regularly. Im not a Christian, Im not an atheist either. I consider myself more of a Panenthiest but I sympathize with a lot of the arguments that are made by atheists. However, I have a real problem with the way a lot of atheists approach religious people or religion in general as if there are no distinctions to be made between a everyday religious belief and the most egregious examples of fundamentalist insanity.
 




 great awareness by Perron to extend the leg and stay on side 




 That fucking trumpet needs to vanish forever. 




 See you guys at the game tonight. GO BLUES! 




 The Blues? National press love? I Dont believe it. 




 Google the headline of any WSJ article to bypass the paywall. 



















 That Burgland, Andy Mac, Perron line is fuckin beast. Still anxious to get Steen and Dags back.  




 Points for coming out and saying it instead of bullshit pseudoscience I guess. 




 Garth is probably right on this.  Start building muscle first. Take your time and get your routine sorted out. The added muscle will increase your at rest metabolism and make it easier to shed the fat over the long term. Do all the little things that boost your metabolism and get the fat burning going while you are getting bigger. Drink tons of water, eat small high protein meals every 2 to 3 hours, cardio in the morning if possible.  









 Ill throw down a hundy that says natural causes is a euphemism for in his closet, dick in hand, surrounded by pictures of Reagan, with an extension cord around his neck like David Carradine. 




 Ebionites. Couldnt think of it earlier. They were early Christians who insisted that Jesus was just a man. The messiah, but just a man. 




 The synoptics are also propagandistic, written by men familiar with Jewish scripture to convince Jewish communities of the day that Jesus was the promised messiah. Performing wonders, especially wonders associated with classic Jewish symbols of divine authority fits with that idea. Saying that performing wonders means Jesus was God still seems like a leap to me. While Jesus was certainly an apocalyptic preacher and taught of an impending judgment by the son of man it is not until the later gospels that  he claims to be this figure. There was an enormous amount of diversity of opinion in the early Christian world as to the nature of Jesus.  Just as a couple examples, some Gnostic communities believed Jesus and the Christ to be two wholly separate entities where Jesus was simply a temporary vessel for this divine spirit which abandoned him at the crucifixion causing him to cry out father why have you forsaken me. Others believed Jesus became the Christ only at his crucifixion. Others, somewhat later, said it was at his baptism. Still later, he was born the Christ.  There is a theological progression in the ancient texts building toward the idea of Jesus as man and God. But it is not fully articulated until nearly a century after his death and not settled as a point of dispute between Christian communities until several centuries after that(if it has truly been settled at all). Start with the earliest Gospel Mark, then Mathew, then Luke, then John and read them horizontally, the progression becomes quite pronounced. 




 How about Mathew, Mark and Luke? We dont get any explicit references to the divinity of Jesus until John which was written much later. And just to clarify Im not saying that they state he was not divine, Im just saying that they dont say that he WAS divine. It just seems like a pretty important point to omit given the centrality of the claim to later Christian beliefs.  




 Fighting helps the game police itself. I actually think the leagues crack down on fighting has contributed to the rise in concussions. Whats a 2 minute sit down next to having your ass kicked? 


































 Oh, you 




 One of my favorite tony twist moments, I dont remember the year but Its opening game of the season. The Blues win 1 zip over the Sabers on the strength of goal that goes in off of Tony Twists skate.  Post game interview Tony gets asked, how does it feel to be the top scorer on the team? Youre on a pace to score 82 goals! 
 




 Keenan. Not a player i know but... Fuck Keenan.  




 http://i.imgur.com/Rc2uK.gif 




 they're delicious. 









 I don't know if i would say it's better in terms of pure production but it's up there and it's certainly a more complete overall record. 




 Dunno if you've checked out the new Killer Mike record but in my mind it's probably the best work that El-P has ever done. 




 Factory 81 




 I wouldn't hold my breath for later this year but Del and Dan the Automator do release updates from time to time. They are working on it. 




 My brother lives in a building nearby and sent me these.
http://i.imgur.com/uzaCoh.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/1zJeoh.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/sb7XD.jpg 




 Prometheus Bound 









 *ahem* http://i.imgur.com/ja5yV.jpg
 




 word. he can be injured on Detroit's payroll.  




 I thought it was Michelle Wie

 




 He'll always be Carcetti to me 









 *lightbulb* man, I cant believe I forgot about EGM 




 Yeah, totally thought it was Kyle Gass 









 it was a dark time 




 The clown Jerseys? yeah, god awful. 




 missing this one http://i.imgur.com/HybSZ.jpg 




 God those trumpet jerseys were bad.  When I hear ugly jersey the 78-84 Canucks jerseys are the first to come to mind. http://i.imgur.com/TSYDl.jpg 
 




 he who must not be named 




 upvote for the deadwood gif. 









 I see it as a cultural construct; a place to put the others who dont belong.  Hell was invented by people who were very sure they were not going there.

Unless you're willing to accept double predestination I don't think you can reconcile the christian concept of grace with the existence of hell. The Biblical support for the idea of hell is dicey at best. 




 City Museum. http://citymuseum.org 
























 307 for us. Look for the big hammered guy in the Brock Sampson shirt. GO BLUES! 




 represent 




 what the fuck is happening with that woman in the back? 




 I've been waiting for this to make its appearance as a gif. Thank you! 




 On the xbox you can switch between the home and away feed. I don't know if apps on other devices can do the same but it might be worth looking into.
I'm in market but don't have cable so I've been using a vpn and sharing that connection with my xbox to watch games all season. 




 No. The surgery went well and he is recovering. He is back at work actually. 




 St. Louis, MO 




 yeah, he was in shock 




 6 or 7 months ago 




 I wouldn't say it's compelling but i always found Anselm's ontological argument interesting.  It's intellectual slight of hand but kind of fun in a way. To me it seems like the Christian version of the Tao Te Ching's "the Tao that can be named is not the eternal Tao"

http://www.princeton.edu/~grosen/puc/phi203/ontological.html 




 A guy i know went to Sky Zone indoor trampoline park. I guess Its all fun and games until your break your fucking foot off.  

His brother sent me this right after.  The connective tissue didn't even break it all just wrapped around to the side.

Edit: Removed extraneous detail for clarity.  









 Blows me away every time i see it. SO dirty. 




 outstanding 




 worse = better 




 Its been 300 years since a dire wolf has been seen south of the wall... 




 fucking NBC http://i.imgur.com/qeUxngp.jpg 




 JAX JAX JAX 




 I hope you get murdered by your Muslim family for expressing yourself. 




 Fingers crossed for a Steen intermission interview. He has no time for bullshit when hes in game mode. 




 STAG 




 "1) Are all American war dead heroic because, if nothing else, they had the courage to volunteer for service knowing they might ultimately give their life for their country? That seems heroic to me. But if they're all heroes, does it follow that everyone in the military is a hero? Why is dying necessary? And if everyone who volunteers is a hero, what about the guys who would go AWOL if sent to fight, or who assault their commanding officer, or who run away in combat? What about the ones who are dishonorably discharged? Was Bradley Manning a hero? Had Lynndie England died in Iraq, would she have been a hero? 

2) What about people who volunteer for foreign armed forces? Are they all heroic? Or does it depend upon their country? If an American helping to liberate Libya would've been a hero had he died in action, shouldn't the Germans from NATO engaged in the same conflict be heroes too? What about the Islamic fundamentalists fighting alongside NATO? Heroes?  

3) What about the morality of the cause? Does anyone think brave Nazi soldiers during the World War II era were heroes? How about the soldiers in Stalin's army? Does the nature of the mission matter, so that a Soviet soldier who died liberating a death camp was a hero, whereas another who died while ravaging German civilians he was ordered to take revenge upon isn't? There's this reality to confront: if bestowing the title hero has nothing to do with the rightness or wrongness of the cause or mission, we'll have to grant the honorific to individuals who took part in deeply immoral acts... and yet, if the mission does matter, do we really want to deny the heroism of a GI who jumped on a grenade to save his platoon, even if we think the platoon's presence in country X was immoral? It's a confounding choice. 

4) Speaking of jumping on grenades, isn't "hero" often invoked in common parlance as if it means even more than serving and dying? For example, when we hear someone described as "a World War II hero," don't we expect that he did more than fall overboard and drown en route to the D-Day invasion? Don't we assume from that adjective that he undertook some dangerous mission, or distinguished himself in combat, like the younger Bailey brother in It's a Wonderful Life? Were the average American to watch From Here to Eternity, would he or she call Robert E. Lee Prewitt a hero?

5) And say, for the sake of argument, that all American war dead are heroes, strictly defined, but that the word and its emotional resonance is being manipulated by advocates of an imprudent war. Is it better to give soldiers an honorific they deserve, consequences be damned, or to withhold an honorific they deserve to prevent future soldiers from needlessly dying?"

Taken from In Defense of Chris Hayes by Conor Friedersdorf following the dust up over Hayes' "I'm uncomfortable with the word hero" remarks on memorial day of last year.
http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2012/05/in-defense-of-chris-hayes/257744/ 




 That's the Calvinist doctrine of double predestination. I believe the Presbyterians were the last main line denomination to abandon it and that was a hundred years ago.  




 Rooooooooooob!!!!! 




 this gif just made this entire sub worth it. 









 Not just dying off, theyre the primary drivers of the very spending growth and budget deficits the GOP runs against every election cycle. Its kind of crazy. 









 where are the thigh high Spockings? 




 you just wrinkled my brain 




 Can I get one of these that says Fuck you Catelyn Stark?" 
























