 poor little puppy has no idea whats going on 




 do you happen to sell propane and propane accessories? 




 If you could change your name to one in spanish, what would you choose, and what last name would you choose? 




 The foolish man stays and videotapes. 




 but remember they're
as effective as a sheepskin condom on Magic Johnson 




 For you and for those who don't know, I'm sorry to say, its reference to a video of a guy who has sex with a horse, then dies of the injuries. It's from a video. 









 why is there a dildo in it's mouth? 




 If I had that bag, I would put the handle on my face and use it as a mask 




 lol cool 




 I also love Ranch Dressing 




 Dude you are gonna get shot by a cop in self defense cause theyre gonna feel threatened by your shirt. 




 that's some vandalism we can appreciate 




 His level is over 9000! 




 A cop watching this at home would have drawn his gun and shot his computer in self defense 




 yeah and it actually looked like he threw himself on purpose 




 *tips cap* 




 It looks like your dog has a huge heart shape on its back. Pretty cool. 




 is his name coincidentally also Harry? 




 he's sucking your life force 




 you should have titled it "this bathroom has three different types of urinals" because most restrooms have 3 urinals 
 




 At least you have a free drink when you're thirsty 




 I liked how it stared  at the camera after ramming it as if saying "did you get that? wasn't that awesome?'' 




 Is that Greedo in the cupholder? 









 Hes gonna get all the ladies when he grows up 




 I think anti-climb paint is pretty self explanatory 




 which are you 




 Now I see a cop I can be friends with 




 birds sitting on their chicks 




 Yeah he's sitting on the baby to keep him warm 




 that looks more like a "Bitch Please" face. Don't you [think](http://i.imgur.com/QpWKSAa.png) 




 at least that way you know the cat actually cares about you 




 [Yeah it kind of does](http://i.imgur.com/dBf3aBv.png) 




 Is his name crown, king? or what is that on his collar badge 




 Mega feminists these days 




 the guy behind the dinosaur looks like he's about to get shat on 




 when you see it...you'll shit bricks
 




 His tires are too big 




 Do you want the stick? 




 this happens when you hear your SO is home alone.. 




 Its from the brand Dejablue, but it is still a six pack even though its canned water 




 That guy in the back is very casually grabbing his balls 




 No no he's trying to seduce you, didn't you see that wink and sly smile? 




 Step 2: Sell sponges

Step 3: Profit 




 It looks like Peter is grinning at the error message 




 your grandfather was Mr. Rodgers? 




 At least they weren't jacking off like the rest of the people there 




 Yeah you actually saved the cats from him 




 I tell this to people who call me fat. 




 Step One: Fuck up Cars
Step Two: Profit 




 You should buy him some soup 




 You should sound your car's alarm  




 You have a furry Penis 




 I hope that tractor isn't driving that trash home. 




 ok thanks 




 I know its weird, but can you tell me what that gray thing says by her head? it it Pink, Think, Drink...Chink? 




 you need to wash those 














 [Spiders](http://i.imgur.com/hggHUTn.png) 


































 All that is missing is the Plane to land in 


































 Tesla makes nice cars
 









 oh cool 



















 Hmmm. im not sure I get this one. Is it that there's a UFO in the sky? 




 what you do? Im in high school and i need your body 



















 I laughed so hard, everyone in the library thought i was fucking retarded or something 




 yeah it makes me saab too 









 that cat is very cute 




 yeah its a saab 









 I was liking this, until I saw the creepy ass clown 




 http://imgur.com/jVKIyFd 


































 sorry this is a Bald Eagle. Im not American 







































 there is a bug shit on that chopstick 




 "Oh, don't worry, the postmaster just called and said he made a mistake and couldn't sent the letters. That's why your friends couldn't make it" 




 yeah, now he has a ring 




 At first I thought the fish was flying in the background, but then i saw the arrow 




 can you tell us what that red circle [is?] (http://i.imgur.com/VvslegK.png) 




 reminds me of this [show off] (http://i.imgur.com/sMJAQ4R.gif) 




 no no no, my mom weighs waaaay more than 3 pounds 




 reminds me of [this cat!](http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/32e7yx/my_cat_the_philosopher/) 




 Better not miss the game! 




 well that's one long ass shoe 









 It was the red pants 




 have you used one before? 




 they should have stuck pepperonis on pikachu's cheeks 




 but there are potatoes 




 what is poking out under his shirt? 




 well your cat is really nice looking 




 Barber: what you want fam?
Me: Thug Life cut short 




 I wonder what he's thinking about 




 the cat also needs to have a fedora too 




 where is the proud mother of those chicks? 
























 damn feminist 





























 Why Hasn't anyone commented that this dude has no teeth? 




 dude she has to be on her knees. There is no way she is half as tall as the door 




 I feel very awkward reading this post. Your Username is Orphan_Babies, and now you post of holding a baby of your own for the first time. Is it adopted, and did you plan this a year ago and thats how you chose your Username? 









 your daughter is a cute puppy!? what are you gonna give her when you get home? 



















 my dry cleaner sometimes go above and beyond and give me a little flower with my clothes 




 I flattered myslef in thinking the cat was saying to me, "you handsome young devil, you" 
























 Weren't you on shark tank? 




 i can feel a circle jerk forming out of this 




 you can see the guy in the back slowly judging her 




 Awww cute dogs 




 I want to hear a feminist complain now 




 Everyone is gonna get this tattoo now, just like someone did from that black and blue... I mean white and gold dress 




 Aaron's new team
http://i.imgur.com/KatT3tz.jpg 




 yeah exactly. If your an asshole, then your an asshole, but if you are rich, give thanks to God for your riches, and treat people right, than you are ok 




 Is your windshield broken, of is it the camera lens that's broken? 




 The NSA probably sponsored theses bathrooms stalls to fight terrorism. "*its to protect the public*" they say.  




 your wish has been granted 




 what's more interesting is that you have man hands 




 the 25 cents you give the homeless man are adding up... 




 It would be so funny if he uses the force and actually ties his shoes 









 He's a statue street performer not a mime. 




 or you did that and put it for the karma 









 Its ok because all dogs go to heaven 




 Its ok because all dogs go to heaven 




 I can see the disappointment in his face 




 holy shit 














 [immediately thought of this] (http://affordental.com/wp-content/uploads/10-Sofia-Vergara-without-teeth.jpg) 




 When you see it...you'll shit bricks 




 yeah what if we want to say "I *have to get to* the ASPCA and adopt a cute puppy!" 




 They look like some girls coming back from the night club... 




 Get laid 




 I'm glad Norm has not stopped working and makes wheelbarrows and clocks for people. I've noticed people that retire wish they could go back again. I myself have a Grandpa who will turn 94, and he still hasn't stopped working. He says his body would slow down, and that he gets sick if he doesn't work. Keep busy Norm!
And Haappy Birthday! 




 reminded me of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4do3Kus2nQ 









 Please NSFW my teacher walked by and was like "what the hell are you watching?" 




 I like how the baby and you look at each other just like Eeyore and Winnie the pooh in the background 




 How would the dogs push the button on the side? 




 Holy shit this means we just witnessed a home break in  




 It actually looks quite balanced 




 I see the chicken the trend is chicken on the head now... 




 whoever put the "k" in knife killed it... 




 or "bologna" 




 yeah doesn't the sound of silence sound great? 




 apron boner
 
























