 it has. http://www.reddit.com/r/eyebombing/comments/1oyukj/eyebombing_conan/  




 thank you! 




 noobish question, what's re-rolling?  




 Still available? 




 For a girl who's stuck in Socal, I miss Norcal. 




 Not to mention, Oakland is pretty beautiful... sometimes. Depends where you're at. 




 he IS SudokuDennis  




 Taste the rainbow...? 




 In the original book, the slippers were originally silver (something symbolic, don't remember what) and that they made the slippers ruby in the movie because it was the first movie shown in color... yeup...

Edit: by original book, I meant "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" by L. Frank Baum 
























 I just need oneeeee A rank lightning. I got stuck with 3 A rank fillys at the start. :p Evolving filly was a pain. I got a lot of repeats. :(  




 My last four invokations were all Noel, The Puppeteer. Is my luck that shitty or are invokations lies :( My SO got Noel too, as well as my 'other' account. 

It seriously sucks that I haven't gotten anything other than Noel 




 UC Irvine doesn't have a football team... 




 Went through HUNDREDS of goody bags and haven't found any kittens :( (Okay, I lied, it was like a few bags) 




 It's a goody bag, not sure about the pumpkin pet.  









 it's waves of monsters with like 2k health WAVES. you get like a bunch of mini bosses, mourning wood included. Got to wave 10 with my friend.  




 i'm stuck at 34 candies :( 




 unrelated: i can't get my candies. I press and hold and it says "trick or treat" but nothing happens and goes back to if I never press and held it. 
























 Teemo is such a butt turd licking butt. I want my oracles back ;-; The only pure enjoyment I have when fighting against a Teemo is killing him. 

(My boyfriend and I have a great relationship. :P He hates it when I give him skins, too much pride in that man. We just both dislike Teemo...) 




 If you get gifted with a skin on sale lower than 520 with a higher base price, you'll get a refund. So, technically you're not allowed to get gifted skins on sale. :(  




 Gifted my boyfriend two teemo skins... He hates me and our relationship is in ruins. Thanks teemo  




 Is it me or is the PC one only listing the base price with no sale? I've been wanting this expansion for a while. 




 THANK YOU! I didn't know which kind of tutorial video to watch :( 




 So should I just build around where I originally spawn? How do I navigate these hills? 




 I just bought the game during the Steam Community Choice sale and I'm having trouble. Any tips for a complete newbie? 




 assassin master yi 




 Anyone notice how when Hurt's about to press the big red button, 10 and 11 are standing side by side with Clara behind 11 and "Rose" behind 10? 
























