 Technically he was already the 44th President. His election was 4 yours ago. 




 They're raping Indie. 









 Whats funny is these kids probably use Reddit and will think they are cool for being on the top of the front page. 









 What you didn't see is he is really jumping over a commoner.  




 It could...If the neighbours don't open the door to give you sweets then you huff and you puff and you Fus Ro Dah their house down.  




 On a lighter note, I really enjoyed the graphic artist. Maybe he should further his career then follow a shallow path...oh god i'm going to hell. 




 That cat loves pot. 




 "When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold" is one of the best hip-hop albums I have ever heard and probably will be to date. More human and realistic lyrics then the likes of current artists. 
























 Wheres Solid Snake? 




 Agreed, good story and plot but was executed terribly. 














 Bill Murray. 









 Live long and prosper...if you can. 




 Yeah but what part of Bristol do you live in? 




 Romney winning the election. 




 Yes, a thousands times yes. 
























 Swear down. It isn't built yet and there were two Croatian men building it. We asked and they said it was ok. I can provide proof if needed but they are filming GoT in Dubrovnik right now. I also met Brienne today so check my profile. 














 I thought it was a solid summer blockbuster and was surprised at how much I enjoyed myself. I had read a few reviews and the concept interested me so I gave it a watch. The plot, characters and setting were able to hold my attention throughout the film and I thought the ending was probably one of the best Disney have ever done.  














 The room is pitch black, the only light shown is from the computer monitor. A large dark figure is at the chair, light gleaming off his glasses while he types in a large red font "Half Life 3 is not going to happen"  









 Yo mama so fat that Obi Wan Kenobi said "that ain't no moon... that yo mama". 




 Are you not scared of your flat being possessed due to it being over a Mexican burial ground?  
























