 Thank you. I found pretty much the same job. Looks like my trade is the same as a millwright or industrial machinery mechanic 




 I was looking for jobs today mostly in the US (I'm from Australia) and couldn't seem to find my trade anywhere. I'm a mechanical fitter tradesman and hold a certificate 3 in mechanical engineering (fitter and machinist) and was wondering if there even is such a trade in the US or anywhere else. Thanks in advance if you reply.  




 Well I'm glad it's not just me then 




 Or is it just me? 




 I was a chewy taco. Thought it was quite good 









 Looks like Tom from MySpace 




 the biggest i have in my tool-bag is a 46mm, but I have used a 130mm socket attached to a pneumatic torque multiplier. The smallest one I've undone on it was 1/2 inch but I'd say there is smaller 




 no sorry, i do regret not taking any, if i get the chance to work on one again i will take some for sure 




 some days its pretty interesting, when i worked on this machine i had never done so before. But most of the time its fixing the same things 




 just a bigger bucket really, they are all pretty similar in my eyes 




 the service trucks we use have a built in 1000L grease storage compartment, pretty much the same method as the one you mentioned though 




 yes its an open pit iron ore mine in Western Australia 




 Only 430 hours on the clock, still pretty new 




 Yeah it was locked out. We had to change a hydraulic line on it (was leaking) 




 We have service trucks that grease them using compressed air to help deliver the grease 









 Not sure how much per hour but that machine has a 13,000L diesel fuel tank and only 430 hours 




 Sorry I'm new to reddit but I shall put it on there. Cheers 









 no problem. Thanks for asking :)  




 haha sorry. The bucket can can hold about 35 metric tonne of iron ore. and it's at an open-cut iron ore mine 




 yeah just to test that it's working properly, and it is as fun as you'd think 




 I'm a mechanical fitter I had to replace a leaking hydraulic line on it. haha you'd just have to apply for a job and hope for the best 














 People killed his family... He needs money for karate lessons 




 Wow seal has really let himself go... 




 Yolo... Should be banned 
























 Haha my singlet looks nothing like that... It's more of the "wife beater" type of singlet... And that's just my casual doing the gardening clothes. Also I leave all of my clothes at work as they are actually firefighting clothes (I'm in emergency services) 




 Thanks, I will go see one when I'm home for sure 




 This gorge is actually about a 10min drive from my work... It looks so much better in that picture then when I see it 




 So it really started yesterday after I finished ripping up my old lawn from my backyard. It took me around 10 hours and I was wearing a singlet. Dumbass me forgot to put sunscreen on my back where my skin shows... So I got sunburnt. My girlfriend gave me some moisturiser to put on it to make it better she told me "this works really well for me" so I put it on. This morning I went to work, putting more on in the morning and also at around 1pm (during lunch) getting towards the end of my shift my sunburn was starting to get pretty painful but because I'm a man... I worked through the pain. It wasn't until the end of my shift I couldn't take it anymore so I went to the medic. Took me shirt off and what do you know... I've had an allergic reaction to the moisturiser and my sunburn is now fully blistered and pussy... Half of which has popped and not very pleasing to look at... The nurse gave me some burnaid and sent me to my room to relax and go back to see her in the morning. So that's how TIFU

Note: I work away from home on a mine site, that's why I had to see a medic 




 Are you guys coming back to tour west australia? Would love to watch you. Sadly missed out last time. Thanks guys you rock! 




 so yeah... i watched it for way too long before i realised it was looped... good job sir  




 isnt that laverne from scrubs at the back? 




 R Kelly would love this! 




 you sir know your helicopters.. i do not 




 kill it with fire! 




 murica 




 "this guy" is my brother... i can confirm he does  




 congrats. you just stopped another unwanted pregnancy 




 figured it out. i feel pretty damn stupid now. 




 damn, they didn't go with my idea. super mega awesome fun centre 




 ok so i have some reddit gold credits on my account and im just wondering if there is a way to apply them on my own account or are they just for giving to people? 




 chicago fire... everything is just wrong 




 michael jackson 




 i was the fat/poor/nerdy kid with no friends... now im the kind of skinny/not so poor/nerdy adult with still no friends... 









 Thanks very much for the pic :) 




 Long story short I'm going to win a weirdest pic comp with my brother and he has to hang all the pics I get in his house 




 Don't worry guys I paid up. And will continue to pay if pics I like keep coming in :) 




 Thankyou so much that looks awesome 




 Thankyou very much that is amazing 




 haha i didnt think of it like that... but yeah sort of similar i guess 




 ok i know its a bit weird but im after a sad clown with male genetalia for a nose, he also has tenticles for arms and is holding a bunch of balloons that are testicles... colour would be amazing and if you can do it for me i will reward you with cookies and some reddit gold (cookies not included) edit: could you also incorporate a poorly drawn robot with the words "a robot by Jacob" under it (as a tattoo or on it's shirt) 




 ok i know its a bit weird but im after a sad clown with male genetalia for a nose, he also has tenticles for arms and is holding a bunch of balloons that are testicles... colour would be amazing and if you can do it for me i will reward you with cookies and some reddit gold (cookies not included) edit: could you also incorporate a poorly drawn robot with the words "a robot by Jacob" under it (as a tattoo or on it's shirt) 




 I'm an Emergency Services Officer for a major mining company in Western Australia, 2 years experience and earn $120k/year. Previously I was a fitter/machinist with 6 years experience earning $165k/year 
























 that puddle is actually a portal to another dimension 




 for being able to save for gold. I gave you some well done OP 




 your name made me laugh... 




 what this person said. (I'm a fireman) also mostly we change them when approaching intersections, people get used to hearing the sirens so we change them to warn people when we are about to drive through intersections. 




 I'm always that guy 




 no this subreddit is /r/dadjokes 




 so today my bank account was hacked... I lost everything but the money in my home loan. I get the money back but it takes up to 45 days for the bank to do all the paperwork. so that leads me to my question. has anything like this happened to you? how did it all go?

Edit: had to edit it because I wrote this in the text box instead of the comments box 




 wait... he pooped on your front step? did you poop on his? 




 wow that's pretty crazy, glad it all worked out for you in the end  









 not going to lie it took me a couple of goes to find the mistake 




 someone that obviously needs the money to buy better robbing gear 




 we don't have time for leap years. pretty much every animal wants to kill us 




 Like the title says. But if you look at it that way pokemon is a pretty dark and twisted game. You also fight young children's pets and take all their money. 




 just started playing and i love the dialog! excellent game so far 




 https://ssl.redditgifts.com/marketplace/product/nicolas-cage-christmas-card---merry-nic/
https://ssl.redditgifts.com/marketplace/product/happy-holidays-bitch-breaking-bad-jesse/
https://ssl.redditgifts.com/marketplace/product/funny-love-you-card---mac-and-cheese/
I would give the Nicholas cage one to my brother as he loves him (actual man to man love) the breaking bad one to my sister, she loves the show and also is a bitch... and finally the mac and cheese one to my SO, she makes amazing mac and cheese 




 pretty sure if your being buried alive they wont let you take your shirt off to cover your face, most probably have hands tied 




 damn now every time I blink I see a dickbutt... 




 if one twin is born on February 28 and the other February 29 one twin could turn 100 while the other only turns 25... 




 you need to charge you phone 




 So like the title says. I wonder what some bad things some peoples pets have seen (Might end up NSFW) 









 Maybe a similar one. But no he is mine and legit picked him up today 




 Holy crap, yeah that's pretty crazy in itself 




 This is Zeus, he's my 14 week old Siberian husky. Today is the day I finally got to pic him up. So I thought I would show him to the world. Enjoy :) 









 Ok so everyone knows. I know you have to spread the branches out. My SO called out to me, saying that it looks nothing like the picture.(she didn't know) Should have said that before but have been busy trying to fix it after her Christmas tree failure. Sorry reddit 









 Flintstones chewable morphine? 
























