 Can't change title now but yes it was a wanted ad that the victim posted and the killer responded to 














 My cat goes crazy whenever she smells, sees or hears me open up a can or packet of tuna. But give her some tuna and she'll take a single bite drop it on the floor and walk away. WTF Cat? 




 How U Doin? 




 That's a great find. E Pluribus Anus! 




 Ever see Roiland's Unbelievable tales? Pre Mr. Sprinkles WTF craziness | Unbelievable Tales: http://youtu.be/vpejckQgpeg 




 The interior may be cheaper and style may be American but the Chrysler LX/LC platform (Charger/Challenger/300/Magnum) is actually based on the Mercedes E Class chassis from when Daimler owned Chrysler. 


































 Save your bacon grease and use that instead of oil. That's how my grandma taught me and I won't do it any other way. 




 Sucks about Anakin but Hayden's Vader was always a little bitch amirite? And Ryan Dunn was a genuinely cool guy. Met him at SEMA Show in Vegas outside on a smoke break and mentioned to him my gf (now wife) were fans of CKY (pre-jackass) and she was good friends with his cousin. He told me to call her up and he talked with her for a few minutes, told her to say hi to his cousin and to make sure we come by at their next reunion coming up. Then we just talked about cars and what we saw at the show. He died I think sometime the next year and was genuinely sad. Plus he was vilified in the media for the crash. Sucked all the way around. 




 Yeah Kevin James' entire career is based on being the every man schlub loser that people identify with. Who the fuck does he think he is? 




 Prime example of why there will always be demand for cars. 




 Natural. Selection. 




 Eating a steady diet of government cheese and living down by the river... Van 














 I have even heard that his essay series on "The International Jew: The World's Foremost Problem" actually inspired Hitler to take action and create what he called "The Final Solution" with the extermination camps. It's quite insane. But how about that new Ford GT EH?! 




 I have a mid 2010 Mac Mini with 8GB RAM   SSD Hybrid with a 27" ASUS monitor. Fast and cheap as hell. 
























 For $80k you might as well get a Tesla instead for a few bucks more. But maybe that's what he's getting at with letting this generation of ELR retire so they can have something better to go after Tesla with in the future. He's been involved with that E-tron R8 at Audi. I'm all for something like that. 









 Your copy paste cop defense argument is weak. This was a murder. And he lied in the police report to CYA. 




 Next outrage: Cop shoots a 12 year old kid in the back. Why is it always shoot to kill? Why is running or holding a gun or resisting arrest now an instant death sentence? Even Rodney King wouldn't have a chance these days. 




 Rutledge Wood is just great. So are Freiburger   Finnegan. Hey Derek. 




 Yeah I'm okay with Top Gear USA. It's not gonna be the same so I'm glad they abandoned the British format after S1. Who needs 10 minutes every episode with some asshole celebrity driving a cheap car around the same track? Rutledge Wood is the breakout star of TGA. Tanner can really drive. Adam I'm still not sold on. Adam Carolla might be good in that spot but you'll eventually have to fire him for being a dick like Clarkson.

But TGA is better than no Top Gear or all these dumb shows about flipping cars for cash, screwing people over and being a douchebag. We have our quota there. Also TGA doesn't shit all over American cars at every turn. Roadkill is fun but most of those cars are complete garbage not worth putting a dime into. I guess that's part of its charm though. 









 However I'm pretty sure Top Gear will carry on...after all, how many different Dr. Who's has the BBC put on the air? 




 Exactly. Sure he's funny and makes good television but he's a big ugly bigoted asshole baby. You can't drop the N word on camera, incite a near riot in a foreign country, and beat up your producer in the span of a few months and expect to remain employed by a state run television network. 





























