 I'll never begin to understand the people in those comments. Even the direst homophobes shouldn't want a portion of the population not to get healthcare. It boggles the mind how people can hate so strongly. 














 We believe the HBP is not a well conceived or implemented project and that it is ill suited to be the centerpiece of European neuroscience.

Ouch. Wonder how that'll affect the US Brain Project...  









 ...in 2012. Love it. 




 Scumbag BICEP team. Getting us all excited over nothing. 




 It's amazing that these robots are realistic and detailed enough to "fool" real animals. In a way, this is also a victory for materials science...   









 TIL: Curiosity was in fact the first rover to ever die from cancer. 




 Wait, I thought all cosmic radiation was EM radiation. This is going to suck for Mars One.  




 Here's the original scientific paper: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24724938 



























































 ...but nobody lost quite as spectacularly as the sage grouse. 




 TBH, I haven't read all 178 pages yet... 




 A lot of those documents were actually declassified in 1977. Here you go: http://www.nytimes.com/packages/pdf/national/13inmate_ProjectMKULTRA.pdf 




 Hm. Decent point. Maybe we should. If the private sector would agree to fund the research, I can definitely see why we'd be better off without linking science to government money.    




 For more than two weeks many American scientists couldnt share their findings with the international scientific community or participate in joint research projects abroad. Government shutdown not only stifled U.S. researchit set back our foreign collaborators, too.

That's why. 




 Losing two weeks of data collection during a critical research period or two weeks of a key experiment that took months or years to set up will have repercussions for years

...And I thought shutting off the National Zoo's panda cam was bad.   




 It's crazy that a guy like Culberson can be so into NASA and yet so ignorant when it comes to environmental science.  









 I feel like a story about gecko-inspired gloves comes out every month. But apparently this one actually works (!). Crazy video. 




 I wonder how this impacts studies of video game violence. Does COD teach violence *faster* than, say a violent television show? Interesting.  



















 "We look at these old Archaean crusts, for instance, and we dont see the features that characterize subduction," Rey says.

It's a model that confirms physical evidence. Read the article (and the study, for that matter).  














 Yup. The NASA Centennial Challenge might help them fix that... 


































 It's gone down 0.1 pH. It's now 7.9 to 8.2. 




 There is one right answer. It is this one. ^

*pronounced Ehn-Cel-Lay-Dee-Ans 




 We can't know with just Cassini. When Cassini was sent out the idea that Enceladus of all places would look even marginally interesting (life-wise) was laughable.  














 Sounds like it would look like some sort of cross between Lucy and Homo habilis... so sorta ape plus caveman? 




 Fair enough.

And when you tally how much money every Star Trek movie grossed collectively since 1979 (without correcting for inflation, we admit), its only slightly more than that one Transformers movie made at the box office.  




 That's a good point...the mirror test has some flaws. 

But note, rhesus monkeys have never passed the mirror test before. The study is interesting because these monkeys, which do not intrinsically understand mirrors, could *learn* to use them. That's promising, especially when you think of neurologic conditions that cause humans to fail the mirror test. If mirror recognition can be taught, perhaps therapy can help these people in the future.   




 ...says the biologist :P 




 Those Alberta servers are clearly not made to handle Redditors. 




 It turns out that cowbirds gauge their risk of death-by-truck based on distance, not speed.

So yeah, basically.  




 Robert Seyfarth, a psychology professor at the University of Pennsylvania and pioneer in the fields of animal behavior and learning, wrote in an e-mail. This is the first time that a professional linguist has tackled the data on call combinations in wild monkeys.

So at least from a research standpoint, it means that we may want to start examining animal calls through the lens of linguistics. That's a sort of revolutionary idea, since we tend to think of animals noises as "calls", rather than a language or a dialect with logic-based rules. It's an interesting new avenue for research.    









 I always think it's ironic that Greens cite scientific consensus for climate change, but ignore the equally compelling evidence that GMOs are safe. 

If you're on the side of science, stick with it. 




 WELL...the DoE lightbulb thing and the EXIM ban were honestly a bit draconian. It's one thing to charge companies extra for choosing the less environmentally friendly option, or to add taxes or incentives. But these were outright bans on investing in incandescent lightbulbs and coal-fired power plants. And the DoT light rail thing just shuts down current projects (the same senators who pushed for that rider are also working on new light rail projects as we speak).

The only thing that I see on your list that looks purely spiteful and "villain level" is the UN Climate Fund. Why the hell can't we let the poor guy fulfill his pledge to save the world?! 




 Even small farmers are notoriously bad for the environment. They all need to make money, especially the small ones, and so they often let their cash crops mess up normal crop cycles.   




 I mean, the good news is that these sorts of things can be easily reversed next year. They won't be...but they could be. Every year when it comes time to figure out appropriations, it's another opportunity. 




 It made the farmers pretty happy. It's strange, you usually think of farmers as being lovers of the land and pro-Earth etc...and then you take a look at the politics of it all, and notice that farmers are usually the ones pushing hardest against climate and land protection. Strange times.  




 Pres. Obama is not allowed to fulfill his pledge to give $3 billion to the United Nations Green Climate Fund, designed to spur other countries to respond to global warming.

...that can't be a good thing. 
























