 Not to mention, their customer support is unbelievable. I didn't really know about my 944 when I bought it, and I called them to do my timing belt order and their staff picked out everything I need. They're an extremely helpful group. 




 Yeah I think that's the one exception, but no doubt about it it's a dream machine. I go to bed every night thinking about it wishing that it was mine. The hard lines on it are gorgeous. 




 Guards red 




 Who would have thought of such a concept? 




 You're also forgetting about the drive train, if I recall correctly, the wheels on the sports train were bigger than the factory wheels on the Jag, and the drive train wouldn't be able to handle it, you're essentially up gearing it. 




 Yeah for sure, I think what they do is tell the builders basically what they want, then they stand around with their hands in their pockets monitoring the progress.  




 I don't think many people realize that a lot of the things on the show were not actually made by Jeremy, James, and Richard. I mean look at the cheap train travel episode, do you really think that they were all capable of making a car into train? It's not as simple as just throwing 4 metal discs onto a car. But then again, I still like to believe. 




 Haha I know that pain, I took my family out for a ride in mine for the first time a couple weeks ago, and my dad made my mom sit it the front seat while he laid across the back seats it was pretty funny. 




 But isn't camber beneficial if you're tracking it? As long as if it's not stupid hellacamber like every 18 year olds wet dream Honda, it should be helpful.  




 So he sold the MR2 because he couldn't put a two year old in it. Quite frankly I don't see how long the 944 will last then, seeing as it really doesn't have rear seats. But anyways, congratulations on the purchase! Where I'm from its very hard to find a MR2 in great condition.  




 Oh god yeah they do... I just had my 1994 Cutlass fixed for rotted trailing arm mounts. I bought new trailing arms and undercoated them, I probably should have done it a while ago living in New England. 




 I'd have a +4 car garage, but have no house. Have the garage be well built, clean, finished, and I would park a Chevy Astro in it with a mattress inside of it and use that as a "house". Of course there would be running water. 




 Yup, can confirm. I work at an auto body and this happens on almost more than half the cars we get. 




 Never thought of it that way, that does make a a lot of sense then. 




 I don't know much about track days, but would this be considered driver fault? Or track fault. It seems to me that maybe the track should cover damages, but I don't know why. Just my 2 cents. 




 The inertia from its blazing speed will keep it on even if the second one falls off  




 3 lug wheels are the best  




 Thank you very much! Now I'll have some new tracks to fool around with tonight. 




 Links would be very much appreciated. 




 Thank you so much, Live for Speed never even crossed my mind. I do have the trial version of it, but it definitely looks like I'll be buying the full version now.  




 Not sure if this gets posted a lot, but I have been looking everywhere for any type of autocross mod for any game. Each time I go to Google all it brings up is rallycross, because as far as I know rallycross is called autocross everywhere but the state's. I do have an autocross track for race 07, and it's okay. I know absolutely nothing about modding and modeling either, so me making a track is absolutely out of the question. 




 I am not sure if this is allowed on this subreddit, but here it goes. I'm not trying to promote this business in any way, nor am I affiliated with them, but they do have coupons on Simpson helmets if anyone is interested. Most of the helmets are $50 off of original MSRP, except for the carbon fiber helmets which are $100 off of MSRP. http://www.biondoracing.com/ 




 Holy shit, I think I know who you're talking about. Is his nickname by any chance either Doctor Dave, or Doctor Dan? I've been to his garage before and he collects Hursts like hot cakes, and they are all stupid fast. 




 Kazoo rims go woo woo! 




 I always thought that the 944 looked kind of meh in pictures, but I actually recently bought one as a track car project; and holy shit. Pop up headlights and 80s box flares? Does it get any better than that? 




 I live about an hour and a half from Lime Rock, I'm seriously regretting not doing it. 




 I'd say keep it simple. Start from the ground up with wheel, tires brakes, suspension, etc. You'd be surprised how far that alone would get you. If you feel ambitious, why not do your own paint job. I really don't know what's out there for parts, but then again that's what the internet is for. Lastly, before you do anything I suggest pricing out what you want to do and how far you actually want to go with it. Congratulations on the project, and good luck. 




 I'm no where near California, but I'll be sure as hell to keep an eye out. Anything to help out a fellow car lover. 




 I've never done either of them, but I feel like plastidip may actually be more expensive. With a wrap as far as I know you can peel off and put the wrap back on, where as plastidip the conditions have to be just perfect and you have to worry about airborne annoyances. 




 I've had my fanatec for around a year and a half now, somehow I have had no problems with mine which is extremely strange, except for the fact the alacantra is wearing off and it's kind of ratty looking. I'm running a TH8 with it for a shifter and I would highly recommend it. The feel to it is unbelievable. 




 I really wish that more sims would have 80s and 90s IMSA cars. I remember reading that someone was going to make a GTO mod for rFactor but it was never actually finished. 




 OK, thank you very much. They are real Irwin vice grips but I will try again when I get the chance. I really don't want to leave gouge marks but I guess if that's what it comes down to I will. 
























 So does the supercharger double the money that's supposed to come out then? 




 Each time I money shift in my car, no money comes out but instead my car turns off and there's a lot of smoke. Am I doing something wrong? My mechanic says I've "blown the engine" but no money comes blowing out like it should. 




 While my problems are much less significant, I had to put a splash shield on a Sentra, which should take .2 hours, and it took me a solid 2 hours because aftermarket splash shields just don't fit no matter what you do. 




 I've always wanted to be an endurance racer, maaaaaaasive upgrade  




 We've been through a lot together and it's the least I could do. 




 I'm hungry like the wolf for specs right now 




 I see what you did there 
Edit: Words 




 For some reason, this one really hit me in the feels. You know what they say, a dog is a man's best friend. 




 240z long noses are absolutely stunning, almost like a mini E-Type 




 I couldn't agree more, I gotta find some time to actually get a decent picture of my 944 to post on here. 




 Haha, every now and then Hoobastank plays on my local Alt/Rock station, but either way, absolutely gorgeous RX7. I love the idea of a sleeper RX7, even though the RX7 is already fast as it is.  









 I don't wave, I flip the lights in my 944 and I don't get anything back sadly. 




 Well yeah know that, but I'm talking about with paper work or stuff like that, I don't know the slightest thing about importing cars. 




 Did you buy yours new? I'm just wondering how you can legally get a Noble into the USA. I see them on eBay all of the time, and if I wasn't a broke high school student I'd love to buy one hahaha. I really want to import an R32 Skyline GTS once I'm older, but I'm scared that I may screw something up and have it get impounded.  




 Congrats, I can see why you won the award. The M12 and M400 are such sexy cars.  




 Wow... I really can't believe I didn't think of that, then again, that's what this subreddit is for, thanks! 




 Okay, thank you very much. Looks like I'll have to run out to the store for next time.  




 I'm not exactly sure if this is the correct place to post this, but it's nearly impossible to take the rims off without chipping the clear coat and paint off of them. It has the early offset phone dials, so the lugs are set pretty far back. I use a 19mm deep impact, and no matter how careful I am, the lugs spin really loose and bounce around everywhere taking clear and paint off. Is there anything else I can do to prevent it? It's a track car, so I regularly take the wheels off, so the rims are starting to look pretty gaudy now.  




 How could you hate it? I think it's amazing. 




 I bought a manual for my 944 on eBay for $10 (I think) and it's on a CD. You can rip it as many times as you want to all of your electronic devices which is handy. Especially I'd you have a smart phone that can read PDF files so you can always have your manual on the go in your pocket. I couldn't find an online manual for the 944, but I have no clue if there is an online one for the 924. Anyways, congrats on the purchase, hope you enjoy it! 




 Gotta agree, Lime Rock Parks has some pretty damn good food on the infield. My friends step dad races at the vintage festival, and we always go down, grab some food then watch the races on top of their trailer. And since the restaurant is on the infield, you get to see all of the cars drive by in between races. 




 Massachusetts 




 No, that was the Burma special. 




 I learned my lesson. I have an 1986 944 and it's absolutely fantastic, and the way it feels is just unexplainable. But that being said, like everyone else is saying, maintenance is a chore due to high prices of parts. And not to mention, timing belts... I did plan on buying a mk3 supra before I stumbled across the 944. They're cheap where I live, and parts are abundant.  




 I know I'm late to the party, but I don't like miatas. They're completely overrated. I'm not saying that they're a bad car by any means, but they're just over hyped.
I'll show myself out now... 




 Aww hell yeah, I've been growing up with Oldsmobiles all my life. My dad still has his first car from high school, which is a 71 Cutlass. My goal is to keep my 1994 Cutlass for as long as possible. I've always loved that body style, with the narrow quad bucket headlights.  




 Most of it is done. Exterior is basically done, it was in really rough shape when we bought it. The kid we bought it off of had high hopes of restoring it but just couldn't find money for it, so we pulled it out of his yard after it had been sitting for 10 years. All of the exterior was a home base bodge job so it was really rough. And since it was a New England car, every square inch on the quarters, doors, and fenders were completely rotted out. The interior isn't too bad yet we haven't started on it yet. It's all there but a lot of the plastics are faded so they need to be painted. But we really lucked out with the purchase because honestly the car could have been on its way out. Considering how rare they were, we just couldn't pass it up. Luckily since my dad only buys Oldsmobiles we had most of the parts already just from hoarding them. 




 Gotta ask, is it a legit 442? My dad and I are restoring an 83 Hurst/Olds right now, G Bodies are getting harder and harder to come by now, glad to see at least someone else appreciates them on this subreddit. 




 I have an 86 944 that WAS guards red but then Maaco got a hold of it and did a rather poor paint job on it so all the clear peeled and then turned to guards pink, I would definitely like to repaint it myself as a project this winter. 




 Looks awesome! How does your posture feel while racing? The problem I had when I built my rig is that I just kinda threw it together, so it's not the most comfortable thing in the world. 




 I'm guessing that they're probably revisiting a challenge. 
























 I've been searching for months for meets in the western Massachusetts area. The only one that's around me is my local elks club and it's really all old dudes in corvettes.  




 He can't even  




 Mines been sitting in our backyard for about 4 or 5 years now. My dad and I plan on making it into a straight axle drag car. 




 Holy shit another redditor with an F85! 




 Good God that thing is gorgeous, you should cross post it back into r/Porsche  




 My dads friend has a 1985 Countach. I don't think I have ever ridden in a car that was so amazing and so shitty at the same time. It looked and felt like it was built in a shed. But it was just such a surreal experience being able to ride in one of my hero's.  




 Or as Regular Cars would say FIX IT AGAIN TYRONE! 




 I spy with my little eye a turbo Buick :D 




 I can't remember what they're called, but the rims that are on the 993 GT2, they're a 3 piece rim that's based on the cup rims. 




 How can we see if our eyes aren't real 




 Or did a line, because you know, 80s 




 My dads best friend has a Countach that had a throw out bearing that went bad, and he asked us to fix it. We have to pull the engine out to get to it. Literally no idea how this is going to go 
Edit: Once the time comes, I'll post a whole album of us doing it. 




 It just looks so goofy that it works  




 As much as I hate low riders, I would definitely drive this one. It's not every day you see a Tercel like that. 




 This is Falken stupid, these Falken puns need to stop 




 The submarine factory called, they want their porthole back. 




 Wilwood big brake kits will do wonders. 




 I have a story as well! Last year, my cousin and I went to a swap meet and I brought literally no money. My dad was in Hong Kong at the time, so he told me to use some of his money if I found some Oldsmobile parts. Well, we head to the car corral, and there's this god awful 1980 Cutlass that's brougham 2 tone baby blue. The seller was asking $3,000 for it, so I told me dad. He said to go get some money and my cousin and I can go halfsies on it so we can flip it. Well, that's what we did. We ended up getting the car for only $1,300. I tell my dad we had bought it and he was pretty proud because we managed to get the price that low. We brought it back to my house and my mom was PISSED. We already have 8 cars at my house and when she saw this Cutlass roll through I thought she was going to kill me. My dad on the other hand, proud as fuck.  




 Ballaban is way worse IMO 




 Good God... What the hell is going on the with the front bumper cover  




 Ok I'll have to try that, but no of my other games are crashing like GTR2 though, even the other simbin games. 




 I tried configuring it through steam and through the directory for the video settings, but I took a break so I'll try audio next time I get the chance. 




 Tried all of that, and nothing. I asking tried running it in compatibility mode, uninstalling and reinstalling and still nothing. 




 http://s1374.photobucket.com/user/train_subject1541/library/Mobile%20Uploads 




 I can see why, there is no such thing as a cheap Porsche. The price of parts isn't too terrible, the thing that gets you is how often you need to do maintenance and all the special tools that you need. It's my autocross car so it only sees wear and tear for about 5 minutes each month. The Cutlass isn't bad at all, just because it has the 3.1 and not the 3.4. I bought mine for a grand and pretty much did a mini restoration. I bought 2 parts cars, got what I needed, and sold what I didn't need. I'm currently into the car for only about 1,200. 
Edit: Words 









 Damn that sucks, I absolutely love it though. I can't tell you the last time I've ever seen one driving on the road. I basically restored it my freshman and sophomore year. When I first purchased it, it was red, broken into, rotted, smelt bad, and had the most disgusting interior ever. Bought 2 parts cars, swapped out all parts I needed, then sold the unwanted parts. It basically looks brand new now inside and out, and I'm only into it for a grand. 




 Picked up a girl after school one day. It was pouring out, and I mean pouring out. I love my Cutlass to death, but since it's a convertible, the thing leaks more than Chernobyl leaks radiation. We're driving home, and water is literally going everywhere and it's not stopping anytime soon. Of course my side doesn't leak that much, and it's the passenger side that's terrible. Needless to say, she wasn't a fan of my Cutlass, and I took that shit right in the feels.
Edit: Completely forgot to mention I spun a bearing in it while in the school parking lot. Made the most horrifying sound ever. 




 I'll trade you the 550 for my 917/30 




 Did someone say new wheel bearings every year? 




 Gotta go fast 




 I have a really soft spot for the Javelin, ever since I saw the old Trans Am road race cars, I've been obsessed with them since. 
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_FoXyvaPSnVk/S_rkktXroxI/AAAAAAAC4ss/8MaD1Te2Jb0/s800/1971-AMC-Javelin-Penske-Transam-001.jpg 
























