 He's done the math. 




 That was McClatchy's original title for the article. 




 Maybe it was done by some of those 'suiciders' our dear leader is always referring to. 




 $4/gal gas. 




 I am surprised they didn't say it was AQ's #2 man... again. 




 Deployment of second carrier to Gulf a 'reminder': Gates
http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5j5riBuUnY0-5eeIMYI9tvU2XrDNA
 




 Then why won't he make them public? 




 Is Florida evolving slower? 




 But he can still make them public... along with his medical records. 




 The media's double standard continues... 




 They are trying to out fox Fox. 




 Or *Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp* 




 So one justifies the other? 




 And so, so long as I'm the President, my measure of success is victory and success. 




 Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 OBGYN can now practice their love on women. 




 Joe is an ass. 




 McCain being the worst. 




 Maybe they need to review their methodology. 




 damn dirty apes 




 Bush was probably serving hot dogs and hamburgers again anyway. 




 "There's an old saying in Tennessee  I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee  that says, fool me once, shame on  shame on you. Fool me  you can't get fooled again." 




 CSPAN has been showing a tour they took through the museum.  It looks interesting. 




 Send their kids too. 




 $5,000 per second, 24/7 




 So? 




 ...except take the US Constitution off the table. 




 I hear part of it is 'off the table' at least. 




 I, for one, welcome our Industrial Control System Overlords. 




 The surge in to Iran. 




 Patreaus is working on that right now. 




 I hope that wasn't the reason you clicked on it. :) 




 Yes. 




 http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=define:ferment ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8 




 yes, and there are many. 




 http://www.google.com.au/intl/en/gday/index.html 




 Imagine that, an Alabama sign in the background. 




 He doesn't have a blimp either. 




 The surge is working!!! 




 It's starting to look like *Aruba* Goldberg contraption 




 mmmmm...  primordial ooze.... 




 I put the gas in the gas car and it *Madagascar* go! 




 Will they sell Tatas in Nepal? 




 Gimme one offer, then gimme *Samoa* 




 Will you be buy or *belize*? 




 *Yugo* first, *Australia*.

-I hope i didnt *Benz* The rules- 




 All that's left to do is go to the bar and *Taiwan* on 




 lol, or the studio lights. 




 Wow!  What a shot! 




 Shake your Tatas and *Djibouti* 




 Now with more silicone! 




 Jamaica me crazy. 




 It's good for business. 




 "The U.S. embassy issued a statement saying it had no spies eating cheeseburgers in Belarus." 




 I'll take two!  




 The Iraq occupation costs over $300,000,000 per day. 




 The Bush administration spent $42,000,000 on letters to alert taxpayers to expect rebate checks (bribes) as part of the "economic stimulus" plan.  Everything Bush touches turns to FAIL! 




 How much do you weigh? 




 McLame 




 Don't you think 10 minutes is a little generous? 




 In the name of oil. 




 Yeah, I first saw it in the New York Behind-the-Times. 




 IMPEACH! 




 "Do they care if we elect a Know-Nothing to lead us?" - Wasn't Bush their guy? 




 Only problem is, now he makes appearances throughout the day.  Before, we knew exactly when to change the channel, now, his dumb ass could pop up at any time. 




 Caption associated with the picture:  "I snapped a photo of this sticker in one of the restrooms at Ritual Coffee Roasters in San Francisco's Mission District. There used to be one just like it posted above a small hole in the wall in the other restroom. That sticker was removed though once the hole was patched to, er, block the camera's lens." 




 Sad, isn't it. 




 Blimp/Corvair '08! 




 Once again, Dick lives up to his name. 




 Did you forget to say that? 




 ...and had the most bed bug infestations. 




 You should try watching the news. 




 Cool, but where's his iPod? 




 so true 




 Daddy paid a lot for that D. 




 How did the Iraq war give 'whiny conspiracy trolls' a voice on the internet? 




 Being stupid fits right in with BushCo. 




 If hypocrisy were illegal, think of all the politicians that would have to go to jail.  It's up to Americans to not re-elect the hypocrites.  Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what Spitzer did and I'm not saying that it wasn't hypocritical of him, but it is a sex "scandal."  




 It looks like it might be Cupertino, CA in the lower left corner of the image. 




 I think they've been hiding him in one of those super-secret-torture prisons. 




 At least it wasn't a sperm whale. 




 One Year After the Surge, 15 of 18 benchmarks fail.  http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2008/01/benchmark.html
 




 HAHAHAHAHHAH 




 Blame Bush, not the soldiers.  The blood is on his hands, Cheney's hands, and all their minions and enablers. 




 So I should choose one life over another? 




 Unlike you, I am not choosing one life over the another.  ALL the killing must end, none are irrelevant. 




 "Military casualties are irrelevant." - tell that to their families.
 




 Let's move the goal posts. 




 Picture of the building: http://images.usatoday.com/Wires2Web/20080314/465302133_Swastika_Buildingx-large.jpg 




 Tony Lukes!! 




 Satan knows too. 




 Well, if it's at Geno's, they won't be able to show off their Espaol. 




 I smell bail-out! 




 'simple' as in 'simply a moran' 




 No child left behind... 




 So true.  The calls and faxes DO work, they do make a difference! 




 Yayz, thems is lurnin. 




 Pressured by the bold and super-brave george bush and deferment dick. 




 Sadly, it's a punch line in the gut :( 




 No real oversight though, just a facade of oversight - just as in everything run by BushCo. 




 Poor Bush, he had a little tantrum on the teevee this AM saying how the terrists win if big business has to follow the rule of law.  Bush is a joke. 




 Fuck Bush.  No more corporate handouts or get-out-of-jail-free. 




 Everyone is supposed to send them directly to Halliburton for proper disposal. 




 This our throne
We call our own
We like to keep it neat.

So please be kind
With you're behind
And don't get your ass stuck in the seat! 




 Because are children is learning. 




 Or else she didn't give a shit. 




 He should be McCains running mate.  May come in handy. 




 Know your enemy. 




 You are correct. 




 Yeah, this news isn't suspicious at all coming right after "no iran war on my watch" Fallon's 'resignation.'  We didn't hear things like this leading up to the Iraq war either.   




 Halliburton 




 ...and on the 8th day, he created war.  War without end aaaAAAAAaaaAAaaAAamen. 




 Still no word from Vitter or Craig... 




 I am sure Halliburton is the only company big enough to pull off a project that big. 




 Because republicans are held to a more lenient standard.  Why no impeachment call for Vitter or Craig or any other of the many many corrupt republicans? 




 WoooHooooo!!!! 




 Does this mean we have to learn kung-fu? 




 Vitter... 




 I wonder if Fox News will put an 'R' next to his name. 




 Or Cheney would nominate himself as VP...   again. 




 You are letting him off too easy. 




 Rove deserves to be treated as he treats others.  That is maybe just a taste of what he got. 




 I guess just wishful thinking. 




 :0===I 




 Did the dems even get off the bench yet?  Are they dressed for the game? 




 Last term Lieberman. 




 It's a political move (big shock).  Hey look!  GWB is giving you free money!!  I guess they're sending the letters out to make 100% sure the bribe gets out before the election. 




 "killer" as in "kill myself" 




 They need a playground monitor. 




 Now that's just sloppy campaigning.  Conceding the Monster vote to your opponent this early in the race?  Please.  Pennsylvania hasn't even voted yet. 




 asshole in one 




 He's the Drciderer of the free world! 




 George W Bush: Our first chimpanzee president. 




 Goose is still dead though. 




 Either one of them is leaps and bounds better than McCain. 




 "What? Over? Did you say 'over'? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell no! And it ain't over now! 'Cause when the going gets toughthe tough get going! Who's with me? Let's go!What the fuck happened to the Delta I used to know? Where's the spirit? Where's the guts? Huh? This could be the greatest night of our lives, but you're going to let it be the worst. 'Oh, we're afraid to go with you, Bluto. We might get in trouble.' Well, just kiss my ass from now on! Not me! I'm not gonna take this! Wormer? He's a dead man. Marmalard? Dead! NIEDERMAYER!" 




 Whatever Rove/Cheney tell him to believe. 




 Are they sure that was an avalanche and not one of our Evil Martian Dust Overlords?  




 I guess we will have to buy Pelosi a new table to put that on. 




 They would have to rename it Leavenworthless being as that bush is a worthless sack of doodie. 




 Making shopping carts to hold Chinese-made goods? 




 The fungus is among us. 




 Good point.  I just want it to be over. 




 I heard that yeasterday. 




 Clinton team vows to fight on after Ohio, Texas
http://rawstory.com/news/afp/Clinton_team_vows_to_fight_on_after_03022008.html
 




 BREAKING FoxNuze:  Why does Hillary hate Black Fungus? 




 When it rains, it spores.  Just one question -- will they be among us? 




 ooooh, I'm lichen that! 




 All hail Fungus! 




 Venom 




 so sorry McCain... 




 I never sausage a drink. 




 She will find herself in a pickle. 




 i relish the puns 




 Republicans taking the survey will be confused. They won't know what "pro-choice" means. It should be phrased: "Baby killing America hating Commie Terrorist pro-abortion librul" 




 You're right, my bad. 




 Go Nader? 




 Shhhhhhhhhh! 




 I want my baby back.

(ribs)

(bbq sauce) 




 Great tool!  We need our press back. 




 The batteries can be replaced in all the devices you mention. 




 Waaaa! Leave Apple alone!!1!!  waaaaaaah... 




 It must just have been a ummm...   errrr....  coincidence? 




 It was a misquote.  What he said was "personal free dumbs." 




 ...and the corruption 




 They're all crooks. 




 That's Tagg, Matt, Josh, Ben and Craig's inheritance money! 




 So you think they should die? 




 You cared enough to comment. 




 your name and your comment don't match 




 By "make the world a better place," I assume you mean "make the world a better place for Halliburton and Exxon."  -- because that is what he has done, at our peril.  

Where's OBL? 
























 Caption:

Successful Flight Through Enceladus Plume
The Cassini spacecraft has weathered the Monday, Nov. 2, 2009, flyby of Saturns moon Enceladus in good health and has been sending images and data of the encounter back to Earth. Cassini had approached Enceladus more closely before, but this passage took the spacecraft on its deepest plunge yet through the heart of the plume shooting out from the south polar region. Scientists are eagerly sifting through the results.

In this unprocessed image, sunlight brightens a crescent curve along the edge of Saturn's moon Enceladus and highlights its misty plume. The image was captured by Cassini's narrow-angle camera as the spacecraft passed about 190,000 kilometers (120,000 miles) over the moon. This image has not been validated or calibrated. A validated/calibrated image will be archived with the NASA Planetary Data System in 2010. 

At its closest point on Nov. 2, Cassini flew about 100 kilometers (60 miles) above the surface of Enceladus.

Since the discovery of the plume in 2005, scientists have been captivated by the enigmatic jets. Previous flybys detected water vapor, sodium and organic molecules, but scientists need to know more about the plumes composition and density to characterize the source, possibly a liquid ocean under the moons icy surface. It would also help them determine whether Enceladus has the conditions necessary for life.

Mission managers did extensive studies to make sure the spacecraft could fly safely through the plumes and not use an excessive amount of propellant.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption:

Test Stand A-2 Peering Out from the Fog
At Stennis Space Center, three large engine test stands were built the early 1960s to test the first and second stages of the Apollo Saturn V rocket that carried Americans to the moon. Since 1975, the test stands have supported testing of the Space Shuttle main engines. The last planned test was conducted in July of 2009.

In this photo, the A-2 Test Stand peered out from a thick blanket of fog during the early morning hours of Oct. 28, 2009. This photo was taken from the top of the B Test Stand.

The A-1 and A-2 test stands are transitioning to support J-2X engine testing for the Constellation Program, while the B-1/B-2 test stand will support stage testing. For the first time since the 1960s, a new test stand, called A-3, is under construction with a scheduled completion date of 2011. The A-3 test stand will be 300 feet tall and will enable engineers to conduct simulated high-altitude testing up to 100,000 feet. 

Photo Credit: NASA/SSC/Allen Forsman, Pratt and Whitney Rocketdyne 




 in-DUH-visible 




 Caption:
Spirit Embedded in Soft Soil on Mars as Engineers Devise Methods to 'Free Spirit'
This view from the panoramic camera on NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the terrain surrounding the location called "Troy," where Spirit became embedded in soft soil during the spring of 2009. The hundreds of images combined into this view were taken beginning on the 1,906th Martian day (or sol) of Spirit's mission on Mars (May 14, 2009) and ending on Sol 1943 (June 20, 2009). 

Near the center of the image, in the distance, lies Husband Hill, where Spirit recorded views from the summit in 2005. For scale, the parallel tracks are about 1 meter (39 inches) apart. The track on the right is more evident because Spirit was driving backwards, dragging its right-front wheel, which no longer rotates. 

The bright soil in the center foreground is soft material in which Spirit became embedded after the wheels on that side cut through a darker top layer. The composition of different layers in the soil at the site became the subject of intense investigation by tools on Spirit's robotic arm.

In recent weeks, Engineers have been using test rovers on Earth to prepare for extracting the sand-trapped Spirit rover. While amnesia-like symptoms in recent days might delay the start of planned drives by Spirit geared towards extricating it, the Mars Exploration Rover team remains hopeful. "If they are intermittent and infrequent, they are a nuisance that would set us back a day or two when they occur. If the condition becomes persistent or frequent, we will need to go to an alternate strategy that avoids depending on flash memory, " said Project Manager John Callas of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. In these amnesia events, Spirit fails to record data from the day's activities onto the type of computer memory -- non-volatile "flash" memory -- that can retain the data when the rover powers down for its energy-conserving periods of "sleep." 

Spirit has worked on Mars for more than 69 months in what was originally planned as a three-month mission. 




 lol 




 giving palin the shaft 




 Caption: NASA's Ares I-X rocket is seen on Launch Pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Monday, Oct. 26, 2009. The flight test of Ares I-X, scheduled for today, Oct. 27, 2009, will provide NASA with an early opportunity to test and prove flight characteristics, hardware, facilities and ground operations associated with the Ares I. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: This high-resolution picture from the HiRISE camera on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter shows twisting dark trails criss-crossing light-colored terrain on the Martian surface. Newly formed trails like these had presented researchers with a tantalizing mystery but are now known to be the work of miniature wind vortices known to occur on the red planet, in other words Martian dust devils. Such spinning columns of rising air heated by the warm surface are also common in dry and desert areas on planet Earth. Typically lasting only a few minutes, dust devils become visible as they pick up loose red-colored dust leaving the darker and heavier sand beneath intact. Ironically, dust devils have been credited with unexpectedly cleaning the solar panels of the Mars rovers. 

Image Credit: NASA, HiRISE, MRO, LPL (U. Arizona) 




 Full caption:

Building an Original

Platforms surround the Ares I-X in High Bay 3 of the Vehicle Assembly Building before it was moved to the launch pad on Oct. 20, 2009. Closer in height to the hulking Saturn V moon rockets than the space shuttle, Ares I-X looks unlike any rocket that's ever stood at Launch Complex 39. But it blends familiar hardware from existing programs with newly developed components.

Four first-stage, solid-fuel booster segments are derived from the Space Shuttle Program. A simulated fifth booster segment contains Atlas-V-based avionics, and the rocket's roll control system comes from the Peacekeeper missile. The launch abort system, simulated crew and service modules, upper stage, and various connecting structures all are original.

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller  




 Full Caption: 

Spirit's Robotic Stretch
NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit recorded this forward view of its arm and surroundings during the rover's 2,052nd Martian day, or sol, on Oct. 11, 2009. 

Bright soil in the left half of the image is loose, fluffy material churned by the rover's left-front wheel as Spirit, driving backwards, approached its current position in April 2009 and the wheel broke through a darker, crusty surface.

Spirit used its front hazard-avoidance camera to take this image. The turret of tools at the end of the rover's robotic arm is positioned with the Moessbauer spectrometer up and the rock abrasion tool extending toward the right. Spirit's right-front wheel, visible in this image, has not worked since 2006. It is the least-embedded of the rover's six wheels at the current location, called "Troy."

Spirit and its twin, Opportunity, have been working on Mars for more than 58 months in what were originally planned as 3-month missions on Mars.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech  




 Full caption: Friction Stir Weld
This close-up view of the friction stir weld tack tool used to manufacture of space shuttle external tanks shows the process of tack welding barrel panels together. Barrels were previously fabricated using traditional fusion welding, but friction stir welding is different in that the materials are not melted. A rotating tool pin uses friction and applied pressure to join the 20-foot longitudinal panels together. 

Friction stir welding is the most recent upgrade to the space shuttle's external tank, the largest element of the shuttle and the only element that is not reusable. The new welding technique utilizes frictional heating combined with forging pressure to produce high-strength bonds virtually free of defects. Friction stir welding transforms the metals from a solid state into a "plastic-like" state, and then mechanically stirs the materials together under pressure to form a welded joint. Invented and patented by The Welding Institute, a British research and technology organization, the process is applicable to aerospace, shipbuilding, aircraft and automotive industries. One of the key benefits of this new technology is that it allows welds to be made on aluminum alloys that cannot be readily fusion arc welded, the traditional method of welding.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Wolverines! 




 ...in facts. 




 Caption: The Soyuz TMA-14 spacecraft is seen as it lands with Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka, Flight Engineer Michael Barratt, and spaceflight participant Guy Laliberte near the town of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan on Sunday, Oct. 11, 2009. Padalka and Barratt returned from six months onboard the International Space Station, along with Laliberte who arrived at the station on Oct. 2 with Expedition 21 Flight Engineers Jeff Williams and Maxim Suraev aboard the Soyuz TMA-16 spacecraft.  




 caption: Surrounded by medical personnel, seated from left to right are spaceflight participant Guy Laliberte, Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka and Expedition 20 Flight Engineer Michael Barratt.They had landed minutes before at 12:32 a.m. EDT aboard the Soyuz capsule near the town of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan, on Sunday, Oct. 11, 2009. Padalka and Barratt are returning from six months onboard the International Space Station, along with Laliberte who arrived at the station on Oct. 2 with Expedition 21 Flight Engineers Jeff Williams and Maxim Suraev aboard the Soyuz TMA-16 spacecraft.  




 Caption: Layers in the lower portion of two neighboring buttes within the Noctis Labyrinthus formation on Mars are visible in this image from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.  




 This image of NGC 6240 contains new X-ray data from Chandra (shown in red, orange, and yellow) that has been combined with an optical image from the Hubble Space Telescope originally released in 2008. In 2002, Chandra data led to the discovery of two merging black holes, which are a mere 3,000 light years apart. They are seen as the bright point-like sources in the middle of the image.

Scientists think these black holes are in such close proximity because they are in the midst of spiraling toward each other -- a process that began about 30 million years ago. It is estimated that they holes will eventually drift together and merge into a larger black hole some tens or hundreds of millions of years from now. 




 caption: Some of the coldest and darkest dust in space shines brightly in this infrared image from the Herschel Observatory, a European Space Agency mission with important participation from NASA. The image is a composite of light captured simultaneously by two of Herschel's three instruments -- the photodetector array camera and spectrometer with its spectral and photometric imaging receiver. 




 caption:  Marshall Space Flight Center is testing a new robotic lunar lander test bed that will aid in the development of a new generation of multi-use landers for robotic space exploration. The test article is equipped with thrusters that guide the lander, one set of which controls the vehicle's attitude that directs the altitude and landing. On the test lander, an additional thruster offsets the effect of Earths gravity so that the other thrusters can operate as they would in a lunar environment. MSFC is partnered with John Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and the Von Braun Center for Science and Innovation for this project. 




 yes 




 hypocritic oath? 




 Now they are reporting that this was all just a training exercise.

But on 9/11? During the Pentagon memorial service? If this is true, they're morons.  Maybe they'll fly some more planes over NYC today for some photo ops. 




 Kevorkian has a posse  




 oops 




 Death Panels!  They're gonna kill Grandma!  Socialism! You're gonna pay for abortions for illegals!  He's a Kenyan Muslim! 




 I first read this as: Cheesesteak Ice Cream 




 Kaboom! 




 He should go to Cleveland so he can be part of the Dawg Pound 




 urine trouble 




 gorilla glue is a real product, it's been around for a while.  that being said, there are plenty of other more mainstream brands of glue that zell could have used to make his point. 




 the suspect was killed 




 Will not run for another purchased Senate seat. 




 http://www.google.com/ 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_Tour_de_France#General_Classification 




 Fuck Newt 




 HALP! 




 yes 




 He could choose Marion Barry as a running mate. 




 Because Rush said so. 




 At least he wasn't in a movie with a monkey. 




 Coleman just conceded. 




 unless SCOTUS refuses to hear the case 




 3-2-1 and Liftoff of GOES-O

Rising above the pad's fixed service tower, a Delta IV rocket soars into the sky with the GOES-O satellite aboard. Liftoff was at 6:51 p.m. EDT from Launch Complex 37 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The first attempt to launch GOES-O, on June 26, was scrubbed due to thunderstorms. The latest Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite, GOES-O was developed by NASA for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA. Each of the GOES satellites continuously provides observations of 60 percent of the Earth including the continental United States, providing weather monitoring and forecast operations as well as a continuous and reliable stream of environmental information and severe weather warnings. Once in orbit, GOES-O will be designated GOES-14, and NASA will provide on-orbit checkout and then transfer operational responsibility to NOAA. 

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller 




 Sarah Palin, self proclaimed Joke Appropriateness Czar, makes a joke about a Senators physical appearance. 




 RIP 




 toothpaste or jelly? 




 lolz...   morans 




 I hope he makes a full recovery. 




 i think the cables are attached to the tower behind the rocket, you can see it peeking out from behind the flame. 




 crazy 




 It is a standard issue republican apology. 




 He should have got a policy from Mellon Insurance Agency 




 One might even call him a boob. 




 fuck flickr 




 I think you misspelled his name.  It should be - Ross Douchehat 




 In the foreground is mission commander James McDivitt; in background is Russell Schweickart, lunar module pilot - Apollo 9 




 It's probably Alderman Ike Carothers - http://www.suntimes.com/news/metro/1596369,attorney-corruption-case-052809.article 




 Projection

 




 it-may-very-well-be 




 He needs to experience it.  At Gitmo.  




 Good news! 




 Leader of the sack? 




 He must have gone to the Barbara Bush School of Compassion. 




 Profit! 




 Because we will have to deal with her again, and the media circus, at the 2012 presidential election. 




 go away 




 Fuck them.  Get ready for primaries. 




 Actually, Ned Lamont beat Lieberman in the last primary.  Lieberman then formed his own party, Connecticut for Lieberman, and ran against Lamont and the non-viable Republican candidate (who ended up with just 9% of the vote) in the general election. Lieberman won because Republicans voted him in. 




 Stevens down the toobz. 




 boooooooooooooo 




 Can we say FUCK YOU to Joe too? 




 Reid needs to go. 




 Of course they do. 




 Bush made his own bed, now he can lay in it. 




 electoral vote at 333 - 146 now according to MSNBC 




 Because he's a toxic weeping pustular blister that's been festering on Rave's ass? 




 APPEASER!!! 




 um... I said "Way past time." 




 Way past time. 




 You naming namer. 




 Come on, we all know why. 




 Yes, lie did. 




 Not to mention that Joe isn't a licensed plumber and owes back taxes. 




 He's a republican... 




 Plame was a covert agent.  Deny it all you like, you will still be wrong.

"On Tuesday, special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald filed an unclassified CIA summary of Plame's status, which shows that she was, in fact, covert at the time of Novak's column."

http://www.salon.com/news/primary_sources/2007/05/30/plame/
 




 Poor Johnny McSame 




 Please, take him! 




 She's a living fungus spore. 




 40 seconds in, someone in the crowd yells "he's a ni**er!"  Palin misses a beat, but says nothing about it.  I guess she is both used to it and condones it. 




 terrorist appeaser  




 awesome! 




 lol 




 Sorry, I forgot. 




 Cut-n-run white flag waving cowards surrendering to the terrists!  What will the crazy GOP base say now? 




 Scary stuff 




 Hopefully, after this election "neocon" won't mean anything anymore. 




 But we do have an election. 




 He's got the dick part down, now all he needs is a tater. 




 ASSault 




 http://thenews.jang.com.pk/updates.asp?id=56121 




 no 




 Why does he hate Larry Craig? 




 Poor Maverick.  Nobody loves him. 




 It's what the republicans were chanting at their convention.

http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=%22drill+baby+drill%22 ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8
 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw 




 It's called republicanism. 




 How many houses will that make for the republican Presidential ticket? 




 Proving the GWOT is a bunch of BS 




 Are the Two Fat Ladies MI6? 




 Witnesses told reporters the identity of the victim, the police would not confirm it. 




 RIP 




 Please use local number 51026. Thanks. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 Siegelman: "What has been done by this DOJ will make Watergate look like childs play." 




 Lieberman is a jackass 




 Or while he was yelling at a cloud. 




 Or during reruns of Matlock 




 That's the Log Cabin Republicans 




 Give her a damn table already! 




 If he's elected, we'll be in deep *doo doo* 




 ...and is proof he doesn't know shit. 




 Sure we are.  Just grab Chaka and jump in a pylon. 




 Correct! 




 ...but we already knew he's a liar. 




 Wasn't that Puff Daddy? 




 I assume they will be taking a wide stance on the issue. 




 It's all they've got. 




 Hopefully you printed them as white text on a black page. 




 Hoyer and Pelosi must go! 




 So far a no-show.  Very disappointing. 




 Pelosi and Hoyer need to go. 




 Pelosi sucks ass! 




 Impeachment now? 




 Get a shitty-ass bike that nobody would want. 




 Yeah, most likely due to the stiff competition. 




 I copied the title of the article word for word. 




 Comment downvoted for not knowing the difference between *Whitehouse*, as in Sheldon *Whitehouse*, and the *White House*, as in where our President lives. 




 Dick 




 Bush has always been #2 




 or:  There's the court, where are your balls? 




 Nobody could have anticipated. 




 Morons 




 Why do they hate America? 




 Oh poor Scotty McPorkrinds.  I feel so bad for him.  Really, I do. 




 Poor Scotty McPorkrinds.  He's like Lieberman now in that nobody likes him. 




 So?
 




 A rotting gila monster corpse would outdraw Chimpy and McSame. 




 Hopefully they will all go to jail where they belong -- including Mr. McClellan. 




 Don't forget the exploding batteries. 




 Rove is a festering shitbag. 




 Nevermind that McLame sought out Hagee's endorsement *after* Hagee made many crazy statements.  Birds of a feather... 




 Appeaser!  




 News of Kennedys brain tumor causes Freeper thread to be shut down.

http://pandagon.blogsome.com/2008/05/20/news-of-kennedys-brain-tumor-causes-freeper-thread-to-be-shut-down/
 




 Lifted from another post:

here is a comment (from username: Southpaw018) pasted from FARK:
Ted Kennedy is a Senator who has a 45 year long record spanning thousands of votes on issues that have literally changed our country and the world. He was a champion of the Civil Rights Movement. He's a proponent of equal rights across the board, solid energy policy, sound fiscal policy, of diplomacy, of good education for all children and adults, and has a solid record supported widely by people in both parties on foreign policy.
He also is primarily responsible for drunken driving and, subsequently, the death of a person.

That you, subby, choose to define him by a horrible, unforgivable mistake he made without taking into account the fact that he has worked tirelessly for longer than you've probably even been alive to improve the world in which we live means that you have a problem with the progress he represents, and not particularly with the woman whose life you cheapen by defining him by her death. 




 McCain is a neocon tool. 




 McCain sought Hagee's endorsement *after* Hagee made the Katrina (and many others) remarks. 




 I guess Vito and Vitter are exceptions to the rule. 




 John Yoo is an ass. 




 The questions that matter, like how good a candidate is at bowling or drinking whiskey. 




 update: US military denies Iraq report of al-Qaida arrest
http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gkx-3oYeFwuWKCusr2jrojs98w8wD90I2QGO0
 




 The Dalai Lama

Obama/Lama '08 




 Space bacon. 




 Idiots are running our country. 




 We can rebuild him. 




 He will testilie - as he was taught. 




 ummmm... does it mean we attack Iran? 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 YAY!  So that means we can leave Iraq? 




 That it may. 




 What was the mission again? 
























 Caption: A Dragon Approaches

This image of SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft as it approached the space station was taken NASA astronaut Don Pettit. The SpaceX Falcon 9 and its Dragon spacecraft launched on Tuesday, May 22, at 3:44 a.m. EDT. 

This mission is a demonstration flight by Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, as part of its contract with NASA to have private companies launch cargo safely to the International Space Station.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Opportunity's Selfie

NASA's Mars Rover Opportunity catches its own late-afternoon shadow in this dramatically lit view eastward across Endeavour Crater on Mars.

The rover used the panoramic camera (Pancam) between about 4:30 and 5:00 p.m. local Mars time to record images taken through different filters and combined into this mosaic view.

Most of the component images were recorded during the 2,888th Martian day, or sol, of Opportunity's work on Mars (March 9, 2012). At that time, Opportunity was spending low-solar-energy weeks of the Martian winter at the Greeley Haven outcrop on the Cape York segment of Endeavour's western rim. In order to give the mosaic a rectangular aspect, some small parts of the edges of the mosaic and sky were filled in with parts of an image acquired earlier as part of a 360-degree panorama from the same location.

Opportunity has been studying the western rim of Endeavour Crater since arriving there in August 2011. This crater spans 14 miles (22 kilometers) in diameter, or about the same area as the city of Seattle. This is more than 20 times wider than Victoria Crater, the largest impact crater that Opportunity had previously examined. The interior basin of Endeavour is in the upper half of this view.

The mosaic combines about a dozen images taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see, such as the dark sandy ripples and dunes on the crater's distant floor.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Late Afternoon Shadows at Endeavour Crater on Mars

NASA's Mars Rover Opportunity catches its own late-afternoon shadow in this dramatically lit view eastward across Endeavour Crater on Mars. 

The rover used the panoramic camera (Pancam) between about 4:30 and 5:00 p.m. local Mars time to record images taken through different filters and combined into this mosaic view. 

Most of the component images were recorded during the 2,888th Martian day, or sol, of Opportunity's work on Mars (March 9, 2012). At that time, Opportunity was spending low-solar-energy weeks of the Martian winter at the Greeley Haven outcrop on the Cape York segment of Endeavour's western rim. In order to give the mosaic a rectangular aspect, some small parts of the edges of the mosaic and sky were filled in with parts of an image acquired earlier as part of a 360-degree panorama from the same location. 

Opportunity has been studying the western rim of Endeavour Crater since arriving there in August 2011. This crater spans 14 miles (22 kilometers) in diameter, or about the same area as the city of Seattle. This is more than 20 times wider than Victoria Crater, the largest impact crater that Opportunity had previously examined. The interior basin of Endeavour is in the upper half of this view. 

The mosaic combines about a dozen images taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see, such as the dark sandy ripples and dunes on the crater's distant floor. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Dragon Fire

The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket soared into space from Space Launch Complex-40 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, carrying the Dragon capsule to orbit at 3:44 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, May 22, 2012. The launch is the company's second demonstration test flight for NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services, or COTS, Program. During the flight, there will be a series of check-out procedures to test and prove Dragon's systems, including rendezvous and berthing with the International Space Station. If the capsule performs as planned, the cargo and experiments it is carrying will be transferred to the station. 

Image Credit: NASA/Alan Ault 




 I chose r/politics because Tierney's tweets were directed at [Sandra Fluke](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rush_LimbaughSandra_Fluke_controversy) 




 caption: Saturn's Brightly Reflective Moon Enceladus

A brightly reflective Enceladus appears before Saturn's rings, while the planet's larger moon Titan looms in the distance.

Jets of water ice and vapor emanating from the south pole of Enceladus, which hint at subsurface sea rich in organics, and liquid hydrocarbons ponding on the surface on the surface of Titan make these two of the most fascinating moons in the Saturnian system.

Enceladus (313 miles, or 504 kilometers across) is in the center of the image. Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across) glows faintly in the background beyond the rings. This view looks toward the anti-Saturn side of Enceladus and the Saturn-facing side of Titan. The northern, sunlit side of the rings is seen from just above the ringplane.

The image was taken in visible green light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on March 12, 2012. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 600,000 miles (1 million kilometers) from Enceladus and at a Sun-Enceladus-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 36 degrees. Image scale is 4 miles (6 kilometers) per pixel on Enceladus.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Engine Test With a Cyclonic Twist

Water forms an interesting cyclonic twist as it is intentionally sucked into the test engine of a U.S. Air Force C-17 transport aircraft during the VIPR project engine health monitoring tests conducted by NASA Dryden. The water was contained on a special platform built by NASA Dryden's Fabrication Branch for the tests.

NASA's Aviation Safety Program is developing technology for improved sensors to help spot changes in vibration, speed, temperature and emissions which are symptomatic of engine glitches. These advanced sensors could alert ground crews to problems that can be eliminated with preventive maintenance before becoming serious safety concerns. Ultimately, the sensors could alert pilots to the presence of destructive volcanic ash particles too small for the eyes to see, giving more time for evasive action to prevent engine damage in flight.

Image Credit: NASA / Tony Landis 




 Caption: SpaceX and NASA Prepare for Launch

In a processing facility at Space Launch Complex-40 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, Space Exploration Technologies technicians attach the Dragon capsule to the second stage of the companys Falcon 9 rocket. Known as SpaceX, the launch will be the company's second demonstration test flight for NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services program, or COTS. During the flight, the capsule will conduct a series of check-out procedures to test and prove its systems, including rendezvous and berthing with the International Space Station. If the capsule performs as planned, the NanoRacks-CubeLabs Module-9 experiments and other cargo aboard Dragon will be transferred to the station. The cargo includes food, water and provisions for the stations Expedition crews, such as clothing, batteries and computer equipment. Under COTS, NASA has partnered with two private companies to provide resupply missions to the station. The launch is TBD. For more information, visit http://www.nasa.gov/spacex. Photo credit: NASA/Jim Grossmann 




 caption: Orion Ground Test Vehicle Arrives at Kennedy

The Orion Ground Test Vehicle arrived at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Operations   Checkout (O C) Facility on April 21. The vehicle traveled more than 1,800 miles from Lockheed Martin's Waterton Facility near Denver, Colo., where it successfully completed a series of rigorous acoustic, modal and vibration tests that simulated launch and spaceflight environments. 

The ground test vehicle will now be used for pathfinding operations at the O C in preparation for the Orion spaceflight test vehicle's arrival this summer. The spaceflight vehicle is currently being fabricated at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, La., and is slated for NASA's Exploration Flight Test, or EFT-1, in 2014. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Discovery Readied for Demate

NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft with the space shuttle Discovery mated on top rolls into position for demating at Washington Dulles International Airport, Wednesday, April 18, 2012, in Sterling, VA. Discovery, the first orbiter retired from NASAs shuttle fleet, completed 39 missions, spent 365 days in space, orbited the Earth 5,830 times, and traveled 148,221,675 miles. NASA will transfer Discovery to the National Air and Space Museum to begin its new mission to commemorate past achievements in space and to educate and inspire future generations of explorers. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Moscow at Night

Moscow appears at the center of this nighttime image photographed by the Expedition 30 crew aboard the International Space Station, flying at an altitude of approximately 240 miles on March 28, 2012. A solar array panel for the space station is on the left side of the frame. The view is to the north-northwest from a nadir of approximately 49.4 degrees north latitude and 42.1 degrees east longitude, about 100 miles west-northwest of Volgograd. The Aurora Borealis, airglow and daybreak frame the horizon.

Image Credit: NASA 




 How does he remember to breathe? 




 caption: Shuttle Carrier Aircraft Arrives at Kennedy Space Center

The newly arrived Shuttle Carrier Aircraft is seen through the platforms of the mate-demate device at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASAs Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The aircraft, known as an SCA, arrived at 5:35 p.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 10, 2012, to prepare for shuttle Discoverys ferry flight to the Washington Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Va., on April 17. This SCA, designated NASA 905, is a modified Boeing 747 jet airliner, originally manufactured for commercial use.

One of two SCAs employed over the course of the Space Shuttle Program, NASA 905 is assigned to the remaining ferry missions, delivering the shuttles to their permanent public display sites. NASA 911 was decommissioned at the NASA Dryden Flight Research Center in California in February.

Discovery will be placed on permanent public display in the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, Va.

Image Credit: NASA/Kim Shiflett 




 [related](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/ru2je/so_this_is_happening_at_my_work_now/) 




 [source](http://photoblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/03/31/10959909-3d-printer-prints-sand-grain-size-models-at-record-speed) 




 caption: One Millionth Space Station Photo

ISS030-E-126655 (7 March, 2012) --- This photograph, taken by one of the Expedition 30 crew members aboard the International Space Station from approximately 240 miles above the southeastern Tasman Sea, is believed to be the one millionth still image recorded by space station crews. The view, from over a point centered at 46.56 degrees south latitude and 164.33 degrees east longitude, focuses on an area just west of the south end of South Island, New Zealand and was taken about 3:19 a.m. New Zealand time, March 7, 2012. Illumination and the relative motion of features in the overall series of photos suggest that the view is towards the south to southeast with the approaching dawn to the left and a strong band of Aurora Australis, from left to right. A Russian Soyuz and a Russian Progress vehicle are seen center and right in the foreground, respectively. 




 caption: Dusty Mars Rover's Self Portrait

This self portrait from NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity shows dust accumulation on the rover's solar panels as the mission approached its fifth Martian winter. The dust reduces the rover's power supply, and the rover's mobility is limited until the winter is over or wind cleans the panels.

This is a mosaic of images taken by Opportunity's panoramic camera (Pancam) during the 2,111th to 2,814th Martian days, or sols, of the rover's mission (Dec. 21 to Dec. 24, 2011). The downward-looking view omits the mast on which the camera is mounted.

The portrait is presented in approximate true color, the camera team's best estimate of what the scene would look like if humans were there and able to see it with their own eyes.

Opportunity has worked through four Martian southern hemisphere winters since it landed in in January 2004 about 14 miles (23 kilometers) northwest of its current location. Closer to the equator than its twin rover, Spirit, Opportunity has not needed to stay on a sun-facing slope during the previous winters. Now, however, Opportunity's solar panels carry a thicker coating of dust, and the team is using a strategy employed for three winters with Spirit: staying on a sun-facing slope. The sun will pass relatively low in the northern sky from the rover's perspective for several months of shortened daylight before and after the southern Mars winter solstice on March 30, 2012. Opportunity is conducting research while located on the north-facing slope of a site called "Greeley Haven." 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Sunspots and Solar Flares

NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) captured this image of an M7.9 class flare on March 13, 2012 at 1:29 p.m. EDT. It is shown here in the 131 Angstrom wavelength, a wavelength particularly good for seeing solar flares and a wavelength that is typically colorized in teal. The flare peaked at 1:41 p.m. EDT. It was from the same active region, No. 1429, that produced flares and coronal mass ejections the entire week. The region has been moving across the face of the sun since March 2, and will soon rotate out of Earth view.

A solar flare is an intense burst of radiation coming from the release of magnetic energy associated with sunspots. Flares are our solar systems largest explosive events. They are seen as bright areas on the sun and last from mere minutes to several hours. 

Scientists classify solar flares according to their x-ray brightness. There are 3 categories: X-, M- and C-class. X-class flares are the largest of these events. M-class flares are medium-sized; they can cause brief radio blackouts that affect Earth's polar regions. Compared to X- and M-class, C-class flares are small with few noticeable consequences on Earth. 

Image Credit: NASA/SDO 




 Caption: The Serpent Dust Devil of Mars

A towering dust devil, casts a serpentine shadow over the Martian surface in this image acquired by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. 

The scene is a late-spring afternoon in the Amazonis Planitia region of northern Mars. The view covers an area about four-tenths of a mile (644 meters) across. North is toward the top. The length of the dusty whirlwind's shadow indicates that the dust plume reaches more than half a mile (800 meters) in height. The plume is about 30 yards or meters in diameter. 

A westerly breeze partway up the height of the dust devil produced a delicate arc in the plume. The image was taken during the time of Martian year when the planet is farthest from the sun. Just as on Earth, winds on Mars are powered by solar heating. Exposure to the sun's rays declines during this season, yet even now, dust devils act relentlessly to clean the surface of freshly deposited dust, a little at a time. 

This view is one product from an observation made by HiRISE on Feb. 16, 2012, at 35.8 degrees north latitude, 207 degrees east longitude. Other image products from the same observation are at http://www.uahirise.org/ESP_026051_2160 . 

HiRISE is one of six instruments on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The University of Arizona, Tucson, operates the orbiter's HiRISE camera, which was built by Ball Aerospace   Technologies Corp., Boulder, Colo. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project for the NASA Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built the spacecraft.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Univ. of Arizona 




 Caption: Gumdrop Meets Spider

This image, taken on March 6, 1969, shows the Apollo 9 Command and Service Modules docked with the Lunar Module. Apollo 9 astronaut Dave Scott stands in the open hatch of the Command Module, nicknamed "Gumdrop," docked to the Lunar Module "Spider" in Earth orbit. His crewmate Rusty Schweickart, lunar module pilot, took this photograph from the porch of the lunar module. Inside the lunar module was Apollo 9 commander Jim McDivitt. The crew tested the orbital rendezvous and docking procedures that made the lunar landings possible. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Maybe GM will put out the 6000 SUX. 




 Fuckin' teabaggers. 




 full caption: Beside a Giant

Saturn's largest moon, Titan, looks small here, pictured to the right of the gas giant in this Cassini spacecraft view. 

Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across) is in the upper right. Saturn's rings appear across the top of the image, and they cast a series of shadows onto the planet across the middle of the image. 

The moon Prometheus (53 miles, or 86 kilometers across) appears as a tiny white speck above the rings in the far upper right of the image. The shadow cast by Prometheus can be seen as a small black speck on the planet on the far left of the image, between the shadows cast by the main rings and the thin F ring. The shadow of the moon Pandora also can be seen on the planet south of the shadows of all the rings, below the center of the image towards the right side of the planet. Pandora is not shown here. 

This view looks toward the southern, unilluminated side of the rings from about 1 degree below the ringplane. 

The image was taken with the Cassini spacecraft wide-angle camera on Jan. 5, 2012 using a spectral filter sensitive to wavelengths of near-infrared light centered at 752 nanometers. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 426,000 miles (685,000 kilometers) from Saturn and at a Sun-Saturn-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 20 degrees. Image scale is 23 miles (37 kilometers) per pixel on Saturn. The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 [more info](http://www.newsobserver.com/2012/02/24/1879485/nursery-catalog-sets-off-firestorm.html) 




 Caption: Expedition 30 Cosmonauts Perform Spacewalk

This image of Russian cosmonauts Oleg Kononenko and Anton Shkaplerov, both Expedition 30 flight engineers, was taken during a spacewalk on Thursday, Feb. 16, 2012. During the six-hour, 15-minute spacewalk, Kononenko and Shkaplerov moved the Strela-1 crane from the Pirs Docking Compartment in preparation for replacing it in 2012 with a new laboratory and docking module. The duo used another boom, the Strela-2, to move the hand-operated crane to the Poisk module for future assembly and maintenance work. Both telescoping booms extend like fishing rods and are used to move massive components outside the station. On the exterior of the Poisk Mini-Research Module 2, they also installed the Vinoslivost Materials Sample Experiment, which will investigate the influence of space on the mechanical properties of the materials. The spacewalkers also collected a test sample from underneath the insulation on the Zvezda Service Module to search for any signs of living organisms. Both spacewalkers wore Russian Orlan spacesuits bearing blue stripes and equipped with NASA helmet cameras.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Photo credit: Martial Trezzini / EPA 




 Maybe not in public... 




 Can he whip them up into a froth like santorum? 




 Caption: Aurora Borealis Over the Midwest

In this image taken on Jan. 25, 2012, the Aurora Borealis steals the scene in this nighttime photograph shot from the International Space Station as the orbital outpost flew over the Midwest. The spacecraft was above south central Nebraska when the photo was taken. The image, taken at an oblique angle, looks north to northeast.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: An Historic Meeting

John Glenn, standing next to his Friendship 7 capsule in which he made his historic orbital flight, meets with President John F. Kennedy. Mrs. Glenn stands next to her husband. Earlier that day, President Kennedy presented the NASA Distinguished Service Award to Glenn.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Dione on a Diagonal

Saturn and Dione appear askew in this Cassini spacecraft view, with the north poles rotated to the right, as if they were threaded along on the thin diagonal line of the planet's rings.

This view looks toward the anti-Saturn side of Dione (698 miles, or 1,123 kilometers across). North on Dione is up and rotated 20 degrees to the right. This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from less than one degree above the ring plane.

The image was taken in visible green light with the Cassini spacecraft wide-angle camera on Dec. 12, 2011. The view was obtained at a distance of approximately 35,000 miles (57,000 kilometers) from Dione and at a Sun-Dione-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 41 degrees. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 RIP 




 Caption: Panorama of the East Coast

This Jan. 29 panorama of much of the East Coast, photographed by one of the Expedition 30 crew members aboard the International Space Station, provides a look generally northeastward: Philadelphia-New York City-Boston corridor (bottom-center); western Lake Ontario shoreline with Toronto (left edge); Montreal (near center). An optical illusion in the photo makes the atmospheric limb and light activity from Aurora Borealis appear "intertwined." 

Image Credit: NASA 




 It's the republican way. 




 Caption: Remembering Apollo 1

On January 27, 1967, Apollo 1's crew--Virgil I. "Gus" Grissom, Edward H. White II and Roger B. Chaffee--was killed when a fire erupted in their capsule during testing. Apollo 1 was originally designated AS-204 but following the fire, the astronauts' widows requested that the mission be remembered as Apollo 1 and following missions would be numbered subsequent to the flight that never made it into space.

Image credit: NASA  




 Caption: Opportunity's Eighth Anniversary View From 'Greeley Haven' (False Color)

This mosaic of images taken in mid-January 2012 shows the windswept vista northward (left) to northeastward (right) from the location where NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity is spending its fifth Martian winter, an outcrop informally named "Greeley Haven." 

Opportunity's Panoramic Camera (Pancam) took the component images as part of full-circle view being assembled from Greeley Haven. 

The view includes sand ripples and other wind-sculpted features in the foreground and mid-field. The northern edge of the the "Cape York" segment of the rim of Endeavour Crater forms an arc across the upper half of the scene. 

Opportunity landed on Mars on Jan. 25, 2004, Universal Time and EST (Jan. 24, PST). It has driven 21.4 miles (34.4 kilometers) as of its eighth anniversary on the planet. In late 2011, the rover team drove Opportunity up onto Greeley Haven to take advantage of the outcrop's sun-facing slope to boost output from the rover's dusty solar panels during the Martian winter. 

Research activities while at Greeley Haven include a radio-science investigation of the interior of Mars, inspections of mineral compositions and textures on the outcrop, and monitoring of wind-caused changes on scales from dunes to individual soil particles. 

The image combines exposures taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Closest Dione Flyby

Flying past Saturn's moon Dione, Cassini captured this view which includes two smaller moons, Epimetheus and Prometheus, near the planet's rings. 

The image was taken in visible light with Cassini's narrow-angle camera during the spacecraft's flyby of Dione on Dec. 12, 2011. This encounter was the spacecraft's closest pass of the moon's surface, but, because this flyby was intended primarily for other Cassini instruments, it did not yield Cassini's best images of the moon. Higher resolution images were obtained during earlier flybys (see PIA07638). 

Dione (698 miles, or 1,123 kilometers across) is closest to Cassini here and is on the left of the image. Potato-shaped Prometheus (53 miles, or 86 kilometers across) appears above the rings near the center top of the image. Epimetheus (70 miles, or 113 kilometers across) is on the right. 

This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from less than one degree above the ring plane. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 67,000 miles (108,000 kilometers) from Dione. Image scale is 2,122 feet (647 meters) per pixel on Dione. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 [Another view of the scene](http://a.abcnews.com/images/US/ap_santa_barbara_highway_rescue_dm_120116_wg.jpg) 




 Caption: Dramatic rescue
Firefighters rescue a family from a car dangling over a bridge after a fiery crash, Jan. 12, on Highway 101 near Buellton, Calif. The accident claimed the life of a truck driver.

A team of Navy Seabees happened to be passing by the scene, and the fire crew used a Seabees heavy forklift to stabilize the dangling car. A mother and her two daughters were taken to the hospital.

Mike Eliason / Santa Barbara News 




 Is that Mitt Romney driving? 




 Caption: Three Generations of Rovers with Crouching Engineers

Two spacecraft engineers join a grouping of vehicles providing a comparison of three generations of Mars rovers developed at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif. The setting is JPL's Mars Yard testing area. 

Front and center is the flight spare for the first Mars rover, Sojourner, which landed on Mars in 1997 as part of the Mars Pathfinder Project. On the left is a Mars Exploration Rover Project test rover that is a working sibling to Spirit and Opportunity, which landed on Mars in 2004. On the right is a Mars Science Laboratory test rover the size of that project's Mars rover, Curiosity, which is on course for landing on Mars in August 2012. 

Sojourner and its flight spare, named Marie Curie, are 2 feet (65 centimeters) long. The Mars Exploration Rover Project's rover, including the "Surface System Test Bed" rover in this photo, are 5.2 feet (1.6 meters) long. The Mars Science Laboratory Project's Curiosity rover and "Vehicle System Test Bed" rover, on the right, are 10 feet (3 meters) long. 

The engineers are JPL's Matt Robinson, left, and Wesley Kuykendall. The California Institute of Technology, in Pasadena, operates JPL for NASA. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: RS-25D Engine Awaits Shipment at Kennedy Space Center

A RS-25D engine in the Engine Processing Facility at Kennedy Space Center, Fla., is awaiting placement in a transportation canister for shipment to Stennis Space Center in south Mississippi. The 15 RS-25D engines used during the Space Shuttle Program will be stored at Stennis for future use on NASA's new heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System, which will carry NASA's new Orion spacecraft, cargo, equipment and science experiments beyond low-Earth orbit. 

Credit: NASA/KSC 




 Caption: Welcome Disruption

The line of Saturn's rings disrupts the Cassini spacecraft's view of the moons Tethys and Titan. 

Larger Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across) is on the left. Tethys (660 miles, or 1,062 kilometers across) is near the center of the image. This view looks toward the Saturn-facing sides of Tethys and Titan. The angle also shows the northern, sunlit side of the rings from less than one degree above the ring plane. The image was taken in visible red light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Dec. 7, 2011. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 1.4 million miles (2.2 million kilometers) from Tethys and 1.9 million miles (3.1 million kilometers) from Titan. Image scale is 8 miles (13 kilometers) per pixel on Tethys and 12 miles (19 kilometers) on Titan. 

The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two on-board cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: The Past, Powering the Future

All six Pratt Whitney Rocketdyne space shuttle main engines from Endeavour's STS-134 and Atlantis' STS-135 missions sit in test cells inside the Engine Shop at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. For the first time, all 15 shuttle main engines are in the shop at the same time, being prepped for shipment to NASA's Stennis Space Center in Mississippi, where they are being repurposed for use on NASA's next generation heavy lift rocket, the Space Launch System. 

Photo credit: NASA/Dimitri Gerondidakis 




 caption: Sub-scale Drogue Chute Testing

Dr. Anita Sengupta and Donn Liddle of NASA are pictured in the low speed wind tunnel at Texas A M University, which is being used for testing of a scale model of the Orion spacecraft and its parachute system. 

Image credit: NASA/James Blair 




 Caption: Wallops Launch on Jan. 11, 2012

A NASA Terrier-Improved Malemute suborbital sounding rocket was successfully launched this morning, Jan. 11, 2012, at 8:25 from the Wallops Flight Facility. This was a test flight of the vehicle being developed to support NASA suborbital science missions. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 The picture makes it look so big. 




 "The first six flight ready James Webb Space Telescope's primary mirror segments are prepped to begin final cryogenic testing at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn" 




 Caption: Space Station Flying by the Moon

The International Space Station can be seen as a small object in upper left of this image of the moon in the early evening Jan. 4 in the skies over the Houston area flying at an altitude of 390.8 kilometers (242.8 miles). The space station can occasionally be seen in the night sky with the naked eye and a pair of field binoculars. 

Image credit: NASA/Lauren Harnett 




 Caption: Earth Observations

This unusual image was photographed through the Cupola on the International Space Station by one of the Expedition 30 crew members.

The lake just above the bracket-mounted camera at center is Egirdir Golu in Turkey, located at 38.05 degrees north latitude and 30.89 degrees east longitude. A Russian Soyuz spacecraft is docked to the station at lower right and part of the Permanent Multipurpose Module (PMM) can be seen just above it. 

The photo was taken on Dec. 29, 2011.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Orange and Blue Hazes

This view from NASA's Cassini spacecraft looks toward the south polar region of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, and shows a depression within the moon's orange and blue haze layers near the south pole.

The moon's high altitude haze layer appears blue here; whereas, the main atmospheric haze is orange. The difference in color could be due to particle size of the haze. The blue haze likely consists of smaller particles than the orange haze. 

The depressed or attenuated layer appears in the transition area between the orange and blue hazes about a third of the way in from the left edge of the narrow-angle image. The moon's south pole is in the upper right of this image. This view suggests Titan's north polar vortex, or hood, is beginning to flip from north to south. 

The southern pole of Titan is going into darkness as the sun advances towards the north with each passing day. The upper layer of Titan's hazes is still illuminated by sunlight.

Images taken using red, green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this natural color view. The images were obtained on Sept. 11, 2011 at a distance of approximately 83,000 miles (134,000 kilometers) from Titan. Image scale is 2,581 feet (787 meters) per pixel.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Expedition 30 Soyuz Rolls to the Pad

The Soyuz TMA-03M spacecraft is rolled out by train on its way to the launch pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Monday, Dec. 19, 2011. The launch of the Soyuz spacecraft with Expedition 30 Soyuz Commander Oleg Kononenko of Russia, NASA Flight Engineer Don Pettit and European Space Agency astronaut and Flight Engineer Andre Kuipers is scheduled for 8:16 a.m. EST on Wednesday, Dec. 21. 

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi 




 Pizza Czar 




 Caption: This Dec. 8, 2011 satellite image provided by the the DigitalGlobe Analysis Center shows the Chinese aircraft carrier Varyag sailing in the Yellow Sea, approximately 100 kilometers south-southeast of the port of Dalian, China. (AP Photo/DigitalGlobe)  




 Caption: Apollo 17 Extravehicular Activity - 39 Years Ago Today

39 years ago, today, scientist-astronaut Harrison H. Schmitt is photographed standing next to a huge, split lunar boulder during the third Apollo 17 extravehicular activity (EVA) at the Taurus-Littrow landing site. The Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV), which transported Schmitt and Eugene A. Cernan to this extravehicular station from their Lunar Module (LM), is seen in the background. The mosaic is made from two frames from Apollo 17 Hasselblad magazine 140. The two frames were photographed by Cernan. 

Image Credit: NASA/Eugene Cernan 




 Caption: In, Around, Beyond Rings

A quartet of Saturn's moons, from tiny to huge, surround and are embedded within the planet's rings in this Cassini composition. 

Saturn's largest moon, Titan, is in the background of the image, and the moon's north polar hood is clearly visible. See PIA08137 to learn more about that feature on Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across). Next, the wispy terrain on the trailing hemisphere of Dione (698 miles, or 1,123 kilometers across) can be seen on that moon which appears just above the rings at the center of the image. See PIA10560 and PIA06163 to learn more about Dione's wisps. Saturn's small moon Pandora (50 miles, or 81 kilometers across) orbits beyond the rings on the right of the image. Finally, Pan (17 miles, or 28 kilometers across) can be seen in the Encke Gap of the A ring on the left of the image. 

This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from just above the ringplane. 

The image was taken in visible blue light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Sept. 17, 2011. The view was obtained at a distance of approximately 1.3 million miles (2.1 million kilometers) from Dione and at a Sun-Dione-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 27 degrees. Image scale is 8 miles (13 kilometers) per pixel on Dione. 

The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Echo II, a Balloon Satellite

Echo II is shown here undergoing a tensile stress test in a dirigible hanger at Weekesville, North Carolina. A dirigible is a type of aerostat or "lighter-than-air" aircraft. The 135-foot rigidized balloon satellite was sent into orbit as a passive communications experiment by NASA on January 25, 1964. 

When folded, the satellite was packed into the 41-inch diameter canister shown in the foreground. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Cption: Kepler Launch in 2009

On Launch Pad 17-B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, United Launch Alliance's Delta II rocket carrying NASA's Kepler spacecraft rises through the exhaust cloud created by the firing of the rockets engines. Liftoff was on time at 10:49 p.m. EST on March 6, 2009. 

Kepler is a space-borne telescope designed to search the nearby region of our galaxy for Earth-size planets orbiting in the habitable zone of stars like our sun. The habitable zone is the region around a star where temperatures permit water to be liquid on a planet's surface. The challenge for Kepler is to look at a large number of stars in order to statistically estimate the total number of Earth-size planets orbiting sun-like stars in the habitable zone. Kepler will survey more than 100,000 stars in our galaxy. 

Image credit: NASA, Regina Mitchell-Ryall and Tom Farrar 




 Is that a Bald Eagle in the tree? 




 Caption: Apollo 17 Splashdown

The Apollo 17 spacecraft, containing astronauts Eugene A. Cernan, Ronald E. Evans, and Harrison H. Schmitt, glided to a safe splashdown at 2:25 p.m. EST on Dec. 19, 1972, 648 kilometers (350 nautical miles) southeast of American Samoa. 

The astronauts were flown by recovery helicopter to the U.S.S. Ticonderoga slightly less than an hour after the completion of NASA's sixth and last manned lunar landing in the Apollo program. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Astronaut Tests SAFER Backpack

Astronaut Mark Lee tests the new backpack called Simplified Aid for EVA Rescue (SAFER), a system designed for use in the event a crew member becomes untethered while conducting an EVA. The Lidar-In-Space Technology Experiment (LITE) is shown in the foreground. The LITE payload employs lidar, which stands for light detection and ranging, a type of optical radar using laser pulses instead of radio waves to study Earth's atmosphere. Unprecedented views were obtained of cloud structures, storm systems, dust clouds, pollutants, forest burning, and surface reflectance. The STS-64 mission marked the first untethered U.S. EVA in 10 years, and was launched on September 9, 1994, aboard the Space Shuttle Orbiter Discovery. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 [Flame Extinguishment Experiment](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/news/FLEX_Video.html) (FLEX) Chamber Insert Assembly Apparatus 

"Flames in space burn with a lower temperature, at a lower rate, and with less oxygen than in normal gravity. This means that materials used to extinguish the fire must be present in higher concentrations. The slow flow of air from the fans mixing the air in a spacecraft can make the flames burn even faster. 

To help understand how flames behave and burn in space, FLEX researchers ignite a small drop of either heptane or methanol. As this little sphere of fuel burns for about 20 seconds, it is engulfed by a spherically symmetric flame. The droplet shrinks until either the flame extinguishes or the fuel runs out." 




 Mars Science Laboratory Inspection

In the Payload Hazardous Servicing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, technicians inspect under NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) mission aeroshell, where the wheels of the rover Curiosity can be seen. MSL's components include a car-sized rover, Curiosity, which has 10 science instruments designed to search for evidence on whether Mars has had environments favorable to microbial life, including chemical ingredients for life. The unique rover will use a laser to look inside rocks and release its gases so that the rover's spectrometer can analyze and send the data back to Earth. Launch of MSL aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket is scheduled for Nov. 26 from Space Launch Complex 41 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. 

Image credit: NASA and Glenn Benson 




 Caption: MSL Launches to the Red Planet

The Atlantic Ocean provides a backdrop as the United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket clears the tower at Space Launch Complex 41 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Sealed inside the rocket's protective payload fairing is NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) spacecraft, beginning a 9-month interplanetary cruise to Mars. Liftoff was at 10:02 a.m. EST Nov. 26. MSL's components include a car-sized rover, Curiosity, which has 10 science instruments designed to search for signs of life, including methane, and help determine if the gas is from a biological or geological source.

Image Credit: NASA/Darrell L. McCall 




 Caption: Wheels Installed On Curiosity

Originally taken in July 2010, this photo shows NASA engineers installing six wheels on the Curiosity rover. NASA's Mars Science Laboratory Project will launch Curiosity on Friday, Nov. 26. Curiosity is scheduled for arrival at Mars in August 2012. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Claritas Fossae, Mars

Mars' Claritas Fossae region is characterized by systems of "graben" running mainly north-west to south-east. A graben forms when a block of the planet's crust drops down between two faults, due to extension, or pulling, of the crust.

This image was originally released July 13, 2011. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona 




 Caption: Soyuz on the Launch Pad

The Soyuz TMA-22 rocket is seen on the launch pad during a snow storm the morning of the launch of Expedition 29 to the International Space Station at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Monday, Nov. 14, 2011. 

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi 




 caption: Bean Walks on the Moon

Astronaut Alan L. Bean, Lunar Module pilot, pauses near a tool carrier during the Apollo 12 spacewalk on the moon's surface. Commander Charles Conrad, Jr., who took the black-and-white photo, is reflected in Bean's helmet visor. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 caption: A First for NASA

On Oct. 22, 1968, the Apollo 7 crew is welcomed aboard the USS Essex, the prime recovery ship for the mission. This was the first Apollo splashdown and, therefore, the first three person 'landing' for NASA. 

Left to right, are astronauts Walter M. Schirra Jr., commander; Donn F. Eisele, command module pilot; and, Walter Cunningham, lunar module pilot. In left background is Dr. Donald E. Stullken, NASA Recovery Team Leader from the Manned Spacecraft Center's Landing and Recovery Division. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Stores shouldn't sell this flavor because it isn't very good, not because Mississippi moms don't want little Johnny to see it on store shelves.  Maybe Mississippi moms should focus their energy on being better parents so this kind of thing isn't really a big deal. 




 Caption from EXIF: A Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) fighter looks through a large concrete pipe where ousted Libyan leader  Moamer Kadhafi was allegedly captured, with a dead loyalist gunmen in the foreground, in the coastal Libyan city of Sirte on October 20, 2011.  A Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) commander had told AFP that Kadhafi was captured as his hometown Sirte was falling, adding that the ousted strongman was badly wounded.  Arabic graffiti in blue reads: "This is the place of Kadhafi, the rat.. God is the greatest."   AFP PHOTO/PHILIPPE DESMAZES
 




 Jim DeMint is a fucking moron. Pass it on. 




 Proving once again that teabaggers are partisan, not patriotic.  Party before country. 




 Caption: Failure Is Not An Option

Gene Kranz (foreground, back to camera), an Apollo 13 Flight Director, watches Apollo 13 astronaut and lunar module pilot Fred Haise onscreen in the Mission Operations Control Room, during the mission's fourth television transmission on the evening of April 13, 1970. Shortly after the transmission, an explosion occurred that ended any hope of a lunar landing and jeopardized the lives of the crew.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: NASA's J-2X Engine

This image is from a 2008 cold flow test campaign conducted at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center for the J-2X engine program. 

NASA continues to test the J-2X engine and conducted a 40-second test of the rocket engine Sept. 28, the most recent in a series of tests of the next-generation engine selected as part of the Space Launch System architecture that will once again carry humans into deep space. It was a test at the 99 percent power level to gain a better understanding of start and shutdown systems as well as modifications that had been made from previous test firing results.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Earth's Moon

Photographed by the Expedition 28 crew aboard the International Space Station, this image shows the moon, the Earth's only natural satellite, at center with the limb of Earth near the bottom transitioning into the orange-colored troposphere, the lowest and most dense portion of the Earth's atmosphere. The troposphere ends abruptly at the tropopause, which appears in the image as the sharp boundary between the orange- and blue-colored atmosphere. The silvery-blue noctilucent clouds extend far above the Earth's troposphere. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Orion Prepares for Next Round of Acoustic Testing

The Orion MPCV ground test vehicle is lifted into the acoustic chamber at Lockheed Martins facilities near Denver on Thursday, Sept. 15, 2011, in preparation for the Launch Abort Vehicle Configuration Test. For this test, the MPCV, or multi-purpose crew vehicle, is covered with fillets and ogive panels which resemble the vehicles launch configuration. The spacecraft will undergo testing at sound pressure levels that emulate those experienced at launch and in the event an abort is needed to carry the crew to safety away from a potential problem on the launch pad or during ascent.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Aurora Australis

Video of the Aurora Australis taken by the crew of Expedition 29 on board the International Space Station. This sequence of shots was taken September 17, 2011 from 17:22:27 to 17:45:12 GMT, on an ascending pass from south of Madagascar to just north of Australia over the Indian Ocean. 




 Caption: A Quintet of Saturn's Moons

A quintet of Saturn's moons come together in the Cassini spacecraft's field of view for this portrait.

Janus (179 kilometers, or 111 miles across) is on the far left. Pandora (81 kilometers, or 50 miles across) orbits between the A ring and the thin F ring near the middle of the image. Brightly reflective Enceladus (504 kilometers, or 313 miles across) appears above the center of the image. Saturn's second largest moon, Rhea (1,528 kilometers, or 949 miles across), is bisected by the right edge of the image. The smaller moon Mimas (396 kilometers, or 246 miles across) can be seen beyond Rhea also on the right side of the image.

This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from just above the ringplane. Rhea is closest to Cassini here. The rings are beyond Rhea and Mimas. Enceladus is beyond the rings.

The image was taken in visible green light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on July 29, 2011. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 1.1 million kilometers (684,000 miles) from Rhea and 1.8 million kilometers (1.1 million miles) from Enceladus. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: The Moon's North Pole

The Earth's moon has been an endless source of fascination for humanity for thousands of years. When at last Apollo 11 landed on the moon's surface in 1969, the crew found a desolate, lifeless orb, but one which still fascinates scientist and non-scientist alike.

This image of the moon's north polar region was taken by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera, or LROC. One of the primary scientific objectives of LROC is to identify regions of permanent shadow and near-permanent illumination. Since the start of the mission, LROC has acquired thousands of Wide Angle Camera images approaching the north pole. From these images, scientists produced this mosaic, which is composed of 983 images taken over a one month period during northern summer. This mosaic shows the pole when it is best illuminated, regions that are in shadow are candidates for permanent shadow. 

Image Credit: NASA/GSFC/Arizona State University 




 Caption: ... And on the 2,690th Martian Day

NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity used its navigation camera to take this picture showing a light-toned rock, nicknamed Tisdale 2, on its 2,690th Martian day, or sol, of the rover's work on Mars (Aug. 18, 2011). The rock is about 12 inches (30 centimeters) tall. 

In subsequent sols, the rover used tools on its robotic arm to examine Tisdale 2. That rock and others on the ground beyond it were apparently ejected by the impact that excavated a 66-foot-wide (20-meter-wide) crater, called Odyssey, which is nearby to the left of this scene. Odyssey and these rocks are on a low ridge called Cape York, which is a segment of the western rim of Endeavour crater. Part of Opportunity's array of photovoltaic cells is visible in the foreground. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Night Flight

Space shuttle Challenger's third flight was the first to have its beginnings in darkness, as NASA's eighth space shuttle launch lit up the Florida sky at 2:32 a.m. EDT, Aug. 30, 1983. The STS-8 crew consisted of Commander Richard Truly, pilot Daniel Brandenstein, and mission specialists Dale Gardner, Guy Bluford and William Thornton. 

On Jan. 28, 1986, Challenger and its crew were lost when a booster engine failed, causing the shuttle to break apart just 73 seconds after launch.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Full Disk Image of Earth Captured August 26, 2011

NASA / NOAA GOES-13 satellite image showing earth on August 26, 2011 at 14:45 UTC (10:45 a.m. EDT). Hurricane Irene can been seen on the U.S. East Coast.

Irene Almost 1/3 the Size of East Coast. Irene has become a major hurricane, and NASA satellite data shows its diameter is now about 510 miles -- roughly 1/3 the length of the U.S. Atlantic coastline. Hurricane watches are in effect for much of the East Coast. 




 Caption: Testing Orion

Technicians position microphones around the Orion MPCV, or Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, and LAS, or Launch Abort System, test craft in preparation for the second round of testing in the acoustic chamber at Lockheed Martins facilities near Denver in late August 2011. The vehicle was bombarded by acoustic levels of 150 decibels to simulate conditions during launch and abort, if necessary. 

Image Credit: Lockheed Martin 




 Caption: Ophir Chasma

During its examination of Mars, the Viking 1 spacecraft returned images of Valles Marineris, a huge canyon system 5,000 km, or about 3,106 miles, long, whose connected chasma or valleys may have formed from a combination of erosional collapse and structural activity. This synthetic oblique view shows Ophir Chasma, the northern most one of the connected valleys of Valles Marineris. For scale, the large impact crater in lower right corner is about 18.5 miles, or 30 km, wide.

Ophir Chasma is a large west-northwest-trending trough about 62 miles, or 100 km, wide. The Chasma is bordered by high-walled cliffs, most likely faults, that show spur-and-gully morphology and smooth sections. The walls have been dissected by landslides forming reentrants. The volume of the landslide debris is more than 1,000 times greater than that from the May 18, 1980, debris avalanche from Mount St. Helens. The longitudinal grooves seen in the foreground are thought to be due to differential shear and lateral spreading at high velocities. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/USGS 




 Caption: Long Way From Home

This picture of a crescent-shaped Earth and Moon -- the first of its kind ever taken by a spacecraft -- was recorded Sept. 18, 1977, by NASA's Voyager 1 when it was 7.25 million miles (11.66 million kilometers) from Earth. 

This photo was made from three images taken through color filters, then processed at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Because the Earth is many times brighter than the moon, the moon was artificially brightened so that both bodies would show clearly in the prints.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: GRAIL Moon Mission Comes Together

NASA's twin Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) spacecraft are lowered onto the second stage of their Delta II launch vehicle at Space Launch Complex 17B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida (8/18/2011). 

Image credit: NASA/KSC 




 The misspelling was in the original title 




 Caption: Opportunity's Heat Shield

This image from 2005 shows the remains of the heat shield from NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity, broken into two key pieces, the main piece on the left side and a broken-off flank piece near the middle of the image. The heat shield impact site is identified by the circle of red dust on the right side of the picture. In this view, Opportunity is approximately 66 feet (20 meters) from the heat shield, which protected it while hurtling through the Martian atmosphere.

In the far left of the image, a meteorite called 'Heat Shield Rock' sits nearby, as the sun reflected off the silver-colored underside of the internal thermal blankets of the heat shield. The rover spent 36 sols investigating how the severe heating during entry through the atmosphere affected the heat shield. The most obvious is the fact that the heat shield inverted upon impact.

This is an approximately true-color rendering of the scene acquired around 1:22 p.m. local solar time on Opportunity sol 324 (Dec. 21, 2004) in an image mosaic using panoramic filters at wavelengths of 750, 530, and 430 nanometers. Opportunity has now spent more than 2,680 sols, or Martian days, on the Red Planet. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Cornell 




 Caption: Preparing for Testing

Standing five stories tall fully stacked, the Launch Abort System was mounted atop the Orion MPCV, or Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, last week at the Lockheed Martins facilities near Denver. Orion is being prepared for the next round of testing in an acoustic chamber. Each test will expose the Orion MPCV and its launch abort system to acoustic levels exceeding 150 decibels while instruments record the vehicles response. 

The test vehicles will provide critical data used to model the spacecraft's capabilities to perform deep space exploration missions. The vehicles will undergo testing at sound pressure levels that emulate those experienced at launch and in the event an abort is needed to carry the crew to safety away from a potential problem on the launch pad or during ascent.

Image Credit: Lockheed Martin 




 Caption: Cleveland Volcano, Aleutian Islands

At 3:00 p.m. Alaska Daylight Time on May 23, 2006, Flight Engineer Jeff Williams from International Space Station (ISS) Expedition 13 contacted the Alaska Volcano Observatory (AVO) to report that the Cleveland Volcano had produced a plume of ash. Shortly after the activity began, he took this photograph. This picture shows the ash plume moving west-southwest from the volcanos summit. A bank of fog (upper right) is a common feature around the Aleutian Islands. The event proved to be short-lived; two hours later, the plume had completely detached from the volcano. The AVO reported that the ash cloud height could have been as high as 6,000 meters (20,000 feet) above sea level.

Cleveland Volcano, situated on the western half of Chuginadak Island, is one of the most active of the volcanoes in the Aleutian Islands, which extend west-southwest from the Alaska mainland. It is a stratovolcano, composed of alternating layers of hardened lava, compacted volcanic ash, and volcanic rocks. 

Image credit: NASA  




 Caption: Opportunity's View of the Rim of Endeavour

NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity used its panoramic camera to capture this view of Endeavour Crater's rim after a drive during the rover's 2,676th Martian day, or sol, of working on Mars (Aug. 4, 2011). The drive covered 396 feet (120.7 meters) and put the rover with about that much distance to go before reaching the chosen arrival site at the rim, called 'Spirit Point.'

Endeavour Crater has been the rover team's destination for Opportunity since the rover finished exploring Victoria crater in August 2008. Endeavour, with a diameter of about 14 miles (22 kilometers), offers access to older geological deposits than any Opportunity has seen before. This view looks toward a portion of the rim south of Spirit Point, including terrain that Opportunity may explore in the future. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/ASU 




 Caption: Cosmonauts Conduct Spacewalk

Cosmonauts Sergei Volkov and Alexander Samokutyaev (out of frame), attired in Russian Orlan spacesuits, conducted a spacewalk on Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, on the Russian segment of the International Space Station. During the six-hour, 23-minute spacewalk, the Expedition 28 flight engineers moved a cargo boom from one airlock to another, installed a prototype laser communications system and deployed an amateur radio micro-satellite.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: This Is What the Moon Looks Like From Space

On Sunday, July 31, 2011, when Expedition 28 astronaut Ron Garan aboard the International Space Station looked out his window, this is what he saw: the moon. And, he saw it 16 times. Said Garan, "We had simultaneous sunsets and moonsets." For Garan and the rest of the station crew, this extraordinary event is a daily occurrence. Since the station orbits the Earth every 90 minutes, each day the crew experiences this about 16 times a day.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Close-up View of 'Snowman' Craters

A set of three craters, nicknamed "Snowman," are seen in this image of the northern hemisphere of Vesta. This image was obtained by the framing camera on NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 24, 2011 from a distance of about 3,200 miles (5,200 kilometers). 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA 




 Caption: Dark Side of Vesta

NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this image with its framing camera on July 23, 2011. It was taken from a distance of about 3,200 miles (5,200 kilometers) away from the giant asteroid Vesta. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA 




 Caption: Integration

Preparations are underway to begin integration of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle Launch Abort System (foreground) with the Crew Module (background) for acoustical testing. The tests will be conducted in the Reverberant Acoustics Laboratory at the Lockheed Martin Waterton facility near Denver, Colorado. The Orion stack will be exposed to a series of acoustic tests of increasing decibels that simulate the sound pressure levels that the vehicle will encounter during launch. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Testing NASA's Next Deep Space Vehicle

"5...4...3...2...1...release." With that countdown, the Apollo-like test article that is a base model for the agency's future Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, took flight swinging across the sky -- nearing 50 mph (80.5 kph) -- at NASA Langley's Landing and Impact Research Facility.

Image Credit: NASA/Sean Smith 




 Caption: Driving on the Moon

Apollo 15 lunar module pilot Jim Irwin loaded the lunar rover with tools and equipment in preparation for the first lunar spacewalk at the Hadley-Apennine landing site. The Lunar Module 'Falcon' appears on the left in this image. The undeployed Laser Ranging Retro-Reflector lies atop Falcon's Modular Equipment Stowage Assembly. 

Apollo 15 launched 40 years ago today on July 26, 1971, from Launch Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Gale Crater - Future Home of Mars Rover Curiosity

NASA has selected Gale crater as the landing site for the Mars Science Laboratory mission. The mission's rover will be placed on the ground in a northern portion of the crater in August 2012. This view of Gale is a mosaic of observations made in the visible-light portion of the spectrum by the Thermal Emission Imaging System camera on NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter. 

Gale crater is 96 miles (154 kilometers) in diameter and holds a layered mountain rising about 3 miles (5 kilometers) above the crater floor. The portion of the crater within the planned landing area north of the mountain has an alluvial fan likely formed by water-carried sediments. The lower layers of the nearby mountain -- within driving distance for Curiosity -- contain minerals indicating a wet history. 

The intended landing site is at 4.5 degrees south latitude, 137.4 degrees east longitude. 

The Mars Science Laboratory spacecraft is being perpared for launch during the period Nov. 25 to Dec. 18, 2011. In a prime mission lasting one Martian year -- nearly two Earth years -- after landing, researchers will use the rover's tools to study whether the landing region has had environmental conditions favorable for supporting microbial life and for preserving clues about whether life existed. 

NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Science Laboratory Project and Mars Odyssey for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Arizona State University, Tempe, operates the Thermal Emission Imaging System. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASU 




 Caption: Completing the Mission

After completing the STS-135 mission, space shuttle Atlantis is rolled over to the Orbiter Processing Facility shortly after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility. Atlantis and the STS-135 crew completed a 13-day mission to the International Space Station and the final flight of the Space Shuttle Program, early Thursday morning, July 21, 2011, in Cape Canaveral, Fla. Overall, Atlantis spent 307 days in space and traveled nearly 126 million miles during its 33 flights. Atlantis, the fourth orbiter built, launched on its first mission on Oct. 3, 1985. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: The End of an Era

Workers measured and marked in bright red the letters "MLG" at the spot where space shuttle Atlantis' main landing gear came to rest after the vehicle's final return from space. Securing the space shuttle fleet's place in history on the STS-135 mission, Atlantis safely and successfully rounded out NASA's Space Shuttle Program on the Shuttle Landing Facility's Runway 15 at Kennedy Space Center in Florida.

Main gear touchdown was at 5:57:00 a.m. EDT, followed by nose gear touchdown at 5:57:20 a.m., and wheelstop at 5:57:54 a.m. On the 37th shuttle mission to the International Space Station, STS-135 delivered more than 9,400 pounds of spare parts, equipment and supplies in the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module that will sustain station operations for the next year. STS-135 was the 33rd and final flight for Atlantis, which has spent 307 days in space, orbited Earth 4,848 times and traveled 125,935,769 miles. 

Image Credit: NASA/Kyle Herring 




 caption: Asteroid Vesta

NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this image with its framing camera on July 18, 2011. It was taken from a distance of about 6,500 miles (10,500 kilometers) away from the protoplanet Vesta. The smallest detail visible is about 1.2 miles (2.0 km). 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA 




 caption: Station Crew Views Shuttle Landing

This unprecedented view of the space shuttle Atlantis, appearing like a bean sprout against clouds and city lights, on its way home, was photographed by the Expedition 28 crew of the International Space Station. Airglow over Earth can be seen in the background. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Atlantis and ISS Separate for the Final Time

This picture of space shuttle Atlantis was photographed from the International Space Station as the orbiting complex and the shuttle performed their relative separation in the early hours of July 19, 2011.

The Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module, which transported tons of supplies to the complex, can be seen in the cargo bay. It is filled with different materials from the station for return to Earth. 

Onboard the station were Russian cosmonauts Andrey Borisenko, commander; Sergei Volkov and Alexander Samokutyaev, both flight engineers; Japan Aerospace Exploration astronaut Satoshi Furukawa, and NASA astronauts Mike Fossum and Ron Garan, all flight engineers.

Onboard the shuttle were STS-135 Commander Chris Ferguson, Pilot Doug Hurley, and Mission Specialists Sandy Magnus and Rex Walheim.

Photo credit: NASA
July 19, 2011 




 Caption: Last View

This image of the International Space Station was taken by Atlantis' STS-135 crew during a fly around as the shuttle departed the station on Tuesday, July 19, 2011. STS-135 is the final shuttle mission to the orbital laboratory.

Image Credit: NASA 




 caption: Last View

This image of the International Space Station was taken by Atlantis' STS-135 crew during a fly around as the shuttle departed the station on Tuesday, July 19, 2011. STS-135 is the final shuttle mission to the orbital laboratory.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Friendship 7

Today, July 18, 2011, is John Glenn's 90th birthday. 

On Feb. 20, 1962 at 9:47 am EST, Glenn launched from Cape Canaveral's Launch Complex 14 to become the first American to orbit the Earth. In this image, Glenn enters his Friendship 7 capsule with assistance from technicians to begin his historic flight. 

Before joining NASA, Glenn already had a distinguished career as a pilot, receiving the Distinguished Flying Cross, Navy Unit Commendation for service in Korea, the World War II Victory Medal, the Navy's Astronaut Wings, the NASA Distinguished Service Medal, among others.

Glenn rejoined NASA in 1998 as a member of the STS-95 Discovery crew. This 9-day mission, from Oct. 29-Nov. 7, supported a variety of research payloads including deployment of the Hubble Space Telescope Orbital Systems Test Platform and investigations on space flight and the aging process. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Aurora Australis From Space

This image is of Atlantis and its Orbital Boom Sensor System robot arm extension backdropped against Earth's horizon and a greenish phenomenon associated with Aurora Australis. One of the station's solar array panels appears at upper left. Because of the exposure time needed for this type of photography, some of the stars in the background are blurred.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: International Partnerships

In this view of the International Space Station's Cupola, a variety of modules and components of the station showcase the contributions of the many nations making up some of the international partnerships behind the space station. On the left is the Cupola, backdropped against black space, and on the right are various components of the orbiting outpost, including Node 3 or Tranquility (on which the Cupola is mounted) and the Leonardo Permanent Multipurpose Module. In the background is a Progress resupply spacecraft. This image was taken during the spacewalk conducted on July 12, 2011.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: 'Hanging' Out in Space

With his feet secured on a restraint on the space station remote manipulator system's robotic arm or Canadarm2, NASA astronaut Ron Garan, Expedition 28 flight engineer, carries the pump module, which was the focus of one of the primary chores accomplished on a six and a half hour spacewalk. 

NASA astronaut Mike Fossum, also a station flight engineer, who shared the spacewalk with Garan, is out of frame.  




 Caption: The Shuttle Era's Final Spacewalk

Spacewalker Mike Fossum rides on the International Space Station's robotic arm as he carries the Robotic Refueling Mission experiment. This the final scheduled spacewalk during a shuttle mission.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Through the Astronaut's Eyes

Astronaut Ron Garan took this image during the spacewalk conducted on Tues., July 12, 2011. It shows the International Space Station with Space Shuttle Atlantis docked on the right and a Russian Soyuz on the far left. In the foreground is the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) experiment installed during the STS-134 mission. AMS is a state-of-the-art particle physics detector designed to use the unique environment of space to advance knowledge of the universe and lead to the understanding of the universe's origin by searching for antimatter and dark matter, and measuring cosmic rays.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Southern Lights on Display

One of the STS-135 Atlantis crew members took this photo of the Southern Lights or Aurora Australis while visiting the International Space Station.

Part of the orbiter boom sensor system is seen, as it was attached on the end of the shuttle's robotic arm (out of frame). A part of the port side wing of the shuttle is at right.

Photo credit: NASA
July 14, 2011 




 Caption: An Amazing View

This panoramic view was photographed from the International Space Station toward Earth, looking past space shuttle Atlantis' docked cargo bay and part of the station, including a solar array panel. 

The photo was taken as the joint complex passed over the southern hemisphere. Aurora Australis or the Southern Lights can be seen on Earth's horizon and a number of stars also are visible. 

Photo credit: NASA
July 14, 2011 




 I'm jealous.  I entered the lottery for tickets for the last few launches but was never selected. 




 Caption: Flight Day 3

This is one of a series of images showing various parts of space shuttle Atlantis in Earth orbit as photographed by one three crew members -- half the station crew -- who were equipped with still cameras on the International Space Station as the shuttle "posed" for photos and visual surveys and performed a back-flip for the rendezvous pitch maneuver. 

Seen at the rear of the cargo bay is the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module, packed with supplies and spare parts for the orbiting outpost. 
Photo credit: NASA
July 10, 2011 




 Caption: Flight Day 3

Space shuttle Atlantis is seen over the Bahamas prior to a perfect docking with the International Space Station at 10:07 a.m. (CDT). 

Part of a Russian Progress spacecraft which is docked to the station is in the foreground. 

Photo credit: NASA
July 10, 2011 




 Caption: From the Inside Out

This image of Atlantis' payload bay, focusing on the docking mechanism, was photographed by the STS-135 crew from inside the crew cabin. The orbiter boom sensor system and a portion of the remote manipulator system's robot arm are visible in the frame, exposed during a busy third day in space for the astronauts. The photo was made shortly before the shuttle docked with the International Space Station. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: A Different Perspective

This is one of a series of images taken by the station crew of space shuttle Atlantis in Earth orbit. Seen at the rear of the cargo bay is the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module, packed with supplies and spare parts for the orbiting outpost. The shuttle 'posed' for photographs and visual surveys and performed a back-flip for the rendezvous pitch maneuver. A 400 millimeter lens was used to capture this particular series of images.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Close Up

Parts of Atlantis' main engines are visible in this image, which is one of a series of images taken during the back flip or rendezvous pitch maneuver (RPM). Atlantis 'posed' for this and other photographs and visual surveys on approach to the International Space Station. The station crew used an 800 millimeter lens to capture this particular series of images. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Photograph by Diane Jones 




 He swerved to miss a tree, but should have hit the brakes. 




 Caption: The View

NASA managers look on from Firing Room Four of the Launch Control Center as space shuttle Atlantis lifts off from Launch Pad 39A on Friday, July 8, 2011, in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The launch of Atlantis is the final flight of the Space Shuttle Program.

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: STA Captures Atlantis Launch

Space shuttle Atlantis is seen through the window of a Shuttle Training Aircraft (STA) as it lifts off at 11:29 a.m. EDT from Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.

Atlantis launched on the STS-135 mission and final flight of the Shuttle Program on a 12-day mission to the International Space Station. 

Photo Credit: NASA/Dick Clark
July 8, 2011 




 Caption: Reflections

This image of space shuttle Atlantis was taken shortly after the rotating service structure was rolled back at Launch Pad 39A, Thursday, July 7, 2011. Atlantis is set to liftoff today, Friday, July 8, on the final flight of the Space Shuttle Program. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: RSS Rollback Reveals Atlantis

Space shuttle Atlantis is revealed on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida following the move of the rotating service structure (RSS).

The structure provides weather protection and access to the shuttle while it awaits liftoff on the pad. 

RSS "rollback" marks a major milestone in Atlantis' STS-135 mission countdown.

Photo credit: NASA/Troy Cryder
July 7, 2011 




 Caption: RSS Rollback on Pad 39A

Space shuttle Atlantis is revealed on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida following the move of the rotating service structure (RSS). 

The structure provides weather protection and access to the shuttle while it awaits liftoff on the pad. 

RSS "rollback" marks a major milestone in Atlantis' STS-135 mission countdown.

Photo credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls
July 7, 2011 




 caption: Silhouette

Space shuttle Atlantis is silhouetted on the Vehicle Assembly Building as it begins its journey from High Bay 3 in the Vehicle Assembly Building to Launch Pad 39Aa for its final flight, Tuesday evening, May 31, 2011, at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The 3.4-mile trek, known as rollout, took about seven hours to complete. Atlantis will carry the Raffaello multipurpose logistics module to deliver supplies to the International Space Station. The launch of space shuttle Atlantis on the STS-135 mission is targeted for July 8.

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: The Osprey Has Landed

At NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, an adult osprey guards its young in a nest built on a platform in the Press Site parking lot. In the background is the 12,300-square-foot NASA logo painted on the side of the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB). The VAB and Press Site are located at the Turn Basin in Launch Complex 39, making it an ideal osprey nesting place. The Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge overlaps with Kennedy Space Center property and provides a habitat for many types of wildlife, including the osprey, and 330 species of birds. For information on the refuge, visit http://www.fws.gov/merrittisland/Index.

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller 




 caption:  
Payload Bay Doors Closing

At Launch Pad 39A, work is under way to close space shuttle Atlantis' payload bay doors around the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module payload for Atlantis' STS-135 and final mission.

Photo credit: NASA/Frank Michaux 




 Photo credit: NASA/Kim Shiflett  




 Cruel and unusual? 




 Caption: Rhea's Return

Rhea emerges ... After being occulted by the larger moon Titan.

Occultation is a celestial event in which a larger body covers up a distant object. Observations such as this one, in which one moon passes close to or in front of another, help scientists refine their understanding of the orbits of Saturn's moons. Titan is about 621,000 miles (1 million kilometers) from Cassini in this image. Rhea is about 1.4 million miles (2.3 million kilometers) from Cassini.

The image was taken in visible light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Oct. 27, 2009. Image scale is 4 miles (6 kilometers) per pixel on Titan and 9 miles (14 kilometers) per pixel on Rhea.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption:

Sunrise on the Moon

On June 10, 2011, NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter angled its orbit 65 to the west, allowing the spacecraft's cameras to capture a dramatic sunrise view of the moon's Tycho crater.

A very popular target with amateur astronomers, Tycho is located at 43.37S, 348.68E, and is about 51 miles (82 km) in diameter. The summit of the central peak is 1.24 miles (2 km) above the crater floor. The distance from Tycho's floor to its rim is about 2.92 miles (4.7 km).

Tycho crater's central peak complex, shown here, is about 9.3 miles (15 km) wide, left to right (southeast to northwest in this view).

Image Credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center/Arizona State University 




 Caption:

Walkway to Space

The doors to the White Room, which provide entry to space shuttle Atlantis' crew compartment, is seen here at the end of the access arm walkway on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.

Image Credit: NASA/Jim Grossmann 




 caption:

Training for Expedition 28
Attired in a training version of his Extravehicular Mobility Unit spacesuit, NASA astronaut Mike Fossum participated in spacewalk training in the waters of the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory near NASA's Johnson Space Center. Divers in the water assisted Fossum in his rehearsal, which helps prepare him and his fellow astronauts for work on the exterior of the International Space Station. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption:

Seaside Sunrise
The sun rises over the Atlantic Ocean silhouetting space shuttle Atlantis' external fuel tank and solid rocket boosters on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the image taken on June 23, 2011.

Image Credit: NASA/Jim Grossmann 




 Caption:

A 'real-time data translator' machine converted a Mariner 4 digital image data into numbers printed on strips of paper. Too anxious to wait for the official processed image, employees from the Voyager Telecommunications Section at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, attached these strips side by side to a display panel and hand colored the numbers like a paint-by-numbers picture. The completed image was framed and presented to JPL director, William H. Pickering. Mariner 4 was launched on November 28, 1964 and journeyed for 228 days to the Red Planet, providing the first close-range images of Mars.

The spacecraft carried a television camera and six other science instruments to study the Martian atmosphere and surface. The 22 photographs taken by Mariner revealed the existence of lunar type craters upon a desert-like surface. After completing its mission, Mariner 4 continued past Mars to the far side of the Sun. On Dec. 20, 1967, all operations of the spacecraft were ended. 




 icle 




 Caption:

Mars Science Laboratory Arrival in Florida

Curiosity, the Mars Science Laboratory mission's rover, along with the mission's descent stage, arrived at NASA's Kennedy Space Center, Fla., on June 22, 2011, aboard a U.S. Air Force C-17 transport plane. Here, personnel unload the crated rover from the plane. Crews removed the crated spacecraft components from the C-17 and drove them to the Kennedy Space Center clean room where the spacecraft is being prepared for launch in November. 

The C-17 flight began at March Air Reserve Base in Riverside, Calif., where the crated hardware had been trucked from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. The Mars Science Laboratory aeroshell and cruise stage arrived at Kennedy last month. 

The spacecraft will launch during the period Nov. 25 to Dec. 18, 2011, for a landing on Mars in August 2012. During a prime mission lasting one Martian year -- nearly two Earth years -- researchers will use the rover's tools to study whether the landing region has had environmental conditions favorable for supporting microbial life and for preserving clues about whether life existed. 

JPL built the rover, descent stage and cruise stage and manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Launch management for the mission is the responsibility of NASA's Launch Services Program at Kennedy. The California Institute of Technology in Pasadena manages JPL for NASA. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Credit: Chris Kotsiopoulos - Canon EOS 550D, 15/6/2011 23:05 (UT +3), Shutter Speed 28 sec, Aperture Value 4.0, ISO 400, Lens Canon EF15mm f/2.8 Fisheye, Focal Length 15.0 mm

EDIT: caption - After months of anticipation and exhausting preparations and planning for taking photos of the total lunar eclipse, everything went wrong due to a severe thunderstorm during the phenomenon. Everything? Well...fortunatelly no, because for approximately 10 minutes in the middle of totality, a small window in the sky allowed me to see the Moon in the Earth's shadow and shoot this unbelievable photo. The shot was taken from Ikaria island at Pezi, an area known as "the planet of the goats", because of the rough terrain with the strange looking rocks. 




 At least she's consistent... 




 Caption: Astronauts John Young and Gus Grissom are pictured during water egress training in a large indoor pool at Ellington Air Force Base, Texas, in this image from 1965. Young is seated on top of the Gemini capsule while Grissom is in the water with a life raft. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: "Taken during mobility testing on June 3, 2011, this image is of the Mars Science Laboratory rover, Curiosity, inside the Spacecraft Assembly Facility at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.

Preparations continue for shipping the rover to NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida in June and for its fall 2011 launch." 




 Don't order the lemon gelato. 




 I'm still waiting for him to make good on his offer to be waterboarded for charity.  




 Unordered Fracturing Olive? 




 CNN is still trying to outfox Fox. 




 Fuck the rule of law.  He's guilty because the media says he is. Right? 




 lol, nice argument. Are you a lawyer? 




 Manning was tried in the media, not in any U.S. court. 




 yes 




 Maybe you should work at work. 




 Fox News isn't gonna ignore her, she's on their payroll.  I would love to ignore her, but that won't make her go away.  Ignoring her now will make opposing her in 2012 that much harder. 




 Ignore her and she'll go away right? 




 yumz 




 Also, she used her notes throughout the whole word salad speech -- including immediately after she made the teleprompter jab. Also youbetcha and such. 




 So you are changing your original comment from "Islam is not a race." to "wikipedia doesn't say the film is racist, so it isn't." 




 So it's not possible for the DVD to be both racist and anti-Islam? 




 RIP 




 *brap* 




 Caption:
This astronaut photograph shows the Calabria region of southern Italy--the toe of Italy's "boot"--outlined by the Ionian and Tyrrhenian Seas to the southeast and northwest, respectively. The water appears almost mirror-like due to sunglint. This phenomenon is caused by sunlight reflecting off the water surface directly back towards the observer aboard the International Space Station (ISS). The ISS was located over northwestern Romania, to the northeast of Calabria, when this image was taken.

The Calabrian Peninsula appears shortened and distorted due to the extreme sideways viewing angle from the ISS. Such a perspective is termed oblique, as opposed to a nadir view, in which the astronaut is looking directly downwards towards the Earth's surface from the ISS. This highly oblique view also highlights two distinct cloud patterns over the Calabrian interior. Patchy, highly textured cumulus clouds are present at lower altitudes, while grey altostratus clouds are stretched out by prevailing winds at higher altitudes. The Strait of Messina, just visible at image upper right, marks the boundary between the coastline of Italy and the island of Sicily.

Image Credit: NASA 




 GM is good at that. 




 Fucking leeches  




 Caption:
As interest in Earth's changing climate heats up, a tiny dark particle is stepping into the limelight: black carbon. Commonly known as soot, black carbon enters the air when fossil fuels and biofuels, such as coal, wood, and diesel are burned. Black carbon is found worldwide, but its presence and impact are particularly strong in Asia.

Black carbon, a short-lived particle, is in perpetual motion across the globe. The Tibetan Plateau's high levels of black carbon likely impact the region's temperature, clouds and monsoon season. 




 Caption:
NASAs Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, or WISE, launched aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta II rocket at 9:09 a.m. EST from Space Launch Complex-2 at Vandenberg Air Force Base. WISE will scan the entire sky in infrared light, picking up the glow of hundreds of millions of objects and producing millions of images. 

Image Credit: Bill Hartenstein/United Launch Alliance  




 caption:  This view from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is of the Proctor Crater. The relatively bright, small ridges are ripples. From their study on Earth, and close-up examination by the MER rovers (roving elsewhere on Mars), scientists surmise that the ripples are composed of fine sand (less than 200 microns in diameter) or fine sand coated with coarser sand and granules.

The larger, darker bedforms are dunes composed of sand, most likely of fine size. Ripples tend to move slower than dunes. Because of this, over time, ripples get covered with dust, possibly explaining the bright tone visible here. The dunes are dark probably because they are composed of basaltic sand (derived from dark, volcanic rock) that is blown by the wind enough that dust does not sufficiently accumulate to change their color.

This area in Proctor Crater is being monitored by HiRISE to document any changes over time.

This image is a portion of the HiRISE observation taken on Feb. 9, 2009. 




 Why don't these people just go away? 




 Voinovich.  

"Voinovich says he sees no reason to approve procedural matters that will start moving the Senate bill forward if the bill itself is flawed. Why waste time on preliminary debates -- starting with a first vote by this weekend to cut off debate on a motion to proceed, followed by 30 hours of debate on the motion to proceed itself, all before an eventual vote on the actual bill -- when there is other unfinished business to deal with, including spending bills that are months behind schedule?"

http://www.cleveland.com/open/index.ssf/2009/11/sen_george_voinovich_why_waste.html 




 http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/34072267/ns/technology_and_science-science/ 




 Hey CBS, break.com took your video 
























