 Nice bike! 




 I was never a big fan of Opinels but I gotta say, that is beautiful.  




 If you dont mind me asking, what's with the knives on the bottom row 2, 3 and 4 from the left? 




 I just bought my first Spyderco tenacious about 6 months ago.  They make good stuff. 




 How big is that blade? I love the knife but seems a little to big for every day carry. 




 Its tough but I love the challenge.  




 Down vote this.  I figured it out, I am playing on hardened and I realize I have to press square. 




 I downloaded the game and played though a part of the prolonge and when I get the the alleyway with tommy he glitches out and won't continue forward.  I can't continue on because the infected guy at the end keeps on killing me. 




 That lady was right, that homeless man was beaten up by a group of thugs. 




 Gratuitous.  




 I always preferred Pepsi.  




 Watch the movie "under the skin".  You're welcome. 




 Why orange and green?  




 Spyderco tenacious.  3.125 inch blade, has a good weight to it feels sturdy and well made just all around a good knife. 




 3rd base line, section 126, row 3. 




 Its like an abusive relationship.  They keep on getting socked in the face but always end up crawling back.  




 I have the same Oliver Winchester knife!!! I have never seen anyone else that has it.  Solid knife.  




 No, the clip cannot be adjusted.  




 Its a great knife.  Feels well made and has a good blade on it. 




 I feel for ya.   




 The Nobleman, I picked it up in a cutlery store for 25 bucks. 









 The scene in Hardball where G-baby got shot and they showed his little coffin.  I lost it that that scene.  




 I have that knife, its a good blade.   




 Win the player-haters ball. 




 I have an '82 cb900c.  When I bought it everything worked great.  The only problems I have is that the engine doesn't re-fill the battery and I had to change the tires as well as break pads.   




 I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker say whore one more God damn time! 




 This is a good sign.  When the arguement is this extreme you can bet that they're scrambling for a reason to continue on.   




 I read a short story once where one of the characters was named "fat boy", it was free so I let it slide.   




 Is this an Xbone exclusive?  




 Do you know why aspirin are white?
Because they work. 




 that phrase takes on a whole new meaning when it comes to Hannibal.   




 Does anyone know what she said? 




 Hannibal.  The entire first season they are winding Will Graham up to become a monster.  




 That guy has a great pair of tits. 




 pass on the right = death. 




 Just assume every time you go out riding the other drivers are blind, deaf and dumb. 




 Or you can just download them online for free. 









 Truly fantastic!  There were times I stayed up until 3 or 4 in the morning reading that series, really hard to put down those books at times.  
























 Ya I have read all her books.  I liked Dark Places the most but ya you're right.  She writes some brutal stories.   




 Sharp objects by Gillian Flynn  




 You should check out Gurren lagann.   




 Freedom. 




 I'm throwing my money at the computer but nothing is happening. 




 Kill la kill. 




 I finished madoka magica but I'll check those out! 




 I was the same way man.  Check out kill la kill, first 2 or 3 episodes will seem a bit silly and girly but it quickly rakes a real dark turn. 




 Thank you!  




 I read all of the light novel translations that can be found in the sidebar.  My question is; is there a difference between those translations and the official ones? And how is that different from the progressive? 




 I actually wouldn't mind spending time with the avatar.  As long as I am an earthbender then I'm fine.  




 What is the middle one on the bottom row? 




 Congratulations, that Is officially my new wallpaper for my phone.  That is really good! 




 The struggle is real man. 









 Well tell them to hurry their ass up then.  I need to get my fix. 




 Does anyone know when vol.15 will be translated? 




 That's a good album.   









 R.K. Flame has some pretty cool knives. 




 I think Half-life has one of the best story lines in the business.   




 Who is your favorite fictional villain? 




 I can honestly say on the last episode I will loose my shit. 




 That bike looks like a death trap...and I absolutely love it! 




 The deepest circle in hell is reserved for people who knock over motorcycles just because they can.  




 I would have liked her more in dexter if every other word out of her mouth WASN'T a swear. 




 I love my 82' cb900, it is truly a great bike! 




 *just curious. 




 I agree with you, I was  




 Do you know when 15 is gonna be out? 




 I started reading them about a week ago...I'm already in volume 10.  Read them you won't regret it. 




 Wow. 




 I can understand that.   




 I never saw the appeal for knives like that.  Unless you're Sam Fisher or something they really aren't that practical.   




 How can you mend this broken heart - Al Green. 




 What is the third one from the bottom? 




 Michael is a Demigod.  




 Im re-playing Far Cry 3. 




 That made me laugh...now im sad. 





























 I loved this book.  It was a little dry when it came to the science portions but overall extremely humorous and exciting.   




 Think of George Clooney but not as attractive. 




 Ya was the book kinda shallow? Yes.  Did it have flavor and some flair? Yes.  If he keeps that cycle going then hell I'd buy the sequel. 




 Ending to the devil is a part timer.
 




 Russia isn't a country, it's a corporation.   




 I think they started out the show with that episode to plant the idea of a giant transmutation circle. 




 I think the opening to log horizon is pretty awesome as well as the ending to kill la kill. 




 What are you looking at smooth-skin? 




 I am reading it right now and I know exactly how you feel! 




 You should try tea, I don't like drinking coffee either. 




 The orange box.  




 What kinda phone do you have?  




 She wasn't going to even if you didn't forget the tip.  




 I absolutely love the song caravan. 




 Whooooooooo AMERICA!!!! 




 She was great in the west wing.  




 It looks like it has been sitting underwater for the last 10 years.  I like it, it's different.   




 Three of those knives cost over 200 bucks.  I wouldn't call that humble.   




 He was also in an episode of The West Wing.  




 The west wing. 




 Because we walked out of the cave.   




 Iroh- the last airbender 




 I love anime.  My friends think I'm weird but nothing else comes close in story telling for me. 




 Congratulations.  You corrected a figure of speech.  Douchebag.   




 I love that show. 




 It would only be for non-violent offenders. 




 Haven't you ever read a book that changed your life? 




 Why not? 




 Obviously there would be some conditions on what books qualify but the logic is sound.  The more you read, the sooner you can leave. 




 Then have the democratic congressmen stand with him and just leave the Republicans at the altar.   




 For every book they read and submit a book report they should get X amount of time shaved off of their time.   




 He should just do the state of the union on the steps of capital hill.  Speaking directly to the people not some asshole congressmen.   




 Skyrim. 




 I love that small one! 




 I don't know if ya'll would consider it anime but the credit music for the legend of korra always gets me a little raw. 




 I couldn't stand Rossiu from TTGL.  I thought he was a douche-bag.   




 Gta V,
Sleeping dogs,
The last of us. 




 Where can I place an order for the larger one? 




 2014 




 Gone girl was FANTASTIC! you're gonna like it. 
























