 It could also be your own song you recorded so lets hear it. 




 One dude brought us out on the deck and sparked a joint, the other dude bought us a round and I bought some appetizers. It was one of those fucking great afternoons where everything seems great. Ya hear that? Shit is okay today! and I didnt black out during it. Now, from here on in at my own place is a different story. 




 If you can please tell me how it helped. What was the change? 









 What could have it been?

EDIT: or Providence 




 These things are really starting to come in.  




 I have seen many shooting stars but this thing was freaking close.  















































































 For example: Do you have arachnophobia and been stuck in a spider web with spiders all around? You hate wasps? Ever stepped on a nest? How did your body react? Did you freeze, pass out etc...? Can we please hear your stories...if you are able to recount them without too much pain to yourself? 
























 Any fans in ct?  




















































































 I am in the Chester area. I am willing to drive some distance.  



























































 My mother has been in the hospital since thursday. Her aortic valve has to be replaced. She is getting older and not able to work as much. I help out as much as I can but I was told of a state program that can help with this. Does anyone know of this? I have searched but the state websites are like greek to me. Any help is greatly appreciated. 










































































 No, seriously. 





























 Personally, I get to create and produce any kind of meal I want for breakfast and lunch. Tell me your perks and what you do. 




















































































 Such great words. 




 I'm not sure what can be done to help but please let us know. 




 If we can somehow wipe this fucker out that would be great. This means no publicity via photo or any speculation on reasons. If you are on twitter please chime in with #avowtothepress Lets make sure the press can see this. 





























 Show your face! 





































































 I have found that it works fine. It singles out the action at hand and I don't have to see the persons couch or car lights. Are you all pissed just because? 




 Over this past weekend I uploaded a [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ4J-c1We-s) of my friends' dog dancing to The Miami Sound Machine. First as a [comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/13ndm0/my_dog_has_a_meltdown_when_i_give_her_a_beggin/c75jfpa) and then as it's own [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/13nlmy/my_friends_dog_decided_to_dance_today_for_some/). I posted it at night and woke up to it playing on The Today Show. My friend told me that after looking through the statistics it had most definitely gotten it's original traffic through reddit.


* Do you get paid to sift through sites or is it an added on job to what you already do?

* Do the hosts understand Reddit?

* Are you an active member or just a lurker?

* Can you get me a job doing this? I know how to spend too much time on Reddit.

* Can you get one of the hosts to wear a reddit alien on the air?

 



















 At 7:17 pm 



















 How long have you been trying to get on? Do you answer the phone with such swag? Are you and Ken Jennings going to get a hot dog sometime? Is Sean Connery an Idol of yours? How excited is your family about this? 









 Super duper  





























 Houses, theaters, department stores etc? I'm headed out today doing a blind search but would love some tips. 
























 It will only auto search for legalized marriage. Try it out.  



















 [sub for photos of Sandy in CT](http://www.reddit.com/r/ConnecticutSandy/) Also, be sure to post videos as well. 


































 Please share where you are located as well. 









 I need to dispose of the pile of leaves that have been left behind. 





























 I'm in deep river. 




 He has a guitar and its missing a string. 


































 I swear. 









 Try out [radio paradise](http://www.radioparadise.com/rp_2.php#) I started using it awhile back and have stopped all of the spotify and pandora nonsense. Those sites are great if you are specifically looking for a style but RP can be all over the place and real quality. Check it out you wont be disappointed.  




 I topped it off with a small glass of whole milk. 









 I kill the shit out of whole milk, arizona iced tea or a cold ass can of coca cola.  




 I'm also looking for someone to be my summer secret santa replacement because the person failed to get me back. Oh, and it's my reddit cakeday. 









 My vote is for blues rock. For fucks sake with the duduh duduh duduh dududuh duh...for fucking ever with some outrageous sole ever 45 seconds. 



















 or do you just always side with your dude(ette)? 









 I am heading out tomorrow at about noon in the Haddam area. Care to join? I set up a [subreddit for ct yakers](http://www.reddit.com/r/connecticutkayakers/) 




 I will be dropping in at about noon w/ lots of beer and a pig mask. 














 What are the best little gadgets? 




 Let's see it. 









 You want a video of someone saying something to someoen else? You want a video of someone singing your thoughts to someone else? You want me to say something to you? Give it a shot, shit. Special requests can be granted. I have a pig mask, horse mask and a guitar so use them as you wish. The past three I did were a blast. Thanks guys. 














 (I am posting this earlier today of this third week so you fucksfacers can have some time to get some kick ass shit in. I am just getting home and only 3 in but I am keeping original posts to make it easy. I have a 12 pack and 3 tall boys to go through so its on for the next 5 hours or so.) You want a video of someone saying something to someoen else? You want a video of someone singing your thoughts to someone else? Give it a shot, shit. Special requests can be granted. I have a pig mask, horse mask and a guitar so use them as you wish. The past two I did were a blast. Thanks guys. 




 From what I remember I came across this site through liveleak a couple years ago. I was invlolved in the yoursay section and I think someone threw me this way. 









 I love this sub. I am 11 in and still have about two hours to pull this offf if you know what I mean. You want a video of someone saying something to someoen else? You want a video of someone singing your thoughts to someone else? Give it a shot, shit. Okay guyys drunbk now. I cant manage more videos. Next week. :) PS. You fuckers are cool as shit.
Edit:1. Done for tonight. I will be back in the next week. Get your things and stuff ready to say. :) barf. 














 I love this sub. I am 13 in and still have about an hour to pull this offf if you know what I mean. You want a video of someone saying something to someoen else? You want a video of someone singing your thoughts to someone else? Give it a shot, shit. 












































 Of course this isn't across the board but it seems in English speaking groups and some closely related it is impossible to notice. 




 That was one of my worst fears before hand. I didn't have a drink the first 2 days. Since then over 2 weeks I have tied one on about 5 times. That means about 12-18 beers each night. I still haven't given in which blows my mind. I thought it was impossible. I honestly think I am just finally fucking done with these things. It feels great.

How has it been for you?

 









 Thanks for reading. I know this isn't mind blowing or some great story but I am glad this sub exists so I am able to get it off my chest to some people who it means something to. 
























 side note. What is myspace now? A wall of instructions? 




 The only side effect I have come across so far is being a bit spaced out and super super vivid dreams. No nightmares just super realistic mundane everyday shit with all of the people I know and in all the places I know them. Every night since my first day of being a non-smoker I have smoked in my dreams. Yet, in my dream I knew it was wrong and it was not good. I have woken up each morning thinking I had cheated. 

So far chantix has helped me deal with what I could not. Cravings. Now it's all mental. I have an argument with myself about 20 times daily. It's usually me trying to convince myself to just have one after a trigger. Not happening. I am able to get past that withing 5 minutes. I started carrying around those [plastic floss sticks](http://img.dxcdn.com/productimages/sku_47578_2.jpg). They are a great way to get the oral fixation out of the way and keep my teeth clean.

I have smoked since I was 14. I am just about to turn 35. The past ten years I was up to a 1.5-2.5 a day depending on circumstances. I feels so strong that I am on day 4 and am actually proud of myself for once in many many years. 

Thank you for reading my quick rant. 









 Oh, and no variations on any others.  









 The main thing I am anxious about is what it's like to have that last cigarette on Tuesday night.  










































































 Alfonso on blow is not somebody I would want to run into.  



















 I sure hope that I can. 














 I even tried taking them with two different cameras. I also tried uploading separate older pics on my laptop and they work but these wont. Anyone else experience this? 


































 Anything goes...except child support and menthol cigarettes.

Creative is always good, but not needed. You got a phone bill or car insurance bill that is behind? Maybe you want to see a concert/show and can't swing it right now (thanks josh) let me know. 

Don't be ashamed to ask for help, okay?

Edit: One electric bill shut off notice and one swedish drinker taken care of. Cheers guys. I love all of you fucking booze faces. 






























































































 [This is the original configuration of my xps1640 when it sent](http://www.dell.com/support/troubleshooting/us/en/19/servicetag/CX3CYK1)

and

[this is what they want to send me](http://www.dell.com/us/p/inspiron-15r-5521/pd? ~ck=mn)

I see that the specs seem to be pretty much okay but I am worried about build quality. I really like the way my xps has a flat screen as opposed to one of those edged screens. 

Thank you for any assistance. 









 I know everything in this world serves a purpose...but come on. Ticks too. 




 Can you give me any spots I should check out?  




 Can you give me any spots to check out? I have nothing but time and don't mind a good drive. Thank you.  

















































 Such as, "Hey, can you go grab the water strainer" or "I need you to finely dice this pound of flour" or "go get the bacon stretcher"

Lets hear your best. 














 Have you been utilizing it or did you hide it and have since forgotten about it?  




 I own a pompano 120 if that helps. 




 I am yet to join an event only because they seem so rigid. 
































































 They cost more to make than they are worth, right?  



















 Lets all try and figure it out. 





























 Looking for a few people to join. I am the Chester area. 

 


































 Yesterday I finally caught a large mouth while out on my kayak. I ran into a guy on his bass boat and we got to talking. I was dragging a worm across the bottom by the weeds and my freaking pole went nuts. 

When I finally got him about 10 feet from my kayak he took my pole about a foot into the water. The guy who is an avid bass fisherman was actually amped/ "Holy shit dude that a biggy"

This fish finally came up and jumped over the tip of my kayak. Coolest looking thing. It was such a rush. 

Sadly I was not able to get a picture and as I was pulling it up next to me it got loose. :( The dude on the boat said it was probably a 6-7 pounder.

I know to most of you this is old news in a bucket but for me it was like christmas morning. 

Anyway I just wanted to tell my tale of it. 




 It's some new show on NBC and I figured you guys would like to know. Now, drink your piss. 




 Anyone down for a quick trip tomorrow at around 6pm at Seldens? 














 I wont mention any bands myself as to not make this a circle jerk of taste in music. Have you ever dealt with this? Do you constantly deal with this?  




 Well, I plugged the sucker in and windows couldn't find the driver. I am using a windows 7 64 bit laptop. So, I went and found the driver(s). The first one installed just fine but the second one (legacy software download) didnt. It said a a time out error. Anyway I go and download audacity because I have fiddled with it over the years and know it is a really stripped down program that some buddies of mine would use when we would write songs. Now I am able to choose the audiobox from the output/speaker menu in Audacity but it is nowhere in the input/mic menu. Does this make any sense to any of you? I am sorry for putting this in the regular askreddit sub but if any of you know a really specific sub for this please let me know and I will move it over there. I am just dying to get some of these songs down on (tape?) 




 Well, I plugged the sucker in and windows couldn't find the driver. I am using a windows 7 64 bit laptop. So, I went and found the driver(s). The first one installed just fine but the second one (legacy software download) didnt. It said a a time out error. Anyway I go and download audacity because I have fiddled with it over the years and know it is a really stripped down program that some buddies of mine would use when we would write songs.
Now I am able to choose the audiobox from the output/speaker menu in Audacity but it is nowhere in the input/mic menu. Does this make any sense to any of you?
I am sorry for putting this in the regular askreddit sub but if any of you know a really specific sub for this please let me know and I will move it over there. I am just dying to get some of these songs down on (tape?) 









 Well, I plugged the sucker in and windows couldn't find the driver. I am using a windows 7 64 bit laptop. So, I went and found the driver(s). The first one installed just fine but the second one (legacy software download) didnt. It said a a time out error. Anyway I go and download audacity because I have fiddled with it over the years and know it is a really stripped down program that some buddies of mine would use when we would write songs.

Now I am able to choose the audiobox from the output/speaker menu in Audacity but it is nowhere in the input/mic menu. Does this make any sense to any of you? 

I am sorry for putting this in the regular askreddit sub but if any of you know a really specific sub for this please let me know and I will move it over there. I am just dying to get some of these songs down on (tape?) 














 I will be bringing my kayak and fishing gear for the lake t the campground. Any tips etc? Am I able to get a fishing pass/license for a day or two or do I need to get a full license?  
























 My backyard leads directly into a state forest and there are many stone wall property barriers strewn about.  









 Gear can really ring up after a bit when I'm at the local shop. I love supporting them, but I would love to find a good site that can give me a break here and there. 





























 Does that make sense? I've seen it down before. 




 My girlfriend has seats right behind home plate and I want to see how awesome her seats are. I don't get it with my basic cable package. Any ideas? I am having no luck. I went to the nesn website but I can't figure out if the streaming is actually live or not...or if they will even be showing the game. 
























 I will work out the tangles, okay? 

















































 I just got into it last year and I am looking forward to this season. Anyone out there wanna join me and a buddy tomorrow? It's a long shot but I would love some tips on bait, lures and techniques.  




 I am a recreational kayaker/angler and would love to meet up with some of you for this upcoming season. I created a subreddit @ [r/connecticutkayakers](http://www.reddit.com/r/connecticutkayakers/) for us to plan trips, give location pointers and share pictures/videos. I personally am going to be out for the the next few days after work and this weekend is shaping up to be great. 




 I have been revisiting my youth and honestly it started with listening to the Kids Soundtrack again after almost 20 years. Yes, Dinosaur Junior and KRecords. What else you guys got? 









 I am planning on asking for a raise and would like to be able to use this as some reference. 

















































 Please. 

















































 It's a simple return. Just one w-2 


































 Yah, so? 
























 Yep, spring is ruined.  




 Anyone know what thread it came from? 




 I'll grab some beers and my fishing gear and snag some trout on a big lake. Who's in? 
























 Has anyone heard them yet this year? Was tonight the turning point? I am just waiting for the freaking hornets to start crawling out and messing my entire day up. 



























































 You coming?  





































































 Anyone have any pointers on a cool hotel to stay at and an awesome place to get Thai or Mexican food?

 









 Havent seen him live since 2002. I'm way too excited about this right now.  







































 I'm reaching middle age and I could spend a good day in the shed going through my drill bits, sockets sets and lures. All the while listening to some Supertramp.
Dont get me wrong, I love it.
What else, guys?  














 Anyone else have this issue?  


































 JN8AZ08W77W614669

Thank you much. 












































 Insert any sport. 
























 I have a chromecast up in my bedroom but now I have a full on smart tv. Anyone have any cool tips for me?  




 1FTZR45E63TA39056

Thank you so much. 




 Kickin rock?  




 I use it as a wood working area and the kids store toys/bikes etc. I have see numerous wasps inside but have yet to find a nest. It has a lot of nooks and crannies. There are 2 allergies in the family.  









 I really don't recall him doing anything that would call for this kind of hate. Is it just a build up? 



























































 Have you found anything that has actually worked? Allergy in the household.  
























 ...and it took everything in my soul to not pick up the free lazy boy and Foosball table I saw on the side of the road. 




 Stay strong. 














 They seem to be really cheap on craigslist. Like half of what others are asking for similar trucks. 



















 "at the truck stop we go our separate ways" Journey- Separate Ways 









 Here is the breakdown.

I live in Connecticut so I need 4x4 as I have already had it with my previous jeep grand cherokee and can never go back. Winters get really rough here and my driveway is a pain


It will be my daily driver and my commute is approximately 20-25 miles a day all said and done.


I want to spend no more than $6500

I mainly need it for yard work/dump as my new house has a large yard and no woods in the back. I prefer a long bed as I will be using it for holding my kayak and summer sports gear. 

This will be my first truck. What should I be looking for? Thank you for any response.

 






















































 We made it through to 2 seasons we were able to rent quickly. Where can we watch season 3? Dying for more.  



























































 They aren't frequent at all but they are persistent when they do happen. I am currently sitting in my living room, house to myself for the weekend, 8 beers in and almost just went down to the store to grab a pack. 

I'm not, though. Just typing this out to you guys reminds me of what is wrong with that picture.

sure fucking sneaks up on ya' though, huh? 




 Let's see them.  




 I quit smoking 5 months ago and quit drinking last week. I joined the Y last week as well. I have very high cholesterol. I am 215 and 5'10. My gut is embarrassing large. 

Yesterday though when I was jogging my shins/calves in serious pain. Is this normal? What should I be doing differently? Any suggestions on what to do?
 




 Tonight on SNL boys and girls.  




 as of now i use one of those 5 dollar usb thingys that i plug my s4 usb into but all it does is pretty much drain the battery. verizon wants like 30 bucks. does that sound right? 









 She is rubbing his balls for several minutes.

He asks "you sure love doing that"

She says "I really miss rubbing mine" 






















































 I was living in Seattle and it was around '99. I had entered a contest on Becks website to win a prize package. At the time I was 21 years old, living in a rented room in a band house and barely used the internet. 

A friend of mine bought me tickets to the Beck show at Key Arena as a surprise. It was the Midnite Vultures tour and I freaking knew it was going to be a god damn funky ass shit show. I brought my "demo tape" of  various songs I had created on a shitty four track in my back pocket. I snuck in a joint and had my robot dancing shoes on. 

Ths show, of course kicked ass. The one thing that really stood out was when he did Debra he started it by being lowered down on a king size bed. I thought that shit was the smoothest thing I had ever seen (and still do). At some point I threw my tape up on stage only to see some stage hand kick it back off :(....

Cut to about 3 days after the show I receive a good size package in the mail at work (that was the only address I really trusted at that time) I open it up to find every Beck album released to date...signed by Beck, a t-shirt and a letter that explained what everything was and it said "we hope you enjoyed your VIP experience" 

WTF!!!!

I rev up my bosses beige IBM desktop and sign on to my hotmail (which I never checked...apparently) to find an email congratulating me on winning the prize package. I was to pick up my 2 VIP passes at will call at the same fucking show I went to. 

Yep. That happened. 














 Won't let me interact with it. I press the play button but it just freezes everything and closes baconreader. I even downloaded the vimeo ap but it doesn't even ask if I want to use it when opening a vimeo link. Anyone have this issue?  
























 Any luck with anything? I'm about to [purchase this](http://joby.com/smartphones/griptight-gorillapod-original?utm_source=googleProductSearch utm_medium=CSE utm_campaign=JM3-01WW gclid=CN-o8ZLL_LsCFel9OgodmhkAnA) 



















 Some things you just don't know where to put. 




 I would love for anothber story line to happen with her.  







































 I just watched the dog scene in I Am Legend and I'm sobbing.  












































 I am most likely going to do it in this next year. 




 The axis logos keep turning on and off sporadically and my screens go back to different configs.  






















































 Hard part is; I am chef by trade and around food 8-12 hours a day. 









 Fuck.  














 I want to do live mic stuff. Is this a possibility?  














 I can get a free pizza at a local pizza place but I'm sure there are some other ones.  



















 anyone run into this problem? Also, why in the hell is my wi-fi not in any of my toggle trays? 




 Are you able to use the micro usb for an external mic while using the top headphone jack as a monitor? 












































 I would like to be able to be sure it all shows up the way I would like it to. ;) 









 What do you guys think [of this deal](http://www.musiciansfriend.com/pro-audio/cad-pro-7-drum-microphone-kit-7-piece?source=3WWRWXGP gclid=CPfCk8r_07oCFQpnOgoddFcAyQ kwid=productads-plaid%5e57299776267-sku%5e270749000000000@ADL4MF-adType%5ePLA-device%5ec-adid%5e30424599627)? 




 I have never had a credit card, mortgage or car payment. Hell, I use a pay as you go phone. I am 35. I believe In had a department store card about 15 years ago with a 200 dollar limit and I can't even remember if I paid it off or not. 




 +100 ,!!! 




 I am always really curious of the state or town these pictures are coming from. Love this sub. Stay cool, y'all. 


































