 my husband was all "what are you laughing at" 




 same way  




 That is either cheating or intention to cheat 




 face looks like a lady 




 so sorry for your loss but at least he is no longer suffering :( 




 oww 




 oh hell no he used the f word? 




 MAKE UP YOUR DAMN MIND, UTERUS! 




 if you do anal enough, eventually this WILL happen.

they're supposed to pretend they don't see it

and then you toss the sheets in the washer and pretend it never happened :) 




 We get customers in our store yelling at their parents and I just want to smack the shit out of them.  




 What are you supposed to do, fold the pizza over on itself? 




 dammit, I want chocolate. 




 next time call the cops 




 ALSO it doesn't help that even though we are never supposed to waive late fees, the manager almost ALWAYS waives the $15 late fees. 




 Yea we get the same customers going to lien over and over again, they pay the bare minimum to keep their shit from being auctioned and then 3 months later we have to go through the same process all over again. 




 Yea the thing is after being three days late on payment you get a $15 late fee, after like two weeks the late fee goes up to like $50 and eventually they end up owing ridiculous amounts we know are never going to get paid. So we usually make a deal- pay us half and get your shit out so we don't have to pay for an auction that's only going to gain maybe $20 dollars per unit and then we can rent out the room to a new customer 




 Also we have to mail them certified letters informing them that their stuff is gonna be auctioned if they don't come pay so many days in advance of the actual auction date. Because the giant red lock on the storage unit wasn't sufficient notice.
 




 If it's in lien status it already has a lock on it.
We lock customers out of their units until they pay for the past due rent. Of course nobody actually pays the full amount until it comes time for auction and then they call and whine and demand we let them get their stuff for partial payments. 




 YAY! We have 11 units up for auction. 
SUCH fun! I imagine the calls are going to start coming in any day now. Unfortunately my manager is a pushover and he's probably going to get like $150 settlements on $600 storage bills. 




 I lost my "purity" to a water raft ride at an amusement park. I stood up and fell down on the metal bars crotch first. 




 It's fucking creepy. 




 So this guy has years of experience with menstrual pads?  




 ingrown pubes are the worst thing ever 




 yea I would have called mall security or the cops. 




 still not going to go see it 




 "LOTP: But [other store] does it for free!"

Then GO THERE! 




 you look so amazing with red hair!
 




 No internet. Wants xbox online.


*rofl* 




 We have signs that say "please return trucks here"
and yet every time rather than parking the trucks in the return lane, they either just park them in the customer parking lot or they go to where they originally picked up the truck and drop it off there. We sometimes have to go across the street and search for lost trucks/vans/trailers. We tell the people where to return them but I guess they just ignore us. 




 I have not changed my last name. it has not been an issue except we had to clarify that yes we were married and yes we had different last names at the hospital when I filled out paperwork before having surgery. 




 Really hope she gets better *hugs* 




 same 




 that sounds delicious 




 what an asshole. You're supposed to repeat the order so the customer is sure you got it right..... 




 I also get this. I get pains in my back and down the back of my thighs. It's worse when I am at work and have to be on my feet all day and bending over to clean stuff. 




 Oh my god, I'm so sorry :(  




 Yea it sounds like he was a trap, neuter, release. The best way to get him comfortable with you is to continue feeding him. Make sure he knows that you are the one bringing him food. Hang out while he eats. Eventually he will get used to your presence. 




 yes 




 why the fuck would you buy the cheapest item in the store and pay for it with a $100 bill? 




 Yes. Everytime I get a new cat or take one of my cats somewhere they do the same thing for a few days.  By tomorrow or so they will be ready to explore the new place 




 It will probably take them a few days to get used to the move and being in a "new" environment.  




 It seems like your life would be a lot easier if you would just accept yourself for the way you are. 




 what's wrong with her?
take her to a vet!
:( 

hope she feels better 




 hahaha yea THAT they can probably talk me into  




 hunt that old man down, he has some amazing stories to tell! 




 I literally have to throw my husband's socks/underwear because otherwise he will keep wearing them. 




 "Woukd you, if you found a great guy from a poor background who had never had the opportunity to go to college or take unpaid internships but instead had worked hard from age 17 for his own food and shelter and had eventually managed to get himself a place and a car etc but was still considered below average or poor in terms of earnings, just reject him?"

No I married him.

Would I recommend that women mate for financial stability? Absolutely. If you are planning on having a child, it is ideal to find an environment where they are going to have a good education so they don't end up perpetuating the cycle of poverty. 

I realize that many people have children while working minimum wage jobs but I want more for my kids than that. 




 And because people are taking the time to send me hate mail because I am projecting my feminist ideals on relationships, YES I am a feminist. I work for a living. I expect my husband to do the same.
I do housecleaning, so I expect him to cook.
I expect him to respect my opinion. 
I don't want to be a stay at home mom. I saw my grandmothers do this and live horrible lives being treated like dirt by their husbands. I would rather be single the rest of my life than have someone treat me like that. 




 All the love in the world isn't going to help you pay your bills. I am not saying I am materialistic. I married someone knowing he didn't make a lot of money. But I can completely understand anyone wanting to make sure the electric doesn't get shut off and that there is food on the table. It would nice to be comfortable. Not rich, but not living from paycheck to paycheck. 




 She did leave the hospital AMA. You have the right to do that. They then turned around and got a court order against her. She ended up having to go to three hospitals in order to find one (moses taylor) that would let her give birth vaginally. I understand they are worried about lawsuits but that shouldn't be an excuse to give a cesarean to everyone that walks in the door. 




 A lot of the hospitals in this area are catholic ones. I am really leaning more towards having a midwife and in the instance that I need medical intervention we have a hospital like two blocks away. I just don't want them to "push" having an epidural, an episiotomy, a cesarean, etc on me when I don't want it.
In addition to the court ordered cesarean, I believe another woman sued for an unwanted episiotomy a few years ago in this area. I just found out about this today while looking for local midwives.  These two cases were enough to seal the deal as far as my not liking hospitals.

I just had a laparoscopy the other day and the nurse ordered me to go to the bathroom after I had already went. I was waiting for like 2 hours and in pain and cranky. This nurse proceeded to argue with me that she didn't want to do a catheter and risk infection. She didn't listen to me that I had literally peed right before she showed up. If they are not going to believe me when I said I peed already, why are they going to believe me when I say I don't want a cesarean?

This hospital was in the same town as the case where they got the court order against the woman not wanting a cesarean. Like I said I just found out about this today and it's not really comforting or soothing my hospital fears at all. 




 Yes but when men are conditioned to think -if I buy the diamond ring, the flowers, the fancy dinner, I will get to have sex. Then they start expecting it and it's not okay. It's better for women everywhere to make it clear that we are sexual beings. Not because we want sugar daddies but because we genuinely like having sex, or if we are in a long term relationship because we love the person we are with.

 




 Yea I edited my original post too because I am tired of explaining what I meant for the third time. I should have added a comma or something  




 She signed a piece of paper stating she would not sue. 
I understand the doctor being unwilling due to insurance/liability issues but to get a court order?
Keep in mind this is right down the road from me. I actually have my obgyn in the same town where this happened. It's horrifying.  




 I also want to make sure (if I go to an actual hospital vs. hiring a midwife and having a home birth) that my husband is allowed to be in the room and an active participant in all decisions.  That is another reason I am very weary of the hospitals in my area, northeast PA as I have heard nothing but horror stories of the Scranton and Wilkes-Barre maternity wards. 




 Also there is a movie, The Business of Being Born, which details how in the 1950s c-sections became standard practice and patient's wishes/rights were not respected. Some women were actually tied to hospital beds 




 My husband's ex would not have sex with him without getting something else in return. I think they ended up going without sex for like 6 months. And then she ended up cheating on him. 

I see nothing wrong with casual sex as long as you are being honest and not lying to each other 




 I didn't say it was but if you are married to someone, you should be having sex with them out of love and not for monetary compensation 




 http://allnurses.com/ob-gyn-nursing/forced-csection-54674.html

I am NOT going to any of the hospitals in my area, their c-section rate is something like 30% and the WHO says that it should be around 15% 




 There's a hospital near me that actually got a court order to force this woman to have a c-section against her will. Thankfully she left the hospital against medical advice and went to a different hospital where she had a vaginal birth with NO complications 




 What I was trying to say is if you love someone you should enjoy having sex with them and not just because you get some monetary compensation out of it.
I was not trying to say you have to have sex with someone you love only. You can have sex with whoever you want as long as you are doing it of your own free will 




 If they want to be prostitutes that's fine, but to act like they aren't doing the same thing as a legitimate sex worker is hypocrisy 




 Again, not trying to say you can ONLY have sex with someone you are in love with.

BUT if you are in love with someone you should have sex with them out of love not for money or favors 




 also you missed the part where I said "you genuinely enjoy doing it"
technically you would fall under that category
 




 Absolutely not. Sex workers are different. They are upfront about being prostitutes 




 I got married :) 




 I have a real issue with that. I feel that they shouldn't do unneccesary surgeries without consent, and if the dad is there he should have to sign as well. I also have an issue with the HUGE amount of cesarean sections that have been performed over the years when they were not needed. I don't care if you are a doctor, unless my life or the baby's life are in danger you should get my permission before you cut open my body!
I've always been anxious about going to a hospital for delivery for those two reasons. 




 Good to know. I've never had a baby or worked in a hospital so I had no idea lol 




 I had genital warts as well. Thankfully after the colposcopy and wart burning which were both agonizingly painful might I add, the hpv eventually went away on its own. That was 10 years ago and I've had normal paps ever since.  The thing about hpv is, unless there are physical signs such as genital warts and or abnormal cervical cells there really is no way of knowing. I'm really glad they came out with the vaccine AFTER I already had hpv lol. 




 Yea after 90 days we have to send a certified letter to people telling them their storage unit will be auctioned off.
Of course usually the letters end up returned because they gave us the wrong address, but that's not our fault. 




 why would you do this? wouldn't you have to touch your own shit? 




 Personally I would feel really insulted if I knew my husband was deliberately "throwing" the game so I would win. 




 I wish I had waited until I was in a long term commited relationship instead of just having random flings. How long have they been dating?  Personally I wish I would have waited until I was 18 because I was not ready to have protected sex with a long term partner. Instead I ended up with hpv and genital warts which I ended up giving to my first long term partner. Words cannot describe how shitty I felt and I wished I had waited. So please please ask her to use condoms at the very least.   




 In addition to birth control I would really encourage the use of condoms 




 Where did you end up finding them? I may need to buy some 




 This is the exact same problem I have! I need someone to hold the trash can so I can lift the bag out, because they cram it full of so much shit it gets vacuum sealed in there. 









 I was at work saturday. I was off yesterday. Came in this morning and our customer bathroom toilet brush has gone AWOL.  It's USED. Someone stole our used toilet brush. And now I have nothing to clean the toilet bowls with.

Sigh. 




 Coupon 50% off all Pizzas at Menu Price  Online Only

I got a large pizza for $7 so it would be a good time to PIF! 




 We are supposed to fill out these surveys giving our opinions of the management. I know they don't really want the truth but this is what I would say.    Part time employees should not be getting overtime while the rest of us are having our hours cut to 1 or 2 days a week because we are over on payroll and the manager lets employees work whenever and as long as they want.  I cannot pay my bills with two days a week and yet we just hired more people!  The manager shows up at 7 and consistently leaves by 11.  Employees who have been with the company for years are making the same wages as people who have no experience and were just hired.  It is no wonder why people are quitting for better jobs when they can start off at $14.50.  Most of the employees sit around talking all day and texting while the hard workers run the store, doing their own jobs in addition to everyone else's work, including the manager's. 




 We are constantly getting people coming into our store or calling and asking for "Frank" or "Joe" or 15 other people who do not and have never worked there. The only thing I can fathom is that if they call the store and we let it ring four times it goes to the call center in arizona. The call center people are morons. They are always scheduling truck reservations for trucks we don't have, hitch appointments on days when there is no hitch mechanic in the store, and generally making our job 50% harder, especially when the customer comes in and we have to tell them that the call center screwed up. We don't really have that truck available. "But the lady on the phone said!"  

Well sir that lady on the phone is a moron. She is over 2000 miles away and is too lazy to look at the computer to see that this particular truck is on the other side of the state.

Anyway, we get this at least once a day. "Is so and so here?"
 Who?

"I talked to so and so."
Nobody by that name works here.
"I just called here and talked to them 5 minutes ago!"

What's better is when after explaining how the call center works the person STILL thinks that one of the employees was the one on the phone and that somehow we are lying to them or playing a trick on them.


TL;DR Just because you talk to someone on the phone doesn't mean they actually work here. 




 plus free shipping on orders of $50 or more
and 3 free samples with purchase of $5 or more

http://www.paulaschoice.com/shop/skin-care-categories/aha-and-bha-exfoliants/ 




 Looking for sites that sell makeup and take Paypal!!  Thanks. 




 Want to buy too faced boudoir eyes. Offering $25 plus shipping
because I found one on amazon for that price.
 Thanks!!

EDIT
also looking for occ lip tars/lip tar minis
in black dahlia, NSFW, and the clear base coat

TY


update: found someone selling smashbox full exposure, thanks :) 




 I have finally figured out how to block pm's from people I do not like, but is there a way of blocking harassing comments as well? 




 I am trying to determine my next snack box subscription.  I got graze and the portions were really small. I wanted to try munchpak or oyatsubox because I love foreign treats and they can often be pretty expensive to ship overseas.  I like that munchpak is less money and has treats from ALL over but I would be pretty mad if I got all/mostly US available snacks. If I wanted that I could walk to the gas station/grocery store.  The oyatsubox seems to be more expensive but it is ALL Japanese candy. I wouldn't have to worry about getting local crap like fritos/skittles/etc.
Has anyone tried one or both of these services? What did you think? Thanks :) 




 I had already unsubscribed but I thought I'd give them another chance. WRONG.  Not only did I get TEA and a PERFUME SAMPLE for the millionth time but the beauty protector oil sample had leaked all over the box and everything in it.  I am done with them. Cashed in my points and not giving them another dime! 




 Does anyone have this? I want it sooo much but I am trying to not buy makeup :(

was thinking of using my birchbox points so I don't have to pay full price. $49 seems kind of expensive. 




 Just signed up for graze (for the free box, heh)

Unlike julep, you can cancel anytime online
so I will try it out and then see if it's worth it.
Has anyone else tried this? Are the snacks any good? A lot of them sound really yummy but the portions look tiny. 

 




 We had a customer sitting in our waiting area, waiting for his hitch to be installed. He brought lunch (mountain dew and a sandwich) and apparently nail clippers. Lunch I can understand.  Bringing a book I can understand. But he just started clipping his nails. In public.  Do that at home, in your bathroom! And I have to clean them up once he leaves. Ew. 




 Was listening to kdge and they played an ad for some haunted santa thing in plano??? Anyone heard of this?   Only in town for the week, upset that I'm going to miss out on aziz ansari and the toadies  :-( 




 My mom just got me one of these for christmas!

http://www.freemanbeauty.com/product/best-of-beauty-seasonal-set


Best of Beauty Seasonal Set
$17.99

The more IS the merrier with our limited edition best of beauty seasonal set that makes your skin beautiful, merry, and bright! 12 fabulously fragrant treats are perfect for prepping skin before a big night out, or for soothing your skin as you settle in for a warm winter evening. Get a set for yourself...then show off your generous side and wrap a couple up for your friends! Valued over $70, its all yours for just $17.99Tis the season for skin that glows!

Best of Beauty Seasonal Set Includes

Feeling Beautiful Cucumber Facial Peel-Off Mask 6 oz. 
Bare Foot Peppermint   Plum Foot Lotion 5.3 oz.
Bare Foot Repair for Cracked Heels 3.4 oz. 
Vita-K Professional for Spider Veins 3.0 oz. 
Psssst! Original Dry Shampoo 5.3 oz. 
Eclos Instant Radiance Facial Scrub 5.0 oz. 
c. Booth Walnut Shell Body Scrub   Cleanser 16.0 oz. 

1 sachet each of 
Feeling Beautiful Avocado   Oatmeal Facial Clay Mask 0.5 oz. 
Feeling Beautiful Charcoal   Black Sugar Facial Polishing Mask Mask 0.5 oz. 
Feeling Beautiful Dead Sea Minerals Facial Anti-Stress Mask o.5 oz. 
Bare Foot Peppermint   Plum Foot Scrub 0.5 oz. 

Freeman Beauty Socks 


Pretty excited for everything except the spider veins treatments since thankfully I don't have those yet. lol

But I definitely need the foot stuff and masks!

Yay!
 









 Disclaimer: The following post will probably be disgusting.

Today at work, my coworker alerted me to a problem in the men's bathroom. I had already cleaned it so I sighed and asked him what was wrong.

Someone had taken a dump and left it in the toilet bowl. The men's room smelled horrible.  

I went to investigate.

"Why wouldn't they flush?" I asked myself, sighing.

Hindsight is 20/20 and I have determined that the guilty party had probably, in fact flushed.  

My brave coworker and I marched to the bathroom.  
I held my nostrils closed and flushed.
Nothing.

It won't budge.

My coworker tried flushing.

Nothing.  

I ran from the room, gagging.

The poop was the consistency of glue. It wasn't going anywhere.
It had plans of sticking around for a long, long time.

My coworker suggested pouring bleach on it to facilitate the flushing process.

I ran for the cleaning supplies.

In the meantime my coworker decided to record a video on his phone showing the flushing process and lack of progress.

He said he was going to upload it on youtube.
He was going to title it "It won't go down."

I poured a fuckton of bleach on the offending turd.
It started to disintegrate into a million pieces of stinky disgusting turd.  I repeated the bleach pouring and flushing remedy to no avail.  Maybe, I thought, maybe I'll let it set for a while so the bleach can really soak in there.

I made a sign. Out of order. Please use women's restroom.
Sorry!  I taped it to the door.

Did I mention I sprayed a ton of air freshener??

I think we should like, poke it with a stick, I told my coworker.

That's disgusting, he replied. 

Yes, yes it is, I thought.

Somehow I've gotta clean this thing.

I googled "poop won't flush" but did not come up with a cure-all solution.  I started looking for something to poke the poo with.  Eventually after half a gallon of bleach and 20 flushes the poop finally SLID down the hole.
It left the hugest shitstained bowl I've ever seen.

After much plunging and toilet bowl cleaner soaking
and toilet bowl scrubber scrubbing, I finally defeated the shit demon.


I felt like a champion.


I left the door propped open so the bathroom would air out.

Still I warned everyone to use the ladies' room. 




 I'm sick of spending $15 for 4 refill cartridges for expensive razors.
Currently my husband uses gilette fusion and I am using venus.  We got him 4 store brand refills for $5 but they don't fit on the actual gilette fusion, so we're going to have to pay 7.99 to buy the damn generic razor.  Other than buying disposable bic soleils, I'm out of ideas.
How can I get cheaper razor blades? I'm sick of spending $30 total every time we need refill blades .

 




 I work for a storage/moving truck company.  Today we got a truck back with urine in it.  For once I am glad I work back in storage and not up front because I normally have to clean up the gross stuff. Today someone else gets that honor. 




 I forgot to make an into post!

I am a married 28 y/o from Scranton, PA

I work at a storage /moving truck rental company with a bunch of guys and don't really have time for much makeup before work.  Normally I just do eyeliner, bb cream, and some kind of lip balm/gloss. Also I have to clean out storage units all day so by the end of the day I am gross and exhausted.  I am really in love with any kind of foot scrub because my feet get really sore from being on my feet all day.
I also use a lot of makeup/cleansing wipes at work when I get a chance
and I get really dry hands from cleaning products so I always have some kind of hand cream/lotion in my purse. 

On my day off I normally just catch up on house cleaning. Occasionally I still like to glam up however it's not as often as I'd like. 




 Normally I just tap him a little until he wakes up and stops snoring. but five seconds later he starts snoring again. Sometimes I want to strangle him. 














 Has anyone seen this? It's based on the Dyatlov Pass Incident.

http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/devils_pass/

Seems pretty cool.
I'm either watching that or Escape from Tomorrow.

http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/escape_from_tomorrow_2013/


I'm sick of the damn "Halloween" and "Nightmare on Elm Street" marathons that seem to be going on on cable right now... 




 I just signed up for the julep free box. I don't really want another monthly subscription- I already have birchbox and I've tried and cancelled my ipsy subscription. Anyway I want my first box but after that I plan on cancelling. How exactly do I do that? I'm looking all over their site and can't seem to find that option.

Thanks!!! 




 I started taking spironolactone two weeks ago because I have high testosterone and hirsutism / acne.  I am only on 25 mg twice a day. I did some online searches and it seems like the typical dose for acne is 100 mg while for overweight patients and those with excessive facial hair the dosage may be 250-300 mg.  I'm thinking about calling my endocrinologist to see if he will up my dosage. But from what I've read it can take up to two months to see results. So far my face is still broken out and I'm still having to shave every day, sometimes twice. :(


Also I am looking into getting a Tria hair removal laser for Christmas. It's supposed to be the closest to professional laser removal you can get at home.  I don't have the money to go get it done and it's too embarassing, I'd rather do it at home. I've already had to shave my face every day for the past 5 years, I hope something can be done. Even if it's not permanent if it just slows the hair growth it would be worth $450. It is a pretty big investment though, and if it doesn't work I don't know if I'll be able to get a refund.

Does anyone have any experience with either of these? Has anyone had any success with  getting rid of unwanted facial hair ?
I'm also on birth control so the spiro combined with that should reduce my acne but the facial hair is my biggest concern. 




 Has anyone tried clomid? My obgyn was trying to get me to ovulate. Provera didn't bring my period back even though they tried it twice. I did finally get my period after taking birth control but if I want to get pregnant I am going to have to stop taking that and maybe try clomid instead to bring on ovulation. Anyway just wondering if anyone has any experience. Thanks! 
























 I donated 10 bucks here. I can't read the actual zoo website to figure out how to donate. 




 Congratulations Everypony! 




 Oh no. get well soon and hope all goes well! 




 Apparently they are getting a lot of angry calls because they are charging people full price for the mystery boxes when they already checked out with the coupon code. So yea, I expect to be on hold for a while. 




 How can I help? Is there any way I can donate via paypal?
 




 Do those things work? I am always getting blisters :( 




 didn't they have a jump to conclusions mat? 




 haha thanks for reminding me to call and cancel my subscription, I've been meaning to but it's such a pain in the ass and you're always on hold for like 2 hours... 




 Why can't the siblings who actually give a shit plan the damned funeral?
Honestly there has to be like a cremation and cardboard box option covered for those who don't have money/ aren't willing to spend money on someone they hate 




 I'd buy one.  




 That sucks, good luck 




 pretty!!! what are you having done? 




 If I had to read ONE book, Fight Club would be a pretty good one to choose. 




 Ok I will play devil's advocate. There is not a single book that 50 kids would agree they all want to read. How would the teachers get around that if not choosing one for them? 




 The Scarlet Letter isn't a shitty book. I am against being forced to read books. God knows I hated "A Farewell to Arms" and pretty much every other Hemingway book.  But The Scarlet Letter isn't really that bad. For god's sake if you have to go watch the movie version 




 almost every time I am in a bookstore or a target, someone inevitably assumes I work there. I do not wear a red shirt. I hate khakis.
I don't get it 




 like what, "divergent"?

I'll pass 




 Oh heaven forbid you should be forced to read 




 I have no menstrual cycle unless I am on hormonal birth control. YAY Pcos! 




 The signs at our store say that. I guess because they had too many of these type of shenanigans 




 Bah everytime coke goes on sale everyone comes and buys it all then I can't get any at all. :( 




 what an asshole. he's the reason I can't get ONE pack  




 that is so sad :( 




 That was nice of you. Most people would just keep the more expensive item 




 and this is why I do not drive forklifts. lol 




 why the fuck are the other employees standing around talking the whole time? 




 How do you NOT clip your balls with that?
I've tried and I nicked the shit out of my labia. I trim with scissors. I am not cutting my vagina and honestly my husband doesn't care. 




 Well you don't marry someone unless they go down on you. DUH 




 Yea I cannot shave my pubes at all. I get ingrown pubes and they get infected. So this would be a deal breaker for me 




 I honestly can't see why anyone would think they look good 




 18 days? that must be some kind of record.... 




 oh damn the red wedding nails look amazingggggggg 




 also mexico. 




 If you aren't happy with the old one, why buy a new one? 




 I've gotten one box. And I had to wait like 6 months to get it. Just review a bunch of crap, tweet and or share on facebook, ask questions and then wait for a survey to come in your email. I ended up lying my ass off to get this cheese voxbox. We'll see if it works. I have done like 3 or 4 pre-qualification surveys and I always get "we're sorry but you don't qualify". So I am trying to lie now to actually get boxes 




 I had a laparoscopy because of my PCOS. I was in a lot of pain and they wanted to see if I might have endometriosis. I did not but while they were in there they got a bunch of tiny cysts out since they were causing me pain.  It was a same day surgery, they knocked me out and then I woke up like 2 hours later. The painful part was the gas. They have to blow you up with gas to see your insides better. That shit hurts so bad. I was really gassy for like 3 days. They gave me hydrocodone and I was taking them like every 8 hours because I was in a lot of pain. After about three days the pain got better but I still stayed at home for like two weeks because I have a labor intensive job and I didn't want to pop any stitches or anything. I had my surgery on february 20th and I'm completely healed but I have a tiny scar in my belly button and along my pubis.

I do not have any experience with blocked tubes but my aunt had a twisted ovary. They ended up having to remove it (the ovary) but she ended up having three girls with one ovary.   




 robin's egg blue. so ... robin 




 If I had 4k I'd buy a damn car 




 lol he wanted you to refund his gas money? 




 so you've been to a doctor? what the fuck is that ? 




 yea that is fucked up. anal is not a loophole that magically allows sex before marriage 




 I just ignore them until they hang up. 




 he sounds like a scumbag  




 for sale: slightly used bench. non functioning. 




 Worst case scenario: you could get genital warts, if that is the particular strain she has. 

Another possible scenario: you could get hpv and then give it to another female.

HPV can lead to cervical cancer but early detection/prevention is key.

I would recommend using a condom at least until you are in a serious relationship 




 Thank you 




 It's probably evolutionary because otherwise nobody would want to have sex... 




 That is awful :( 




 personally I wouldn't want to have sex with someone unless they were comfortable with it. granted I don't always want to have sex during my period but if they can't be mature about it, I would have trouble respecting them 




 You're very right. Some of our trucks have that ridiculous have to turn the steering wheel thing before starting. My car does the same thing but it's somehow more difficult on the newer trucks. My husband forgets after years of marriage that he has to do that with my car. Also that the gas tank is on the passenger side. 




 dammit I started freaking out too, then I realized it's not may. lol 




 fuck I have no idea when the hell easter is.
 




 oh my god. I am so sorry. I wouldn't have any contact with her either 




 UGH. We had a lady yesterday screaming and CURSING at her kids and threatening to slap them. As far as I could tell they were just sitting in the backseat of her car being kids. She was screaming something about you kids have no god damn respect for anything yadda yadda yadda. It took every fiber of my being to not go over there and slap the shit out of that woman. Those poor children. :( 




 Thanks! 




 I believe you can buy gift cards with paypal. I am broke as shit but can use paypal/bill me later to buy gift cards. The only thing is I have no idea what I am doing. Does anyone know how the hell to do this? Thanks 




 I've thought about reporting it or at least telling corporate
 




 The employees at my store don't wear the name tags. There's a big pile of them behind the front desk. For some reason I never got the memo that nobody wears them so I've been wearing mine all this time. 




 I would have filed a police report. That is assault. 




 I work at a place that rents moving trucks and vans.

We get notifications when something is wrong with one of the vehicles. So I was trying to figure out if we had to send them to get repaired or if it was something stupid like windshield wipers. Most of the time people leave the lights on and then freak out because they have a dead battery.
It would be funny if it didn't happen SO frequently.

Anyway there were two notifications on our vans that popped up yesterday. I investigated because these vans were fine the day prior.
Apparently, we had two different people call roadside assistance yesterday. The first apparently got his van stuck a few blocks over from the store. It was raining and I guess (?) he tried to drive through mud.  All I could see on the computer was where the guy got stuck and that they determined it was the customer's fault. They had to tow him.

The second guy locked the keys in the van somewhere in New York. 

Do you think this kind of crap would happen so frequently if it was their own vehicle?

Finally someone coming with one of our trailers from Reno NV had to stop in Iowa for the night because whoever put the hitch on their car didn't do a great job and the trailer was coming loose. This is the only one of three reports that was caused due to our company's negligence. I am only including this one because we had to send someone out to fix it and pay for his hotel room. There were two adults, a cat, and a dog. And the ramada doesn't have any rooms that allow pets.  I genuinely feel bad for these people. They are more than halfway from Nevada to our location and travelling with pets is a nightmare.  

 




 Give him the discount, then eat the kitkat :) 




 I work at a storage/rental truck place. We have a "climate control" section. Ironically, the roof leaks. So people are paying MORE money hoping their antiques and heirlooms will be safe from the elements, not realizing that there's a very real chance their stuff will be ruined by mold and water.
Our manager is aware. Our regional manager is aware. And his response is "oh we have all these empty rooms, it's not a big deal." The thing is, the leaks are NOT in individual rooms. They are in HALLWAYS.  Yesterday I spent most of the afternoon placing buckets so I wouldn't have to mop up dirty water for the 50th time that day. I also left wet floor signs in three different places. I am leaving the buckets there because 1) maybe if it looks trashy enough they will fix the damned roof, 2) I do not want someone to slip, fall, and sue the shit out of the company and 3) We have a damned flood watch. I am not going to be back in until tuesday and nobody is going to go back there to clean up dirty water until then.  The roof has been leaking for months. Every time it snows there's a leak. Every time it rains there's a leak. For the most part I've tried ignoring it and just mopping up when I can but it all seems futile. 




 it rubs the lotion on its skin 




 That is the worst photoshop attempt I have ever seen. 




 Oh I know. I am connected to my mother's account, and she had a stroke and lost her job. So since we don't have a combined total of like $7,000 in the bank now we have to pay a monthly bs fee.
 




 ugh, of course not 




 I smell a lawsuit 




 isn't this just going to lead to all the doctors giving birth control off-label? Oh well we'll just say you have heavy periods. wink wink 




 I have PCOS. In order to have a regular period I have to take birth control. I stopped taking birth control and had no period for OVER THREE YEARS.
I would sue the ever living fuck out of these assholes if they wouldn't give me birth control 




 haha I would give him 11 cents out of my pocket on the condition that he never come back to that store 




 I "solved" the mystery when I realized I can squirt buckets and then get up after sex and STILL pee. I mean if it was pee, you think my bladder would be empty by that point. 




 Just a question. Since this is the first time a guy has consistantly made you squirt, does he have a bend in his penis?
My husband has a curve in his penis facing up. It seems to hit my g-spot really easily, and almost every time we have sex I squirt. I USED to only squirt with a hitachi magic wand. So we have a theory that it has to do with his odd penis shape 




 Waterproof mattress pad from amazon
and we always have towels under my ass  




 who the hell is downvoting this? do you have no heart :( 




 This is my favorite line since reading this reddit and I have to repeat it to myself all day to keep from going insane:

"Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine." 




 Every time I use another bank's atm I get charged non bank atm fee TWICE 




 (previously) Bank of America.

Now, Wells Fargo.

I'm also getting charged a bullshit $13 monthly fee
I hate them. 




 I really like cetaphil 




 There's nothing wrong with it. if you're fine with it then there's not a problem 




 You mean I can't buy american airlines plane tickets in the book store?  




 take the money, then walk over to the other store, then hand THEM the money.
lol problem solved 




 yea how do cute tiny things have a gender? 




 all vaginas are different.
just like all penises are different.
short of having major surgery there's nothing that can be done and you're just going to have to deal with it 




 Use our atms. Get charged a $7.50 fee.
Then have YOUR bank charge a non *bank name* atm fee.
:) 




 well i guess you could have carved the heavy part out of the pineapple, leaving it a hollow shell.... 




 d'awwwwwww 




 fuck him, go home if he's going to be a dick about it 




 shit I thought he was being serious 




 /r/mildlyinteresting 




 oh my god. glad the dude survived 




 How often are you masturbating? 




 It sounds like he was pretty fun to have around. At least to make the day less boring. 




 he was probably too busy talking on the phone to notice that lol 




 bah I would have called the cops 




 ugh I hate people on their cell phones. hang the fuck up! 




 ewww 




 We get this all the time. Then they're all like "your doors are broken!" 




 The other day we had a guy manage to sneak into the store with the lights off to use the bathroom. WE ARE CLOSED. I was horrified because I thought he was trying to rob the store or something. Nope he wanted to go pee.

And then he wanted to buy something/rent a truck. What part of "closed" do you not understand?
You can use the bathroom but then we are going to have to ask you to leave.  




 reading is hard 




 I know right? Laundry, showers, sleeping in beds. It's almost criminal /s 




 rofl he wanted a bribe of meat 




 Work at a box truck company that sells storage. We had a guy threaten to beat up a coworker because they were charged for gas. It was like 15 dollars. 




 what a dick 




 I wasn't there but once a dude tripping his balls off ran into the store, punched some mannequins, sprinted up stairs, swung on a sign then tried to jump off the stairway. Apparently he thought he was mountain climbing.


Man I'd be pissed if I missed out on seeing that 
























 aw damn I was hoping someone wanted MY tarte for true blood palette! lol 




 Yodeling. Oh dear lord do tell. 




 bah you should have gave her a small.
of course she'd complain that THAT was too small. 




 Not really suicide themed, of course that's what the headlines were but it was actually a "RIP childhood" party 




 Not everyone can cum from sex. I can't get myself off with my fingers, I have to use a vibrator.  Have you tried having sex with a small vibrator on your clit?  




 You don't have to.... 




 not paying for shipping and handling... 




 seems like 9/10 of these were always broken or otherwise fucked up and ate your pencil 




 I could sit there and literally shred my entire pencil 




 I try to use it to find my car in a parking lot 




 Yea $1 for the 2 pack and then 6.95 s h 




 did someone mention delicious russian pastries?
 




 Also we used to have neighborhood cats that would stop and get fed at every house on the street because everyone thought they were strays/starving to death.
They'd live with us for a while then go missing for like 3 days seeing their other families. 




 My mom calls my cats her "grandcats" 




 YOU'RE NOT MY REAL mom! 




 Yea kids will feed all kinds of stuff to dogs if you let them. Chocolate cake, etc.

NONONONONON We don't feed that to lard ass (I mean fido) 




 my cats are really good at this. I feed them, husband feeds them
and then when we get home I feed them, a few hours later he feeds them again.
We have a pig cat who will sit there are eat until she pukes.
And then continue eating again, if we let her. 




 I'm real bad about popping the blisters and then they leave like a crater scar where there's a chunk of flesh missing. :-0 




 my pink sparkly riding crop.
I think I'd figure it out quickly enough, though.... 




 are they burns? in my experience burns take a long ass time to heal, especially if they blister and you pop the blister.
 




 They have generic versions of mederma that are pretty good 




 It depends. if they are keloid scars they will almost never fade. If however they are just minor lacerations and heal without a raised scar they will fade to at least be a bit lighter over the years 




 yay! thanks :) 




 Sorry sir, if you don't like it write your congressman.
 




 I bought my mystery box today. Am I still going to get this one? or next month's? any ideas? Thanks!! 




 poor thing. RIP 




 My skoshbox came with the pocky and aero green tea demolished into a million bits. I was pretty upset. but I ate the powdered crumbled mess anyway 




 Well, in the defense of men, Sybians are fucking expensive. lol 




 we had them in west virginia in like 93 




 YES we had one of these in elementary school  (born in 85)
the notebooks were pretty badass, it took quarters. 




 YEP 




 Damn those sluts being under the age of consent! 




 Eh, did you actually have sex?
Because that would be bad.
 




 Thank god I'm not the only one who has that paranoia.
 




 "I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!"


I'm sure she's VERY proud of herself.

I would tell her to go die in a fire. 




  I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!

Go to hell. 

Seriously, you are going to hell.

 




 YOU CAN'T PROVE ANYTHING! 




 Well if there's change left over from my $5 bill then I give them the change in the tip jar. but since the drinks at starbucks are like 4.70 with tax, it's not a lot.... 




 Why don't they have a tip option when paying with a card? I feel like I dick never tipping but I do not carry cash. 




 Is it any better when I visually imagine myself stabbing the customers with a fork? 




 Yea sure I went to community college for two years and university for four years and the job market blows so I have to serve douchebags 9-5 in order to pay back student loans. but sure, I'm a high school dropout.

 




 our computers were down all day. YAY 




 I leave mine in the bathroom by the tub... So yes it's mine now mwahaha 




 Gorgeous! 




 Yea he has a heart attack or some shit 




 I think diabetics feel the need to urinate a lot. Still not an excuse. 




 oh ok I was confused, thought she bought it online 




 lol. 




 jesus christ lady, go online and print your fucking order summary. 




 ugh, I always get stuck in line behind "return lady" 




 "Is the item blue?"


....I don't know. 




 but it only weighs five pounds.
and she can ride in it.....


 




 maybe it's a drawing of a carriage?` 




 FUCK YEAH let's  GIVE COWS VACCINES
and DO KEG STANDS! 




 is it football related? 




 yea she's pretty much just crazy 




 she also shot andy warhol 




 well. Hold him captive I've coming over with cheeseburgers 




 olestra!!! 




 yea fine show up at 7. your shit won't be ready. bitch 




 Yea Ours are pretty fucking sturdy.... 




 the falcons are gone :( 




 owwww 




 I would have taken the free half dozen old donuts and left with a smile. 




 I want donuts at like 3 am. and coffee. Does that make me a pig?  I'm not picky though, I'll take whatever.
 




 Ok I read that, still don't understand why there was a riot. 




 holy shit why was there a riot? 




 lame. I really wanted the balm one but it's not worth resubscribing and getting broken stuff or tea. 




 how the hell did he break it? 




 yep, they were after free shit 




 "is it raining?" 




 I WANT IT 




 uh how the fuck are we supposed to remember every single customer's phone/pin number? 




 Yeah, if she threw her credit card on the floor it would stay there. 




 At my mother's clinic they had signs, basically "hang the fuck up"
and people still came up to the receptionist, phone in hand. 




 I don't know your pin number.
YOU have to do that part.
 




 That is awesome.
 




 That explains a lot. 




 oh my god that sounds horrible.
 




 CAKE IS NECESSARY! mwahaha 




 wonder if his wife is even allergic or he's making that part up, too... 




 tell him to go take a hike 




 roofie cookies. do not eat 




 What is this she owes the attorneys money business? Do you guys turn them over to creditors or what? 




 She wants you to let her in 




 "Sorry honey, the cat was here first." :) 




 I don't understand why people are so confused. They hand the card to me. I can't see the fucking screen!
Have you never used a card before? 




 I do the same thing. Until you hang the fuck up I am pretending you are invisible. 




 Reminds me of my coworker who had a customer who wanted to run her card as credit but inevitably kept typing in her pin number. So the coworker had to cancel and reset it. over and over and over again. sigh 




 If it was genital warts there would likely be more than one. 




 bah you can have it shipped to store? then shipping is free. what a whiner 




 hmmm $25 or $5, which is more. 




 I tried to tape the guts back inside. Then I cried. I was mad at my cat for a week. I was pretty young, like 9. 




 Bald eagles are no longer endangered, partially due to being bred in captivity. 




 Holistic dog dentistry?  I've heard everything now! 




 Covergirl pressed powder and lipsmackers.  Every day.  So chalky. 




 As a diabetic eating sugar, how is she not dead ? 




 Aw man, my cat brought home a baby bunny with its guts hanging out  :-(  was so mad 




 NO WAY is she gonna be able to find clothes that fit.
 




 Also, free babysitting 




 IDK, mine went through to the paypal payment screen. sorry :( 




 Sorry I had to downvote but your comment made me die a little inside. 




 The irony is the people in the prisons are eating better than the people on the streets. 




 Well for examples there are tigers which are endangered because their habitat can't sustain them. 
























