 I actually never use ctrl x. Dunno why, I'm a com sci major too... I use the other two though. 




 Use IE. 




 At my college you can easily talk the cops out of almost anything 




 I kissed myself and I liked it~ 
























 She hits a lot of asian stereotypes, but she sounds pretty narcissistic.

Keep in mind there are many different kinds of narcissism, for example my mother is a shy narcissist... Which is an oxymoron, but I cant describe it any other way.

The worst thing about narcissistic parents is that you need to get away from narcissists but youre supposed to stay close to your parents :/

I wish you luck. 




 Tried to pretend I was straight and cis. Lel. 




 Clownfish. Changing gender to a different one than you were assigned at birth sucks. 




 Lets make a list of evil...

All their Laffy Taffy shall be yellow. Their audio when watching videos shall be .1seconds off. Mosquitoes shall bite them in awkward places. The shaving razor will cut them every time, no matter how careful the are. Nobody will talk to them at parties. Their shuffle shall always land on the same 10 songs. Telemarketers shall call every day. They will always get the 30 second ad on YouTube. AdBlock will not work for them. 500 ms of lag, no matter what. 
























 You are not insane. Get out. Now. I know several people who went through this and it never ends well. 




 This is probably rude, but that's actually so bad I'm impressed. You've got every right to be upset. Remember, narcissists specialize in blaming YOU.

I agree with /u/blizaardvark's advice. 




 Not all therapists are helpful, unfortunately. A lot of them stay in business because N-parents being their kids in then praise them for "helping" when all they do is try to validate the narcissism.

This is stereotypical, but I have found every religious therapist I went to like this. Not a ton of data, but enough for me to avoid them like the plague. 




 My mother gifted my father a new vacuum, and a new smoke alarm. He gifted her a new set of golf clubs for himself later that year.

Im sitting here like wtf.

I was 8 or 9. 
























