 Three minutes later and the kee kee would have a treat and bring it to your feet. It's hard to reward your cat for being a faithful provider when it comes to cute little animals. But such is nature. But I'm glad you saved the lil' guy. 




 Creepy yes. But I'm guessing rural area, deer bait, posed (Sweet ass creepy alien doll) and trail cam. I love this shiez! Upvote! 




 Wow! This brings back some fond memories.
Sat rite next to this one http://www.rubylane.com/item/756627-BWx20x7ex201610/1981-Scary-Stories-To-Tell 




 I love how street view is old timey.
 




 Anyone notice this guys hands are extremely large in accordance with his body size? He could choke a bitch!
 




 Bitcoin has to work! It's time to be truly free everybody. 




 Ha! This made me laugh.
 




 I am 31, our first isp was Prodigy. We had a 14.4 external dial up modem on our 64 mb hd, IBM 386 . When we first logged on I noticed there was a game button on the sweet 16 bit windows 3.1, 12" brilliant 32 color display CRT monitor. Where in the World is Carmen San Diego, the rest is history. Thanks for the memory... Prodigy, I'm getting all nostalgic. But I agree, Bitcoin is here to stay because it is the next big thing. Happy mining. 




 Its /r/wtf because "WTF!?! how did he do that!" 




 Looks like a painting. 




 Oh hellz yeah! I loved these things, and who remembers they didn't skimp on the Puddin'. They filled the whole delicious pie crust cavity with the mutagen ooze. 




 Good for you brother! Keep it up. 




 We hit 87.70 folks! I am the proud owner of some damn spending money in BTC now.
 




 Amen brother! 




 If you squint, it's an Orca Tie-fighter! 




 The audio for this clip is hilarious! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-ogs0EmMMk 




 Steve Slothscemi?
 




 Bruce Campbell? 




 Looks like a Vagina good sir, hence the "Kinda" in NSFW. But thanks for putting me in my place. 




 5th painting is really cool, I dig that Sharon Osbourne wears Converse.
 




 I myself was introduced by a friend very early on about Bitcoin, back when you could mine one BTC in a pool every 2-4 days, unfortunately for me I stopped at 9.35 BTC about 2 years ago. I have updated my wallet and am now worth 437 US dollars :) I will sit on them for some time and watch my 12 dollars spent in electricity grow. 




 Yes, I have done this between 3 different PC's. Or you can find your wallet.dat file and drop it in several thumb drives like I do just to be safe. But I have a few more Bitcoins. Happy Mining :) 




 So I guess her name is "Philipina" ...clap..clap...... Ok I'll leave :/ 




 I mined Bitcoin late 2010 early 2011, I got up to 9.35 BTC then stopped :/. I recently heard a bunch of stuff about it and Found out I have 456 US dollars worth. I'm going to sit on them for awhile, I hear good things. 









 Will Smith's older brother....... Maybe.......
 




 A little like this :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVRPpJQjwMg 




 This is a BadAss picture bro :) it kinda has a Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" feel to it. Good Job! 




 Ha, Family Guy!
 









 Am I the only one who read this with Will Ferrell's voice in my head? 









 KILL IT WITH FIRE!!! 




 Yeah, I see the little guy next to the bench on the lower left of the screen, looking at the camera.
 




 Its Sylvester Stallone. 




 I got him when I was 12, I will miss him very much :( 









 BOOBS :) 




 ET phone home. 




 Happened to me... It stinks, but the only way to get all the plastic off is to turn it on high until it stops smoking :/  (Box fan in kitchen window)
 




 I got one a month or so ago... 1 word (Eeeewwww!) 





























 So this is only effecting the Dwolla us money transfer correct? 




 They are making Nickelodeon Gak! Good Memories. 




 Awe! That's so cute. You just kinda wanna pick him up and put him in your pocket. 




 If its real silver you might have a couple hundred bucks. A nice investment if it was a sleep purchase. 




 Ha, clever. 




 Looks like a bugina! 




 It's cute, you got a lil' skin tomato growing out of you. 




 Fuck that! Dirty, creepy, submerged dolls can can go fuck themselves! 




 Maybe an NSFW tag, there's a-holes out there that will complain. (UPVOTED) 




 More like a, "High on pot pie" 




 Yellow beak, happy now? [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/NqHJspD) 




 Necrotizing Fasciitis, https://www.google.com/search?q=Necrotizing+Fasciitis oe=utf-8 aq=t rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official client=firefox-a um=1 ie=UTF-8 hl=en tbm=isch source=og sa=N tab=wi ei=yKB_UcyAGeTsiwKfsIG4Ag biw=1680 bih=885 sei=yqB_Uav6OOWXiQLW_YGIDw#imgrc=_  See. 




 I'm thinking maybe in the location where this bus is, a rear emergency exit is required by law. These buses aren't cheap so maybe, perhaps, this is cheaper than buying one with exits already installed.  




 Yum! Enough of these and you would be a Fatayass. 




 They are the same chick! (Hands in pockets, head down. Walks away) 




 I forgive you. 




 Looks a little like Hugh Grant. 




 Like any /r/Bitcoin anyone will tell you, If it's going to make you have to move back in to mom and dads if it crashes, don't do it. But if you live at home or have the extra money? Go for it! The latest DDOS attacks and the lack in value drop tell you a little something about the resilience and sheer Spartanism that is Bitcoin. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CpArP7K) 




 Fixed. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CpArP7K) 




    There are no cats in America! And the streets are paved with Cheese!   




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BD0ivRR48Mk 




 I like the huge transactions are, well, Huger? is that a word, I dunno. Just watched a 2000 BTC float by, 238,000 USD at current price. Crazy shits! 




 Pugwenbat... That is all.
 




 This is good, You are a very good artist. Do not think bad of yourself, anyone who can create beauty from sadness is worth a damn. 




 I personally think the curly cue pube stuck on the end of the cap is a nice touch. 




 I work in a frozen foods warehouse and we sell these. I giggled the first time I saw them. 









 ... Day before the crash...... I am le depressed :( 




 I don't know why this doesn't have more up votes, this is funny as Hell! 




 Its all verified folks. I know, I'm secretly Chuck Norris! 




 No! White glasses are for douche bag hipsters! 




 MARKLAR! 




 Dang, You can only get scones here. Crumpets sound delicious!  




 I have le work tomorrow so I have to got to bed. It would be nice to see another 40$ jump. 




 We need the price to go up another 40 bucks! 




 When I worked at Safeway 15 years ago or so, we would have employee parties and there would be way to much food, I'm talking in excess of 5 time to much. Instead of sending leftovers home with employees, or better yet, donating to a local charities. They had us (Courtesy clerks) throw all the food into the trash compactor. I asked my GM why they didn't donate the food or send it home with the employees and he said "If we send it home with you guys that's stealing, If we donate it we make less than writing it off as a loss." Fucked up as far as I am concerned. There's homeless people rite outside of where I worked.... GIVE IT TO THEM DOUCHES! 




 Maybe post /r/atheist ? That circle jerk will get you mui Karma. 




 Dammit buttsophagus, every time I think I get something first.... 




 I am into Bitcoin because I have been poor, don't like it, got a good job, got laid off, couldn't find another one, searched for an equivalent (Or one that paid more than unemployment) and didn't find one. Got re-hired and wish i had been mining for the last 2 1/2 years because I would be able to buy a house now. Hind sight is a bitch! 




 That. Or they are a big "Player" in the game and wanted to spread the word and/or wealth. Just a thought. 




 That's 26k US current BTC price.... I would just die, be dead, kilt myself even. Poor guy. 
























 Very good essay, I was diagnosed with ADHD in my youth, never medicated. I am almost 32 and am thankful I never was medicated. I get a lot of my creativeness from my ADHD. It looks as though your daughter does too. But at the same time I did lousy in school (Frowny face) She should be a writer, She's really good. 




 Such a good book, but so sad. 




 Up voted, But yeah, more Awesome then WTF I'd say. 




 Come on guys, that's just a raisin, it's their "One raisin Only" bread.  




 We get a similar one here in PDX called "Busted" Is it called that in SC? 




 Is it 1987? Or has Stone wash denim come back? 




 I'm old and my feet hurt, Why are we here again? Oh crap, I just pooped! 




 I'm pretty sure that's a spinal column in the bottom right. 




 Or a "Major" in need of a hug. 




 I wonder if he has ever met Saul, you know, Saul of the Mole Men. 




 I almost got the Ammo can case, but went with the CM Storm scout 2 (White), My build is almost complete, getting my 2 Radeon 7870's this Friday. CANT WAIT! 




 Ha ha. 




 No doubt Gypsies, Am I correct? 




 Buy it in smaller amounts from various sources. If you drop a cool Mil in one go and your shit gets Stolen... You make a very happy little Chinese kid who spends his days key logging. 




 We only have the frozen microwave White Castle hamburgers here sadly. Stupid Ol' Portland Oregon! 




 "Urp!" 




 I live in Portland as well, I worked in the famous Hawthorne district. Has anyone seen the Aztec stone Ford tempo wagon? Or the 1000 troll doll car? My favorite was the homeless Rastafarian guy, Nice as hell and never asked for money, only bummed smokes.  




 You know, for some reason I was thinking Washington too, weird. 




 Oh that furry boot! 




 Here's a thought, small earthquakes "tremors" combined with the hard salt flats. Take a rock on your coffee table and turn your cell phone on vibrate ^(Or other vibratey thingy)
 and see what happens. 




 Okay, quick question. How does Bart reach the top of the chalkboard to write the sentences? He's way to short, and I see no stool! 




 Oh Cheesus Crust! 




 Yes what Captain_Generous said. Recipe maybe? Please and thank you. Looks delicious! 




 Why is Robert De Niro spanking this girl? 




 Meth hookers are fun to spot on 82nd. 




 Good ole Portland. This restaurant Gave us lots of laughs in High school. Anyone else here go to Benson? 




 What do you mean "You people" ? 




 The expiration isn't that far off, the date obviously is may ?? 2013. But as RozTron says, "What do you expect when you get apple slices at friggin Wendy's??" I think you'll be ok. 




 Or as happy as the people who have herpes. Have you seen those commercials? Apparently you get to Kayak, go mountain biking, stay at very expensive bed ad breakfast's, and are always beautiful or handsome. My herpes don't do anything like that, they itch. I wish I was as happy as those yogurt eating herpes having lucky SOB'S! 




 Is T "1910" the model year? 




 And here too. We should have a support group for "Ass broken" wooden spoons. 




 This is actually a sign from God that he wants to kill you in the creepiest way possible with other worldly nightmare insects. Just a thought. 




 We get whole trees covered here in Oregon http://oregonstate.edu/dept/nurspest/Images/insects/webworm%20in%20black%20walnut%20thumb.JPG 




 If this photo could speak it would say "Boy lawdy I be some gooood chicken parm suh!" Up voted, looks delicious. 




 His hands are HUGE! 




 Oh man, I love Pandora, all the music and shit. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/59eumlO)
I fixed it! She's actually quite pretty. 




 I own a GEO Metro, earlier model, a 1991, This has always been a fear of mine in an accident. But I would rather drive a 900$ GEO Metro that gets 40 mpg city, 50 highway, than a $25k Prius. And GEO's use only gas not $3k worth of batteries plus gas. 




 They look like Asian pot stickers, but more importantly whats inside? 




 Looks delicious!  




 And leaving University only cost six dollars forty! 




 Sweet! I have the Saitek Cyborg! Awesome keyboard. Mine did not come with a dead snake though. 
























