





























 With a scant six months left until the next Dragon*Con, I have begun working on my costume for this year. My question is this: who else will be cosplaying and what will you be going as? I'm working on a rather convincing Battlestar Galactica uniform, myself. Yes, of course I mean the reimagined series. 












































 I have no idea about this one, guys. I built a playlist on a USB drive (all files are MP3s and have worked on my 360 before) and when I plugged it in today to play New Vegas without having to deal with Johnny Guitar, the music player refused to recognize any of my music files, giving me this error code. I've tried everything the prompt suggests and I've got nothing. Any advice? 



















 I need to know the best Android phone on AT T in a relatively short amount of time, as I just found out I'm getting a new phone and time is of the essence. Help! 


































 Just an idea. It seems that all the colleges in Hall County are closed for the snowpocalypse in Hothlanta, and the highways are likely to be too icy for rural /r/Atlanta subscribers to make it to anything that would go on down there. Are there any Gainesville, Oakwood, or Flowery Branch redditors who would like to have a meetup?  














 [December 2010: Secret Santa picture](http://i.imgur.com/mfdff.png?1291)

[Somewhat recently, can't remember to save my life. It's my Skype ID.](http://i.imgur.com/b6T0e.png)

Yes, I am aware that I like fedoras. Remember, pull no punches. What do I need to fix? 




 Well, rally it's just one problem. My giftee has confirmed receipt of their gift, and I've confirmed receipt of mine. I still haven't gotten my award, though. Is there a date at which they're sent out or something?

Sorry if this is a noobish question. 




 Dear Reddit,

This was a difficult year for me. I had a surgery and spent months in recovery. However, through it all I had Reddit - a fun site suggested to be by one of my best friends a few months prior. This year would have been a nightmare without the fantastic community and amusing links that this site has to offer. 

As we head into 2011, I can only hope that every Redditor has a wonderful year and the best of fortune and health. So thanks again, Reddit. You're the top!

-train_subject1458 
























 There was a video submitted here not too long ago and I seem to have lost it, g-ents. It involved an old man - referred to henceforth as Weed Veteran - informing the public about the joys of cannabis. Now the time has come to share Weed Veteran with my friends but, as mentioned earlier, I can't find it! Can anybody help me? 














 There is more awesome in a box than I've ever received in my life. Gifts include...

[BAGELS](http://i.imgur.com/hLnYZ.png?2439)

[Cthulhu plush](http://i.imgur.com/mfdff.png?3397)

[The Legendary Lost Bathroom Reader](http://i.imgur.com/eqcBK.png?9955) (I had several of these books as a kid and loved them. What a coincidence!)

[An impossible crossword revealing the identity of my Santa and
a thank you note detailing how I got him to buy Super Meat Boy](http://i.imgur.com/DcQ1B.png?4054)

USB Drive of awesome (with impossibly great music and stencils and such onnit.)

LED light thingy.

Last, and perhaps greatest of all - [A WHOLE WEEKEND OF DRAGONCON, THE GREATEST CONVENTION EVER.](http://i.imgur.com/FSgoV.png?1072)

All this within an intricately designed box that has been eagerly awaited after my first Reddit secret santa experience. (Easily the most fun I've had with a secret santa!)

Thanks again, Santa! I'll solve your puzzle eventually!

EDIT: I did not realize that this music on the USB was original! Upon finding the README note, however, I have decided to point this out. Great stuff, SS!

EDIT2: Identity uncovered! All thanks go to [Mrpaulmanton!](http://www.reddit.com/user/Mrpaulmanton/) 






























































































 I think it would be great to have a meetup of Redditors in Georgia, especially given that we're such a red state that it can sometimes be difficult to find like-minded people.  


































 That's the question folks. If, per chance, you believe homeopathy DOES work, I'd love to hear how.

For disclosure's sake, I do not believe in it. 




 It was yet another great con, huh? I do hope more redditors find this subreddit and next year we can plan something awesome. 









 Greetings Reddit. It's story time. 

A few months ago, I had a fairly complicated surgery that required an extensive recovery. I persevered, however; by maintaining that I would be able to go to Dragoncon, my absolute most favourite convention ever, and room with a woman whom I absolutely adore and hang out with some great friends. I pinned all of my hopes during recovery on enjoying four days in the heart of Atlanta in a state of constant nerdgasm. This was not to be.

Tonight, at the close of the first day of the convention, I have gotten ill and must return home. I feel absolutely horrible and I needed to vent. Thanks for reading, Reddit. I don't give a shit how you vote, I just want to know if anyone else has dealt with shit like this lately. I know it isn't the biggest thing in the world to lose sleep over, but this is literally the sole thing that kept me even mildy sane over the past few months. 



















 Who's going, what are you going as, and where should the redditors meet? For what it's worth, I'll be the Soviet amputee roaming around the con. Shouldn't be too common a costume. I don't think.

EDIT: Since no one has proposed a Reddit meeting place, may I propose the lobby of the Hyatt Regency on Saturday at some point to be agreed upon?

EDIT 2: As Ketchupgoddess pointed out, "There is already a Reddit/Fark meetup scheduled for the main lobby of the Hilton on Saturday at 1 pm." Be there or else! 









 As the title says, I enjoy Russian music of the Soviet period. While I do not identify as a Communist, I think their aesthetics and music were impressive and, while shallow and transparent; are certainly more pleasing than the rubbish on the radio these days. Ask me anything! 





























 I've been having an issue with my WASR 10. I got it yesterday as a get well present from my father, and I have yet to shoot it. It's brand new, sealed in box. My problem is that the military issue double stack magazine it comes with is a tight fit into the receiver. 

If it helps, this is a GP, no ban WASR-10, so it's not like I have to use single stack mags or anything. I can tell, based on the 'arrow in triangle' stamp on the receiver, that this rifle is made from former military parts. It also came with the Tapco G2 trigger group installed.

Other than this mag problem (which doesn't completely prevent me from inserting the mag, it just makes it an annoyance) I love the thing and can't wait to get well enough to shoot it. 



























































 So, I decided to be the pro-gun guy in a thread in the general reddit. This is, of course, a terrible idea, but I felt it was warranted. Now, people are downvoting me without even bothering to engage me in a serious debate about firearms. Could someone comment and at least make it appear as if I'm not some lone gun freak?

[Here is the comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/caste/shooting_spree_in_uk_leaves_12_dead/c0ra6vr)

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who has upvoted, but a serious debate on the effectiveness of British gun laws has yet to arise. The karma was not my issue. My problem with the post lay in the lack of discussion.  














 Does anyone here know the lyrics to Adrian Rollini's song "Sweet Madness?" It was recorded, I think, some time in the 1920's-1930's and the song is firmly stuck in my head. I know it to be completely distinct from the Ari Koivunen and Joyce Collins songs, if that helps at all. 



















 Age: 20

Sex: Male

Location : Due to ongoing arguments with the alleged "Church" of Scientology, I will go no further than stating Georgia.

Occupation : Student

Hobbies/Interests : Science, science fiction, the Internet, old jazz, literature, anime, firearms, and gaming.

What websites do you find most useful : Well, Reddit of course. I also frequent wikipedia and (until my friends leave it) Facebook.

Favourite music/movies: I'm really into the Ink Spots right now, and my favourite film of all time might be Hitchcock's Notorious. I also enjoy early George Lucas and, more modern, I liked The Invention of Lying.

Nature of your disability: Spina Bifida of the L2 vertibrae. Right leg amputation. Solitary kidney. Fortuitously, I lived far in excess of the doctors' original estimations and didn't have to have any form of potentially brain damaging fluid shunts which are so common with my condition.

Were you born disabled: Yes.

Has disability had an impact on your spiritual life, if you have one: I am an atheist. I don't think it has anything to do with my disability, I just don't find the Judeo-Christian concept of an omnipotent, omniscient *AND* loving god to be at all logical.

Are you easily offended by disability jokes : Offended? Ha! I make them all the time!

How active are you in the disabled community: This is my first real activity in the community.

How do you deal with getting more attention than the rest of your family: I just do. I mean, no one is bothered about it, even when I ask. Either they're great liars or they don't care. If they don't care, why should I?

Do you ever have dreams where you aren't disabled at all: Not really. I think it's because I've always been disabled.

Have you ever damaged someone who was trying to help you: Yes, but I'd rather remain private on that one if suits everyone just fine.

Tell us about the time you most shameless exploited your disability to get something: Every year, I go to dragoncon - a regional sci-fi convention. Now, the able bodied amongst us have to wait for hours on line to get their tickets. Me? I take my friends straight through admissions with my mighty feeb powers!

How do you cope with well-meaning idiots: Grin and bare it. After all, they're trying, aren't they? That's better than apathy or outright hatred.

What is your most-developed talent: My writing. I used to play trumpet, but I've fallen out of practice.

What would you like the people around you to do differently: Nothing, really. I mean, nobody really treats me like I'm disabled, so I don't care. Sure, strangers try to be polite and hold doors for me, but I think it could be much worse.

Best piece of advice you can pass on: Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.

I hope that my filling this out will encourage any lurkers to tell their stories. We, the mods, have set up this questionnaire for the benefit of this subreddit and its users, and we hope that you all enjoy it. 




 I was born with Spina-Bifida, fairly minor, though I am confined to a chair. I also have severe scoliosis which resulted in one of my kidneys failing to form. Further complications meant that I later lost my leg (not that it was really an issue, as the leg refused to respond to any nerve stimuli) when I was 5.

Anyway, I was quite fortunate in that I didn't have to have a shunt performed and I never required too much care or assistance. I am also fortunate in that I am self sufficient and that having no use in my legs has given me pretty good upper body strength. Anyway, that's the extent of my disability - for all of its pros and cons. Has anyone got anything similar? 




 Based on an idea in an AMA, I've created a subreddit for disabled redditors to talk about themselves. I call it Oddly Normal, and I hope it serves the community well.

http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlynormal/ 




 Based on an idea in an AMA, I've created a subreddit for disabled redditors to talk about themselves. I call it Oddly Normal, and I hope it serves the community well.


http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlynormal/ 




 Is anyone here good with graphic design? I've got photoshop, but I'm not too good with it. 




 I need some more things to do in the greatest game ever made. I am also looking for exceptionally high quality addons. 












































 So, I have the McAfee virus package and I think that it's responsible for my browsers not working. Steam and Skype seem to work just fine, but Chrome and Firefox will only function intermittently. What do I do about this? 



















 Go ahead, ask away! 










































































 I, for one, would love this feature. A redditor could block users who spam post a lot and could also do away with users whose posts they find bland and uninteresting.  




 I am 19, live in the Deep South, am a sworn enemy of Scientology and have only one leg... and it doesn't work! I'm generally pretty upbeat about life, am getting my degree and am now here to answer the insatiable curiosity of Reddit.

EDIT: Thanks for all of the questions! I'm really glad I did this. 







































 I'm at wit's end, reddit. I really like her, I'm not sure, as I've never cared for anyone so deeply, but I think I even love her. She said she wanted someone more serious, willing for marriage and to have a child. I would have done this for her, but alas, I could not keep the relationship. Is there any way to fix this? Or have I lost this forever? I need help, here. 




 I think a little bit of background may be necessary. In fact, I know it is necessary, as only like one guy on here knows me IRL. 

So, I am 19 and due to the positively shite economy, I live with my parents. My parents always get to the mail due to the fact that I am in a wheelchair. Normally, a harmless (if suffocating) arrangement. 
Now, the last time my parents found out I had a girlfriend, they were extraordinarily happy. Not the sort of happy that's fun, either. The sort where they throw fits and constantly interrogate you as to the location of the apple of your eye, the object of your desires, she who hung the moon for you. To go through this again, dear Reddit, is an unacceptable proposition.

I had gone to dragoncon with the last girl I dated, and we both decided to keep it professional. We're friends, we decided, nothing more. Soon after, a good friend from high school decided to ask me out. She is extremely pretty and has always been extremely kind to me. I would be most foolish to decline. The issue is, however, her mother is the extremely controlling sort who speaks little English and insists that her daughter not date, so I rarely get to see her. 

NOW, the point. For Christmas, she decided to mail me my present. For all I know, it could be something extraordinarily embarrassing that could only be from a girlfriend. If my parents discover this, I would have to have yet another relationship out in the open. It's not like I'm ashamed or anything, all my friends know. 

Anyway, I beseech thee, Reddit. What should I do!?

EDIT: I am abundantly aware of my affinity for the comma and my propensity towards run-on sentences. I also have pictures of both of us, should you need them.

ANOTHER EDIT: Wow, you guys are great. I was expecting this to languish for days without any reply. Imagine my surprise to find so much advice so quickly!

STILL ANOTHER EDIT: Pics were requested.

ME: http://imgur.com/gDhBX Sorry, but it's a couple of months old and my most recent. My camera's been a bit shit lately. I'm the one in the pic who isn't Malcolm McDowell.


RESULT: Due to the wise council of my fellow redditors, I have decided to man up and just put it on the table. I shall tell them and get it over with whilst informing them that they have a tendency to be rather annoying in their querying. I thank you all very much for your input.
 



















 I mean, really. This is ridiculous. I come to reddit to read about things that matter. Tangible, real things. Not some rich athlete smashing his expensive SUV. That doesn't affect me or the real world. It is not legitimate news. It is a product of our celebrity obsessed culture and a symptom of society's degradation. I expect this to get downvoted. Let it come.

EDIT: Obvious exception to this post. Although, ideally I'd like to not even have to make it. 




 Can we just cringe at the fact that it was made into a movie, shut up about it, and move on with our lives? Bram Stoker's rolling in his grave as it is, guys. This is simply ludicrous. That is all. 




 Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/scientology/comments/9p8eo/scientology_may_be_opening_in_my_county_how_can_i/

The happy news is that the building permit was denied. Fliers were handed out in my community detailing the crimes of the cult, letters were written to the county council members, and members of the appropriate city councils. I had other (legal) tactics for each step of the construction should it have come to that, but thankfully they were stopped. I and my friends in the area remain vigilant, but for now my county is free of the cult's taint and we can all breathe a little easier around here. 

I would like to thank my fellow redditors as well as the whyweprotest and Chanology forums for all of their help. We have won this battle, and the war shall be ours! 




 This is just a poll I made, nothing more, nothing less. I'm trying to solve the ages old debate... 




 I just don't get it. Our government has been running out of control for years, regardless of who's in charge. Congress is beholden to the issues of companies, not the needs of the citizenry. No matter which party we have, it gets worse each year. 

Meanwhile, our culture is degrading at an alarming rate. Music is nowhere near as classy as it once was, movies are becoming unwatchable by and large, and modern literature is often better used as firewood. No longer are virtues such as loyalty and love extolled by the media, no no. Now It's all about who can fuck more or make more money, and having an intellect makes you almost a target for ridicule. Furthermore, the gullibility of society is increasing, fundamental religions are gaining headway, even cults such as scientology are reporting increased membership.

Tell me, what hope is there for the species? Would I feel so depressed about this if I lived in Europe or something? Help!

Sorry if I rambled, I just wanted to get this off my chest. Thanks for your patience, if you made it through this. 




 The Cult, I have heard, is considering opening a branch near where I live. (I cannot say exactly where, I want to avoid Fair Game after all.) I want a legal way to oppose them. I've considered writing members of the local government and detailing Fair Game, Snow White, Freakout, et al. and this seems to be my only real option.

 I've also heard that Scilons shut down personality tests if you flash a Guy Fawkes Mask (USEFUL!) and thankfully, masked protest is legal here. I feel as if I'm up against a corner here. I love my hometown, I don't want it to suffer under Scientology. I need all the help I can get in this matter. I don't care what people believe, but Scientology is, as an organisation, pure unadulterated evil. HELP, REDDIT!


EDIT: Thank you, everyone, for your advice. This is all very helpful. Keep it coming, friends! If I am successful in this, I hope to organise. Perhaps I can make a page, telling people how to keep the cult from integrating into their hometowns. It is my hope that eventually, through efforts similar to mine, we can stop the spread of this cult. It's a lofty goal, but hey, it can't hurt to try right? Unless I get SP'd.

EDIT: Co$ was denied a building permit. This is a joyous time! 




 It's just... the whole site seems to have a rather anti-US military stance. Has anyone ever considered what would happen if we hadn't bailed out the world in WWII? Or if we hadn't collapsed the Soviets? Or if we weren't cleaning up the terrorist filth? It's ugly work, and the methods are somewhat cruel, but the ends justify the means. Always.

As I await the inevitable shitstorm that is to follow my comparatively radical world view, I ask you to consider a world where the Nazis won WWII, where the Soviet Union never collapsed or perhaps a world where Islamic Fascism reigns supreme and everyone is subject to Shari'a law. Imagine a world without the US military and it's means and methods... It's not pleasant. You need us, world. More than you could possibly know.

Thank you for your time.  
























 I'm not sure if this is the place for this, but about a month or so ago, my brother's girlfriend broke up with him. Ever since, he's taken it incredibly hard. He's utterly inconsolable and it seems no one can really get through to him. 

I've tried chatting with him about it, having had my share of lady troubles in the past, but it's no good. He had once confided in me while they were still together that he saw them as being quite serious. I played it off as him being a high-schooler and thus given to such fancies, but it's obvious that he cared deeply for her. 

I don't want him to continue being so depressed, Reddit, as he's exceptionally bright, his terrific grades have begun to falter somewhat, and he's got a full ride scholarship that I fear he may be jeopardizing. 

Help me get my brother through this, guys. 




 A few months ago, it was not uncommon to be able to find Makarovs at J G, Cheaper Than Dirt and others for sale at a fair price but now I can't seem to find them. What happened, gunnit? 












































 For me, it has to be 922r. What practical purpose could it serve to limit the amount of foreign parts you have on an arbitrarily defined "assault weapon?" I think the rationale is to prevent the importation of military style weapons, but there are a plethora of US made parts that render this purpose moot. It's absolutely retarded. 

Does anyone else agree or can you come up with a worse law? 





























 I don't even have much idea as to where to start with this, but I suppose I can just ask my questions here and hope for answers.

1. Are there any other Communists in this general region?

     a. Are there any Communist organizations in Georgia?
   
     b. Are there any [/r/Communism](/r/Communism) readers in the state? 


2. What is the best way to spread Communist ideas in such a traditionally anti-Communist region?

3. What is the best way for one in such a politically isolated area to contribute to the cause of the Proletariat? 

4. Finally, is there any suggested reading for someone in this dicey political climate? 

Thank you for your time and consideration, comrades. 
























 An e-gift card to Papa Johns can go a long way and I now have food for the rest of the month thanks to my generous benefactor. 

Thanks to a current deal, [I got three medium pizzas and a 2-liter of Dr Pepper.](http://i.imgur.com/UyoVO.jpg) I fully intend to pay this forward once I get my pay on the 1st of next month. So from the bottom of my heart, thanks Fapocalypse_Now.


Doo doo butter. 



































































































 I consider myself a liberal and I have for quite some time. The Left's advocacy for egalitarian treatment for all, social services and better living conditions while advancing human rights is just common sense, to me, and the Left seems to be the only end of the spectrum concerning itself with these noble goals.

However, I have noticed that the one right that progressives by and large tend to ignore is firearm rights. So, my question, being a left winger who is also a firearms enthusiast, is this: why are so many progressives anti-gun? Aren't firearms the last line of defense people have against their government? 







































 I'm looking for a job for my fiancee. We're willing to move absolutely anywhere and could really use the job. She has a four year degree from UC Berkeley in Molecular and Cellular Biology and can happily furnish details on demand.  



















 Hi, /r/Atlantans! I'm engaged but in a long distance relationship and next month, my lovely fiancee is coming to Atlanta. I myself try to get to Atlanta every chance I get, but I am not in town often enough to know any of the good restaurants to which I could treat her and I don't know which ones would be accessible for my wheelchair. Further, we are somewhat strapped for cash as college is very expensive and most of our spare funds are spent on airfare whenever we can get it.

Therefore, I would like /r/Atlanta's advice. What would be an accessible and reasonably priced, yet delicious and memorable dining experience to which I could treat my beloved? 

BONUS: You might remember us if you went to the Dragoncon meetup. We were [these](http://i.imgur.com/YynFY.jpg) people. 









 I'm in a wheelchair and there don't appear to be many couples' cosplays involving wheelchairs. Does anyone have any suggestions?  
































































 Basically, I'm asking for volunteers. I have successfully mapped from the end of the blue line to my village Leningrad and would like volunteers to help me make it a bona-fide road. Any takers? 




 In the process of ghetto rigging it, I totally felt like the Doctor; especially once it pinged back on. I think I may be watching too much. 









 With the recent transgressions against the peaceful protests, the brutality of the corporate police and the unwillingness of OWS moderators to allow discussion of anything but the most bleeding hearted pacifism, I think a new platform is needed to discuss - purely hypothetically and without any limitation - how we should proceed if the peaceful protesters continue to be ground into the dirt by police. 

Sure, it's just Atlanta and Oakland now, but what next? Do you really think Bloomberg will let the protesters stay on Wall Street for long? I do not advocate violence, but surely we've enough freedom left in this country to spread the word that we don't have to be docile little bitches for our corporate lords, right? 



















 My fiancee and I just watched [The Fantastic Four](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omKd_bUQlXo) - the 1994 unreleased film - and it was the most hilarious thing we've seen in quite some time. Do you guys have any truly awful films, and does anyone else like to do this? 

















































 I don't even know if this is the right place to ask this, but I was wondering if anybody in the area would like to buy my old Soviet Army uniform. 

It's in perfectly good shape, but I've got bills to pay and I bought it at a point where, well... I didn't have bills to pay. It's of 1980s vintage and hasn't been worn since the Communications Bureau in Ukraine divested itself of it.

Pics below

[Front](http://i.imgur.com/QUr12.jpg)

[Sleeve](http://i.imgur.com/Zcumv.jpg)

[Liner info](http://i.imgur.com/ouXFT.jpg)

It includes the jacket and pants. The jacket is sized 51 centimeters at the chest and the pants have no sizing information, but should fit anyone who can fit into the jacket. I am selling it for $125, but the price is negotiable. Let me know if you're interested!
 












































 So, I'm disabled: a through the knee amputation that requires me to use a wheelchair. Here's the kicker, though: I love urban exploration and have always wanted to give it a try. However, abandoned buildings tend not to have working elevators and since they're generally very old, they almost always lack ramps where they're needed. So my question is this: can anyone think of a way to go urban exploring while in a wheelchair? 

Miscellaneous, helpful information: I am fairly mobile outside of my chair, though it's restricted to crawling and that's not wise in crumbling ruins, and my chair is manual so I don't have to charge it or anything. 

I know this is an unusual question and I'm honestly not expecting a miracle here, but if anyone has any information at all, I'd consider it a boon. Thanks for reading! 









 I've not really posted here much, but my fiance has; so bear with me if you don't mind. 

As you are all, I'm sure, acutely aware; the night is the absolute worst time of day to be missing your lover. It isn't so bad during the day, because I can text or call her and she texts and calls me. At night, though, as I try to sleep, I feel her absence very keenly - as though a part of me were missing. After noticing we were both on Google+, I texted her and we chatted for a while on Skype and she missed me as horribly as I missed her. This is a common course of events.

I want to know, /r/LongDistance, if you have any tips to alleviate our longing for each other. Is there anything we can do or - perhaps - send each other to make our beds feel less empty at night?  









 I don't know if this is related to Minecraft.net or a problem on my machine, but this morning, the launcher wouldn't let me login. I shrugged it off and waited a few hours until noon. I tried again and the same thing happened. It is now 18:29 and I have tried for a third time, to no avail. I've already updated Java so I don't see what else the issue could be. Any tips?

**EDIT: PROBLEM RESOLVED** Downloading the new launcher has fixed everything.  





























 We were the obnoxious making out couple at the meetup. I was dressed as Adama and in a wheelchair while she was the sexy lady in my lap. 

Our camera was awful and we only got a few pictures, but I kinda wish we had more pics of the convention, so if anyone wants to help me find pictures of ourselves, I would appreciate it. She didn't cosplay, but I did on Friday and Saturday as an East German soldier and Commander Adama respectively. If you can help, I'll thank you forever! 




 Just an idea I had thought of for this subreddit. Feel free to shoot it down, but I'm in Con Drop mode so hear me out. 

What if we had flair for this subreddit and it was what we want to cosplay next year? Reactions: go!  









 Anyone want another meetup tomorrow? My fiance and I had fun.

EDIT: FUCK IT, I MADE ONE.

6PM SUNDAY
Marriott, 10th floor lounge. Be there or you hate reddit and might end up getting robbed by Andy Warhol's ghost.

Trufax. 














 Now I can't get back to sleep. :( 



















 I'm getting into town on Thursday and I was wondering if anyone else had anything planned for Thursday evening. A lot of my friends won't get in til Friday, so I was thinking it might be a good idea to see what my fellow Reddit congoers are doing. 




 I have noticed, when looking at pictures of countries outside of North America and Western Europe that there seems to be no care given to public access for disabled people. I am very curious as to why this is the case, as at some point in the future I would love to travel. 

I know this is a very broad and general question, but it seems like if the United States - as backwards as we are in accommodating those outside the mainstream - can make laws mandating access for handicapped persons, other countries might do the same. I would love to hear what anyone might have to say on the matter. 
























 There was a picture that was presented twice, the first time being pirates storming a ship with something to the effect of "We're here for yer booty." And the words: How most people view piracy.

The image was again repeated, the second time saying something like "How it really is" with the pirate captain stating "We be here to make copies of all yer cargo." Of note was a toothless pirate scab saying something to the effect of "Where be the amputee porn?" Or something. Anyone got this?

SOLVED BY THE RENWALLZ. THANKS, THE RENWALLZ. 
















































































































































 I was there last Friday celebrating my birthday and I have got to know... How on Earth did it take me this long to go there? That was so awesome. Are there any other Lips fans on /r/reddit? 

















































 The wildlife can be imported directly from Australia. 














 The survivors can design the memorial. 




 We all know the cinematic tropes in cinema for the various accents of the world as expressed by Hollywood films. However, as somebody who hasn't experienced as much foreign cinema as he'd like, I'd love to pose a question to you, non-Americans of Reddit. How are the various accents of the United States (Southeastern, Boston, Californian, et al) portrayed in the culture of your country?  









 Also, ants can carry them off in the night. 





























 I've long been of the belief that cat declawing is an awful thing to do to the animals. The bulk of evidence I've seen seems to agree with this point of view, and it's been gaining a lot of supporters as of late.

HOWEVER: it would seem as though the American Veterinary Medical Association and several other reputable veterinary groups disagree with this assertion. While I tend to agree with scientific and medical establishments, there's no doubt that there's money to be made on declawing, so it seems as though they've got something at stake here. Add to that that the American anti-declawing movement originated in hippy-esque circles which aren't really known for their adherence to science, and I have doubts. 

I was wondering where the skeptic community falls on this issue and if there were any resources out there that might make a case for declawing not being harmful. 









 Vote You in 207^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4^4. 



















 Okay, so this is a long shot, but there was an incredibly catchy music video played at the beginning of the Dub Your Own Hentai track with surprisingly high production values and showing surprisingly little in the way of nudity. Does anyone happen to have it? 




 So they've been handing out those buttons for free Momocon passes if you should happen to find your match. Why not have a Reddit thread to try to find our opposites?

I'll start. Mine is 624 
























 As a disabled man, getting around the con is somewhat difficult. I feel that having a room in a host hotel would alleviate this to a degree, but no matter how early I check, they seem to be booked up. What's the most reliable way of getting a room at one of the big five? 









 This is going to be big, people. 







































 Until the 80s, the US had been a leading participant in the World's Fairs, and many of those held on US soil have become regional and national cultural touchstones. Why has the US seemingly dropped all involvement in World's Fairs? 




 They're both about evil shadowy groups of supernatural baddies conspiring to take over humanity and they both have persistent screen captions as an integral, tangible part of the universe. Fringe is simply Kill la Kill's Boston.

Karma, plz. 














 It doesn't make sense to me. The best I can figure is that COMPNOR needed an enemy for the widespread human majority to hate and aliens were a convenient target.  









 It may be due to the rose colored fog of nostalgia pervading the game, but for me, Metal Gear Solid's music just felt so much more atmospheric and evocative than the music in Metal Gear Solid 2 and its' successors. It could just be due to how much I fell in love with the game, but MGS1's duel music and cutscene music just stuck with me so much more. Am I alone in this assessment? I get that it's all completely down to taste and there are no wrong answers, but I'm dying to know how everyone else feels about this. 









 In the BioShock series, the city of Rapture is shown to be an astounding testament to mankind's technical expertise and the tenacity of the "utopian" vision of Andrew Ryan.

In the viral game Something in the Sea, we are shown that the initial construction of Rapture (with stage I being completed in late 1946) is financed by shell companies such as Warden Yarn who buy large quantities of materiel from Scarlet Sovereign with these contracts then being reneged upon receipt of the raw materials. 

This presents a problem, however. With Ryan disappeared to Rapture and his shell companies on the surface surely made pariahs by his lack of payment on large contracts, he was surely cut off from receiving raw materials from sources on the surface. However, we're told that Rapture continued to expand until 1951. This surely would have required a vast amount of material well in excess of the sums we're shown in the Scarlet Sovereign receipts. Further, any civic planner worth a damn would have a setup for procuring additional materials for repairs and expansion to keep pace with population growth.

Now, as we're not shown any sort of method by which Rapture can quarry stone or mine ores and the trees in Arcadia are surely insufficient for providing lumber in addition to oxygenating the city, I've got to wonder: where did the additional raw materials for Raptures maintenance and expansion come from?  




 Everyone stopped moving and it's just really annoying and inconvenient.  









 I know that Cerberus owns many front organizations and cover businesses and was originally a branch of Alliance intelligence, but how do they possibly have the dosh to acquire and cultivate all of their scientific and military talent? How do they finance their fleets of warships and dropships and improbable androids with complex smart AI? 

Inquiring minds demand answers! 









 I'm going to momocon for the first time on Saturday, and I'm curious as to whether or not they have a disability services booth or something similar as Dragoncon has. As a guy in a wheelchair, the disability services badges have always been a huge help in letting me enjoy panels, and I'm hoping momocon has something similar. However, I couldn't find it on their website. 




 Additionally, how is Lenin viewed in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, the Ukraine, the Baltic states and other former Soviet republics? 














 4484-9758-4226, if'n you're interested.  









 Wat do? 




 My girlfriend and I are looking for rooms as we were bumped from our previously arranged accommodations. We'd prefer something close and for some privacy, both because I'm in a wheelchair. What are our chances of finding something this late? 




 I have a tremendous fondness for 9x18mm and the general idea of compact-ish combloc pistols really holds a dear place in my heart and in my hands. However, no gun store or pawn shop seems to have them and I prefer to avoid dealing with online purchases - even though they seem to lack these pistols as well. 

And so, I turn to /r/gunsforsale. I would like to offer some delicious leafy green cashy money to anybody in the Gainesville, GA area who might be willing to sell me one of these weapons. I am highly negotiable on prices, and I can start at $120 for a PA-63. More for a Makarov PM or CZ-82. I also have a genuine Soviet Tokarev without importer stamps that I could be persuaded to trade, if you prefer. 

Shoot me a reply if you're interested! 









 I am currently unemployed and in the Atlanta area - just north of the city, OTP, and I'm looking for work. On the writing front, I've written gaming reviews and articles for massvio.com and gamegeex.com, as well as reams of unpublished poetry and short form fiction. I'll write just about anything, really, though articles are my forte.

As for voice acting, I'm just breaking into it though I have - as a matter of curiosity - received some informal coaching and advice on the matter from Mike Dowling, audio lead at Obsidian Entertainment. 

Really, I'm willing to do anything else that pays as long as it isn't too physical, as I'm a paraplegic amputee. However I am much more capable than most people would think. Don't be shy, drop me a PM!

I'd put my resume here, but I haven't got any prior work history beyond my writing and I tend to keep my portfolio closed to all but serious enquirers. I assure you, however, that I am highly qualified for a wide variety of tasks. Should you chose to grant me some form of interview, I promise you'll come away from the experience quite impressed. Of this, you can rest assured. 









 Effective immediately, we're initiating new subreddit rules. To verify your age, we'll need a credit-card number, expiration date, and security code. Simply post it below. Don't worry, as our custom code will automatically block out the numbers. It's easy! Watch me post mine!

****************
**/**
***

And there we go! I'm now confirmed as being over 18 and suitably unsispicious to trust here. Lucky me! 














 Do we do trading in this subreddit? I have a ton of Soviet Cold War militaria in storage (that I intend to get pictures of as soon as I can get to it) that I'd love to let circulate. I've held on to them for quite some time and I have quite a few duplicates.

Two sets of Soviet uniform pants and jacket - one enlisted, one officer's.

A Soviet pilotka cap.

A Soviet militsiya visor cap.

Several medals and miscellaneous objects that I need to inventory.

An East German helmet, field jacket, and AK magazine pouch.

And more! If you're curious, ask me as to what all I have and what I'm willing to trade. 














 I like to take a light touch with management in regards to this place, but people have been complaining about the "childhood fears" trend ruining the overall quality of the place. I will begin treating as we do copypasta and removing it while referring the posters of such submissions to relevant subreddits. Thank you all for your cooperation. If this policy is unwelcome, please voice your opinions below. I can always undo this if people want the childhood crap to stay, but I personally agree with the complaints and find them well grounded.  



















 December 26 and we can put the LD out of our R! She won't be here in time for Christmas, but I really don't care in the slightest. After a year and a half of being at opposite ends of the United States, she's finally moving here. I just wanted to share my elation with you all.

EDIT: A big thanks to everyone congratulating us. I hope our success can inspire you all to stick in there for as long as it takes. I know we weren't as far apart or as long separated as many of you, but it's still a relief that she'll be coming home at last.

EDIT 2: It got bumped up a day. I just ordered tickets... AND SHE'LL BE HERE FOR CHRISTMAS! SO MUCH HAPPY. 









 In 1863, the Union Army of the Potomac under Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker and Maj. Gen. George G. Meade is routed at Gettysburg, dissolving in a disorganized retreat from Confederate military forces under General Robert E. Lee after a decisive Confederate cavalry raid by General JEB Stuart breaks the Union forces in the area. 

With the road to Washington wide open, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States of America, signs the Confederate drafted Instrument of Surrender which recognizes the right of the Confederate States of America to exist and protects the legal right of states to leave the Union as they so choose. Over night, Confederate governments spring up in the border states and the economic and military power of the United States slides slowly into irrelevance. After several decades of Union losses and Confederate gains in the West and in the Caribbean and Mexico, the Confederacy enters the 20th century as the dominant power in North America.

In the 1930s, the South falls on hard economic times as the world plunges into the Great Depression. The South's former slaves, freed by act of President Gustave Tutant Beauregard in 1917 in reaction to fears of reaction by anarchist radicals, are still horribly oppressed and are now denied even the meager wages of the sharecropping farms that have gone under in reaction to decreased demand from factories in Europe and the border states of the Confederacy. Uniting with prominent Southern Communists and dissatisfied veterans of the Confederate actions against Mexico in World War I, they march on Richmond and seize the capitol, executing President Thomas Hardwick and installing a vanguard party, headed by a Stalinst strongman to oversee the Confederacy. 

On 5, May 1932, The Confederate States are reorganized into The Soviet Confederacy of America; a Workers' state in direct alliance with the Soviet Union. All they need now... is a flag.

tl;dr - supposing in an alternate history, the Confederacy stuck around long enough to be overthrown by commies. What would their flag look like?


I've always loved the symbolism of Communist countries and the Confederate States of America. Had I an eye for design and a better computer, I'd puzzle out what this flag might look like myself. I don't. What I do have, though, is imagination. With this short, plothole riddled alternate history yarn, I hope that /r/vexillology can whip up a flag that would bring this improbable nation more vividly into the imagination. Thanks! 





























 In the 2005 film adaptation, I believe the original intent of the book has been altered somewhat. When we first see a tripod, a tremendous noise is heard emanating from its carapace. I believe this to be the flatulence of the alien pilots, who have left their homeworld to pass wind in order to be polite. I have evidence to back up my theory.

1. The plants: these aren't for terraforming, as one might think. The aliens just have bad hygeine and the mushrooms that grow in their bathrooms left spores that follow them to Earth.

2. The fact that everyone is screaming and running away. I don't know about you, but I'd love to hang out with a giant alien robot... unless it was farting.

My final evidence is the most important fact on which this theory hinges. At the end, all the tripods collapse and the aliens within fall out and die. To me, this clearly shows that their own fumes were so noxious that it killed them.

I'll take my internet points, now. 









 With this new subreddit, I must personally confess that I don't know as much about Leninist theory as I'd like to. While I'm researching, the fact is that in the meantime I will need dedicated mods who are well versed in the writings of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, and V. I. Lenin to help me in running this subreddit. 

If this describes you, or if you have CSS experience and can help us design a decent page, I'd greatly appreciate your input. Apply below for modhood, comrades, and help us move the discussion forward. 




 New subscriber here, come from a fit of nostalgia that got me back into the franchise as of late. One thing I've always found appealing about the series was the soundtrack, especially in the original Metal Gear Solid.

My question here is this, though. Why did TAPPY stop handling the soundtracks? To me, the music contributed to a sense of atmosphere that none of the subsequent games could ever recapture, even when MGS4 [revisited Shadow Moses Island](/spoiler). Was a reason ever given for this or is it left as mysterious as the exclusion of the FAMAS from subsequent games? 

Again, Harry Gregson-Williams was just fine but his music made the latter games feel somewhat disconnected from the first Metal Gear Solid. It's nothing against him, he's just not TAPPY. 
























 I'm typing this on my phone, so please bare with me.

Recently, my laptop died. It had been the only way my fiance and I had of seeing each other and now that she's gone back to college, We now have no way of going to sleep together and it's really wearing on us. 

My question to you, /r/longdistance, is what you would regard as the least expensive device that can run Skype from a bed. Tablets and netbooks are in play, but not smartphones as my contract isn't up for some time. Advice? 




 In ten short - yet oh so long - hours my SO will be here in Atlanta from Berkeley. All the excite, my fellow LDR-ers. ALL THE EXCITE. 



















 Seriously. I haven't been smoking for long. I only discovered it at 21 and it's a year later but you guys have made it the best thing I've ever gotten into. So here's a self telling you guys you rock and spreading the good cheer. Peace, ents. [4] 









 It is as it is. I can't have any nut products and most of the AVB products I've seen that don't require cooking are peanut butter sandwiches and nutella and the like. I can't have any nut products whatsoever, so I have to ask: what can I put my AVB in and enjoy it with that won't send me to the ER? 




 Hello, Reddit. I am train_subject1458. I decided to do an AMA as I am getting into voice acting and I'd love very much to have a decent demo tape to use. However, I'm not necessarily the most creative sort so I thought I'd ask my favorite internet community to help me out a bit. 

So here's how we play this game. You leave me a quote - anything within reasonable length - and I'll render it for you in my glorious voice or else in my best approximation of a voice of your choosing. 

Some details, first, though. 
I am a 22 year old man from Georgia, in the United States. I can do passable high status British, genteel Southern, modern redneck, Morgan Freeman, and so many, many other voices. If you can name it, I'll give it the old college try. 

Ready? Alright, then. Let us begin.
(http://vocaroo.com/i/s0pjgF14Zuaj) 




 I am dreadfully curious about this. Apparently, my vocal skills are - according to people I know - quite good and I have a natural knack for speaking. Further, my SO frequently tells me that I should look for work in voice acting. As a fan of video games and animation, I would be delighted to do something along these lines, but I have no idea where to start. Any advice?

EDIT: [HAVE A LINK!](http://vocaroo.com/i/s09VAwAMENWP)
It's a vocaroo demo of my voice clocking it at around eight minutes as I read the Raven by Edgar Allan Poe. I have a much greater range than this, I think, but for the time being this is the sort of character that I think I'm best at portraying. 




 wut do? 


































 For me, it's Morrowind. I can't even begin to count all the times I've reinstalled that game. I love it so very dearly.

Honorable mention: Jedi Outcast. 




 I recently acquired an RAI 1911 tactical and, while I couldn't be happier with it, the slide is not to my liking. I'd always admired the look of GI-style 1911 slides and even though the sight picture is inferior, I think I'd like to trade if anyone is willing. 

My slide has some light finish wear, so I'm willing to accept less than pristine slides. If anyone is interested, please let me know!

[Pics](http://imgur.com/a/r4O5I) 

















































 I'm 22 and I'm in a wheelchair. This Saturday, I'm flying across the country to see my fiancee who I've not seen in months. Now, I should be elated, but instead I can't help but be incredibly fucking nervous. Why?

The Transportation Security Administration, the people we Americans tolerate so willingly for the illusion of feeling safe are going to absolutely violate me. I am certain of this. Why? Well, they haven't got the best track record with people in general, but add to it that they [have](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zFi18ioqYk) [a](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2116881/TSA-subject-child-wheelchair-invasive-airport-security-tests-Chicago.html) [shitty history](https://gripevine.com/gripe/20731929/tsa-agents-abuse-disabled-travelers-pbi-west-palm-beach-airport) in dealing with disabled persons, I can't help but feel intimidated. I look at how we're willing to just accept this from my government as our economy continues to implode and I can't help but weep. I can't fight, but I can't help but feel I'd sympathize with and possibly even join up with a populist uprising if ever we had one. 

So my question to you is this. What would the government have to take from *you* to make you tell them that enough is enough? 






































































































































 It's getting pretty bad. The illiterate spam posters with their shitty, mediocre content are *killing* this subreddit. Fix it.

_________________________________________________________________________________
EDIT: I'm campaigning for modship. Go [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/comments/r5fnd/requesting_modship_of_rgirlsinyogapants/) and upvote to show your support. I and those on my side will fix what our current mods ignore.

____________________
EDIT 2: As [douglasg14b](http://www.reddit.com/user/douglasg14b) has pointed out, the mod request post has been deleted. I do not theorize this to be as a result of foul play, but as a result of a spam filter of some kind reacting to the piles of upvotes we've thrown at the post. I am thankful for the community's support, and if I and the others make it in, I promise that we'll give you the best subreddit possible. 

Thank you,

train_subject1458 







































 The gun show is on Saturday and I've got $250 to get a new handgun and I want your opinions. Here are my criteria:

* Steel frame
* Semi auto
* External hammer
* Manual safety
* Compact
* Affordable ammunition
* Rugged

Caliber and recoil are secondary concerns as I've got some pretty good arms on me and my shot placement is decent enough at self defense ranges so I don't need excessive stopping power. 

I should also say that I'd like something that would hide on a wheelchair fairly well. Paraplegic here, so wheelchair carry demands compactness and reliability. 

My frontrunner so far is a milsurp CZ82, but I'm open to suggestions. 









 After six months; a bad incident that cancelled one of her plane tickets and countless exams, a fuckton of heartache and thousands of hours on Skype, my fiancee has gotten her plane ticket and will be here in JUST OVER A WEEK! 

Excitements all around, ladies and gentlemen.

We shall be in the Atlanta area, if any LDR-ers are interested in hanging out. 
























