 I'd watch this and not be ashamed to admit it. like 500 days of summer. goodass movie 




 lagomorphs.* I've been yelled at about this before already. I'll remember next time 




 what about poo. your cage looks so clean. my rabbit used to just constantly leave a trail of shits behind him and I said to myself no more rodents from now on. 




 A POP POP POP POP POP PAPOW 




 I want to try this 




 those gills though. I bet he gets all the ladies 




 is that where I heard this? what's the episode I wanna rewatch it 




 about publishing a book, right? I hope so 




 was not disappoint 




 ooo throw some gold trim on his plates! 




 and equally insane buyers. some guy bought a disco volante for 2 million if I remember correct and the car is not even street legal there. 




 area:volume can't get lower than a sphere so I'd imagine so 




 ( o  o) 




 he's spinning his cocoon 




 no it's because it's fun 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsche_911 




 people who don't own this van:

1) Jeremy Clarkson 




 can you assholes stop posting pictures of beautifully cooked tuna? I know you are just doing it to make me jealous 




 But theyd be white (white) white on a sunshiney day 




 NO. WATER STONE 




 it's possible to get a solid black eye from heavy trauma but I'm 100% sure the pupil is photoshopped in. in case I'm wrong can anyone explain it? 




 and half of them are older than the wheel 




 "DUDE I'm so high." 




 you need to swim out there and dive. there's definitely an Easter egg down there. maybe a cool sword or something 




 I swear a sleepy dog is a liquid 




 you are the hero America needs 




 unicycles are a really effective means of transportation

-book of things I never thought I'd hear 




 shower beers? 




 next time you're out climbing rocks like that, think of us poor fucks who are stuck in boring flat Illinois and enjoy your life just a little bit more! 




 that is absolutely gorgeous.  




 what an adorable little 1920s sailor 




 sign him out. don't be going through other people's shit. 




 you need like AT LEAST 50 gallons to keep just one of them :( 




 it's not about staying warm it's about looking fly as fuck. I bet all the other huskies be jellin so hard 




 those classes aren't about actually learning art. they're about having fun and that's exactly what this guy did. 




 it makes no sense to me that everybody on here is claiming they have no problem with growth hormone and then simultaneously downvoting you for saying you wish it were socially acceptable. 




 his point is that nobody can deny that steroids are taboo among the vast majority of people and he's definitely right. he's just saying he wishes it wasn't the case and all you people are advocating hgh and then downvoting this guy for saying he wishes it were socially acceptable and that makes absolutely no sense regardless of where you stand on the issue. 




 thanks to David Firth 




 I don't know how you people do it but props to you. it's really cool to see how loyal and playful birds are with their breeders but oh my god the amount of work it requires is astronomical. 




 I had a friend named Quetzalli who owned an axolotl. doesn't get more Aztec than that 




 slooooowride 




 the worst part is that picture is hilarious without the dumb note :(  




 even me? 




 1000 YEARS DUNGEON FOR ALL YOU FRICKIN FRICKS 




 reminded me of the automatic pilot from Airplane 




 First off, I got my car brand new. this is in response to the guy who followed the car thief because he recognized the car from Facebook. Do people still steal newer cars? Can you get around the system and get different plates or if the theif sells, does the buyer then just drive the car unregistered to his name because I would think when you register it they'd catch you. I can't understand how stealing a car is worth the trouble. 


































































































































































































































































































































































 and only about 3 of them are labeled :( 




 LOL 30 is tee shirt weather in Chicago. 




 Dirty Harry is the second highest comment??? I DO want to live on this planet anymore! 




 little mac 




 the normal pink and purple ones are actually good for your tank. this one, judging by its size, is probably bad. 




 no way. call him Archie. He looks exactly like Dreiberg's ship from Watchmen. 




 fool. the problems of the third world do not affect America. capitalism is the only true religion. 




 baby got spade 




 this is false. it does it to attract nature photographers because it likes the attention. on your marks. get set. science! 




 I should put one on my life 




 I'm  lnr. I dn't lik it, but I suffr frm  ul f things tht ush m t it. I wish I uld b mr sil thrugh things lik nlin id gms, but I n't fl ttrtd t thm. 

I feel kind of bad for him. let him farm all the fake internet points he wants.

 




 You are goddamn right. 




 THATS MY FUCKING COMMENT. BlockoManWINS is my other account.  




 think of it this way. when you have no friends you can wear a cloak out in public and not have to worry what people think. honestly cloaks look warm and comfortable as fuck. 




 I don't understand why your comment is acceptable and mine is not 




 got a place near there. I will definitely be keeping my eyes peeled! 




 infiniti logo is not just a circle with a triangle missing. it's a road going off into the distance. another obvious thing that took me ages to notice. 




 yeah it just makes the contruction look shoddy. I guess that in itself is impressive though. making a p1 look shoddy. 




 forget Kate Upton they couldve had me for like $100 




 Mine used to paste himself right in the center of the front glass in my 30 cube and just chill there for hours. it drove me absolutely crazy to the point where I returned him and never bought a new one. maybe I should have just swapped instead  




 how the fuck did that cost 40 million... ELI5 




 only one Lambo? how does it make you feel better knowing there are poor people in the world? 




 student doctor here. almost definitely ebola. 




 LaLeLambro 




 ex wal mart employee is all he says 




 I can't help but wonder where he lives and what he does 




 friend I can get you mini whale. am PMing you PayPal account and please just transferring $1500 USD into it and I will send you mini whale. thank you sir. 




 changling

is that like... a Chinese baby or something? 




 spionid worm. slightly different (2 tentacles instead of a million) but they do the same thing 




 I agree. the vigilante should be doing a sick skateboard trick when he does this. now THAT would be radical. 




 guys I don't get it. you always do this. you always make jokes that you know I won't get. 




 I'm glad my life isn't so miserable that I have time to browse a subreddit I hate just so that I can leave douchey comments with my novelty account. 




 I'm gonna be reaping those benefits in about 5 years 




 red orange yellow green blue purple 




 what don't you like 




 the texture on the stoned bird is phenomenal. I am speechless 




 my bunny grew sassy eyebrows one season and then they just kind of disappeared. I wonder why it happens 




 Same thing happened to me. If you saw the black and white of the man with antlers in the forest on r/woahdude, that was mine. Not only that but the reposter was an enormous tool and people were looking at his past comments and thinking they were me. Got him IP banned in the end. 




 MY HAND IS CRAMPING MRS PUFF 




 now add mtn dew 




 they won't burst because if one bubble is compressed, instead of popping it will just flatten and eject all of its air into the surrounding bubbles. it's like a workers union all protecting each other from getting stepped on. 




 looks like someone just laid a dryer sheet over the sky 




 I'm proud of myself for gaining 30lb in 2 and a half years 




 they usually dont. this is just one of those overly liberal "fuck society I'm going to do what I want" trees. 




 my Boston does the same thing. she humps dogs three times her size and when they try to get away she growls and snaps at them. my adorable little rapist. 




 1 of the 2 cars in the picture happens to be a Bentley because Dubai 




 I'm a huge bug nerd and I am aware that orb weavers are beautiful and harmless but every time I see an argiope in the wild I shit my pants and scream like a little girl regardless. 




 (    )

 




 I dunno man youd need a LOT of cherry shrimp to fill that sucker 




 should have said "gay atheist cat" instead of "grandfather." it's more attention grabbing and equally bullshit 




 do you think they allow tours 




 forget about resealing. OP MUST stain that drawer black. studies that I invented in my head just now conclusively proove that black tank stands are where it's at. 




 yeah I don't understand why everyone is so weirded out by Carlos. he's just a chill dude who happens to have no skin or organs. it's almost racist if you think about it. 




 they are damn near impossible to catch without removing the entire rock 




 usually that only happens when the shrimp is tunneling downward and hits the bottom of the tank. they don't just randomly punch glass. if your sandbed is sufficiently deep you're fine. 




 there's nothing that's only eaten by spiders but they contribute enormously to insect population control in general and the majority of them are harmless to humans. 




 I didn't like it originally either but you have to see it in motion to appreciate its sexiness. watch some videos 




 you're not wrong 




 there's no way this car is real. it's too beautiful. definitely just an urban legend. 




 all jokes aside, earth would be a nightmare without spiders. just a giant writhing mass of flies, mosquitoes, and every other insect you hate. 




 nopeologist here. can confirm 




 you could probably throw a whale shark or two in there if you did regular water changes 




 fuck I miss Belize 




 well maybe if he had brought a science vessel or obs he would have been more prepared 




 an Easter egg from 1994 that was never found. inside is a fossilized peep. equip it as armor 




 this is one of the best looking *cars* I've ever seen. so well done. I want to take a pointy boobed girl to the drive in theater in that bad boy. 




 I made a sticky and sparten did a self post. everyone who bothered to respond liked it. 




 can confirm. One of those was me. 




 I'm not saying what he did was ok but you literally cannot mention his name now without an army of self righteous fucks suddenly pretending that they are above being upset about this. he was the carpet in the Big Lebowski. he held the show together which is why he did all the celebrity interviews. we are all sad that top gear as we know it is gone and it's oh so reassuring to me that people are so quick to demonize someone that they loved for so long. I'm done arguing about this. 




 so ALL those years of entertainment he gave you mean nothing because he made one mistake. because you're perfect and have never made a mistake. got it. 




 how about next time you leave constructive criticism instead of being passive aggresive 




 with the new hellcat and Ford's current performance lineup they're going to have to do something crazy to keep up. if there was ever a time for mid engine it's now. 




 I saw one in army green on Monday and it was stunning. I swear you could paint this car dog shit beige and it would still raise my pulse. 




 hopefully they set a precedent for  taking wild concept cars and turning them into production cars 




 how is this the top comment? do you go to a funeral and say "oh that guy was a tool anyway." we all know what happened. show some fucking respect for all he gave us. 




 I could see aquaman driving that 




 it was from a  post about sports so manly that they aren't in the Olympics or something. the guy is standing on a plank of wood being pulled by a 2 cowpower engine through some mud. the Scottish tree throwing thing was in there too. 




 in thinking of their imitation of the facial expression of peugeot driver and giggling in class 




 the Bolivia one was amazing. as was India. and all the other ones 




 this one must have been spun at a *record breaking* speed HAHAHHA RIGHT GUYS 




 mine are always so fragile. how do you make it stronger 




 yeah with creepy statues and like... poems carved into trees. would be so cool 




 there are a couple issues with the font. text fields for submitting posts and the drop-down menu for "my subreddits" are too light so the font is hard to see. if I post the code will someone take a look at it? 









 I want to see it NOW 




 a snowy owl! 




 no more tears. only dreams now 




 this was posted 6 minutes after hoser 




 some say he will die if Jeremy Clarksons contract is not renewed. You want that on your conscience BBC? 




 I-L-L 




 yes we already know 




 prof be clownin 




 what does a Bostonian call a deer with no eyes* 




 OP reported this from a 7th graders AIM buddy profile 




 Check out our new chilled down design by /u/spart3n117! Someone should totally give him gold ( -  ). In other news, I changed the spam filter to "low" so hopefully those of you getting censored will be fine now. 




 you got a hat trick! 




 the alligator in the tree is fucking with me 




 I thought exactly the same thing and I'm not feelin it 




 the beetle is a little heavier but the new interiors are amazing. I vastly prefer it to the gti. they are equally fun to drive though 




 I'm gonna need that in smoke grey with white stripes 




 maybe it's the "mikes secret stuff" effect. the power was in YOU the whole time.


time keeps on slippin slippin slippin

into the future 




 no I think it actually looks great if you like early 90s restaurant carpet designs. 









 I didn't even know that happened! SO COOL 




 I had a snowflake moray named Boogers. after those little yellow snotties they have on their nostrils. the name suited him so well he was such a clown. 




 :-* kissy face 




 you can lie to the world but you can't lie to yourself 




 not me I'm a pretty nice guy right? 




 this guy is a karma farm. he's just a new GallowBoob. motherfucker is all over /new just reposting shit. 




 I tried to do that to mine and hed pee in the litter box but then hed perk his ears and launch himelf out, kicking litter everywhere, and sprint up to my roommates door where hed leave a pile of poo and just lay. I think he was just a jerk. 




 I watched a couple of them and he is extremely annoying. everything he says is redundant. it's a shame because I really like the videos otherwise 




 aw you jerks I just saw this today and was going to post it 
























 if I ever go bald I am going to march right over to gods house and take a poo on his sofa. 




 my dad was a weaver 




 *weed joke* 




 and now that dad is in jail nothing can take that away from us! 




 I won't claim to know how an octopus tank size effects its stress level I'm just saying that its intelligence won't have anything to do with the argument. it's a sedentary animal so if all its needs are accounted for it will stay put whereas a tang is highly energetic. it's like having a small apartment and putting a sleepy dog vs a nutty dog in it. they could be the same breed but the nutty one will be stressed and the sleepy one won't be bothered. 




 how does that make any sense? an animals territory size is in no way related to its intelligence. the only reason an octopus moves at all is to find food or mate. 




 I have an exam tomorrow and I'm going to get less than 5 hours of sleep thanks to OP. ain't even mad. 




 I'm down. let's bring a bunch of booze and figure out a way to turn this into the ultimate drinking game? 




 what did the female do to get kicked out of the bed? musta been something bad. 




 he's got a point. if I were God id look down at earth and go "holy shit look at that turban" 




 dude I bet he could palm kanye west's ego 




 I shall die in a pool of vomit, convulsing on the floor from heart failure but happy nonetheless 




 awww thank you sweetie I love me too :) 




 I'm going to make these for me because I love me so much :) 




 bb I'm bout to plug dis dongle in and charge u RIGHT up (    ) 




 and then a cartoon series based on the toy 




 how does this relate? particle accelerators are not that hard to understand. In fact I will explain to you right now how they work: shit is magic. 




 could you not? id like to keep my methods on the down low until it's published. 




 actually mammatus comes from the same root as mammary because these clouds looked like boobs to whoever named them. 




 I don't understand people like you. that's literally 1 bite of food. I have friends who will eat a hamburger and leave the LAST bite to waste and it makes me go ape shit. 




 it didn't smell at all it was just the taste. it's one of those things that I can see why people would like it but for the price id rather just have tuna or tako 




 marinade it first. delicious. 




 go to Greek Islands and try their octopus. it is absolutely phenomenal. my mom tells me that when I was a kid I refused to eat anything except pb j, hamburgers, and cold octopus salad 




 no way man the texture was great but it tastes the way a tidepool smells. oddly charming but all in all just bad. 




 an identified driving object? 




 my brain is struggling to turn that into a sex joke 




 incorrect. train_subject6359 shifts significantly faster with an average shift time of approximately 0ms. some say he shifts so fast that his lap times are negative. 




 I don't know that there is a wrong way to use it. 




 was he doing curls on the calf machine and going TSATT. HUNNNHHHH with every rep because if so I think you nailed it. 




 go buy as many lottery tickets as you can afford. someone upstairs has your back today. 




 I did a study the other day which conclusively proved that I don't like diet soda as much as I like regular soda and therefore regular is better. still waiting to hear back from the new England journal of medicine. 




 oooh ooh ooh that's a party foul. I wish you hadn't pointed that out. this is amazing otherwise. 




 the high rev is absolutely beautiful but I can't decide if my love for it outweighs my disdain for loud idling. 




 make that 40 :) 




 that god damn thing is already louder than my 500w amp 




 those "related" videos 




 he's been living in the desert under a rock, watching reruns of 90s sitcoms no doubt. 




 because his light was about to turn green so in my haste I didnt realize the diglet was blocking part of the camera 









 just stop. nobody wants you here. 




 83 in illinois 




 maybe he's in Australia so when it turns upside down its actually right side up? 




 frankly I'm not sure 




 but who will clean the cleaner of the cleaner? 




 dead like your social life 




 people on reddit will go ape shit for the 800th ok looking girl to put a chicken on her shoulder but when a guy like you decides to poke fun at how tired this lame fucking joke is, you get torn apart for being bald. today is the day I unsubscribe. 




 on your marks. get set. science! 




 your urchin is senpai. he has graduated to the upper class. 




 I prefer to call it "becoming LFS syndrome" 




 not so much here in Illinois :p 




 An amazingly well taken care of [356](http://i.imgur.com/Jsd9O94.jpg) and a [911 turboS](http://i.imgur.com/ZQd40xq.jpg) from the 70s with some awesome rims that you can't see (and an awesome exhaust that you can't hear) because of my sub par camerman...ism. It was a good day though. 









 I don't understand buying a car and not using it. my dd 10 years from now is going to be mid engined with 2 seats 




 WOW. if the boner police are in the building I demand an attorney 




 a man named "smeargle" WOULD have this moveset. 




 Hey man I noticed that you're "gangster." I'm pretty gangster myself. 




 James Bond drives them though. JAMES BOND. 




 and then get electric green satin wraps on them 




 if I had the money I would pay infinity dollars for this car and not regret it. it's the best looking thing I've ever seen that wasn't a classic American muscle car on lifted suspension with off-road tires. 




 especially when you were 18 and you only blew a .02 




 warning: may cause top kek 




 neither are women but they cost a fortune too. so I spose it fits. 




 he could always resort to sleep powder (    ) 




 I caught mewtwo in a pokeball, scrub. 




 jewel has handles of vodka for $10.99. who needs a bar haha. ha.

:( 




 sounds like Damon albarn 




 I'll have to give her another chance 




 if her actual standup were as funny as this shed be amazing! 




 does it move at all? does the top retract? is the body rigid or does it move like a worm? 




 thanks man I'm glad you like it! I've tried digital but paint sort of has a "personality" that I like working with 




 Thanks man :) check out my website at http://www.studioralu.com if you're interested 




 I can't wait to move out of the Midwest and go somewhere warm with trees and mountains 




 inner conflict which is also not necessarily good or bad 




 neither is necessarily good or bad 




 not at all man go right ahead :) 









 Check me out at http://www.train_subject6359.com 









 Visit me at http://www.train_subject6359.com or post cat pictures on my wall at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114 ! 









 check me out at http://www.train_subject6359.com  









 I was walking in the woods the other day and there was just a dude sitting in a tree smoking a cig. At least I THINK it was a cig.

Visit me at http://www.train_subject6359.com or post cat pictures on my wall at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-By-Ra/1524740101129114 ! 









 we all already know what you do and may I say you do it very well. you're like a moose Waldo. 




 looks infinitely better with the mods! I dig that satin 




 I think its absolutely ridiculous that it's rude to ask. so many ridiculous things are considered rude. 




 eh they'll probably all be naturally selected out of the population sooner later 




 also that way you can floor it clear out of your garage. 

"better to get there fast as fuck than to get there in one piece." - Mahatma Gandhi 




 authoritah* 




 the sesame seeds are a nice touch 




 when my roommate got a nutri bullet I made sauces for every single thing I ate. gourmet as fuck 




 nature didn't want to to waste that awesome material 




 just making sure. lots of people think narwhals are, so why not toucans too 




 even me? 




 toucans are not mythical though 




 I disagnosed it just now after viewing others' diagnoses and claiming them as my own. 




 I half saw it 




 it's love 




 wh... why? 




 this jerk. I clicked the first one not knowing it was going to be a series and then he plays the cliffhanger card on me and now I am sucked in. damn you OP 




 read his other comments. he is almost definitely insane. 




 what the hell is wrong with this guy? is this a reference? 




 oh we got a butt 




 less than a week now! 




 that's so raven 




 Google the word "vernacular" 




 synapses yes. it's called neuroplasticity. but you don't replenish the actual cells

Edit: also thought it would be interesting to add that to get a signal from anywhere in your body all the way up to the cortex of your brain, it only takes about 3 or 4 neurons. those things are long as hell 




 i always think about how cool it would be to send scientists back to biblical times and hear the modern explnation of some of some of those stories 




 you don't replace neurons 




 foolish child. go to your room and await corporal punishment 




 I don't know if the parasite is actually controlling the mantis but some parasites/symbionts secrete hormones and chemicals that can influence the behavior of the host and some can actually infect the hosts brain and literally mind control it (google "cordyceps")  
























