 Yes. Especially in a free state like the US, and much of the world, where military service is volunteer based. Perhaps you disagree with the government's use of military force, but you can still support and wish the best for those that volunteered to put their life on the line. 




 1900's like entire century or 1900's like 1900-1909? 




 I absolutely love the show. The writing   acting is fantastic. Each episode keeps you on the edge of your seat and the plot moves along too, it doesn't get stagnant. But I talk to friends and most haven't even heard of it and those that have, haven't seen it or know much about it. And I didn't hear much of anything regarding it leading up the Emmy's. What gives? 














 I want to make a simple bar graph using data across several 8 different sheets. All it is a numerical value in cell H2 of each page. I just want each of the 8 values to be a column in the graph. How do I do this? 









 Will trade other books, money or pay shipping! 


































 I just got Amazon Prime so now I have access to all the past HBO shows. I haven't seen any HBO besides GoT, so I was wondering what I should start watching first. 







































 If you ship commodity cards, are they then also able to be used in the end game scoring of the bonus tiles that give you 3 points per shown commodity? Or can you only score those if you take the seaport action to lay those in your player area? 














 "I want to make a gif of that Charlie Murphy skit with Rick James when he's stomping on the couch saying "F YO COUCH" but replace the couch with waffles and update the text accordingly. However I don't have the technology available on my phone." This is a request from my dear friend and I want to make this for him. It's the US game today and his birthday. Is this possible?! 














 My goal is to highlight the whole row based off Column B being greater/lesser than Column C, but excel always interpets Column A (which is words) as greater than the any numerical value. So it'll will never highlight Column A when B is less than C. 

[Here is my example](http://i.imgur.com/kOgkm76.jpg). I'd like each row to be uniform.  




 Hey, I'll be in Dublin this Friday - Sunday and was wondering if there's any pick up ultimate around the city?  














 I'll be backpacking Ireland for 12 days this summer and I was wondering what the best options would be. I'd like to buy a package ticket if possible. It seems Bus eireann and Irish Rail are the two main systems. Are there tickets that includes a pass for both? 

I'll be going from Dublin to, Wicklow, Kilkenny, Waterford, Cork, Kinsale, Killarney, Kerry, Galway, back to Dublin.  









 I don't want to spend a ton of money. It'll be my first bike, but I want something more than a rusty bucket off CL. When I'm looking used, what brands should I keep an eye out that offer a reliable "starter" bike? Can I get anything decent for $200-$300?  



















 I'm just looking for a place to crash in Dublin for a night or 2 while I start my backpacking through Ireland! I'm real easy going, looking to meet some awesome people and experience the Irish culture! I can cook too! 



















 I'll be going off to Ireland for 12 days in a month. Basically making my way from Dublin, around the southern coast, up to Galway. I've heard the public transpo is pretty good in Ireland. What's the most bang for my buck and best routes to take along the way? Thanks! 



















 When you add a new family member, will they only need 1 food for the next harvest, or will they only need 1 food if they were 'born' in a harvest round? Say, I added a family member in round 12, at the round 13 harvest would they cost 2 or 1 food? 









 Am I missing out if I stop now? I can't remember the last time I ever quit on a book, but I can't remember ever being less drawn into a book. What do people think of this book? 




 So I just got Tzolk'in yesterday and I am exciiited. I'd love to paint the gears, but I've never done any miniature painting or anything like that. What do people recommend to use in terms of paints, brushes etc? No clue where to start 




 I'm running into problems with Atlanta, specifically the Connect All Tiles bonus. I'm reaching one gray to another and various points along the outside. Every tile is connected through the tiles somehow. I don't get why it keeps failing 




 I've never backed anything on Kickstarter. Prices can be so much higher than what a typical game costs, I have trouble justifying the investment on something I've never seen. So I was wondering how other gamers look at Kickstarter. Have you backed games on Kickstarter? Have you regretted any? Great experiences, bad experiences? What's the general flow like when you back something? 




 I typically like medium to heavy strategy games with minimized luck (terra mystica, eclipse, castles of burgundy, suburbia etc). If the game has a stronger thematic play to it, then all the better, but not crucial.  












































 I definitely don't need something huge. I'll be staying in hostels/hotels every night, so no camping eqpt needed. I was looking at the Osprey Stratos 36. Seems light, accessible and organized. Any others I should check out? My main wants are light, organized storage areas and 35-40L. 




 We have a group that regularly gets together for board game nights and we were more than happy to help out and teach them (anywhere from high school to college) games! It was a lot of fun. [**Here's what we were able to muster up**](http://i.imgur.com/vfEVqzK.jpg) 

Favorites of the night were King of Tokyo, Pandemic, Dominion and Burgundy. Pretty much all of the people were new to games, so they didn't get into the heavier stuff. We're going to try to do this every 1 or 2 months, so we hope it continues! 









 Any recommendations on hostels in Dublin, Galway and if there's any around cork, killarney, limerick or brunner would be much appreciated. I always just like to look at forums and not just review sites, since there's so many paid reviews nowadays. Thanks! 




 I'm planning a trip to Ireland and trying to decide whether to use a tour (likely Go Ahead Tours) or just backpack it. People that have done tours of Ireland, is it worth it? Would I be better off planning it myself? 









 My pipes froze 3 weeks ago during the blizzard. The cold water pipe has not worked since and yesterday the hot water froze too, nothing comes out. They have still not come to fix anything. Came home from worl today to find ice formed in a bowl and all along the hose attachment. They refuse to fix anything, saying the city isn't giving enough pressure (no neighbor is reporting this, we checked) and won't raise the heat. Several of the apartments have dogs. They are threatening to file litigation against anyone who doesn't pay rent or tries to break lease and move out. I'm still holding on to my rent money. 


tl;dr - do NOT move into one of their buildings. 

Pictures:

http://i.imgur.com/EMRoRjfh.jpg   (Note the faucets are on and no water)
http://i.imgur.com/NNwx8u2h.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/aWjtXqzh.jpg
 




 So basically, I'd like to conditionally format cells in a chart based on their adjacent cell. Some if it is simple: For instance if the cell in Column C says "Total" I'd like the text in the same row in Column D to be bold with a green fill. Is this possible? What formula would I use? 




 I should clarify...actual specific classes within sites live Kahn Academy or edX 









 I'll be staying on Yonge st for the weekend and was hoping to catch the NFL playoff games on Saturday. Any good places within walking or quick cab ride distance? I heard Sports Centre cafe is decent? 




 So I haven't gotten Fifa since 11, well before this new manual tackling was implemented. I overpursue every player with the ball, constantly whiff with the tackle button. And holding contain just keeps him a few yards off and generally lets the guy go right by him if he makes a sprint. I'd love some tips, cuz I am just not used to this and it is frustrating as hell.  









 Simply put, I thought every character in the book was profoundly unlikeable, and while I generally enjoy Kundera's prose, I felt this book overly disjointed. I'd love to hear other peoples' thoughts on Tomas, Tereza, Sabina, Franz, the ending, the philosophy of the book, dreams or anything else.  





























 I'd prefer to keep it under the $20, or at least real close. I have lots of medium to heavy strategy games, so I'd like something lighter anywhere from 2-6 players.  




 Keith Law is one of espn's lead baseball guys, has a pretty big national following and is a huge boardgame fan. He updates this list annually and included a couple 2013 releases including Bora Bora. He puts in some pretty nice summaries and full reviews if you follow the links.

http://meadowparty.com/blog/2013/12/06/top-50-boardgames/ 














 I don't have a fortune to drop $300, $400 or more on a Dyson animal vacuum, so what would people recommend for the best bang for the buck on a good vacuum for pet hair (I have an Aussie) in maybe a $100-$150 range? 









 My friends and I played our first 3 player game last night and I have some questions with problems we ran into. I started on the West Coast in Vegas and quickly fell behind as it was very expensive to span out, and my buddy found cheap expansion in the midwest and I could never really catch back up, because later I was completely blocked from expanding East as all the cities had 2 houses on them. This leads to my other question...the Step 3 card is at the bottom, and we had 2 houses on every single city in our 3 areas (the other 2 people had built 16 each), but we still had lots of power plant cards to go. So we spent several rounds simply holding auctions/passing on auctions, collecting resources   money. Until we got to the Step 3 card, built a bunch of houses and the game was over. Is this normal?
 




 Does anyone know where I can find this? Or even better, does anyone have a copy they want to sell?? 




 Hey, I have a 4 year old dog that doesn't do great with other dogs. Do people have recommendations for a training school or an individual dog behavioral therapist?  




 I have a 4 year old mini australian shepherd. He's fantastic with people. Loves em all. However, he doesn't do well with dogs. He gets uber-excited when he sees them and immediately tries to sprint right at em and jump on em (I'm 99.9% sure it's playing). This freaks other dogs out and they growl/bark/snap at him, which then scares him and makes him defensive. I know he needs to be socialized more, but I can't because of this and friends with dogs won't bring their dogs over or really want him at their house. 

I was thinking about bringing him to a doggy day care for some immersion therapy but I don't want him to end up being crated the entire time because he can't get along with any dog. What kind of tricks or training things can I do?

TL;DR my dog sucks with other dogs, need training advice 









 http://i.imgur.com/j5A7h74.jpg

Tip of the cap to Z-Man games. This game is beautiful. The colors are vibrant, the board is thick (even the back of the gameboard has great artwork!) and everything feels of top notch quality. Any helpful tips so I can reign supreme in my group?? 














 Edit: for some questions: I'm not looking to sell em. I'm moving, they're broke, if some of my buffalo friends want me for parts or paper weights, just come pick em up! For what's wrong with them: Xbox boots up immediately to red light (also the pop-in hard drive from the side/top is gone). The PS3: when it turns on it beeps, blinks a green light a few times then shuts off as it blinks a red light then stays off.  
























 Helicopter: http://i.imgur.com/jXmpiQk.jpg

Kid: http://i.imgur.com/a0r3iAo.jpg 




 Kid: http://i.imgur.com/a0r3iAo.jpg

Helicopter: http://i.imgur.com/jXmpiQk.jpg
 




















































































 So I have the client downloaded for brettspielwelt and a decent amount of the time I'll have serious lag. It'll be someone's turn and then just nothing happens...no turns are made, I can't click anything, I can't type a message and there is nothing wrong with my internet connection. Has anyone else experienced this? Any solutions? 









 So I just got Twilight Struggle and have unbowed and am looking through the rules, and I just want to clarify something on placing influence tiles in a region. 

So if the enemy has influence or control in a country, can I gain control simply by placing more influence tiles? Lets say my enemy has control of Cuba (3) and I over a course of some turns place 6 influence, do I gain control? Can it be better to do that, if possible, over rolling for realignment or coups?  














 My friends and I are setting up our first game of Agricola and playing the family variant. Is it possible to bake bread in this or can you only do that through the improvement cards? 

Any other tips to playing our first time? Common things that confused you guys the first time around?  




 So my friends and I have no played Eclipse twice and loved it. However, it seems to me both games progressed very peacefully then the end of the final round and it blew up into a massive onslaught on each other for  a few high valued hexes. It made the game seem very "last round dominant" if that's a thing. Has anyone felt the same while playing the game or are we just bad it? Is there a way to get to the game to progress so the first 8 rounds don't just feel like a set up for the final 9th round where everything was decided? 




 My friends and I love the German style strategy games and have played a ton of settlers, Puerto Rico, Dominion, 7 Wonders and eclipse (played for the first time a few days ago and loved it). Now it's pretty much my overdue turn to contribute a game and by and large everything I've read for these three games are all positive reviews. I'd like to find a balance of complex, randomness to encourage replayability, and something that doesn't take crazy long like an Eclipse or Through The Ages. Just looking for basic pros and cons, personal experiences with the games, and what not. Thanks! 
























 I was at Z-Man VIP Table Top Day. I have two extremes of feedback. 


First, I absolutely loved Pandemic: The Cure. It was fun, quick and super engaging. All around great time. Will be an insta-buy in the coming weeks of availability.


Secondly, Contagion was possibly the worst game I've ever played. It's not Pandemic. They branded it as such for marketing. It was dull, repetitive, slow and I couldn't wait to be done playing it. 




 Did Rampage get pulled back or have to be re-branded due to copyright? I thought I had heard something about that 




 My collection is chalk full of pretty heavy euros. I'd like to start adding some more 'fun' games into the collection, along the lines of King of Tokyo or 1st   Goal etc. I'd like an emphasis on more luck based, silly games just to get some laughs going. And I'm not looking for party games like Wits   Wagers or Cards against humanity 




 I think it's a must own for that very reason. It's not a must own because it's the best game ever. It's a must own because it's an easy game to teach people, get non-gamers in the door and experience the hobby a little.  




 I have 5 different Dominions and Trains. If you don't have Dominion in your collection, it needs to be. It's an essential game for board gamers. If it's definitely one or the other at this moment, go with Trains. There's more player interaction and some additional depth/more paths to victory due to the board. 


Rising Sun is an expandalone. Similar to Dominion: Intrigue, it fits in with the base game as an expansion, or can be played as it's own as it comes with all the components.


tl;dr You can and should have both. If you can't, I'd say Trains. 




 I thought the same thing exact thing. Either he copied that idea or this is some kind of repost 









 Can't believe I didn't think to check to see if that exists. Wow. Everything is on reddit! 




 oops, autocorrect I didn't notice. should be 'from a macbook purchase' 




 Sorry? 




 You bought all that in 4 months?? Holy crap dude. Were you playing Monopoly with real money on those boards? 




  American is don't care about brown squirrels 




 That would also be an accurate assessment of my statement haha 




 I'm not a huge fan of co-op games, but this is really fun. I had the opportunity to go to Z-Man's VIP Event for Table Top day earlier this year and got to demo this. Definitely recommend it, especially if you like co-op games at all. Lots of fun! 




 I played Contagion at Z-Man's VIP TableTop event. It was probably the worst thing I've ever played.  




 ITT: Moist 




 Ha, not a problem. Can't go wrong either way! 




 That is just not reich. 




 I didn't draw any generalization from my comments. I just said that in this book, the characters were so horrible, they made the book cringe-worthy for me.  




 I don't think you should read Office Lover Boy to your daughter. Seems inappropriate.  




 I was on a huge kick, running through 20th century literature earlier this year and was loving reading and re-reading some classics. Then I got into **The Unbearable Lightness of Being by Milan Kundera.** Ugh. I couldn't stand anyone in the book. They all seemed some shamefully dramatic, trivial and annoying. I couldn't get with it. Cringed until the end.  




 A Few Acres of Snow 




 Memoir '44 is fantastic and often mentioned in these discussions.

I'm also a HUGE fan of A Few Acres of Snow [SU SD Review Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0YB9-yyke0).


1775: A Rebellion is also loads a fun, a great wargame. 2 players, but can scale up to 4 as well as pairs of 2 work together vs each other.  




 Would it be gay to write you a song? 




 /r/titlegore. 


And YOU said something horribly awkward. Use the penguin. 




 I don't want to alarm anyone, but there's a horse in that car.  




 I dunno. A pussy riding an orange dick is pretty sexual if you ask me. My pants are starting to turnip.  




 [Just a compliment for you](http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_l8avjbXTeU1qb41abo1_1280.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJP67HANH6OVWEMMQ Expires=1413304580 Signature=uMqE2xOV%2FOAOsINkqeOC%2FoFaSBo%3D#_=_) 




 [better perspective](http://drupal.in-cdn.net/cdn/article/public/moving_to_france.jpg) 




 I like to hug people and then whisper in their ear, "mmmm you smell like my mom." 




 Sup? 














 Yes you are. 




 Holy fuck you are one spoiled, ungrateful brat. 


Get off reddit and go study some fucking geometry and be grateful you have a Playstation to be taken away.  




 I don't think you know what ambiguous means.  




 Insects or Ants. 

There aren't enough of "regular" animals like lions and tigers and bears oh my to make any difference. We could kill them quick enough. If insects and/or ants went bloodthirsty zombie crazy. Game fucking over. 

Unidan [wrote a post about this once](http://www.reddit.com/r/FutureWhatIf/comments/1gimyb/what_if_suddenly_every_insect_on_the_planet_made/caks2t8) (sans zombie spin) 









 Touch literally anything. Everything is covered in poop and germs. Especially your phone and keyboard.


I probably got ebola just typing this. Let me check CNN...


*EBOLA: THE ISIS GERM OF YOUR KEYBOARD?"* 




 *Leslie Knope fantasies* 




 I listened to the Secret Cabal review the Abyss, and it sounded like a lot of fun and they raved about the artwork (which does look awesome). But it's $47 on Amazon. $40 +shipping on CSI. I have a hard time moving on a card game at that price. Has anyone played it? Worth it? 




 /r/titlegore 




 Yes 




 [the moon is with you Egypt!](http://offcolortv.com/offcolortv/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Moon.gif) 




 Fuck, that was painful to read.  




 "Hey can i swap that ranch out for blue cheese?"

*"Get the fuck out!"* 




 Friday the 31th.  




 Your problem probably starts somewhere around calling them bitches 




 Thank you! 









 ProTip: Humiliating students is not the best way to educate them. Professors generally care about that. 

Source: I have common sense.  




 DON'T YOU KNOW THAT'S POISONOUS?! 




 Shabbatman Shalom! 




 I'm not totally sure if I was staring into that for 30 seconds or 30 minutes. And where the hell are my pants?? 




 Or maybe just *this* DJ is stupid.  




 http://i.imgur.com/hxCrx50.jpg 




 Oh shit. 




 http://i.imgur.com/03y3pov.jpg 




 We had a safety in our game (yardage took offense into their own endzone) but they also rolled for a turnover. How do we score that? Is it actually a touchdown for the defense, or just a safety and offense punts?  




 No idea. I'm sure there's some reason. At some point I'm sure it came down to 'can we make more money by re-broadcasting this British show or re-creating it ourselves' 




 This will probably get buried, but can everyone stop getting butthurt about Americans remaking Utopia?? The issue is not if the original is good enough as is, the issue is ACCESS. The vast vast vast majority of Americans do not have access or aren't technologically savvy enough to find access to Utopia. My parents sure as shit aren't going to find torrents to download, but they'll watch the show when it's broadcast on HBO.  




 well it seems like the biggest difference is the extra shield people get at lvl 20. and the skip boost thing allows them to disappear/appear rapidly. And they have better guns.  




 I'm at level 15 right now, and the Crucible was fairly frustrating as I would get rocked by lvl 20-25+ players with more abilities than I have. So I was excited when I logged in today and saw the 'CLASH' sector that says 'Level Advantages Disabled.' I entered a match, and it was the same exact thing. People were level 25-28, had over-armor and boost abilities that I didn't and I got rocked again. What's the deal with CLASH? The level difference is really really annoying, makes me not want to get into the game at all 




 Word Word 




 Maybe you don't take it seriously enough, mudblood 




 Hooch is crazy! 




 Well fuck me. I'm like weasley on the first day of spells class. Word up, Hermione.  




 These instagram filters are getting legit 




 I'm aware. 




 Who the fuck Harry Potter knowing wannabe made the subtitle for this? That is literally the exact fucking opposite spell that should be here. Literally say anything else except the one fucking spell that holds off dementors. Fucking 'levioso' would make at least 1% more sense.  




 Came here to say exactly this. That's just mean.  




 Link.  




 Happy Shmfone Month!! 




 [Mississippi Queen, you know what I mean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFhM1XZsh6o) 




 Yea, unfortunately I started awhile ago on my iPad, and installed the game on my android phone last week in hopes to play there. Guess it's not to be.  




 Im sorry, but I dont want to be an emperor. Thats not my business. I dont want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone - if possible - Jew, Gentile - black man - white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each others happiness - not by each others misery. We dont want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way.


Greed has poisoned mens souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical. Our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery we need humanity. More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost....


 The aeroplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men - cries out for universal brotherhood - for the unity of us all. Even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world - millions of despairing men, women, and little children - victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people.


To those who can hear me, I say - do not despair. The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed - the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish. 


Soldiers! dont give yourselves to brutes - men who despise you - enslave you - who regiment your lives - tell you what to do - what to think and what to feel! Who drill you - diet you - treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Dont give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines! You are not cattle! You are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You dont hate! Only the unloved hate - the unloved and the unnatural! Soldiers! Dont fight for slavery! Fight for liberty!


In the 17th Chapter of St Luke it is written: the Kingdom of God is within man - not one man nor a group of men, but in all men! In you! You, the people have the power - the power to create machines. The power to create happiness! You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure.


Then - in the name of democracy - let us use that power - let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world - a decent world that will give men a chance to work - that will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power. But they lie! They do not fulfil that promise. They never will!


Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people! Now let us fight to fulfil that promise! Let us fight to free the world - to do away with national barriers - to do away with greed, with hate and intolerance. Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all mens happiness. Soldiers! in the name of democracy, let us all unite!


Edit: [With Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcvjoWOwnn4) and [compilation video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WibmcsEGLKo) 




 Has anyone had problems with facebook log in not working on iPad? I click the button in setting and absolutely nothing happens. Can't sync across devices without this step.  




 Do bases prevent your opponent from combatting your authority or do only outposts do that? The rules say "you may use combat to attack your opponent or their bases." does this mean you always have the choice of which to attack or just that combat is used against those two things when needed during the game?  




 Well, first of all, they were tied for 3rd best record. And I would argue they won 96 games in spite of Fredi. He constantly mismanages the bullpen, puts out bizarre lineups, bats Ryan Doumit a thousand times, and overall makes poor decisions on a daily basis.  




 Ugh, that's what I was afraid of.  




 Chippewa cycle:

1. Open terrible club on Chippewa

2. ???

3. Close

4. Change name.

5. Repeat. 









 Holy crap, that is the worst search/select option I've ever seen. I got through a few, but having to find the correct Eclipse so I'm not voting for some peg game from the 90's and the correct entry of a few others with shared names, I think I'll just show up and see what everyone else painfully voted for.  




 I like those shelves. Where'd you get them? 




 You can just hit save ya know 




 TIL beer is not made from mercury melted through boiling unicorn tears, but is actually made with water and various ingredients such as barley and hops! 




 Every time I see Twilight Imperium, I think "damn that's a huge box."

Also, you got Five Tribes!! How is it?! 




 The Adventures of Skeleboner! Featuring his arch-nemesis Mangina! 




 ITT: OP's mom and penis jokes.  




 I've never heard of this. But it's $10. Is it worth $10?  




 aka How U2 became the most famous band in America. The more people that know about you = the more people that will love you and the more people that will hate you.  




 /r/Im3MonthsAndThisIsWTF 




 Luckily I was at work when I saw that or my curiosity wood have gotten the best of me for sure.  




 Psych! I've seen all the episodes so it's not overly distracting and it's great to hear the shenanigans of Shawn and Gus aka Black   Tan in the background. 




 What about swiftly swirling? 




 12/12 love every square 









 Buffalo here. Can I have some of those degrees? 




 How does this compare to other 2 player deck builders like Star Realms, Jaipur, Dominion, or others? 




 How many mirrors could a mirror mirror if a mirror could mirror two ways? 




 Ha, this is my favorite. This should be on one of those unsuspecting signs/stitched patterns where it looks sweet, but is actually a sarcastic message. 




 Our group has a rule of no new games for anyone after 10pm. We've found that if we teach a new game late, there's a good chance whoever is learning the game isn't alert enough to fully pay attention, they get grumpy, disinterested and end up disliking the game. So no new games on late nights! 









 Yea, I think the ally powers work sooo much better in Star Realms. I just feel like in Ascension, I'm buying cards at random every time. Just grabbing whatever I can afford to buy/combat every turn. But Star Realms really escalates with the ally powers and it's much more advantageous to do your best to stack up a color. And the bases are much more influential than a mechana construct or others in Ascension 




 This game is great. It gets compared to Ascension a lot, but I enjoy it far more. The 'factions' chain together much much better in Star Realms and there's far more interaction due to combatting each other (and not just the attacking the cards in Ascension).  









 Q-Tipping my ears 









 No. The FBI (and other agencies) go at identity thieves in a big way. The media just doesn't report on them unless it's a sexy story. ie the fappening, or something mega-scale that could effect the masses like the Target breach.  




 [Source](http://wittyandpretty.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/duck-lips.jpg) 




 For anyone that is STILL on the fence about Trains, /u/toddbarker and /u/Sven_Burger are absolutely spot on. Trains is super fun, can have a bunch of different ways to victory which is neat for a deck builder, and comes with a lot of cards in the base so it's always a unique experience. Get it! 




 Because it's your own stank. Sometimes it's less intense, sometimes it's more intense. Sometimes it's a little sweatier than other days. It's always an experience, and often an unpleasant surprise. But hey, it's your surprise.  




 Grade A tomfoolery.  




 She ain't no holla back juror 




 Haha yea it did 




  I'm, Christopher Walken, so, fuck, you.

FTFY 




 Sounds like a freshman had the genius idea for AskReddit to do his first homework assignment 




 *Just another morning at Michael Bay University* 




 Super confused by your reply.

*stares at own comment for longer than should admit*

ooooo. crap. 




 and everyone behind you in line hates you. order your coffee and get out.  




 Pleasantly cool while fully clothed. 

Take clothes off, go to bed under 1 thin sheet.

Boiling hot. 

Edit: I can't type for shit.  




 You don't always need a comma, in the middle of a sentence.  




 You must be fun at parties.  




 Yea, she was a sweetheart on Dexter too for the small role she popped in every now and then for.  




 If you have Amazon Prime, it's streaming there 
























 Yes. We know that. 




 http://i.imgur.com/zGHNzyG.jpg 




 Yup. 




 They should sell a Christmas 10 Pack BluRay Boxset of

* Die Hard
* Home Alone
* A Christmas Story
* Christmas Vacation
* Elf
* It's a Wonderfull Life
* Scrooged
* Miracle on 34th St
* Jingle All The Way
* Nightmare Before Christmas


**FTFY** 









 I feel like I've always seen it much higher than $55. Maybe I'm wrong. 




 [Robinson Crusoe](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/183523)

[Fortune   Glory](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/p/137274)


**edit** my bad, thought RC was a sale. 




 Snake Oil!

It's a lot like Cards Against Humanity but with a sales pitch. One person is the "customer" (aka they'll have a card that says 'babysitter,' 'engineer,' 'beggar' etc) and everyone else will combine 2 of their cards to make a product. So instead of everyone just laying their cards down and 1 person picking their favorite, everyone pitches their product to the customer! If you play it with the right group, it's fun as hell. 

**edit**: [and it's only $15](http://www.amazon.com/Out-of-the-Box-1869/dp/B00AEB1R66) 



















 Just pretend you're Australian and it's Dec 6 




 [YouTube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60og9gwKh1o) 




  Baby dragon


FTFY 




 The only reason this should be wtf is if it was a gif and a fat woman riding a giant dildo burst out of the banana pile. 


Since it's not, fuck you OP 




 Not sure if OP is old enough to make comment about boobs, soooo...good luck on your future endeavors. Sincerely, sayoshinn.  




 OP, you are really asking it for it... 




 How often do you track how many friends you do and don't have on facebook at any given time??  




 I would like to throw a party for Kirby that's a big room of puddles for him to jump into and people to scratch his belly.  




 Maybe he's too dense to dance. 




 WHOA WHOA WHOA. This is not how Reddit works! You stick to your guns no matter how wrong you are and yell louder than everyone else! 




 I did not know you could do that. Cool! 




 I am with merqueen. When it comes down to it, yea Harry is the savior of the wizarding world (but not by any skill, genius or merit), he's just a kid. He's a teenager going through teenager shit. He's not the smartest, or the strongest or the fastest or cleverest. He's awkward, self-conscious, extraordinarily self aware and he's got a world of shit to deal with. Everything from trying to ask a girl to a dance from seeing friends murdered in front of him. But at the core he goes through things that teenagers go through, and through those tribulations he emerges [usually] victorious through his personal bravery, friends or simple dumb luck. If you're of a similar age, going through similar circumstances of self-doubt, awkwardness, often singled out and picked on, you look at Harry and think, "damn, I can do this too." 




 Wait, how are the Marlins so low? 




 Can someone explain this? 




 How the hell is this a confession bear? What's your next meme? An Awkward Situation Seal where you found out you donated the same amount of money to charity as your coworker? 




 In Soviet Russia, wall mount you! 




 This comment best. 




 *"Put the heat back in your bedroom"* 




 Haha nope, sorry 




 Maaaybe...narrow it down?? 




 I got a poem for my sprog! Thanks! 




 You've yelled that twice in this thread. You really like brojobs huh?? 




 Two girls flashing at camp? That's the start of a lot of pornos in lots of somewheres.  




 Fuckin Timmy 




 http://i.imgur.com/meAyRDZ.gif 




 When I was a counselor, I woke up in the middle of the night to take a leak. As I walked from the front to the back of the cabin, I noticed one of the top bunks where a camper (let's call him Timmy) should have been. Neither Timmy or his sleeping bag were on the bed. I peek out back, thinking maybe he went to take a pee and didn't tell me. Nope. Timmy's not out back. Maybe he went across the field to the bathrooms to take a dump? Go look out front. Peer across, no light on in bathroom building. But now I see a shadowy, hunched figure in the middle of the field. I approach, mag-lite, in hand. As I approach, the smell worsens and the faint sound of tears begins to become audible. I find little Timmy, alone in the athletic field, crouched in his sleeping bag full of shit. 

He had awoke that night and was too much of a pussy to walk to the bathroom in the cold, so he tried to hop in his warm sleeping bag. He couldn't make it fast enough and his body's need to shit soon overcame his weak mind. He stopped, dropped his pants (inside the sleeping bag) and shit inside his place of sleep. Once the relief of his massive shit passed, he realized what he had done, froze, and remained there in his humiliated tears for over an hour. He also peed. 

edit: gold cuz my camper shit himself in a sleeping bag?! thank you! 




 whoa whoa whoa that's not really a fair assessment. I think Markakis caught a ball last year.  




 ITT: People saying he could have spent more. Come on. How many stories of domestic abuse, drugs, DUI's, deadbeat dads etc among athletes come up?? And one stand up guy does something and you complain about the ratio of donation to salary?? $16,266 worth of toys puts a smile on a hell of a lot kids' faces.  




 You connect to people who have jobs so later when they want a new job they can ask you for an in at your job.  




 Markakis isn't getting close to $15mill a year so he wouldn't be a Lowe/BJ/Uggla situation. I'd guess he'd be looking at $8-10 mill? I wouldn't mind Aoki for the right price though. His LD% increased, and some peripherals like HR/FB and infield hit rate were actually lower than his first couple years. He doesn't strike out much either which is nice.  




 I tried to can into space once. It did not go well.  




 [How were the facts on Fox News today???](http://captainawkwarddotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/mad-men-gif-not-great-bob.gif) 




 So you'd rather stick a minor leaguer that's not ready? Magically create a young stud RF that can develop in RF and hit his prime in 2017? Just bench every good player on lose every game until 2017? Put Jose Constanza in RF? You need someone to play there. There's no reason not to get a serviceable, veteran guy who can help mentor young players and won't (or shouldn't) cost that much. Let's be clear here. The Braves aren't turning into the Astros and tanking. They still want to be good, they just know the priority is rebuilding the farm system. Signing Markakis has absolutely zero impact on that. None. It doesn't hurt the team in any way.  




 Ah. the guy that throws out arguments without evidence, like "nothing more than an average MLB starter" (despite a 2.5 war last year) is suddenly Bill James. Play a sport once in your life before you think leadership is useless. Especially with a young team.  




 Have you ever played sports?? Leadership and clubhouse unity is incredibly important in baseball. Have a team with a bunch of kids that have gobs of money for the first time ever, are used to being the best and are now at the top of the baseball world and likely mightily struggling. The 'they're freaking adult baseball players, who cares about leadership' is the dumbest, most obtuse argument out there.  




 Fun until everyone starts rubbing their fingers along the rim of your glass. 




 He's a solid veteran leader to have around young guys and in the clubhouse. He improves the team's disastrous strikeout rate by giving a solid contact guy. Basically, see everything that /u/PM-ME-UR-PROBLEMS- said above.


And for your argument...show me where he's trending downward? You provide zero evidence. One could argue he's due for another increase in numbers. His BABIP last 2 seasons are well below his career norms, his K% has decreased, his contact rate has gotten better. If anything, the peripherals suggest he could improve his numbers. His LD% dipped in 2014 and his IFFB% jumped. So you could say that was an anomaly and will trend back to their respective means as well.  




 Player A: not on this team anymore so it doesn't even matter.
Player B: No one is pretending is a long term solution. And his numbers increased in 2014 from a poor 2013.  




 2014 Player Comparison

Player A: 573 AB / .271 AVG / .351 OBP / 735 OPS / 74 R / 155 H / 26 2B / 11 HR / 58 RBI / 67 BB / 98 SO

Player B: 642 AB / .276 AVG / .342 OBP /729 OPS / 81 R / 177 H / 27 2B / 14 HR / 50 RBI / 62 BB / 84 SO



Player A is Heyward, Player B is Markakis. Markakis makes better contact, strikes out less, and has just about the same line drive and HR rate. Markakis has slightly better numbers in O-Swing% and Z-Swing% and much better contact rates at O   Z-Contact% than Heyward. 

Yes, Heyward's defense more than makes up for any disparity at the plate (fangraps WAR for Heyward last year was 5.1 and Markakis was 2.5). But Markakis won't come with Heyward's price tag (after 2015) and gives us a higher contact bat in the lineup. Would I rather have Heyward? Yes, of course. But Markakis isn't bad. 









 i'm lvl. kcbarn 




 This happened in 2006! Here's [video proof for OP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqXkLP7ZkU0) 









 How do I buy this?? 




 Fox News thinks that's too soon. 




 credit to /u/rkcr who had this idea in the thread of the Guardian article about 15 board games that make you a better person.  




 It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world if we traded him within the division. Generally when you make a trade within the division the price goes up. Could get an even better return on him. And then just throw him high fastballs 16 games a season.  




 I went to college with a girl who prided herself on being able to predict what type of food a guy had eaten the day before based on how their jizz tasted. She called it her "party trick." She was popular at parties.

**edit:** I don't think she could actually taste anything. I think she just liked dicks in her mouth. 




 My fault, you are right. He was just an out machine 




 On paper. And we had the 2nd worst offense, only to Padres, in all of baseball. Simba, CJ and BJ were strikeout machines. All of the infield, except Freddie, were black holes at the plate. Freddie slumped, didn't hit for power. Heyward got on base at a good clip, but didn't hit all that well. JUpton's numbers were buoyed by a few great streaks. One of which came in that big losing streak so it was wasted, not that that was any fault of his.

Why are people saying Chris Johnson was good at the plate this year???? Did you people watch games???  




 "Heyyyy...you!" 




 I think I just generally assume that places with the name of a person aren't owned by the most famous person with that name.  




 OP: "I'm from Canada" So? Is Newfoundland   Labrador only for dogs? 




 /r/Im14andthisisWTF 




 Where is the dog? Is it behind the paddington bear? 




 Well, I just went from real happy to sad in 3 pictures.  














 Where were the good hitters? 




 Hmmm, this was all what I heard on the news. I guess I'll go find some crow :) 




 74 inches in Buffalo in 24 hours is a US record 




 Once in a generation? Who the fuck is saying that? This is literally the most snow in US History in this time frame. 




 Hell yea. Keep on keepin on 




 Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate 




 That's cool too. Everyone is different. 




 Hey man, it's the thought that counts.  




 Real men admit to whatever the hell they like 




 People need to stop looking at it like 'holy shit we traded heyward for shelby miller wtf.' 


Heyward has 1 year left on his deal, and by all accounts the Braves weren't going to be able to match what he may get on the market. Shelby Miller is young and, more importantly, has **4 years of control.** For GM's in baseball, money and contract control is HUGE. There's no way this trade would be done if each player had the same remaining contract length 




 Let go of the hate, man. Haters gonna hate hate hate hate hate. Shake it off.  




 This is the only comment that needs to be posted. 




 Samoyeds just always look like the happiest freaking dogs. Love those fluff balls 




 gasoline makes me run. back seat. trunk space. helllooooooooo.  




 I'm a grown ass man and I fucking love me some Taylor Swift. God dammit that girl can write a song. That said, I do think her decision to write a song about dog eating may have crossed a line. 


Edit for the haters: Real men admit to things that they like, whatever the fuck it may be. Life tip for guys: be confident in whatever you like, whatever you're into and own that shit. Chicks dig confidence, not name calling and poo-pooing other peoples' interests. 




 Your brother got ripped off. Those aren't boots or cars. 




 I'm downtown Buffalo. There's nothing here besides sunshine. It's crazy how the weather band is so exact. 5-6 feet of snow today in the Southtowns and nothing in Buffalo or Northtowns.  




 for people not living in WNY, that's a bit easier than saying West Seneca, East Aurora, Lancaster, Orchard Park etc. 




 Photo credit to [Mark T Branden](https://twitter.com/mtbranden) 









 Here's the article for those without insider:


Monday's trade between the St. Louis Cardinals and Atlanta Braves indicates the Cardinals are going all-in for 2015. 

Jason Heyward is just a year from free agency, but that one year will be a very valuable one, even if he just maintains the status quo. Getting away from the parade of dubious hitting coaches he worked with in Atlanta may help him unlock the still-untapped reserve of superstar potential in his bat. 

Heyward consistently rates among the majors' best defensive outfielders in terms of both advanced defensive metrics and traditional evaluations. A decent center fielder in high school, he outgrew the position but maintains the athleticism and strong reads that allowed him to play there as an amateur. He's a smart, disciplined hitter who gets on base at a good clip and doesn't strike out excessively, though he has had a lot of trouble maintaining a consistent swing around some shoulder issues; he often cuts off his load, producing too many ground balls with a shorter swing path. 

Oscar Taveras' death left the Cardinals without a clear right fielder for 2015, and this move locks down the position for just $7.8 million, making the team 4-5 wins better right away. It also gives the team the chance to work with Heyward and see if they can make him the MVP candidate most folks (myself included) expected him to become. 

The Cardinals also get two years' worth of right-handed reliever Jordan Walden, who throws a heavy mid-90s fastball and has developed a plus slider. According to pitch f/x data from baseballsavant.com, hitters swung and missed at one of every five sliders Walden threw in 2014, and put just 1.4 percent of them in play for hits. It's an ugly delivery, and he always has had command issues, but I believe the Cardinals have some kind of special fairy dust they sprinkle on relievers to get a little extra something out of them. And even if I just made that up, he'll give them 50-60 above-average innings of late-game relief work. 

[+] EnlargeShelby Miller
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Atlanta-bound Shelby Miller posted a 2.92 ERA after the All-Star break in 2014.
For their trouble, the Braves get two premium young arms, one ready to step right into their rotation and one who immediately becomes the best pitching prospect in their farm system. Shelby Miller now has two solid, healthy seasons as a major league starter and won't be eligible for arbitration until after 2015. He seemed to find the perfect formula for his pitch mix in the second half of last season, working in his curveball more and using the four-seamer less; in turn he missed more bats, got more called strikes and cut his walk rate substantially. He's a mid-rotation starter at worst, as long as he stays healthy, and given his delivery and the evolution of his approach, I believe he can end up as a solid No. 2 starter. 

Tyrell Jenkins was the No. 74 prospect for me going into the 2012 season, then shoulder injuries robbed him of much of that season and 2013. But he came back healthy this year and was one of the best prospects in the Arizona Fall League. When I saw him there in October, he was 93-96 with good downhill plane, turning the pitch over quite well even at 95 mph, generating lots of ground balls. His slider was plus at 83-87, with curveball depth, and actually got sharper into his second and third innings. His changeup was fringy, straight at 86-88, effective because his delivery of the pitch is close to his fastball delivery, but lacking any life or action. He's as strong as ever, and his shoulder is the healthiest it has been in more than two years. A former three-sport star who had a football scholarship to Baylor, he repeats his delivery very well and has the aggressiveness you'd expect (and want) to see from a former quarterback. He immediately becomes the team's top pitching prospect and should be ready to begin 2015 in Double-A. 

The trade makes a ton of sense for both teams, although it's an acknowledgment on Atlanta's part of the weaknesses of the current roster and farm system and may not read very well to some of their fans. The Cardinals are -- and should be -- in win-now mode; they needed to upgrade their production on the corners and have some pitching depth to play with. As good a prospect as Jenkins is, he has thrown just 215 innings in the last three regular seasons combined and has never pitched a full, healthy season in pro ball. They can replace Miller in the rotation with one of Marco Gonzales or Carlos Martinez, assuming Michael Wacha returns healthy to be the fourth starter behind Wainwright, Lynn, and Lackey, and they have other young arms on the way. 

Atlanta was likely to lose Heyward after the season to free agency, and their farm system was left in terrible shape after former GM Frank Wren's tenure, so this deal helps restock their system with four more years of Miller and potentially six of Jenkins in exchange for one year of Heyward and two of Walden. Atlanta needed to make a trade like this to get younger and extract value from Heyward while they could. The Cardinals didn't have the same urgency, but they strengthened a weak spot on the roster and did so without significantly damaging their future. 




 Ooo sorry, didn't even realize that. pasted as a comment. 









 so in the cooker, toss in the rice and all this other stuff (olive oil when it's done), cover with water and go? 




 Are these separate recommendations or all at once?? 




 I love white jasmine rice, but sometimes it's a bit bland after awhile. What are some quick easy ways to jazz up the flavor it. I usually just throw it in a rice cooker and mix it up with what i'm eating or put some butter on it as a side.  









 Yea, I'd prefer to not fly from Norway to Holland. I'd love to take a ferry/bus/train to take in all the scenery. Do you know what to expect on cost getting from Norway to Holland by land? 




 and possibly Austria after Holland. 




 Yes! I played it earlier this year at a demo day and it's a lot of fun. I'm not even a huge fan of Pandemic or co-op games in general. But this game moves quick, it's easy to pick up, there's a very good balance of luck and strategy. I'd definitely recommend it, even more so if you're a Pandemic fan.  




 solution: kiss every girl in the room. you will have kissed the second prettiest at some point 




 Go to Barnes and Noble. Their website has it in stock as does my local B N store 









 5/7 would never finish 




  Debbie Boehner?

Juice her 




 Amy's looking good. I'd Poehler. 




 Thor has hands? 




 oh god, that website. my eyes.  




 Do you have lots of earthquakes or people that randomly come in and throw your board games everywhere but can't figure out rubberbands? 




 Ah that makes sense. MSRP slashed out, a few bucks less than amazon. Don't forget that shipping charge at the end on orders  $100 :) 




 Scoring is not opaque at all in Terra Mystica. It's just done differently than some other games. Instead of a linear progression of building more valuable/higher scoring buildings, there are **scoring tiles** for each round that give bonuses for that round only. 

For example, Round 1 might give a bonus for every spade used. Round 2 may give a bonus for every trading house built. So it's very beneficial to time your buildings (if possible) to coincide with the round scoring bonus. That and other things like the cult track are linear progressions...the higher you go, the more you score. When you build a town, get a bonus tile with points. Pretty straightforward. 

Side note: Terra Mystica is my favorite game of all time. Freaking get it! 




 Why do you not like Fantasy Flight games?? 




 I'm as confused as you are. [This is the only sale I see](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/page/1175) 




 That doesn't really seem like a sale. Jaipur is normally $17-$19 on amazon. Love Letter is $7. Everything else is usually pretty close to those prices, it seems like everything is maybe $5 lower than usual? 




 Where did you get KONY?! I'm still waiting forever for my pre-order! 




 ooo I missed that one. My bad. Taking this down to avoid the clutter 




 Can I list **Pillars of the Earth** 10 times? 




 **Twilight Struggle** we didn't score the scoring cards properly. We just took whoever "won" and what they got, and never scored the other person. So if someone had Domination, we never gave points to the other person for having Presence the first two games. No wonder the USSR blew out the USA early in both games, ha. Figured it out in game 3, and the game went muuuuch more balanced.  




 Great week of gaming!

Mid-Week I hung out with a friend and we played an intense game of **1st   Goal.** I turned the ball over 4 times, got 3 penalties, lost 2 onside kick attempts, and my buddy had no turnovers, no penalties and won an onside kick. I got stomped, but it was so much fun. The game is just fun. You can't take it seriously or else you'll get frustrated! Just a silly game, with some strategy/trying to know what your friend is going to play.

Sunday night we ended with a great game night after football. Game of **Small World**, which I'm not the biggest fan of, and ended up finishing 3rd. It's a good game, but I've just been more into heavier games lately and this just never clicked with me since I learned it a couple years ago. 

2nd up was a 4 player game of **Terra Mystica**. I got the Nomads and tried to expand as fast as possible early. I ended up being kinda mean, cutting off 2 people and won in the end by a good margin. I was lucky too, as the 1st round scoring tile was for dwellings, the 2nd for trading houses so I lined those up nicely. I absolutely love this game. It's my favorite of all time. Especially with 4-5 players so there's much more interaction and territorial conflict. Everything just fits together so so nicely. And it is gorgeous to look at.


We then moved on to a quick game of **Tichu**. Such a great 4 player/pairs of 2 game. Love the dynamic of the dragon/phoenix and scoring cards. 


A couple friends left so to the end the night, my friend and I busted out **The Duke** for my first time ever. WOW. This game is brilliant. I love it. So simple, lots of strategy, some luck/randomness in which tile you randomly draw. I wonder what would happen if you made a variant where you don't randomly select which tile to draw: just leave em all out on the side and you can pick which one you want every time. Thoughts on that? 




 Tichu is *fantastic!* My group just played a few games last night. The dynamic with the dragon and phoenix is very interesting. There's a lot going on here. It seems a simple trick taking game, but there's definitely depth, strategy and tons of replay-ability 




 It's awful. 




 Hit up Osteria last night. They had a real solid menu for restaurant week. Lots of options. 




 No worries! Also looks like there's a similar package available for the houses if you need as well, with listed weights and dimensions 




 [Looks like this has the answer](http://www.amazon.com/Plastic-Hotels-Replacement-Miniature-Buildings/dp/B00DTXJV96/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1413995509 sr=8-1 keywords=monopoly+red+hotel)


It says that each piece is 1.1grams with Dimensions at 19 x 13 x 13mm 




 Haha, I think that would more be a job for the mods.  




 Thank you for posting this, I had forgotten it was starting yesterday! 


Thought: Is there anyway to make this a "sticky" or keep it in the top bar during the duration of the auction period? I think it would be nice to keep it up front for the next few weeks to get as much notice as possible.  
























