 Thank You 




 Today in the NY Times: Was Mike Brown a patsy? Did he have ties to the Free Cuba Movement? 




 I don't care who endorses who. To me it's all about track record and what they can do for the county as a whole. Saying you don't like someone because of who endorses him is like saying you don't like the Cardinals because Jon Hamm is a fan. 




 Last I heard was this as well. 




 $56.72 









 Great bomb right there. 




 Same here. Thought it was my phone. 




 That's My Job by Conway

She Thinks His Name Was John by Reba 




 Hell we would have gotten bail together. 




 I didn't hear about Tusk until Clerks 3 was canned for the time being and that was 2-3 months ago. You'd think somebody would of thought to at least release a trailer or plug it someplace other than his podcast. Have a feeling that this is turning into Jersey Girls 2.0. 




 MY EARS!!! OH GOD MY EARS!!! 




 27, born   raised in the Midwest, and 95% of the people I know have kids and are or were married. 




 Just turned 27 Wednesday and this fits me perfectly. 




 These latest ones give me a chance to "practice" before the big one. Can't wait for the big one. 




 Tough - Justin McBride

Big Boot 




 Can your SS see what subs you are subscribed to or is it based all on your comments and post? 




 This makes me want to put batteries in the GPS and get back out there. 









 If soft scrub and a green pad isn't cutting it then it sounds like somebody shouldn't be touching the pans. 




 Thanks to the network the PPVs have turned into Sunday Night Raw unfortunately. 




 Love this song but hard to believe it's 23 years old. I feel old now. 




 Like I mentioned on FB for anyone who saw it, but signed up for Postcards and Trick R' Treat for my first EVER exchanges. So excited I can't wait. 




 I must find this store. 









 I usually cross the Lewis and Clark, take a left at 100, and take the river road through Grafton usually making Pierre Marquette the turn around point. 




 Can remember it like yesterday. Was listening to the scanner at the time they put a call out for a construction accident with person trapped. Next thing I know they disregarded the ambulance meaning he was already gone. Have to say Bob was one of a kind. Never got the chance to meet him but just by looking at what he has done you can see it. 




 Where was this when I was in meat class in Culinary School? Would have saved me a ton of wrong test answers. 




 Nope just saying he better look again because she's not only topless. 




 Topless huh? Yeeeeah ok. Hey OP you see that area below the tan line? Yeah that's where you came out. Sweet dreams! 




 Have had both and would take t-mobile over Sprint any day. Granted I did find some deadspots with T-Mobile. 




 Lived here all my life and have never heard this story so fill me in. 




 Only misdemeanors!?!? SMDH 




 Not the one I was thinking of but this works so much better. 




 Need that Picard pic STAT. 




 We had two of "that guy" in my neighborhood. One moved away 2-3 months ago and he was the street drunk. Everyday his wife would leave for work and he'd go up get himself a bottle and get shitface wasted. Had to call the cops on him a couple times because he'd want to fight after getting drunk.

Other one still lives next door and is a good guy in all but he's out there. When he's outside his voice carries where I'm sure you can hear him blocks away. 









 TL;DR if this was already posted:

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/09/20/quiet-neighborhood-shaken-by-small-plane-crash/15977361/ 




 Funny part of this is you'd get the ticket and he'd drive away Scott free. 




 It's no different than what it is now. I mean someone can still raise a shitton of money, withdraw it, and go live it up. 




 Same 




 Would love to see these typed up and published. I'd buy on release day. 




 Basically a box to hide something. Back in the day they used to have bootleg cars that had secret compartments to hold moonshine. That way if the cops were to stop ya they wouldn't find it. This box here though could have been in a house where if it was raided by the police nothing will be found. 




 Looks like a bootleggers box made to look like an old radio. 




 I remember about 20 years ago when a local grocery chain added computer screens with gps to their carts. Now this was mid-90s so that was advanced for us. 




 Old Town Donuts?

Yeah the DD didn't last long at all. Went once and had such bad service I never went back. 




 Dave is that you? 









 Mine happened earlier this year, and it doesn't sound like that big of a thing but it was to me. I connected with a girl I know on a personal level. Basically we sat up and talked all night. 




 Oh god this screams PsBattle material. 




 What's scary about it? If you don't want the work done and know that it's BS just throw it away. 




 Yeah I don't think it's low blood sugar because after I sleep I wake up feeling just fine, and plus I can still function when this happens. 




 I like it. You have anymore you could post? 









 We need an AMA with your Aunt.

Edit: Just saw where one is being planned. 




 Pedobear Approves! 




 Wood chipper and pig farm nuff said. 









 This great news calls for this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye8mB6VsUHw 




 Got one in my wallet right now. Had to ax over the app along with a copy of my culinary school idea. If you're not in school they require a business card. 




 Ahh let's present the evidence shall we: http://fox2now.com/2014/09/08/two-jefferson-county-construction-workers-describe-michael-brown-shooting/

"The two unidentified men, who were working for a Jefferson County construction company, watched Michael Brown die from half a football field away."

"The Fox 2 witness immediately wrote down what he saw.  He also drew a diagram showing him and his co-worker about 50 yards away."

Oh and here the unreliable witness kicker: "Both witnesses said they did not see the reported altercation at the police car, but looked up after hearing a shot or shots."

Also I've noticed that before the incident occurred your last post was 2 years ago but let this happen aka something that could build karma you're back and posting about it like crazy. All I can say to that is the bandwagon has left the station Bye Felicia. 




 You should cross post this in r/nottheonion. 




 Why post a link when you won't believe it. In a way you're just like me. What I mean is you believe what you believe is right and won't be turned any other way. 




 You do know that distance changed right? When it was first reported they said 50 yards away yet the next day it went down to 50 feet. Anyway I'm done talking about this because i got better shit to worry about than a black kid getting shot by a cop. It turns into the same old song and dance and the song keeps skipping. 




 Explain to me how in the hell the construction workers saw what happened when they stated themselves they were a half a football field away and only looked up after hearing the first shot. 




 That's Matt Foley's wife. She left the van down by the RIVER! 




 Looks like a test tube holder. 




 Because it took some of those 6 weeks or months to come forward. Enough time to make up something based on what the others are saying. 




 Sauce? 




 This IS a jury looking at every piece of evidence laid out before them in order to consider an indictment or not. This is not a fly by not thing that is going to be done in one day just because they have 6 wow 6! eyewitnesses that are not all that reliable. 




 That is no where enough evidence to indict somebody because it is not reliable and not the only evidence they have. They have to look at the actual autopsy reports not only the one the family ordered which IMO is unreliable because the Dr. performing it didn't have the x-rays or the clothing. Also they have to look at the self defense claim thoroughly and make sure it was actually self defense which looks to be the case. Like has been said before unless Ofc. Wilson is hung by the balls none of the protesters are going to be happy. 




 Loved your character in Waiting. Was that the role you tried out for to begin with or what they thought fit you best? 




 Well if that's enough evidence which it's not last time I checked toss everybody up and throw away the key cause I'm sure we've all done something where there were 6 and more eyewitnesses. It's why when I was going to school for Criminal Justice they taught me to separate the witnesses so they can't feed off of each other which seems to be what is happening here. 




 Yeah there might be 6 eyewitnesses BUT are they 6 reliable eyewitnesses? I could saw I was an eyewitness too by going by what others are saying. Doesn't necessarily mean that I was there. 




 Special Agent Orach Red here with Special Agent Sun Daisy 




 Comedy Forum in St. Charles still around or is that all Electric Cowboy? 




 Mainly depends on what area you're in. Since certain parts on St. Louis have unique delivery options. 




 Probably going to come up with another sob story just that in this one the grandmother died and they want to spread the ashes. 




 After reading the article and the comments here I just have to say this: The problem here in not McCullough it is the fact that the protestors want Ofc. Wilson hung by the balls to put it simply, and the protestors are feeling that with McCullough prosecuting the case he won't do that. I mean the Pope, Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, or Your own mother could be the prosecutor on this case and unless the balls are hung the people asking for McCullough's resignation still won't be happy. 




 Chef here too and the only thing I'd use that for is decoration. 




 I see Wayne Brady skinned Blue. 




 I'm saying with fall coming early we're going to get hit with winter early as well. 




 Well no wonder it's hard  read and at the bottom where if people found what they wanted higher up they're not going down that far. 














 Ahh the fat coconut eater. He has had some good matches in the past but the last year or two its been ehh. 














 LET HIM OUT! 




 Hooters 




 Where did you find that at? 




 Until you get rid of the people running that town i.e. the Mayor and Police Chief it's going turn into that saying You can polish a turd and it's still a turd. 




 Ditto. Birthday is a week from Wednesday and was thinking Fast Eddies for lunch but this place needs the business. 




 Give that server the middle finger from me for even taking that order. 




 Sauce? 




 It's not in the tread.
Not in the tread?
Not in the tread they said.
So brush your teeth and go to bed.
If your Mother find you, you'll end up dead.
Cause it's not in the tread they saaaaaid. 




 Oh come on just roll with it. 






















































 Does anyone know of a bar here in St. Louis that'll be showing the PPV season opener? 
























 Was it heaven? Are you a Zombie? 




 Here in St. Louis a good majority of our bars that serve food close the kitchen at 10 and last call for alcohol is about 1:25 because bar closes at 1:30. 




 Damn how many hands do you have? 




 Damn phone. That should be Feast. 




 It sounds like the ship is sinking and you're still on board. IMO it's best to jump overboard now before it's too late. 




 No music but we'd belt out whatever song was in our head and 9/10 others would join in. 




 I've made many many menus using Word and the clipart in it. Of course those were for rehearsal dinners and other catering events. 




 The app for people who forgot the number to 911. 




 The wild cat sanctuary is great and if you got the money you can even stay there. Mostly it's shopping, plays/musicals, and eating. My uncle used to own a cafe in the downtown district called The Eureka Springs Food Court. Best vacation ever was singing karaoke there and helping him out in the cafe.

 




 Eureka Springs, AR to visit family even though I haven't been in 11 years OR down the river road to Pier Marquette State Park. 









 Nah that's definitely the bunny from Monty Python and The Holy Grail. 




 Feat and Sauce are your best options. 




 Any maker marks stamped into the metal? 




 Been there before with Amazon. I'd track my package and it'd be sitting in the hub 5 minutes away. Like ok can I come pick it up? 




 Michael Bolton 




 Have some pics like that from 4 years ago of the market and union station. Very photo worthy places. 




 The story I heard on the scanner was they jumped through the sunroof and weren't moving. Then all of a sudden they say he's conscious and alert. Even called the newsroom at 2 to tell them this but they kept saying that he died. Did tried to change the title here and take out fatality but haha turns out you can't edit titles. 




 1.) Matheny doesn't know what he's doing bullpen wise. When a pitcher is doing great he takes them out and put someone like Rosenthal in which leads to #2...

2.) Rosenthal is by far our worst closer IMO. He's like Issy from a few years back where when he's put in you know there's a high probability we're losing.

2.) Our outfielders when playing in SF. They did say it was a hard outfield to play but still there was no coverage. Especially when they had to run to hell's half acres to catch the ball. 




 Burnie Gus looks like Jarrod the Subway guy. 




 That I do. More than one "thing" at that.

 




 Exactly I'm not going to be intimidated and run. With that said I will add that if they come out this way I will defend not only myself but also my house and family no questions asked. 




 God God they still make those books? I remember those books when I was in elementary school and that was many moons ago. 




 Oh been there many times. Hell still did it in Culinary School. 









 Have to give a big old amen to that last part. Right now that's what keeps me from drinking excessively. 




 In this case it'll be Brute and Old Spice for me. 




 Was listening over the scanner and the cop who found the car involved said it was full of beer cans and other shit(exact quote). 




 That's what I've said for years. With it being the main highway from the airport to downtown you'd think they would fix up the areas around the highway. 




 Guy jumped through the sunroof of a moving vehicle and now WB side of the highway is closed. 




 1.) Start it off by watching RAW and Smackdown together. Not full on event.

2.) Case in point he fucked Steph and is now head of NXT. 




 Straight OP's fault here for two reasons:

1.) You took a non-wrestling fan to a wrestling event aka taking her to something that probably bored her out of her mind. If I was you I would have just taken the nephew for a mini guys night.

2.) You dated your boss' daughter. What were you expecting to stay with her and get one of those "I fucked the boss' daughter promotions?" You never date the daughter of your superior because when that goes south so does the job. 




 There was an AP article that came out a week ago titled "MO Flea Market Plagued With Crime To Close," and it was all about the Pagedale flea market. 




 Name? 




 Girl my ribeyes are on your hot behind. 




 Was gonna ask if I missed a memo or something. WE CAN DO IT! WE CAN DO IT ALL NIGHT LONG!!! 




 I tried this one time before but the girl just screamed and asked how I got into her house. Oh Well! 




 Don't have much to add other than welcome to the club. 




 That's what I started out on. My Mom worked in a hospital and used to bring those home to me. The shave was shitty but they did the job. 




 Surely you can't be serious? 




 Remind anybody else of the no more spaces scene from Police Academy 1? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZRGxNozcp4 




 Because it's Grand. 




 Not bad but if we really want to impress Guinness we have to hit that rare Fiver and with it getting colder it gets rarer. 




 Ooh damn. Are we going for the word record or some shit cause I'm pretty sure Chicago takes that honor. 




 Was before or after the whole quitting the business thing? 




 I agree the evidence needs to be known but would people believe it or continue to believe what they want to believe. In this situation that being he was a good boy with only a sandwich. 




 I took what you said as the sooner people back these protesters the safer it'll be and that'll never happen. Not everybody is going to support their cause. I mean I'm not, my family isn't going to, and I know 95% of my friend aren't going to either. We all think it's idiotic to protest this but not protest the black on black crimes that are statistically hurting the city more. Just today we had the 106th confirmed homicide in the city which is a 30% increase from this time last year. 




 Yeeeeeah I don't see that happening anytime soon. 









 LMAO @ St. Quiznos Thought he might be considered The Earl of Sandwiches #2. 




 Valuable and Upstanding citizen with a rap sheet 3 miles long. Ooook yeeeeeah somebody explain that one to me. 




 Go Go Gadget Selfie 




 They did it when they tried to shut 70 down so it wouldn't surprise me. 




 Thank you. This could either get fun or really weird. Haha 




 Saw the original origin of this meme but what is it called? 




 As a Chef I like the Farm to Table concept but I have a feeling this guy has no restaurant experience or farming experience for that matter. I can see $30,000-$35,000 easily for this and that's for a pop-up restaurant but not 5mil. 




 For just $5,000 you get that final 1%. 




 Precisely  




 Sorry man but that's not what she was laughing at. 




 Is that a sledge hammer in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? 




 Nice to see the "Little Man" succeed. Keep up the good work and congrats on the stellar year. 




 Damn it! Now I gave to return the van and all this candy. 




 Looooved that show and had a lil crush on the robot chick. 




 Ghostwriter and The Letter People on PBS

Under The Umbrella Tree and Zoobalee Zoo on Disney 




 That's My Job and The Game's Daddy Play both by Conway Twitty

She Thinks His Name Was John by Reba

Go Rest High On That Mountain by Vince Gill 




 2nd this. 




 Just put is simply: If you outlaw guns then only outlaws will have gun. Plain and simple. 




 "Damn it I told you not to wiz on the electric fence." 




 OMG thanks for the no help. Wow that's the best advice that EVER. Hahahaha

 




 The reason we don't riot is because we're not that stupid. Blacks walk around target with guns too. Only difference is us whites do it legally. Take your asinine logic and go home because you're making yourself look bad.

 




 Thought the pique wasn't right but wasn't sure. Took out and changed what you suggested. Thanks for the help. 




 It's very relevant. You don't see these protest when a black thug shoots another black person do ya? 




 Anybody know where I can get one of those bullet firing sandwiches??? 




 Had a cop kill an 18yo here last night in a kill or be killed situation. Yet his family is playing the he was a good boy card even though he had a rap sheet a mile long. 




 Got one back in 05 in Missouri for my 18th. Used it until I needed blades and then pitched it. 




 Fixed the not public problem. Didn't even know that was checked. 









 Met my ex in college so I was walking her to class, noticed the teacher wasn't in there yet, so we just set up against the wall, and opened up to each other. She told me about her dreams and fairs which I can remember the dream but not the fear, and I opened up to her about mine. It was the first time we got emotional in front of each other but not the last. 




 OMG How dare you say something so morbid. BTW you gave me the wrong change. 




 Got one a couple weeks ago on my birthday and started laughing. Happy Birthday either way. 




 For physical: Knee pain, back pain, and carpal tunnel

Mental: Anxiety, alcoholism, depression, sleep deprivation

Cure: Alcohol and pain meds 




 From looking at the jack n the box section it looks like if you got a sourdough jack with extra cheese and a mint shake you'll have everything in that section. 




 Already posted: http://www.reddit.com/r/fastfood/comments/2ig576/playing_chicken_burger_king_cuts_nuggets_price/ 














 Nice find on the Kristofferson album. 




 St. Louis- Vintage Vinyl 




 Well let's say BK does the industry standard of upcharging 30% of the food cost, and that 10-nuggets cost 4.99 30% of 4.99 = 1.49700 so they are just breaking even with no profit. 




 Alright cool Thanks for the quick help. 




 Italy Padova to be exact. 




 I retrieved my match for the postcard exchange and all they have is a city but no address. Is this normal or other countries or what? I never sent something international so I'm not sure. 




 So it reboots the porn sites? 




 Same here. Last time I had them was back in the BK Kids Club days. 




 Your profile is one that would make me stop and say hmm... Got a fave from me and loved the "Really fucking weird" line but seems like that's just me. 




 I'm saying the 57%/27% might explain for this. 




 Hey what's up? 









 After seeing the pic and reading your comments I bow before you. Especially with the MS Access usage. 




 Y'all are jus rong. 




 Looks like Violet from Willie Wonka AFTER the blueberry incident. 




 Everytime I go to the mobile site the pics don't show up for me. Was wondering if anybody else is having the same problem. 




 Not something you discuss with a potential date/relationship over the computer. This is a topic best suited for an established relationship as well as face to face. 




 I'll ask the obvious question: You said yes right? Haha 




 Well that would explain these silver bracelets. 




 Hell if she lived next door to me I'd be moving next door. lol 




 Did not even recognize her. I feel like an idiot now. 




 Name? 




 I remember getting in trouble back in 1st grade for playing some jack o lantern game on the Commodore 64 past recess. 
























 Damn I need to go to the bank and get that million dollar loan. 




 We have two local food oriented publications here in St. Louis called Feast and Sauce, local cultish paper has a food section, food section in the St. Louis Post Dispatch every Wednesday, and twitter/facebook. 




 Keep fucking reading this as anus instead of aus. Dirty mind tends to wander. 




 Oh yeah big time. 




 Well gives new meaning to the word peaceful. 




 UFOs going back to their hanger at lamb....oops I said too much. 




 Was going to give you a list of stuff but see what I was going to say has been covered. Good luck and most importantly have fun. 




 Was a KM once at a Mom   Pop place because nobody else wanted the job or work for that matter so I know what you're going through. 

What i wish somebody would have told me is to get a key to the place in order to let the delivery guys in. I lived right across the street from the place and would see them show up but couldn't do shit because I never could get ahold of the owner. Had many orders that we had to go next door to the quick shop and buy sodas because the Pepsi guy couldn't deliver. 




 Somebody get this man some coffee or a beer STAT! 




 It reminds me of Chumlee from Pawn Stars. Any other time the guy is a few fries short of a Happy Meal but you start talking to him about something he loves and is passionate about and he will blow your mind with his knowledge. Take Gavin and his love of camera work and he could school you I guarantee. 




 I just want a hug from Bayley. Is that too much to ask? 




 Wow amazing haul and loving that coffin humidor. 




 Girl is cute and the dog just needs a reboot. 









 Like has been said don't apologize because she saw you were actually passionate about something. 




 Sounds like the David Crosby Melissa Etheridge situation. 




 With the high possibility of people coming in from out of town I see a mixture of 1  2 leading to 3. 




 Said the exact same thing but I don't see my comment now. 




 So... I guess the man that was ganged up on and beaten by the protestors was actually beaten up by the police??? Damn gotta say that if you really are getting an education at SLU I'd ask for a full refund because it's not helping you any. 




 When you step into a battle zone like Ferguson was you have to expect the risk involved with standing around like the bystanders and media were. Of course I had a debate with you one time before and that was like talking to a wall so I'm leaving it at this. 




 They're lucky it was just tear gas and not live rounds. Usually when you approach a cop in a threatening manner they have every right to protect themselves any means necessary. 




 An I went to Ferguson and all I got was this shirt t-shirt but with fake bullet holes. 




 Enjoyed your gimmick in the E and was just wondering who was the toughest opponent none kayfabe? 




 The D-Bag radar is pinging hard with this one. 









 Well that sucks. Used to listen to Brian McKenna and Jeff Burton everyday coming home from culinary school. It sounds like too many people had their hand in the pot thus leading to the fights. 




 Amateurs! I have a 56K modem for a iPaq 3835 in my back pocket right now right next to my Pog slammer. 




 Free napkins are great and all but can we talk about the use of comic sans font? 




 Ditto. We've been missing out on the table, cooler, and seat bed fun. 









 Hopefully they rebrand him into something enjoyable. Also get rid of that diaper looking speedo. 




 Oh this fits so well: http://imgur.com/WWwaDLs 




 I've had one of those girls in one of my kitchens. Takes the fun out of a dirty joke when you have to explain it. 




 Had a Grandpa serve in the Navy during WWII and my Dad served as a medic in the Army during the Korean War so your service is much appreciated here. Thank You for it. 




 Go to Pappy's and ask for Mike Emerson(the owner). He's a great guy and I'm sure he'll help you out somehow. 




 Name??? 




 Yep. Even went through a miscarriage with the girl and she ended up marrying the guy she cheated on me with. 




 You forgot the eggs. I mean how are we supposed to make the traditional St. Louis French toast without eggs? 




 Damn it Luke I told you no base jumping until 30 minutes after you eat but nooooo you didn't want to listen. 




 My question is where the hell did he get his info at??? 




 I'd have had to ask him doesn't the security of said hotel know how to rewind it themselves. 




 As long as it's one of the central logo ones in fat guy sizes I'm game for any color. 




 One of those songs I can put on repeat and it never gets old. 




 Sounds like he's trying to set up an online date for her instead of a dinner reservation. 




 These costumes are Legen....Wait For It.....dary. 




 Well besides restraining myself from killing some squirrels (long story) mine was good. 




 Been having problems with them for the past month trying to get the bills on time as well as the rest of the mail. For 2 weeks straight nobody on my street got mail on Thursday. Just did an exchange and saw where my gift was sent USPS and tracked it like a hawk. Thankfully it came in one piece undamaged. Sucks that this happened but glad it was in one piece. I do have an 800 # for their customer service if you'd want it. 




 Both The Christmas Story and Rugrats signify my childhood. 




 Was playing GTA Online with a buddy and his BIL, and all of a sudden his BIL starts freaking out telling us to get to him ASAP. We get there and it's a UFO  that was sticking out of the street. Uploaded the pics to social club: Itsmy6 




 My eyes MY EYES!!! But like has been said wash your own damn knives and not in the dishwasher either. 




 Saw where there's one today with the two directors of ABCs of Death and I can't help but ask why. IMO by far one of the worst movies ever made. 




 A couple of their girls have done this but none to this scale. Most famous of the bunch is Violet riding the gearshift of a parked car. A lot of people don't know that at one time Ryan Keely was a FTV model, and there's a clip of her masturbating and squirting on what looks to be a closed restaurant patio. 




 If you go to the brewery's site it has recipes on there of what you can make with the beer, and everyone for that beer is a baked good. 




 That Milk Stout Nitro is one of the first beers I drank a whole 6-pack of by myself. Stuff goes great with some chocolate chip cookies. Also some nice sticks there so kudos on the trade. 




 Was just about to post this exact thing. 




 Science Rules! Thanks for the pics and sucks that it wasn't a real one. 




 It's still real to me damn it!!! 




 Well I've had Apple and Android over the years so I thought hey go windows plus it was $100 for the phone. Had I known then what I know now app wise I'd have kicked my own ass. 




 According to him it's all bullshit and he's staying put. 









 ^ All this and a bag of chips...with some nacho cheese sauce. 




 Wish there was a Windows Phone version but I'm getting used to not having 95% of the apps Apple and Android get. 




 Pretty sure a belt sander is what caused this problem to begin with.

 




 If you want one cheap you can go to Ferguson and loot one. 




 She looks like Charlie Laine with a tit job IMO. 




 I don't see him getting in. What they don't seem to realize is that South County and West County aka mostly white areas also vote on this too. I said it before and I'll say it again I don't give two hoots in hell who endorses who because in the end it's all about who can benefit the county more  




 Yeah the SJ pretty much seized to exist about 5 years ago. Was a sad time at my house when it happened. 




 I live in N. County right by Ferguson and we pretty much forgot about it unless something major happens. It's business as usual other than the neighbors and I have the guns loaded just in case they come this way. 




 LMAO There was already a banner up on a pedestrian walkway saying the same so I don't see how this is any different. 




 After goofing off with the What Does The Fox Say question and answer I decided to try other animals to see what would happen.

From what I tried here's what worked:

Cat
Dog
Pig
Cow
Chicken
Rooster
Duck 




 Tried 5 times to get her to understand hardware store. Eventually I said F this and typed it in. 




 Be prepared for the common complaint about WP not having certain apps that iPhone does. 




 Not really. If you bring a cart back yes a quarter pops out but you still have to use a quarter to unlock a cart so technically that doesn't count as free. 









 Did not even know that one. Haha nice 




 Found that out last week by goofing off with Cortana and I literally Yayed at it. 




 27 yo and have yet to have mine. 




 Was just about to post this. Loved the book but the movie was out there. 




 That's almost Prime grade marbling right there. Very beautiful pieces. 




 Won a facebook contest a year or two ago by some local Horchata company. I think I was the only one who entered and it was the last contest they had. Ended up getting 3 cases of canned coffee drinks and a thank you note.

Another time won a contest given by Patron tequila for a top secret dinner. Premise was that I had to show up to a hotel, give the parking attendant the password, and wait for a shuttle bus with other people. Turns out the dinner was on the outfield of Busch Stadium but I didn't go because it was too secrety. 




 Well we have Wallet on our phones but it's completely useless. They need to make it like ApplePay but I see that never happening. 




 A lot of these companies have even admitted to saying F You to WP users because the market is so small. There are times I wish I would have went back to Apple instead of WP. 




 This store look like the Quick Mart in Florissant off Charbonieer. 









 This post pulled me in but it's like I got stood up by a date. 




 Love me some lizards and gizzards. They're very easy to make also. Just do a three step breading of seasoned flour, egg/butter milk mixture, and another thing of seasoned flour. After that toss them in the fryer and cook until they float. 














 You're Welcome and guess not. 




 Not sure why you're being down voted but would go here: http://www.yp.com/fenton-mo/deer-processing 




 Any pets? If so blame them, if not it was nice kinda knowing ya. 




 Not a member but been to a meeting and a competition and have to say they were mostly huge networking events. If you need to network among people in the field I say go ahead and sign up. 




 Iron Pigeons would make a damn good band name. 




 Had one of those Taylor ones in my Chef bag from Culinary school and ended up saying F this and got a digital one for $20. 




 Bun Munchers 




 Best friend has those same exact yoga pants so I had to check for tats. lol 




 Tried reporting it but it just takes me back to the pledge page. 




 Mostly Ghost and spirits. The latest happening Tuesday night with the usual cold spots and shadows. Knew that it was my best friend's mom watching over us so it didn't freak me out as much but she was bugging out.

Have also smelt roses before in places where I shouldn't, and after I googled it I found out it means a loved one who passed is present. 




 Wow people actually read that paper? I thought it was just put out as free wrapping paper or cage liner. 




 As a Chef I'd go with Kendrick's. Very friendly staff and they can get you want you need. 




 Rodney Dangerfield is that you??? 




 Downloading mine now. This should be fun....YAY! 




 Are they ever going to fix the typo with Area? 









  Although their food went over well with customers, Siao said they have revamped the old menu by throwing out the dishes that didn't sell and keeping the ones that were popular.

The place wasn't even opened long enough to figure either of the two truthfully. 




 My best friend happens to be a girl I had a thing for back in high school, and last night I stayed over at her house to keep an eye on her(long story I don't want to post on reddit). Well while not being able to sleep I got to thinking about how right after HS graduation I got real down in the dumps because I chickened out on telling her how I felt about her thus thinking I lost the opportunity for good. Long story short I got a second chance and she has known for a few years. 









 Remember when the topless photos of Cat got "leaked'? 
























