 i have been using recreationally for about 10 years now and i am still relatively young at 30.  I have been really good with not getting out of control in the amount i take as well.  i have only done pills like vicodin, percocet, norco, etc. never smoked, snorted or iv anything.  i'd say the most i've taken at once was only around 30mgs and when i use its around 20mg so yeah i would like to think that i am pretty responsible with my habit. I have had morphine in the hospital and it was great but i couldn't function whatsoever and have never tried seeking it out otherwise.  getting to your question:  Man, that's a hard one.  I'd really like to hope things never get that bad where I would feel the need to shoot heroin.  I enjoy life and need to be a functioning member of society or at least try to be lol and i feel that if i was shooting up heroin then that wouldn't be possible.  I just feel like if life is so bad where you are using heroin and I have rarely heard of a heroin user who cannot go a day without using, then your fucked basically.  Who knows, I might end up one day going that route but i'd really not want to at this point in my life. hope this makes some sense.    




 haha yeah but this was exactly what i was going to put as a comment til i saw someone already posted it so i just copied and pasted it in agreement lol 




 MFDdayshiftOld Head 1 point 3 hours ago

6 x 5 = 30 no matter how you slice it, youre in for the same night as normal.

beat me to it! 




 pill crusher than chase it with tonic water 




 jesus christ are you gonna be getting sawed in half or something!?! lol 




 THIS 

verichrome 19 points 3 hours ago

Dude, stop thinking about it and don't look back. Your life can only improve without opiates.
 




 definately do not do it!! i drank a bottle of expired codiene once and fuck.......... long story short, lets just say it was one of the worst experiences of my life.  oh and the stuff i drank was maybe 2 years overdue.  but 1991?!?! LOL holy shit!!! 




 i would say shoegaze type music. think my bloody valentine or lush. 




 i'm not denying that you can score there. probably the easiest spot in the city actually but assuming this person is a white upper middle class looking dude who is walking thru the TL paints a funny picture to me haha.  anyways if he wants it that bad he'll find it. 




 damn your straight up telling this guy to go to the tenderloin hahaha.  i guess if you are that desperate.  i am from SF all my life and its common knowledge to stay clear of this area but hey i am sure he will find what he needs there. 




 wow be careful with that haha. hopefully she isn't driving while taking that pic too lol! 




 have you been on a large dose for a long time? i have been on 10/325 for about 8 months and never any issues. seems like a nosey person. even if you were on a large dose for a long time it shouldn't matter i don't thinks its really their business as the pharmichist is really just a middle man. 




 i thought trainspotting was really good. it seems unbiased. 




 i got a killer hang nail. need a morphine drip stat 




 yeah my buddy is trying to talk me into driving cross country to go there after seeing oxycontin express.  i said naw i'm cool off driving that far for a possibility of getting pills lol.  i tried to explain to him that as far as what i have heard things have tightened up quite a bit there. 




 yep florida in its heyday was amazing i bet........ 




 if you can somehow prove the nerve is exposed i bet you'll do ok.  i've had about 5 root canals. knocked a couple out and a couple due to grinding my teeth when i slept. i was given a small amount of 5/500s. 20 pills with 3 refills i believe.  this was all done in sf bay area so i dunno but thats my experience with that. 




 I think you might have to jump thru some hoops and stuff a bit but if you have around 300 bucks you probably will get something.  I was about to go this route but needed a referral plus xrays from an immediate care place and it was getting too pricey so i didn't even do it.  I wasn't too into dropping that much $$ for potentially ending up with nothing.   




 i do tonic water sometimes. seems to help but i think its just a placebo effect.
 




 ive tried grapefruit juice for potentiation. didn't seem to do shit for me.   




 yeah i know. i'm not looking for opanas anyways haha
 




 never tried opana.  actually never really even heard of it til about a year ago.  anytime i'd get anything good for pain it was always just generic vicodin 5/500s and now finally norcos but it was never even discussed with my doc about percs, opana or other opiates. maybe because i have kaiser and they don't do business with the makers of opana and percocet?  because aren't those just the brand names?  like norco is the brand name of 10/325 hydrocodones too right?!!??  when kaiser prescribed me them they are generics and made by mallikondrit or whatever company that is.  i suppose if i wanted to i could ask for the brand name but it'd be way more expensive. sorry for all the noobish questions haha!!
 




 is that the ingredient in percocet? if so i have hads percs before. really weak 2.5's tho haha. they were white with blue speckles. 




 i'd say you are lucky to even have a dealer!! haha its pretty much impossible for me to find anything on the streets where i am.  plus the fact that he seems to lag is a characteristic seen in almost every drug dealer its like instilled in them to be flaky/late.  you'd think that dealers would be capable of being on time if all they have to do is hand over some pills and make a grip of money all in under a few mins but for some reason at least for the people i have dealt with almost don't want to make the easiest money ever. 




 yeah but if you say that you might run the risk of the doctor running you thru a buncha shit like xrays/ct scans etc thinking he will need to re operate or something.  i have been thru a similar experience is why i say this. in the end i didnt get any more meds but ended up spending a couple hundred bucks and wasting a lot of time.   




 yeah i can def see that happening.  i am usually best when i'm alone since a few times people have kinda killed my buzz when they have tried to have conversations with me haha.  sounds kinda selfish but yeah.  its kinda like i gotta focus on my high and not do anything that requires a lot of thinking lol.  I only use 20mg hydrocodone to just buzz so i'm obviously not nodding out.   




 yeah either that or the acetominophen.  i mean how much would there be if you really ingested 100mg of actual hydrocodone?  a lot, that's all i know haha.  i think it is just shitty reporting/wrong facts/reporters don't know shit about medicine.  
 




 yeah i can see how that happens like when i drink sometimes i get overly emotional but luckily for me never happens on opiates. always a good mood.   




 my point exactly!?!? i dunno man. some people pointed out opi rage which i have never encountered. 




 ive never taken near 100mg of vicodin haha.   




 ahh ok.  i have never experienced that. opposite effect on me.   




 noob question, but what is opi rage?  i have heard the term used before but can only speculate as to what it means. 




 good luck mine were impacted needed to be cut out and i got darvocet woohoo!!! 




 i'd think taking 100mg of vicodin would make him mellow out and not want to shoot anyone if having any effect at all on how he acted.  always makes me feel way more peaceful and less angry/agitated. just my 2cents. 




 why the fuck would you post this disclaimer or not.   




 i've taken them before. they were weird shaped but had that cursive v on them like the 5/500 vics i'm used to. anyways they weren't that great it felt like i had to take a lot to get anywhere but i did feel it a bit.  
 




 yeah i'm basically in the same boat. i just kinda went through the motions and graduated high school.  then at least when i went to college i was able to have a lot more control of the type of classes i could take so it was a bit easier but i still hate sitting in a classroom for x amount of hours. i know a lot of people that use add/adhd as an excuse for a lot of their shortcomings and it's just annoying. 




 never tried adderall but i was on dexedrine which is similar to ritalin i believe.  i dunno, i was in middle school when i was prescribed it for "adhd"  i quote that because i seriously can't say if i have it or not.  its kinda a crutch a lot of people use for being dumb shits imo haha. anyways, that shit didn't really do much other than make me loose my appetite and not want to eat much.  I only took them for a few years.  I have noticed that when i take opiates i am a lot more easy going and just in a better mood all together than when i'm not on them.   




 i have done the raid the medication drawer thing many a time before.  i felt/ feel really shitty about doing it but it was impossible for me not to grab a few pills when they are right there in front of me. most of the time it was just 5/500 vicodins that were leftovers (i checked the dates on the bottles if i had enough time).  that doesn't justify what i did though i know.  this was before i was able to get a legit script and i haven't done it since.  




 sorry to say but you are an alcoholic.  I went thru something similar for a few years straight.  Just try to go 24 hours without any booze.  Once you get that first day, it get way easier after that. 




 10 bucks for 60 10/325's a month from my doc.  I think I can afford that!! 




 i've actually never tried tramadol. heard it was not gonna do anything and i don't want to take any more pills than I need to so yeah i just chucked the script i had for like 20 of them.  i have had darvocet if it is like that. 




 to add onto what i just posted the last time i got tramadol i just threw it out. i thought it wouldn't do anything for me and i'm a lightweight (20mgs hydrocodone and i'm good)  is tramadol even comparable to say 5/500's?
 




 all this over tramadol?!?!   




 and yeah i always knew it was spelled contin not cotton. duh. haha. 




 i did?? i dunno, it wasn't intentional.  i guess i am not good at using this thing haha. 




 ah i thought you opiate users were supposed to me mellowwww broooo!!   




 i believe that is how mr wyte spells it! 




 the link:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfMLtj6qSsc 









 yeah they do the job for me! 




 lol i know this. read the comments i already posted!! 




 thanks man. only a couple a day work for me i'm not trying to get too crazy here haha 




 i know that and i'm not snorting them haha wtf.  i don't like swallowing pills so i usually just crush em.  this is a lot better than what i use to have to take- 5/500s.  i don't use a lot anyways i take like 2 a day 




 why wouldn't you? but you know best so tell me why not 




 you mean physically big?? they aren't when you crush em!! 









 Interesting. I now have a new bookmark and that kinda means a lot because I rarely bookmark shit hahaha 




 i had some prescribed to me and didnt want to take them cause I knew they wouldnt do shit and nobody would buy them off me so i threw em out.  i'd say they are useless. 




 if you have 1 or 2 beers you should be fine.  at least you arent taking 500's. I'd be worried most of the apap but i still wouldnt pop 6 10/325s and drink any alcohol at the same time though.  I will admit in the past i have drank and taken pills at the same time but i'm talking a few beers and 1 norco.  Its a good mellow feeling and intensifies both the beer buzz and the opiate high but I don't mix pills/alcohol anymore. 




 thats tough. i just turned 30 and look a lot younger so its been really hard for me to get docs to even to give me anything even though i have quiet a file at my hospital for surgeries/ dumb accidents. but yeah hopefully you feel better with that medicine and you are able to be functional!!  




 damn thats gnarly and you are only in your 20's!?!  i'm sorry to hear that- back injuries suck!  good luck with your pain management.   




 not trying to be a dick but how do you get these prescribed to you then turn around and be able to flaunt it to the net?!? shouldnt you be keeled over in pain right now!?!?!  (jealous)  




 btw what state are you in?? i am in california, bay area. 




 thats total bullshit. i am in the same boat as you i believe.  young, in actual real pain yet I do like to take pills and I will admit i love the way they make me feel.  I have quite an extensive file for injuries/surgeries for my young age so that is to my advantage but yeah its still fucking stupid how dumb it is to legally get anything. even 5mg vics. so what else is there for people like us to do?!?! i'm not gonna start going on the streets to find heroin, i know that much.....  right now i got my doc to scribe me 10/325 norcos. i only take 2 a day so i am barely scraping the surface of most of the peoples use on this reddit but i feel guilty already with that. it sucks cause i had to even build up to that with my doc!!  anyways that was really lame of her to judge you, i've had docs do that to me before. 




 that sucks, that doc sounds like a fucking dick.  were you really pressing him or trying to get some really strong shit that he would obviously know you were just going to abuse!?!?   




 they work a ton faster and are much safer than a razor blade imo!! 




 i've had that one but the clear and blue pod looking one works better for me. 




 I have owned that exact same one as in the pic.  I have a bit different styled one now that i believe works better. I think i got it at wallgreens 




 I always notice it kills my buzz when i start eating that is why i usually ingest on an empty stomach. 




 i usually only get presealed bottles made by qualitest via kaiser so i assume that they are going to be accurate. 




 non existent  




 For me its having a longtime doctor that trusts me to responsible with what she prescribes me (lortab 10's).  I have been good about not burning thru them quickly so i always get my refills.    




 yeah muscle relaxers. i have a shitload of samples of them for some reason. never taken any though.  they are probably expired now. 




 thats about when i had mine taken out.  I hadnt discovered opiates yet so i didn't even both to ask the surgeon but i shouln't of had to- its his job to prescribe what is needed for pain and trust me i was in pain for about a week after with only ibu 800s woohoo!!! 




 You got so damn lucky.  I didnt get any narcotics for mine and my wisdoms were impacted!!! 




 never used it but have been to it.  seems too risky and most people on there seem like scammers.  not taking a risk sending cash to someone i don't know without any knowing that i will ever receive my product. 




 ok i wasnt sure as I have never messed with any pill like that but they work great on regular pills. 




 for several things but mainly because I have been getting my whole mouth filled with dental implants due to grinding them away when i sleep.  also had to have about 5 pulled and have gum surgery on my upper gums.  Other than that I have had about 5 surgeries for broken bones just from dumb luck.  I am relatively young too (30 y/o) so my doc is really sympathetic to my condition haha!! 




 $10 for my prescription of lortab 10's.  i get 60 of them about every month.  I'm not a heavy user so i think I can afford 10 bucks about every month or so haha. 




 get a pill crusher from wallgreens or somewhere like that. i do it with norcos and take them orally and it hits me harder than if i just popped it.  I never have had your kinda pills so not positive it would work with them but it def. does with a regular pill. 




 i doubt you'll get anything. i've had about 5 done and never get anything. the point of a root canal is to end the pain you have been having.   




 near chico ca and its dry as fuck out here..... 




 how do you guys get so much strong shit prescribed to you?!?!?!   




 I am near chico and you would think it'd be easy to find something but I havent had any luck!!!   
























 thats lame as fuck. find a new doctor.  total bullshit man.  sorry to hear that shit.   




 I've had shitty and good ER experiences. Mainly shitty but i'd say its pretty hit or miss and just depends on who is working that shift in the ER. 




 i like peppermint schnapps with just regular coke. 




 lol can't agree with you more yet i am kinda empathetic to the OP. 




 yeah im pretty much in the same boat as you. its hard for me to just have like 3 beers cause i don't like them much so I drink harder stuff and it usually makes me too drunk haha. 




 "I don't know much about beer and dislike the taste of most I've tried. Any recommendations?"  Yeah I have a recommendation- if you don't like it, don't drink it!!  I am not trying to sound/be a dick but if you honestly don't like it just stick to what you like!!  Everyone around where I live loves Sierra Nevada beer.  I have tried it several times but I just don't like it much. Its too heavy of a beer and I agree with you about light beer as I am not a huge beer guy myself and find that stuff easier to drink. I guess a lot of drinks are an acquired taste so I dunno I'm just saying if you have tried to drink beer quite a bit and still don't like it just skip it!!  haha I mean this in the best and nicest way lol.   Good luck in finding the right beer if you choose to keep trying!! 




 I don't go around telling everyone but I don't keep it a secret as well.  I mean it comes up sometimes when I am talking to someone about drugs.  For instance my parents know.  Btw I am on a legal prescription for norcos and I don't use any other drugs not even pot.  I just find that being honest is the best way to go. 




 I think it does.  When I drink wine I get a different feeling than when I drink other liquors. Hard to explain but I do notice a difference.   




 murder city devils 




 just a normal doctor at kaiser who i've been with for about 8 years.  i'm not looking to get into any real heavy stuff but want a modest increase in the medicine i am receiving right now and just a bit worried about bringing it up with her as it might make things worse.  what experiences with pain mgmt have you had? I've never been.... 




 thanks man you too!! it just sucks being young and actually having legitimate pain but getting profiled because you are young!  That's kinda why i was looking for advice/ other peoples stories with this situation because up until here I have only been kinda judged by every doctor i've seen. 




 yeah i know i can do that and i'm pretty good at telling stories if I need to haha. but the messed up thing is that I am not trying to scam my doctor cause I want to be high all day, I feel that I need a small up on my dosage for legit reasons.  I am just worried that this proposition to her might backfire you know?   




 hah i wasn't trying to sound like a dick. i just read what i wrote and it came off that way.  but yeah tolerance sucks! 




 exactly what i'm afraid of. 




 are they steroid shots? i've been wanting to get steroid shots but been pretty much talked out of them by all the doctors i've seen saying it won't help much. 




 wow that was fast!  ive been on opiates for about 10 years. 




 ok we sound in about the same place :)  I have had this doc for about 7 years now and we have a great relationship which I don't want to mess up but I feel like I do have a legitimate reason to get a bit more meds.  I've never done the doctor shopping thing and the pain managment clinics are very pricy since I am going thru Kaiser Permanente and its really cheap but which from what i have heard is the Wal Mart of hospitals but it is all I have I known.  Thanks for the response!! 




 not sourcing whatsoever.....  i get 60 10/325s prescribed to me 1 month for legitimate pain from my doctor after being on 5/500s for about 5 years, yeah i know gross. i do have real pain and have the xrays/mris/etc to prove it.  I have been limiting myself to about 2 of the 10mgs a day just to get mobile.  I just feel like a junkie trying to get more opiates but at the same time i need them for the pain.  Problem is I am young (30) and I just don't want my trusting doctor to cut me off.....  Any suggestions?   




 nick cave or golden brown!?! dude both of them are my jams haha 




 damn. how long did it take you to build up that tolerance?? 




 Ahhh i know!! My tolerance is still relatively low (20-30mg gets me good), but I remember when 7.5 mg got me feeling good.  I shit you not!! 




 hah! love it but i would never wear it!   




 lookin good bro! 




 haha i dunno what i was doing. haha thanks!! 




 thanks man. i'm a total internet noob. i tried imgur but they were down. 




 fuck yeah love that song!!! took me years to figure it out though haha. heard it first on a video that my friend made of some bay area skateboarding:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0HfQMKsiYg

 i like opium tea by nick cave......  














 what did you post like saying that you couldn't find any liberal doctors or what? i've seen people on CL straight up asking for norcos and stuff which to me seems a bit sketchy. 




 yeah ive seen ads like that saying its leftover surgery stuff. and yeah when i've ever bought/sold shit off CL no matter what it was always met in a neutral location and try to bring a friend. 




 sounds like what i am dealing with. i do have legit pain and have a small monthly script for norcos and just don't want to blow it by asking my doctor to up my script so i was seeing if i could kinda play a bit of catch up on CL you know?  I don't smoke weed for various reasons so I just have the norcos to rely on for the pain. only stuff that makes me actually mobile. 




 sf bay area. just typed in meds or pain meds under for sale. found a lot of interesting stuff.
 




 yeah i was searching in sf bay area and found everything from 5mg vic's to methadone and everything in between! 




 exactly how i'm feeling about it haha. but i guess if you read stampbag's reply, you can't even register for the SR right now...... 




 I have heard of this and similar stories on the news as well and you have a good point too. 




 Alright thanks everyone for the input!! I am glad this thread seems to have been a success (haha at least for me)  Also interesting to hear from you guys and your CL stories.  I only mess with pills- no H ever so its not like I could do the open air market deal is why I was mainly contemplating CL.  Sucks that it seems wayyyy easier to get heroin than some wimpy norcos haha!! I am not that hard up for pills so I doubt i'll actually ever get the balls up to do it. Still wish I knew how the SR worked 100% so I could confidently pull it off.  Anyways thanks everyone once again!! 




 lol totally agreed 




 I agree with you about the risk/sketchiness. I have known of silk road for a while now but I am still not 100% sure how it works haha. and i don't want to use it until i am full able to understand the process of it. 




 anyone ever try buying opiates off craigslist? i've been contemplating doing this for some time now but haven't quite figured out if its worth the risk.  just wanting to get a feel for any good or bad stories from anyone here that has gone that route. 




 i don't really think so cause i was getting 100 5/500's a month. now getting 60 10/325s a month.  i just told her i am concerned about my liver and she changed it up for me.  I have a ton of different pain issues on various parts of my body lol so thats what they are for.  I am only taking no more than 3 a day so I would like to think that isn't too much?   




 oh and i'm not sure if you mean by your question will it kill someone due to an acute liver failure or just by prolonged use or both?   




 norcos being 10/325 i would think that one would have to take a lot of them over a long period of time to die from fucking their liver up but everyone is different.  I'm just glad my doctor switched me from 5/500's to norcos for the sake of my liver. 




 Man you are lucky to live there. I am on the other side of the country in california and the doctors here are pretty stingy.  my friend was trying to get me to take a roadtrip to FL and I told him after that movie it was virtually dead but I guess its not!!  Still, i'm not going to take a cross country journey for something that still is not a 100% sure thing haha.  even though it sounds like it is pretty close to that. 




 ok i just wasn't sure is all and honestly didn't read the whole wiki link you sent me about eds and ibs.  sorry for any mix up! 




 ok so why'd you mention ibs haha seems a bit personal to mention if it didn't relate to receiving pain meds for it! 




 Troll 2  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyophYBP_w4 




 you get them for IBS?? Just wondering, not judging.  I haven't experienced IBS so I can't talk but I didn't know it could be so painful.  Either way you are lucky to find 1 of the last few liberal doctors around haha 




 Damn so its still got it going on down there?!? I heard that FL dried up after all the pain clinic stuff being exposed and The Oxycontin Express movie.  I've never been so I can't say either way.  You live in Florida I take it? 




 never smoked either regularly. actually tried to start smoking cigs recently (yeah dumb i know) because i was subjected to so much second hand smoke it made me crave it but i couldn't even make it thru the pack.  For me nicotine is something I never had an issue with.  Alcohol and opiates, haha............ 




 fuck man, me too!! too bad mine is only 60 norcos a month!! may i ask how you legally get these?  i need to step my game up...... 




 i agree with your statement but 22 ounces of wine is quite a bit considering wine usually starts at about 8-9% alcohol content. 




 never done cocaine but considering that is a stimulant it would produce a different high completely.  but i totally understand what you are talking about considering i asked a similar question not too long ago:  http://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/zsyaa/cleaning_your_house/ 




 awesome. i'm feeling this pic! 




 whats worse is the fact that it is tramadol. 




 i'm done talking to you kook 




 Let me rephrase that.  I came to this place to ask questions and offer my advice when needed.  In this instance I was asking a question and the thread was going fine until you showed up. 




 i came here to be positive and help people out. not to be a kook like you. 




 ironically i just found this in my bathroom  http://imgur.com/tqY9g 




 haha yeah i can totally understand on a drug like speed although ive never used it.  i sometimes lose my appetite though on opiates. 




 yeah for me it usually just ends up in cleaning my house but i guess its good cause it probably wouldn't get cleaned otherwise  haha 




 ah ok thanks! 




 ahh gnarly haha.  id be worried it would get dropped on the carpet and stain it up really bad. 




 like to disinfect stuff?  god i hate the smell of that stuff haha 




 BA= body absorption?  haha i'm a noob.  just guessing that is what it means.
 




 ah ok good story!! i've never used anything more than pills orally and i would think it'd be kinda hard to clean after shooting up so i'm not surprised haha 




 Did a search and found something posted about 6 months ago and couldn't comment so decided to start a new thread.  Sorry i'm high!!  anyways I always have an urge sometimes after I take a couple norcos, about 20-30mg to just start cleaning and its great the feeling I get from it.  Kinda funny cause it seems like something a meth head would do.  either way my place is taken care of at least once a week without hiring a maid haha. Just wondering if others get these urges and would like to hear some stories from you all. 




 yes  




 oh ok yeah it is.  i was just scared my doc might just cut me off if i asked for stronger stuff quickly. 




 oh and i do get blood tests every month from my doctor. one thing that is checked is my liver and it is fine. 




 i know it doesn't but somehow its worked for me for the last 10 odd years. 




 325x2=650mg of tylenol a day for me...... 




 oh and thanks!! good luck with your opiate adventures!
 




 i hope so.......... i am trying my hardest as much as i love those opiates haha. like i said before i am trying to sound like a jerk or snob, i just hate withdrawls and really don't need a hell of a lot to get a nice buzz so I have always been very moderate with my opiate usage. 




 agreed.  its a hard juggling act for a lot but moderation is key.  I know moderation and opiates probably don't go hand in hand but its essential. 




 lol i forgot about that one. it does mess up your number 2's!!
 




 only made mine better. cured my actual physical pain and also emotional.  i have a super cheap co pay and have rarely had to cop pills from the street(never touched anything stronger)  my tolerance has gone up a bit but I have been on the same program for about 10 years now and i'm only 30 so I feel that I have really good willpower. I understand how strong drugs are, especially opiates and I respect them never going on binges.....  I know i'll catch shit for what I wrote already saying i'm naive and cocky or whatever but I am this is how I humbly put it.  Losing both of my parents at a very young age from drugs has helped me pace myself with my addictions to put a long story short........ 




 when i was taking the 5/500s I took about 3-4 a day max.  i consider that not much right!?!?  I am not sure, everyone is different but I am/was taking them for pain but I do like how opiates make me feel I won't lie haha. 




 was on just 5/500s for like 3 years. told my doc i wanted 10/325s so my liver could be healthy and she switched me up no questions asked.  i am light user though......... i think haha  




 yeah its fucked!!  I am just looking for pills. its funny that i can get heroin here easier than just like norcos. 




 never used meth but this whole area has a really bad  meth problem so i hear...... 




 you would think a college town like chico california would be too easy but I guess they have been cracking down or something cause I can't find anything. 




 haha very well said!! you got my upvote. 




 i agree with you.  i'm not taking the naive/ignorant route on this one.   




 Its all good. what you said was just kinda open ended sounding is all haha 




 is this a response to me? i cannot tell. 





























 :57 secs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtA869eH21c 




 I'm still trying to figure out how this is legal to sell since making the tea is supposedly giving you the same effect as taking an opiate in which you need a script for. Is it just some weird loophole that the FDA hasn't realized yet?  Don't get me wrong I love opiates so I am not bitching about it but it's fascinating that there isn't some kind of restriction on it.  I haven't tried making the tea yet either but I have been contemplating it.  Anything I should be aware of before I make it or any really bad side effects? 




 I've never had that happen with the blurred vision or nausea unless in a car.  I kinda wish in a way that opiates always made me feel crappy so i wouldn't love them like I do haha. 




 I was taking my normal dosage though and I have never gotten nauseated when taking them while not in a moving vehicle is why I was wondering.  I think i should just avoid taking meds and being in a car haha. 




 I did a search for it and doesn't look like anyone has posted about getting car sick while on opiates.  The other night I took 3 norcos while being a passenger in a vehicle.  Felt alright for about 30mins then felt really nauseous like classic carsickness. Just tried to focus on the yellow line until I got home about 20 mins later and felt like shit so I laid down for about 20 mins and felt better but it sucked and kinda ruined my buzz haha.  The last time this happened to me was about 8 years ago after I had gotten out of the hospital and was on vicodin I got car sick as well.  I always have avoided being in a car while on opiates because of that first experience but 2 out of 2 times now I have gotten carsick while on opiates.  I never get carsick if I'm sober or even drunk I do better than when on opiates. 




 Did it.   




 damn. iggy pop holding you up is saying a lot!! haha 




 forgot about him for some dumb reason but my #1. chinese rocks. 




 gg allin haha 




 the only reason i was thinking it would be more efficient than swallowing the powder is because when i try that i usually choke on some and/or some gets caught in my mouth.  i thought if they went down to my stomach in a neat little package then dissolved that might work better. 




 it was a fine powder.  norco 10/325s 




 i usually just crush up my pills and swallow the powder but tonight i decided to parachute for the first time.  i did it correctly and didn't lose any powder but it is taking forever for the high to come on.  I thought it was supposed to be quicker this way than just swallowing the powder but i'm starting to have second thoughts. What are your guys opinions on parachuting versus just eating them or crush then down the hatch? 




 lol 




 haha c'mon guys calm down!!  




 I know i'm not knocking those people.  Just had to agree with the guy who doesn't like that word haha. 




 Oh well. I don't insufflate or however you say it haha I take my pills orally. 




 I have to agree with callmedarlin as I have never heard the term " insufflation" in my life and it does annoy the fuck outta me. I had to google that shit just to find out what it was...... 




 I dunno go try to buy some and get back to us haha 




 I get blood tests done monthly and one thing they check is my liver.  I have been on 5/500s for about 4 years and recently switched to 10/325s.  My liver readings are slightly and i mean trivially high. my alt serum test is at 40 which is 3 points higher than recommended. What really made my liver readings go threw the roof in the past was when I was drinking a lot of alcohol on a daily basis at that point my liver reading was 150!! Since I have stopped drinking almost completely my liver readings are back to normal.  I don't know if this answers really anything about your question but it does go to show that the liver is capable of repairing itself when a person stops abusing it like i was at one point. 




 they are 7.5s. watson 387 




 http://imgur.com/6fm02NX 




 ok its an opiate like medicine.... 




 I have been prescribed it yet I have never taken it just because i thought it was pointless for a high and I have heard weird things like what you explained about tramadol as well that made me not really want to take it haha. 




 if you are just looking for tramadol i'd say you are ok.  that seems to be the go to opiate that doctors rx because its supposedly harder to get addicted to but that is just what i have heard so i'm not certain.... 




 I'm from the bay area born and raised until about 1.5 years ago. now i am in Chico. zzzzzzzz (snoring) haha 




 i only get my tats done sober 




 haha well it was from safeway which was located on a street so yeah i'd say your are correct! 




 yeah they have a ton of dispensaries here and i would assume they might come in pill type bottles. i wouldn't know i don't smoke.  and yeah thats nice about the bag. i totally forgot about that since i've never bought a crown royal bottle before. 




 I guess it's a bit hard to sense sarcasm over type!!  i think you guys looked into this whole streets thing a bit much haha 




 too late already did last night and i'm here to tell. that is just how street i am lol 




 crown royal maple. its a seasonal thing. 




 sorry i'm such a noob. i am from the streets and don't really fuck with the net but here:   http://imgur.com/mt6Nf 









 ha this is good. never seen this or the website it's on. 




 lovin the old peoples medicine reminder container haha!! 




 I know the money is tempting but these are worth their weight or more in gold to me!! i still might need to sell some to make ends meet tho.... 




 If you really have migraines and cannot get a legit script that sucks.  have you tried to?   




 because i needed to take twice as many 5/500s and i didn't want to be taking too much tylenol and mess up my liver.   




 Damn i didn't know that. That sucks but at least im one of the people that can't tell  too much difference between them  




 Sorry i meant 1 hour 30mins. must of still been higher than i thought lol!! 




 What's 5 minutes refer to? 




 around 180 since i mixed some in of my last script.  they are for pain!! haha 




 yeah your right 




 my joints are pretty messed up in my ankles and both require surgery. i have the xrays/mris to back this up.  that is the main reason i take them but i did also just have a total mouth reconstruction in the last year as well amongst other things. 




 i mixed in some of my last prescription haha so there might be around 180.   




 haha yeah your right 




 train_subject7329 is from the movie bad santa lol if you've ever seen it!! I started on 5/500 generic vics and eventually just recently got bumped to the norcos cause i complained about the apap.  yeah they are all 10/325s if they are the yellow twinkies or the m367s. the m357s are the 5/500s i believe.  I take no more than 3 norcos a day. I have known of the CWE for years now but I am too scared to actually try it and potentially waste good pills!! 




 nice man you too!! i always dose the same so i should be good!! :) 




 thanks so much man. took 3 of em about 1/12 hours ago and still feeling them. i hate tolerance!! 




 never had oxys personally. i just never have seen em in CA. maybe its more of a regional thing.  how do they hit? any different than normal hydrocodone?  and yeah i feel ya, i'm 10 years in and only have my tolerence up to 30mgs a day but its really hard to keep that in check! 




 I had my appendix totally burst on me about 10 years ago and since then my number 2's havent ever been the same.  My opiate use also has impeded this as well lol.  I would recommend a fiber supplement which you know you can get at safeway, luckys, etc. or just get an enema if you are really blocked up.  Trust me, I have been there. Good luck my friend...... 




 thanks so much!! i am finally in good hands legally i think!! i hope you have great opiate adventures. 




 thanks so much man!!! and it was all legal!! i almost had to go to the streets for it :(  i send good vibes to you!!! 




 norco twinkies/nannas!! at least 120 of em!!!finally got bumped up!!  




 the most i've ever had at once. i respect da opiates though and have decent self control.  love you guys don't overdo it!!  i'm about to sample these bad boys.......  http://imgur.com/LLnC4 and hey i know it's not much and i don't want to go saying this is pill porn either haha. 




 Well since i have tried all 3 i really haven't noticed too much difference between them but i do know most people favor the yellows 




 You should get a pill crusher unless you really like the taste! 


 




 Also called twinkies haha. That pill is an m367 just a generic norco 




 Guess how many. imgur.com/td81d 




 They are m367s not 357s 




 I believe they all are 325mg apap 




 I use them orally  




 What do you guys prefer? I know the yellows seem popular.  I feel that the white ones crush better though imgur.com/S1gOm 




 they sell this at Costco. 




 pretty much what has already been said. from my experiences drinking higher quality liquors tend to make a hangover not as bad or nonexistent.  ibuprofen, not tylenol if you need to take a pain reliever cause of the acetominophen in the tylenol. 




 Motorhead said it best- The chase is better than the catch.  Where I live its so dry and hokey pokey with people who have just pills that I have spent the better part of a day on a wild goose chase just to go home empty handed.  Maybe I should bump up to morphine or heroin since I know i can get that way easier than my lowly pharms........ anyways I feel ya !! 




 actually now that i think about it i only pay $10 for a bottle of 60 norcos via kaiser pharmacy!!  too bad i would never sell any, i'd make a killing. 




 $10!?!?! i need to meet your dealer!! 




 alright i'm in no huge rush but i finally think i figured it out and feel confident with it so i thought i'd at least try and log in.   




 uh yeah i think so too. just wondering I will ever be able to get onto it. 




 I just finally tried joining SR and it told me that they aren't accepting new users at this time.  Anyone know the deal with that?  I'm a total noob here with it so take it easy haha. 




 that area is pretty sketchy and there is a cop shop right in that area as well.  i have never tried purchasing anything from the TL. 




 damn that sucks. i just mess with pills and can never find anyone up here with norcos or anything!! 




 i live up near chico now but i'm from the bay is why i was lookin on there.  plus this area is dry as fuck!! 




 i haven't been that desperate yet to do any craigslist stuff.  hope it will never come to that. 




 yeah man there are a ton of em in sfbay craigslist but i am still yet to fuck with any of them. 




 weird. i guess don't believe everything you read! hah 




 also this thread reminded me to check my local craigslist.  found several interesting ads including this one that looks very fishy:   http://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/hab/3497829163.html 




 isn't SR dead?  i read an article saying its thru. 




 i made a thread about this:  http://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/13flyu/craigslist/  might find some more info there. 




 thanks! and yeah i'm not necessarily trying to get a pain mgmt doc just for opiates :)  if there are other treatments to help my situation that they can introduce to me I am into it.  thanks! 




   i think my doctor just went off my word but i do have xrays/mris to prove that both my ankles are f'd up.  i'm not going in busting the doors open demanding more meds haha so yeah thats why i wanted to know what people thought. 




 i think i would need a referral, i dunno that's what i have heard.  I am just doing this mainly because i know my normal doctor is getting to the end of her string with prescribing me my stuff and i really don't think i should ask her for any more than i am getting already.  I don't use any other drugs than the norco, prescribed or otherwise so i don't have a problem with a pee test and i don't go on binges or abuse my meds so i should be good with adhering to some kind of policy that the pain mgmt place would make me sign.  thanks for the response!! 




 here's the deal i've been working with my doctor who is just a general practicioner at kaiser permanente for about 5 years now. she recently (and hesitantly) bumped me up from vicodin per my request that i was concerned about my liver. i have an app with her in early jan for just a check up.  I am thinking about asking her to refer me to a pain mgmt doc but not sure how she will react to this.  I am getting 60 norcos a month from her and I feel I am twisting her arm with just that amount not because I have been bugging her about upping my dose but I did hear that general medical docs have to be careful with the amount of narcotics they prescribe because of liability?  I just get a feeling i'm skating on thin ice at that amount lol.  Anyways, i'd like anyones input on my situation or experiences.  Thanks in advance friends! 
























