 How long did it take you to type that 




 this argument needs to stop, i don't think plot holes are real, i don't know what people think plot holes are, i think its one of those bandwagon things people say like "hey they don't like this movie because it has plot holes i hate this movie too because of that" christ "plot holes are defined differently from person to person JUST STOP IT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the star trek movies are what they are if you see something wrong with the plot TOO BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 "I don't see why not, I also don't see why." -Dr. J. Zoidberg 




 i say the theme of the previous one was about determining your future and making the right decisions and in the end you may become what your destiny determined 




 i mean it all started with that one weekend uopdate on SNL with chris pine and zachary quinto, and here i am today looking for the haters comments to the point where i find their reactions to all the critical praise  hilarious, i just want it the criticism to STOP!!!!!! im on the verge of losing my shit! 




 YOU DON'T SAY! 




 Cool now Make a Spock edition plz 









 Maybe a little of both sorry I'm not good at this type of thing 




 You're not doing yourself any favors, and what's with that username? Here ill send you reddit gold so you can buy yourself a brain, a clue, and a soul. 




 and a lovely hump it is
 




 your meme is bad and you should feel bad 




 This guy is who else? 




 oh joy people complaining about nothing 
























 thats not bad luck thats just a minor inconvenience 

















































 It seems that way yeah for like the last 5 or 6 he's been absent 












































 Why doesn't he have that hat in this picture? 
























 I don't want to live on this planet anymore 














 Ok I'll keep that in mind 







































 181 year old "preserved" head 









 Yes and make an album while your at it 




 i thought it was fun and action packed, why are trekkers so ungrateful. im not afraid to say that. i wanna say that without getting treated like i insulted someone whose loved one passed away. it seems as if whiskey is my only friend. Why do I even bother? What's the point? 




 fuck me right? i thought it was an interesting take, and im looking forward to possible sequels with him. i like his performance. 

 




 "Made huge mistake!" "Need favor" "just blue self" okay so it's not the best. But if you want you can contribute 




 arrested development is so much better a show 














 Just a non sequitur but seriously though I never once heard any characters mention lasagna 




 I'm deleting that one 









 Because if I hear an opinion different from mine I question my place in the universe and the future of humanity, I thought it was fun and action packed. But thi subreddit is like thunder done people starting arguments left and right. Wanna join the Star Trek fandom? It's easy! All you gotta do is say IT SUCKS to everything new and there you go your a Star Trek fan. Also anyone know any good vodkas to help me get through this stressful ordeal? Because I wanna say I like something without getting treated like I insulted someone's disability. 




 WOAH THAT IS SO COOL! 




 i have:
caveman: "made huge mistake"
underwater without breathing apparatus: "bloob bloob bubb boob bloob bloob bloob" 




 This is one of those few shows were they think of everything. It's like "nope this scene isn't funny enough, lets make it better!" 




 favorite "board" game 




 good 




 just goes to show you that people have taste 




 let me guess: walmart? 




 The cast is great you're mental 




 I enjoyed the movie too. (Go away stevenjohns) I've been defending this movie for ages almost like a mental case. I just don't want injustice in the world 




 Oh joy! Another unnecessary remake. (It could be good, but I'm being cautious) 




 Maybe they could do that all along they just didnt happen to do it till now. (Ok maybe that's not the best reason) I don't wanna fight about it I love the movie 




 IT DOESN'T EVEN FUCKING EXIST AS OF YET! So for all we know its impossible  




 It's a thing called 'science FICTION' it can work however they want it to work 




 I think both movies are fun and action packed. I've been defending these movies for like forever and I still feel I haven't accomplished anything. Jj saved the franchise DEAL WITH IT. And if you don't like it TOUGH! I just don't like it when people criticize the new Star Trek. I can tell you why if you want. 




 ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING UNDERWEAR SCENE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 i had a few criticisms.... nah i'm just kidding, i loved every second of it 




 I am quite looking forward to getting this movie 




 I think I made a bold statement, this fandom needs to get its shit together. 




 This fandom needs to get it shit together and I mean seriously. I love the new movies. I've been defending them for like forever. From people given them crap. All I want I people to accept change and not be biased based on the writers past projects. So what if they made a couple crappy transformers movies. They made two awesome Star Trek movies isn't that what's important. In fact I'm leaving this fandom until someone gives me a good reason. Try keeping your little franchise alive. I wish you all GOOD FUCKING LUCK!! 




 cute ass 









 I thought it was freakin amazing and fun and it a great cast an did great justice to Star Trek.  




 So that raises the question whether he exists in their universe or they just haven't gotten around to mentioning him, an appearance would be cool what do you think? 




 I would do that but I prefer not being in jail 




 I don't give two shits about the extras I just like the movie and the cover that goes with it, if I wanna see all the extras ill go on youtube. But yeah that sounds good cause I don't make much money 




 oh a grammar nazi are we? 




 i liked the movie it was fun and action packed. anyway which blu ray edition sounds good. theres nothing wrong with a star trek movie with action  




 well i like a good action movie THIS WAS ONE OF THEM! its fun and action packed and breathed new life to the franchise,  




 i thought it was fun and action packed DEAL WITH IT BITCH! 




 It just does  




 There's no bond actor in Shaun of the dead but there's one in hot fuzz 




 These guys are great, if anyone says otherwise, never speak to them again 




 It also shows they have good taste in comedies 




 post pictures of your ass! 




 not sure if i should send to friends and family because its funny and its the avengers, or not send to friends and family at the risk of being disowned 




 That was a smart move unlike what I did 
























 (singing) "suicide is painless...." 




 reminds me of a terry gilliam movie 




 im sorryv that was a little harsh, but im just saying theres records for breaking stuff with peoples heads in there, so if THOSE can get into record books, THIS can get into record books (or SHOULD) anyway 




 hmmm i must've missed that one, but still in the yearly edition that'd be cool 




 dude, ANYTHING GOES in record books,so stfu

EDIT: ok that might have come out a little harsh 




 well technically i knew it for a while i just slowly got around to starting a discussion. but anyway, i think Guinness world records should have it in their next edition. like i can imagine that paragraph as follows:

pocket monsters (or pokemon depending on where youre from) is an anime based on the videogame series of the same name (also known as pokemon in english speaking markets) has ran for 17 seasons as of (insert date here) for over 800 episodes. pocket monsters also has been made into 16 feature films as of (insert6 date here and yes im aware theres a 17th movie coming out) making that the longest running film franchise based on a videogame.

wouldnt that be awesome? i say make this happen!! put that in the next guinness world records book! 




 Hey! He is not z-list! He's listless! You however just made my list! 




 http://imgur.com/h8A09QY 




 ah poopie! 




 ah poopie! 




 well what i wrote here i wouldnt write in english class. so in other words im not in school i can write whatever. even if it might offend some which i probably did 




 no but im quite a fan 




 i found similarities between the anime and doctor who, and they are as follows

. both ash ketchum and the doctor travel to weird and wonderful places

. both always happen to go somewhere where something bad is happening

. both ash ketchum and the doctor change their looks
   1. ash ketchum changes his outfit from time to time
   2. the doctor changes his whole damn body

. both ash ketchum and the doctor have an ever changing array of traveling companions 

i dont know about you guys but im on to something here, if i missed any other similarities let me know 

 




 In what way did you enjoy it? 









 Infect or repulse, I'm having a hard time determining which is being used as the negative term 




 patrick star lost his shit
 




 just in case you don't know who he is here's a link explaining who Doug Jones is:

http://imgur.com/h8A09QY

anyway who would he be good to play? 




 just in case you don't know who he is here's a link explaining who Doug Jones is: 

http://imgur.com/h8A09QY

anyway who would he be good to play? 




 before i watched the aforementioned episode i waited a 24 hour period so i could prepare myself for watching it, and i didnt have a seizure. but the flashing lights kinda gave me a little headache which went away. as for the episode itself its kinda interesting showing them go inside the machine kinda like TRON. and porygon was well represented. but all things considered the quality of the episode feels irrelevent, for its more (in)famous for the incident it caused, in fact most people dont even know what the episode is even about. and it brings me to the question, Should 'electric soldier porygon' be considered a 'fan favorite'? yes or no and explain why in the comments 




 oh man i hope i end up disagreeing with you, ive been waiting MONTHS to watch this movie. 




 i hope so, i could barely hold back tears at the end of movie 6: jirachi wish maker AND they top it off with a song to boot. i mean cmon man that wasnt fair 




 can someone get me in the right mindset to get ready to cry or be sad (or both) 




 i thought itd be a nickelodeon logo at first 




 My alternative titles are 'live and let BI', 'the living GAYlights', 'closet of solace', 'the BI who loved me', 'goldenBI', 'you only come out twice', 'come out another day', 'COONraker', 'BIamonds are forever' or 'closet royale' what do you guys think? Also whoever gets what all these alternative titles have in common will get an upvote.  




 im craving ocean spray cranberry juice all of a sudden 




 that would be a cool glass eye 




 reminds me of: https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSb-Vu1auDcS2POpxPJIjiG7BuVgG6qX9IHhQip-ktkJHh6VHg_ 




 My Alternative titles would either be 'live and let BI' 'the living GAYlights' or 'closet of solace' what do you think? 




 because man I freaking hate people who don't like the reboots, they literally wrote the highest grossing and rated star treks of all time! rotten tomatoes does not lie people!!!! all im asking is for once I would like to have a thoughtful and intelligent discussion about the movies and not trigger these bitchy ungrateful "long time fans" to shit on my good time! I mean does 95% and 87% mean ANYTHING TO YOU PEOPLE!? anyway I would like to see what bob orci has in store and sorry if I offended some people but youre still ungrateful. 




 you know like the part where the team rocket soldiers in the black shirts reveal like those wind blowing devices on the ship? and then like they show some trainers whose pokeballs are flying off their belts and then they cut to the main three who are surrounded by said team rocket soldiers demanding them to hand over their pokemon and misty is like saying "no way!" in that same scene they have those same air blowing devices and somehow the main characters just get asked to give up their pokemon while all thes trainers pokemon are literally flying away!? this is a troubling question from an otherwise great story arc. and i mean GREAT story arc. i get like a doctor who vibe from this episode . hell i often compare the anime to doctor who anyway. anyway i just thought it was weird that these team rocket grunts who had this high tech pokemon theft equipment just ask them for pokemon. any thoughts on that? 




 how about 'from seattle with love' 'live and let BI' or 'the living GAYlights' 




 i thought they are fun and action packed. i mean ive heard some people say like "it doesnt have the heart of star trek" "i hate the new actor for spock and hes gay" "i hate the actors" "i hate the new enterprise" the list goes on. meanwhile here i am not having too high standards wanting to be entertained and agreeing with the rave reviews (a movie doesnt get 95% or 87% on rotten tomatoes magically people!) its like one moment its like "critics and audiences agree the new star trek is awesome" and then its like "PSYCHE! heres some asshole mean spirited,ungrateful and hateful purists to keep it interesting" im literally afraid to have discussions of the new star treks on this site fearing ill get a hate message of some kind. because some trekkers are very royal. i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME about it not having genes vision i will slip into a stress induced coma. if anyone has a good reason why i should or shouldnt like the jj abrams star trek movies dont hesitate to explain why. thank you 




 ive seen tblt MANY times and its great 




 Just so you know this kind of an edit of another post I did because someone pointed out the bad grammar and punctuation and this is an improvement over it. So anyway about 'a goofy movie' Man, I watched the HELL out of that movie as a kid, I havnt seen it in a while but I'm sure I still do today. I mean imagine for a moment you're a producer for Disney and you're waiting for an idea for a 'goof troop' spinoff film and you want it to appeal to the current generation (when the 1990's WAS the current generation) and make it as trendy and hip as possible. And just when you thought all hope was lost, someone comes into your office and is like (spoilers) 

guy: I have an idea for that gestating goof troop spinoff film. 

Producer: alright let's hear it 

guy: ok so max is in high school now and gets in trouble. 

Producer: hmmmmmm that's interesting tell me more 

guy: ok so after the principal calls goofy and Tells him if max keeps this up hell get in trouble in life.

Producer: ohhhhhhh yessssss keep going 

guy: ok so goofy arranges to go on a cross country road trip to get their relationship back to normal but max wanted to watch this concert on tv with his girlfriend. But now can't. And now that max and goofy are on said road trip they come across many strange characters and obstacles including Bigfoot. And they learn a little something about each other in the process. 

Producer: I love it!!! It's a sure fire winner! Let's make it a musical and yo got yourself a deal.

If I ever met the guy who wrote the screenplay to 'a goofy movie' I would thank the HELL out of him for such an amazing childhood film. Know what I mean? 









 Man, I watched the HELL out of that movie as a kid, I havnt seen it in a while but I'm sure I still do today. I mean imagine for a moment you're a producer for Disney and you're waiting for an idea for a 'goof troop' spinoff film and someone comes into your office and is like (spoilers) 

guy: I have an idea for that gestating goof troop spinoff film. 

Producer: alright let's hear it 

guy: ok so max is in high school now and gets in trouble. 

Producer: hmmmmmm that's interesting tell me more 

guy: ok so after the principal calls goofy and Tells him if max keeps this up hell get in trouble in life.

Producer: ohhhhhhh yessssss keep going 

guy: ok so goofy arranges to go on a cross country road trip to get their relationship back to normal but max wanted to watch this concert on tv with his girlfriend. But now can't. And now that max and goofy are on said road trip they come across many strange characters and obstacles including Bigfoot. And they learn a little something about each other in the process. 

Producer: I love it!!! It's a sure fire winner! Let's make it a musical and yo got yourself a deal. 

Know what I mean? 




 i want him to like turtles 




 yes, and if they arent do any pretend to regenerate 




 do any characters regenerate? if so whom? and if not, does anybody at least pretend to regenerate? 




 Oh I see, but still saying that synopsis must taste pretty damn good. 




 I mean pretty much any kid who grew up in the 1990's knows what 'space jam' is I mean I'm jealous of the guy who was able to walk into a studio and tell a producer: (spoilers)
Guy: ok here's the idea, the owner of this intergalactic theme park which is panned by its customers, wants to improve the park by having the looney toons work there . So he sens his henchmen to kidnap the looney toons.
Producer:hmmmmmm that's interesting, tell me more.
Guy: so then when the henchmen attempt to kidnap the looney toons, the looney toons challenge the henchman to a no holds barred basketball game with the aid of a soon to be retiring nba superstar Michael Jordan.
Producer: I LOVE IT!!! We'll get started immediately!
I mean that takes some balls to have that plot just pass your lips like that. You know you'd have a ball pitching it. That guy must've had the best day of his life then. I mean (the late) siskel and ebert both gave it a thumbs up.
 




 I said stuff like "wash the c*m out of your mouth" "good luck losing your virginity" "fag" stuff like that. I mean, is it wrong that I liked into darkness? I mean all I'm saying is that I want to feel safe saying something and not have anybody push me around. I mean do those rotten tomatoes scores mean anything to Trekkers? Anyway I'm sorry for all the mean stuff I said. 




 Oh I get it! You're checking both the man and woman out whose skating 




 Do any characters regenerate? 




 i think of the war doctor as 'the 8th doctor mark II' because it was eights decision to take the form while still alive with that face, and even after eight changed into john hurt he still bore a slight resemblance to eight, just throwing that out there 









 I see a beautiful kissable ass but no tatoo 




 uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeah, that's gross 
























