




 amazing! you are so lucky because you can enjoy such beautiful scene on your way to work. i just meet the crowd of people every day.  




 what's the karma for? 




 so you mean they use the same number in different movies? why? why 555 can not be used? and they can just create a number that doesn't exist.  




 I always do the same thing as you. even if i have watched them for more than once, i still enjoy them when i watch them again! 




 you mean you will watch them again and again?  




 yeah! totally agree with you. Friends is still funny and i do think good sitcoms will never be outdated! besides, i enjoy Good Luck Charlie very much.  




 recently, i have been watching the Friends. but i found some of the plots are unfit for our life now. so i wander if anyone will still choose to watch TV series years before? 




 i like the photos with the natural scenes and this one is good. 




 my friends recommended me to see this TV series and it is really out of my expectation! it is awesome! 




 it is interesting, i am thinking about making a similar one for my boyfriend to give him a surprise.  




 looks delicious and easy to make. i will try it this weekend! 




 i am not quite sure but it seems that i know this scene.  




 It is said that the movie intended to make people pay attention to the protection of wild animals. but i think it might have some backfires.  





























 thank you for offering the message for me! i really appreciate it because i can find movies with these messages.  




 It's OK, people can understand you. So, don't worry. :) 




 environment, economy, peaceful and happy life! 




 I don't think it is just accidental because I believe there must be some reason. Since it is an interesting detail, i think it is designed to be like this.  




 Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two pictures are actually interesting.  




 Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two picture are actually interesting.  









 Final Destination. I watched this movie with my friend but I also felt scared!! 




 I can't wait to see it! the Batman is awesome!! I love this! 




 **The Pursuit of Happiness**. 
this movie was released in 2006 and i have been always love this movie. it is said that this movie was based on the true story of Chris Gardner, who had been homeless for near one year.  




 yeah, i love the movie,too. And the sentence: Life is a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get! 




 OK, I see, so that they reserved the number for every movie?  









 i think it is hard to strictly follow the 20-20-20 rule although it seems helpful.  




 so many steps to follow, but as i love onion rings, i would like to try!  





























 I will watch some foreign movies, but i 'm worrying about the understanding of the words without the subtitle.  




 Harry Potter has always been my brother's favorite movie. The spinoff film obviously will make him excited.  




 Hope they can create an excellent movie for us. Looking forward to this movie.  




 So you guys are interested in horror films? I have to say that I won't watch horror films alone. I would ask my friends or my brother to watch them with me.  




 Some believe that this green color seems to be used to describe where their powers came from. However, I am still a little bit confused that this is the volcano so that the green color may be unreasonable.  




 Jackie Chan is one of my favorite Chinese actors. His action movies are really excited and excellent!  




 It's so cute and lovely. BTW, I think it looks more like a dinosaur than a dragon.  









 Well, i think some animals may cry, too. but just not in front of human beings, or not as a baby but the adult. such as lions, apes, tigers and so on. Baby born with the human nature and since they were first brought to the world, they need to cry to announce he/she was alive and healthy. therefore, i think baby's crying is forgivable.  




 I won't mind talking about salary with my friends. I think by talking about our salary, we can know the welfare in different workplaces so that we may have the chance to choose a better job for ourselves.  









 As a girl, now I know all these movies. next time if I were asked to watched one of these movies, i think i would think twice to figure out whether i would agree or not.  




 what's the differences between 8mm, 70mm and other size?  




 Two men kissing? Did you cut it down?  
























