




 Not soapboxing! Honestly curious how we are able to have zoos ethically 







































 But I love the Bucks...  Idk why but they are my East coast team.  They play with amazing style.  I have made alot betting on them because the critics give the spread so high against the Bucks...  Have pride in your team because I give you 2 years to be a contender.  





























 I like things like free grand slams on your bday at Dennys... What are some other tricks we should know?  Redbox promo codes, free food,  etc?  









 What are some of his most important works to read?  





























 What exactly are numbers?  My professor and I were in discussion about them and he implied that numbers are entities separate from physics,  math,  and science.  We *use* them and apply them but math in itself doesn't imply truth...  Have you heard this and can someone explain his logic?  









 I heard that we need to reorganize our theory of gravity.  Is this true?  If so,  what does this mean and why?  
























 I can't seem to get back into the school groove.  What are some study tips and habits?  




 It seems as if the US just said fuck that crisis over there as Russia continues to wage war when at the beginning,  the US was threatening action.  The timing of ISIS seems to perfect.  Could Russia have helped the start this secretly?  




 Serious question. I want to know if someone passes away in law enforcement, it looks like everyone that's a  cop attends.  Who is patrolling or working? Wouldn't this be the time to do a crime?  









 I have thought for the last couple years that Westbrook deserves his own team like the Celtics and then build around him. I just don't like how Westbrook is a 2nd option. Do you think that he should have him own team?  




 Hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed losing to this.  kt is incredible.  




 I pointed this out a few weeks ago.  ruby just collected his 7th technical of the season.  For a guy with a usually quiet demeanor,  this has been a big sign of him changing.  What do you think has happened?  We can't afford both our stars collecting 20+ techs a season. Ruby never got techs like this before this season.  
























 IMO Jason Thompson gets a lot of crap as a starting PF.  He has been a staple on our defense and has improved throughout the years.  He has been the longest standing King on the team and is amazing in the community. Relatively humble and hasn't had attitude problems. 

There is not one person on the that we have tried to replace more then him.  He has outplayed numerous candidates like T-rob,  Landry,  Patterson, Evans and Acy. Always been a fan but I believe he deserves more credit.   









 Literally that.  



















 Link right here 














 Jus for kix 









 Ayyyyyyyy 





























 I want to help out the community and environment .  I am interested in planting trees,  feeding the homeless, etc.  I have checked out habitat for humanity but got no response. If anyone knows of anything,  please let me know.  




 I have started growing in my meditation and knowledge and continue to grow.  my SO is interested in meditating and Buddhism with me but I feel uncomfortable with it.  I feel like it is my thing for myself and a mental release.  I also feel I have only been learning for a few months.  I feel it would make us closer but still hesitant. How do you guys deal with this? Any advice?  









 These crackahs wanna here a story.  




 I am having issues adjusting to bar chord transitions and barring the strings.  Any good websites,  videos or tips!?  




 Source.  




 He is rich and I am on Reddit circlejerk.  




 On the Kings and why?  


































 Let us put this in perspective..  Elevator is broken...  That is why you are trapped.. 









 I understand how they go out of business..  Lack of revenue.  But I don't really understand how you have cities like Atlantic city going under and whole companies like Caesars Entertainment going under. Are people not gambling?  Why the sudden crash when the economy is on the come up? 









 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing. There is a new sub /r/sharingreligion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories. It is an awesome way to spread the word. Just wanted to thank you guys! Good way to help those looking at Islam for a chance to get info.  




 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing. There is a new sub/r/sharingreligion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories. It is an awesome way to spread the word. Just wanted to thank you guys! 




 I love your guys posts here and everyone is so informing.  There is a new sub /r/sharing religion that is curious about people's testimonies and stories.  It is an awesome way to spread the word.  Just wanted to thank you guys!  




 Growing up I had a family of 5 including myself.  My mother and father were divorced and very bitter people.  My mother was a Irish Catholic who drank often and suffered from emotional issues.  My father was a military Protestant who was semi abusive.  I was very rebellious growing up but fairly intelligent.  I read frequently and often pondered about philosophy and science. I was not forced into church except Easter of course for the grandma.  I was involved with partying and fighting in high school while being involved with the wrong crowd.  I eventually met a girl who introduced me to a christian church. I loved the fellowship and was engulfed with positive emotion.  I eventually did mission trips and became proactive in the church. My relationship with this girl seized and I focused on Jesus.  I eventually met a girl who I just loved.  Only issue was she was very immersed deep into the ranks at the church.  We started dating and this caused a mini uproar.  I was reprimanded, chastised,  tormented and disrespected by church officials for this relationship. Hypocrisy oozed out faster than I could have imagined.  Eventually I left my position as a youth group leader,  Bible study leader and Sunday school teacher because of this. I turned my back on religion because I realized that religion is made by people for people.  Dogma is just that... dogma. I eventually went back to reading my philosophy.  Nietzsche, Kafka,  Kant,  Schopenhauer and Hume all played a huge impact on my life.  I studied life as I am now finishing my BA in Philosophy.  My focus is religious studies. I was still left with a void until about a year ago I discovered Buddhism. I study and practice meditation,  Buddhism and Taoism.  I study the lifestyle...  Not the religion.  I believe that each person's life is for them to explore.  I realized Christianity is a very corrupt religion when it comes to their church but has taught me numerous things.  I believe one should explore all facets of their lives. This journey isn't over for me but just beginning.  









 I wanted to share with you guys that I had the best Meditation session to date.  Not that I am grading them or one better than the other, this one was just very different.  I was sitting there in breathe for a few minutes when I began doing some chants as usual.  Maybe it was just one of those busy weeks but everything seemed to slow down.  I was very aware of my surroundings and very focused.  I returned to breathe easily and felt very content.  Sorry just wanted to share with you guys.  




 I was driving on a very busy freeway when I saw the usual crazy motorcyclist weaving through traffic. I then thought how efficient it would be to have a motorcycle lane. A small lane like the bike lane to the right of the fast lane. Prevent deaths, injuries, and vehicle damage. More people would be inclined to take advantage of this safe benefit and now we have a green solution to car emission and less money on gas.  














 Why? 




 I was driving on a very busy freeway when I saw the usual crazy motorcyclist weaving through traffic. I then thought how efficient it would be to have a motorcycle lane. A small lane like the bike lane to the right of the fast lane. Prevent deaths, injuries, and vehicle damage. More people would be inclined to take advantage of this safe benefit and now we have a green solution to car emission and less money on gas.

Edited:spelling 
























 Was it in depth? How does it differ than how it is taught in America? 









 I enjoyed his play and I think he can be developed. I think he would be a good pick up now that the Wizards released him. 




 I get that they are above pain and suffering and that death is the easing of suffering but isn't killing yourself killing a living being? What is the point of this? 









 How has nobody done anything to them? 














 Are you more willing to date a guy/girl who normally wouldn't seem attractive superficially but has an incredible talent?

Ed Sheeran effect.. 




 Please... I beg you guys to stop whining about the FO. It hasnt even been a month without Malone.. Shit happens and we move on. OUR OWNERSHIP GAVE YOU A TEAM!!! Why are we questioning them so soon? You all thought a 6-1 start was our championship debut and you are expecting Corbin to jump right in and take us to the championship?

Same people wanting Malone back were crying about his rotations earlier. Have faith please and enjoy. This is the calming before the storm. 









 We were 6-1 leading the league in RPG. Our plays have (I am assuming) the same ones Ty Corbin has been running with Malone since he got here. We have lost our fire and the team is off rhythm... sobbing up and down the floor and losing within winning margins by losing teams. Our TO are HORRIBLE!!

Why get rid of Malone? When we were winning...? Makes no sense unless you wanted to lose perhaps?

Falling bottom ten secures our 1st round pick (which we dont have for a few years), allows newbies developmental time (as we have seen with Nik and Ray. We got Rudy to sign and now we blame Corbin for our failure.. We polish up next year with George Karl. Otherwise I can't make sense of this... 




 Simply up to this point... Whether it will later or not isn't relevant.. 




 Can it happen? Will it happen? 




 Which period in time was most memorable to you and why? 









 What is your view on hunting? For or against it? Why?

Edit: I ask because I am at my SO house and her family are all really huge hunters. I have nothing against guns but we were watching hunting shows and they were shooting bucks... they went into the Bucks home and baited them in the illusion of mating and in turn shot them with a bow. Just doesn't sit right.. 









 I am a salesman and I love one liners.. what do you guys got! 




 They don't hold any biological benefit at all. So why do men have them? 




 What chants do you use and why? 









 I have researched them a good amount and realized what I was practicing was Mahyana I believe... as I look at the other two they all seemed to mesh into what I believed was a singular belief but I guess they are different.. what makes them different
. What is Tibetan Buddhism? 




 I love this band and want to see them but I only have seen them at Coachella... when do they tour Cali? 









 I came to the realization that I have requested not to have a service when I die. It costs a lot of money and I do not want to be mourned. If people would like to remember me, then I request they do it individually. How do you guys feel? 




 I wanna start by thanking the wonderful souls of /r/buddhism for being such amazing colleagues in my spiritual growth. I have made some self realizations and now I am eager to learn more!

I ran into a gentleman awhile back who dressed like a Tibetan Monk trying to sell me prayer beads... I realized he was a Hare Krishna follower... what exactly is that? What is the difference between them and Buddhists? 




 I was pretty amazed at the Bucks history of 3-Point shooters. Michael Redd, J.J. Reddick and Ray Allen. Am I missing any? Why do they develop such good shooters? 









 Just wondering if Buddhists have a deity that they worship. I don't believe Siddartha is one. 




 [SERIOUS] 









 Every time he talks I wanna vomit but im curious about what you guys think. 




 If you tend to "party" a lot... what do you drink to not put on the lbs.? I am a huge Corona drinker but that is counter productive... 




 Should we go for it? Would you trade our 1st rnd pick? 




 I am getting really red, bad looking stretch marks by my armpit area. (Bicep and chest-ish area) Why is this occuring and has anyone experienced it? 

Is there a treatment for it? Its kinda ugly. 
























 Is he not an amazing player? 














  I want to try my best to follow the path to enlightenment.

What do you guys use to help with this?

Wow guys! What awesome feed back! Everyone had some good imput! I wrote a lot of them down and will keep a link to this thread. Keep up the good response s. 



















 I am trying to cut down but cant seem to shake bad eating habits... what are some tips to shaking the habit.

Wow guys... there's a lot of good info here thanks!  




 I believed that it was a huge mistake bring him back to our team.. but he reminds me of how Jackson and Thomas used to light up the floor when the bench comes out. Great hustle and energy. 



















 I read a lot of German Philosophy and was curious on your opinions on which country you feel was the most impact.

Clarify: which area in the world do you feel has produced the highest quality of philosophers and why?

 




 I am transferring to UCSC and if it is cheaper I would live off campus... something look to good to be true and I hear alot of stories of scams... what are some tips and warnings reddit?

I have a girlfriend who would be with me... split rent 




 I am now making plans on transferring for fall 2015. How is the job market? What is the best option for living... renting apartment or on campus housing?  



































































































 1. How is training for a fight with Manny Pacquiao shown to be different then your other fights?

2.  Do you *honestly* plan on retiring at 49-0? Any chance for 50-0?

3.  Who was your toughest opponent to date? 

4. Was there ever a time where you were actually afraid that your opponent may be to much to handle? 

5. Do you think Paquiao lost to Bradley in their first fight? 

Twitter- https://mobile.twitter.com/floydmayweather

Facebook -  https://m.facebook.com/floydmayweather?_rdr 
































































 *twiddles thumbs* 












































 In history,  they never had direct contact to my knowledge. They fought together in the World Wars.  Why did our relationships go sour?  









 This actually happened last year and I can't forget it. I was driving my car to get some food when I hit a stop sign right by the place I wanted to eat. Crossing the street was a man in his mid 20s. He was moving rather slow but he was already to far in front of my car for me to beat him. As he got in front of my car,  he stopped and started looking around slightly but has his head down like he was looking for something. I was patient for about a minute when I came to the conclusion that he must be messing with me. Wrong conclusion.  I decided to honk my horn which startled the man terribly.  The look on his face is burned into my memory.  It was at this moment I realized that this man was mentally handicapped. He was absolutely terrified and ran away!  I felt horrible. I feel horrible.  To this day I remember this story anytime I get frustrated on the road. 


Be patient on the road. It's not worth hurting yourself or others.  




 I purchased Battleship.  You need two people...  Story of my life.




Edit: lol the PM are ridiculous.  You guys are a friendly community!  I kinda meant that no friends available to play...  Hahaha it just hit me that many of you thought I meant absolutely no friends!!  Hah but you guys are super awesome!   




 It made sense.  Now I'm a ichthyophile.  



















 What are the texts I should be studying and knowing that will increase my knowledge and help on my path.  









 Alot of players fall in the draft and still end up being great players others may have gotten.  He is a tall shooter with Dirk potential. His defense isn't horrendous and may spread the floor for Cousins. Being 6'11 and a PF can't hurt.  
























 So I was with this girl for about 2 1/2 years.  Hot girl and really good natured.  VERY TRUSTWORTHY.  I was the flirt.  I was this I was that.  She was just a church girl.  University comes along and girl starts acting different.  I notice she was socializing with some of her coworkers. Told her I wasn't comfortable with it and she said I was over-reacting. I decided 30 different girls is better than 1 girl who is going to play you.  I broke it off, played around and landed a smoking hot girl. 

As for her?  She has been seeing the guy she was "talking"  to for a little while now. Make the right choice.  Not the beta choice.  No pussy is worth losing your cool over...  Ever.  




 So my Gf and I decided to take a spring break trip to go hiking in California about 2 hrs from where I live. We carefully plan the trip as we will leave at 10ish and be there about 12. 
 
So we are driving up to the forest when she tells she wants to check out this small town she used to go to. (check out trinkets and such I guess idk...) I agree and I Google map it.  About 40 min away..  But then I see a couple small roads that look like they cut angles and time off.  And obviously Google maps has no idea WTF it's talking about Ima do *my* shortcut.  Well...  It took us 20 min in and was a dead end... Drive back and go original way.  Gf rolls her eyes pretty hard. 

We leave her trinket town and leave to the forest.  Once again we map it and I see another "brilliant" short cut. She does her half assed attempt to convince me other wise but I was sure it was better. We ended up lost for and hour and a half to only end up 25 min from where we took my shortcut. We proceed with the original plan.. 

The last one was while in the forest. We were a good hour into the trail when we deviated off the trail to see some site seeing. Well to get back we decided to go a different way then our original...  It is a loop.  Wrong...  We ended up wasting and hour and a ton of energy/sunlight. We went the original way and just arrived home.  She is pretty pissed off and asked if she can keep her jewelry where I am supposed to keep my brain... 

TL;DR Went on hike.  Got lost driving.  Got lost again.  Got lost during hike.  Gf thinks I'm an idiot.  I think I'm an idiot. 

On mobile. Sorry.  




 I have seen a lot of references to these names and would like some accurate info to the relevance of them in Buddhism.  







































 How is the overall department?  Professors?  Are there preferable professors or avoidable prof? 


Are there philosophy meet ups?  
























 2327 ad,  male insemination became possible and 2329 ad,  rebirth in of self became possible...  We didn't think of the ramifications!!!!  



















 It seems pretty steep. About 1400 is alot more a month then I pay now for rent,  car and insurance...  Alot more.  Is it better if I rent a room off campus?   
























  Well this is unfortunate to say the least.. It all happened when my mom asked me if I could take her necklace to the jewelers to have it cleaned. First of all,  I didn't know you could clean gold so I laughed.  She explained that they do and how important her necklace is. I guess my father bought it for her years ago before he passed away.  It was a gold necklace with a beautiful gem in the front.  
She wore it a lot and explained it needed some TLC. Fast forward to the drive to the jewelry shop. I decided to stop for some food.  Got my McDonald's and threw the trash in the bag and threw the bag away.  I arrive at the store and that's when I realize I can't find the necklace.  I search everywhere in the car but I can't find it. It occurs to me that it may have fallen into the McDonald's bag when I threw it away.  I drive back to the McDonald's to find the bag right next to the trash bin. Empty.  I lost my mom's necklace that she loved dearly...  I can't see her heart break again or it will destroy me.. So I have decided to make her a new necklace just like the last one.  I have the mold for the necklace and even the gem...  NOW ALL I NEEDS IS SOME GOLD!?!?!  









 If so what is its significance and why does Buddha have it?  



















 Why isn't malaria a huge issue in America like it is in other continents?  





























 Based on ability,  style,  cultural impact/influence, sales,  hits,  longevity etc.  

Who is the greatest of great? 



















 8, 24 or perhaps both...  










































































 He explained "There are two things in the world that you need to know to be successful.  The first is never tell anyone everything you know"  














 I am a guitarist looking to get better at my vocals.  I'm improving but still far away from where I should be.  Is there any site or tube channel worth watching? 

What are good tips to drastically improve my voice?  I greatly appreciate your tips!  














 Daughter 1: Dad,  why did you name me Rose? 

Dad: Because sweetie,  a Rose petal fell on your head when you were born. 

Daughter 2: Dad,  why did you name me Lily? 

Dad: Because sweetie,  a Lily petal fell on your head when you were born. 

Daughter 3: hghghdnbgh!!? dnbgh!??!  nfhriirb!!? Jfjebdjhcb!!??! 

Dad: SHUT THE FUCK UP CINDERBLOCK!  









 Does anyone know why we didn't give him a chance but we gave so many other a chance...  It's hard for me to accept he is worse than Nik.  
























 I am a Kings fan and we are in talks of possibly acquiring Goran.. This upsets me especially with how he is handling your team.  He is upset his brother isn't getting minutes? Upset they signed Thomas? Wants a max deal?  All of this is absurd for a good (not great) player...  


They only got Thomas as insurance and 6th man potential but sounds like he took that personally.  Now your team is going to piss off Thomas by trying to shovel him off in delusional hopes of keeping Dragic... I say trade him and focus on the future.  Good luck.  









 http://youtu.be/A1a5QQoHh60 












































 [Look at this dipshit](/u/train_subject6818)  














 [This is Cousins I bought last year](http://m.imgur.com/IQfAmih) 

[This is my new one...  Of IT22!](http://imgur.com/63VQyLw) 

Been a long time collector of autographs and this one's my favorite yet!  (MJ is by default but let's pretend)  




 I thought he played well and can definitely help play 2 3 stretch.  Fastbreak player with multiple facets on offense...  Does anybody know? 

Edited: *Marshon* 




 M'lady  









 I can't wrap my head around the fact that Cousins agent doesn't like Karl so we can't get him..?  Thank makes no sense to me.  Beef about Karl's son is just ridiculous. Cousins isn't going to come out looking good if we can't close this because his agent isn't gonna get the publicity...  Cousins will.  




 Where did these shows come from?  How come honey boo-boo doesn't get shut down with the filth it portrays?  














 [DELETED]  




 M'lady 












































 Fuck the Lakers 




 I'm telling you man...  Because Love and Rondo may go there and Kobe leaving soon...  And the Lakers fan base... They did the Cavaliers shit again...  




 Kobe has to much power...  




 Yea...  About that...  




 Told you...  




 Told you...  Haha 




 I believe we are gonna get a top 5... 




 Got it...  




 Yea...  But this is the Kings sub..  So fuck the Lakers.  




 Shit...  No I didn't... Deals off the table...  Gtfo of my office.  




 Are you kidding me!!!!  We are talking about Casspi the GOAT...  That's like asking us for Hollins..  You out of your mind? 









 Are you kidding???  We have to give up Landry AND Casspi...  Get out of dodge 




 I don't know one fan who actually thought this trade was gonna happen.  




 Im so confused with this question...  




 DON'T INTERRUPT THE MAN!  




 Honestly..  I doubt it.  [Here's a video that details the downside of union](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Gim8_5D2fA)  




 Yea but we did not have nearly as much attraction to open business down there now.  




 Fact...  I spoke to God about this.  




 Hopefully...  That's be awesome.  




 Getting rid of the dead K St mall will also breathe life into newer retail to position around that area. Restaraunts and hopefully night life.  I just worry about natomas falling  away. 


We also can't forget that we are building a soccer stadium for a team who may potential be picked up by the MLS... Big things people 




 Let's think...  We are putting a multi million dollar arena in the heart of downtown. We have huge hotel brands bidding on putting hotels near the arena and already have talks of improving the skyline.  I project the Kings to start being a contender in a short amount of time. This is a good time for sacramento to try and make huge strides. 


The drought hurts us alot but I honestly feel that in ten years,  downtown will be unrecognizable to an extent.  




 Midtown stomp 




 She does...  Because they paid her to do this video...  




 No you must declare by 2nd semester I believe  




 [/r/Prostitutestories](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) has alot of these.  









 THANKS REDDIT!!!  I might start a sub if anyone likes this song and wants me to do another.  




 Yea..  YouTube has a big area for covers of songs.  So I put my out a few months ago.  Glad you liked it.  




 I know.  I have been training for such a long time.  I don't mean to have people come in expecting me to be terrible. Sorry to disappoint you.  




 I like these stories but stuff like this are meant to be moments in people's lives that benefit humanity...  Not cheap stores to post to go viral... 


It makes it lose its appeal.  




 10/10 would *Putin* their dicks 




 Thanks! I've been singing for awhile and would love everyone's feedback.  




 Awesome!  Thanks for the correction.  




 If this is real...  This is the saddest thing I have ever read...  This guy is fucked up.  




 I only know you replied if you reply to the message itself.  


From my knowledge of transfers and what counselors have told me, you can change your major as long as you meet the requirements for that said major it shouldn't be an issue.  If the major is impacted or requires certain criteria such as GPA approvals and such per major,  then those must be met as well as deadlines if there are some. 


As far as I have heard,  TAGs cannot change.  That may be wrong but that is what I heard.  Hope this helps.  Call your advisor or the counseling office at the University.  




 Was it a TAG transfer?  




 Edit: Wow guys!  There is a sub reddit for awesome covers kinda like this!!!  Check it out [/r/music_coverz] (https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) 



They were good but their harmonies were off.  Each of their individual voices were amazing but weren't very harmonized. 


[Here's a cover I did for the song myself to show at least I know what I'm talking about](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)  




 If this is a novelty video on you having fun with friends..  By all means this is a cool video of what you can do if your great with survival skills!  


A little more disclosure or clarification of the context of the video would be helpful but I think you are very good at what you do!  My worry was that some may take this in the wrong way. That's all champ.  









 #wutm8?  




 Alot of towns have nothing wrong but people leave for no reason...  Actually they are great to visit!  Chernobyl is a international landmark...  Visit it this summer if you can.  




 This wasn't actually *that* bad.  




 I like the part where he threatens to kill her...  That's my favorite.  




 I'm pretty young at heart.  I play sports,  party,  and socialize but also love school.  I think I could laugh the kids off most of the time 




 Where has ISIS attacked America on US soil.  Sources are appreciated. I would still not grant you as much because US is to far and to reluctant to go to war.  Look at Syria.  Israel is on the front line.  




 Threats are different than attacks...  They haven't attacked the US.  Otherwise your point would be valid.  




 So what your saying is you had a cock in your mouth...  




 Ha 




 I likes ya...  And I wants ya... We can do this the easy way or the hard way.  




 It isolates you and says look...  These people are bad..  They don't like you but we will protect you.  Come with us..

 




 Terrorists using scare tactics to terrorize? 

Well that's different 




 Knife attack in Israel isn't top priority on terrorists attacks...  Shit I think that is one of the only ones they could pull off.  Israel has been putting up with this shit for years...  ISIS is no different. The counter terrorist group is Israel is one of the best in the world. ISIS has picked on countries who are in shatters due to war... Jordan or Israel would murder ISIS. The bully never picks on the one that fights back.   




 /r/circlejerk  




 Because Israel is actually strong as fuck...  ISIS would be destroyed.  I'm not disagreeing with foreign support I just don't believe that is the reason why they aren't attack Israel.  Truth is they wouldn't stand a chance.  




 Starting to miss Saddam...  




 Allah 




 "Due to rapid onset food poisoning,  Al-shabein octzakar is no longer receiving visitors. Please find another sheep."  









 You literally posted a video on reddit that isn't stabilized,  that's vertical and has no way of even seeing the video because it's pitch dark about kids fucking around on a roof and no one got injured....  And you expected upvotes?  




 *points at sign* 

Sir..  Please don't feed the trolls.  




 Darude has good music.  Sandstorm is one of their top hits.  




 "HI!  I'm Taylor Swift.  I am a professional musician who makes hateful songs about my ex.  Wanna get coffee sometime?"  




 Mouth HANDIES are the best 




 [This is a good one](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/36c21c/kanye_wests_performance_at_billboard_music_awards/crco30n)  




 Sounds like my card.  PM me the name,  number,  civ,  and exp.  Date 




 I rode the trail a ton. Be vigilant and aware. I rode/ride the trail for over 5/6 years and never had an incident.  Doesn't mean there aren't any. Be smart and be aware and you I'll be fine.  You're at a bigger risk of getting a flat and a dick ass road biker won't help you ha 




 Pixies,  Purity Ring, Panama, Tyler the creator,  chromeo? LET'S GO SACRAMENTO!  




 General consensus agrees with me..  Faggot isn't a nice thing to say buddy.  




 :( 




 You are a cunty Canadian huh?  




 There was absolutely no booing in this... Was it during the clips of the whole audience dancing and smiling?  




 Well depends...  We have a woman in the US name Bruce Jenner so..  I guess it could be 




 I was at this game.  




 Yea dumb fuck.  




 Well that's definitely a boy...  Named Calvin...   




 This is on my list of things not to do if you want to live.  




 This police state bullshit is getting old.  You endanger yourself so much more and make a mountain out of a mole hill.  I'm just over it.  




 Lol 









 Haha dick 




 My bad Bro..  I'll PM for permission next time.  




 Nice. Did he seem to fit in well? I hear alot that the main issue is alot of the brothers are alot younger so sometimes they just don't sync well.  




 I'm a transfer and 23.. Will be 24 next semester...  Is that to old?  




 Lol that sucks  




 Yea depending on your age,  I like fair oaks and folsom. I live in Carmichael but all are decent areas. Folsom is a lot classier and nicer.  




 I'm more interested in Bernie Sanders...  




 For obvious reasons 




 Where the fuck is her ass?  




 Wait what happened?  




 Kinda my point.  I said take it for what it is..  I wouldn't rely solution anyone else.  They are helpful but can only do so much 




 Yea...  We should offer incentive to build more.  Like a tax break to companies.  




 I looked it up and what I read is they can be poisonous to eat if you do not prepare right.  Nausea and headaches can be death when your om an island.  




 Fair oaks, Carmichael, Orangevale, even citrus heights lol 




 Yes 






































































































































 Because now I have a headache that has lasted since Saturday and I don't have $100 to spend on Tylenol..  














 Hello gents! I am in the market for a pitchfork that is capable of destroying a mob/riot while still can start one if need be.  Does not need to be automatic but I would like a built in body cam on the handle in case of an altercation.  I also heard that the rioters in Baltimore are virtually undetectable at night so thermoscope or built in light is a must!  Help me out guys!!!  Paying big money!  






















































 He said "I don't tend to read into things"  







































 So my SO and I went on a day trip to take pictures with her new camera. We traveled down to the river where she was taking pictures carelessly as we walked down to the river. At the river, there is a bridge that overlooks the river with some nice vantage points. She resumes her photo session of taking pictures of the scenery when after a short while we decided to call it quits. We begin the hike up back to the car when she decides to look at her photographs. in one of the photographs, we see a man in the picture and we start joking about who this man was. We decided to zoom in on the picture and lo behold.... [I am pretty sure this man was exposing himself while eerily looking at us!](http://i.imgur.com/YmKbNGx.jpg) I am not sure but I am pretty confident that this is what is going on in the picture! Extremely disheartening for someones first photo shoot!

TL;DR Went to the river with Gf to take pictures... ended up accidently catching an old mans pork and beans. 







































