 DO NOT DARE INSULT HER CROWN OF DICK 




 So...spread it like butta isn't the appropriate response then. Got it. 




 FOLLOW THE YELLOW BRICK ROAD 




 NOW GO TO HER - EARN YOUR NAME SON 




 I believe it's: "Why can't sheeple see THE GOVERNMENT IS EVIL!"

Then the next day: "Why can't sheeple see that ONLY GOVERNMENT NEEDS POWERFUL GUNS!"

It's pretty sad, actually. 














 YOU CLEARLY LACK HIS HOLY NIGGERNESS IN YOUR HEART. OPEN UP AND LET HIM EJACULATE HIS GLORY INSIDE OF YOU. 




 YOU HAVE TO LET HIM REACH IN, GET ELBOW DEEP AND TOUCH YOU WAY INSIDE YOUR RECTUM OF FAITH. 




 Yeah BRO whats up with that BROSEF?? 














 SARAH JESSICA PARKER MADE MY SPACEDICK THROW UP 




 1,456. 




 Home Alone did it first. 




 Retarded people that create retarded children. 




 Retardation runs deep in this family... 




 Castrate? I think they meant to sew his vagina shut... 




 He is gay? 




 Also, did you know suicide is actually pleasurable according to Faygo University studies? 




 Jerking it on my couch just got a little bit sexier... 




 "You sir are clearly a man of less than savory character and I would venture to guess that your parents would not be pleased with these shenanigans were they to hear of them." 




 Simple, subtle, mild. And very likely true. Got my vote. 




 There's a 'Psycho' joke in here somewhere but I can't find it. I need coffee. 




 Gloryholes. Definitely gloryholes. 




 NOT EVEN TRYING ANYMORE 





























 I wrote my ex wifes employer and mailed them copies of all the emails she was exchanging with her 20+ year older boss, who she was also having sex with in his office. 

My only regret is Facebook didn't exist at the time so I couldn't show them to everybody, they were pretty damn funny. I remember one line "I miss your love box". I am not kidding. 




 In hindsight, what do you feel now about it? Are you better off? Do you wish you could undo it? Do you wish you could have done more? 




 'Cardiac arrest' is to 'stroke' what 'Kim Kardashian' is to 'deserves to live'. 




 Passing through the bricks over the pipe at the end of level 1-2 and walking through the wall in Super Mario Bros takes you to a bullshit never ending water death trap built by masochistic assholes. 














 The police were laughing at you getting hit. Not you hitting the hood of the car. What you saw: "Decked out in awesome threads". What they saw: "Drugged out metalhead jumped into traffic". 




 So you found a poster in Germany but decided to post a tiny shit res picture instead....

lrn2 pictures with phones 




 THIS COLLECTION SUCKS DICK. THIS IS GAYER THAN TWO MEN FUCKING EACHOTHERS ASSHOLES WITH SHIT COVERED DICKS WHILE STREAMING VIDEO OF IT ON LOOKHOWGAYWEARE.COM 




 I've seen video of victims falling from the burning towers on 9/11 that was funnier than this. 














 I bet he put it in her butt. 




 Newsflash: white trash hick can't let go of his past.  




 Israel opts to keep him. He isn't leading them anywhere they don't want to go. 

And they call us 'cattle'.... 




 I don't believe anything can make Somalia worse... 




 The name is so gay I will never click it.  





























 Let me guess, you were voted "Most likely to get a joke" in high school, weren't you?

You have a gift, sir. You have a genuine gift. 




 I like this one. It has a more educated ring to it. "Excuse me gentlemen, while I appreciate the plethora of penii, I must ask you to form a single-file line for the sake of order." 

Definitely going with that one. 




 Responding to a post, I stumbled upon this age-old issue. Penis's, penises, penii? What do you use when you're discussing multiple male genitalia? 




 LPSG.com.

It's a support group for men suffering from the affliction of large penis's. Penises? Penii? 

Large Penis Support Group. 




 Secret conservative hot gay man/meth sex exposed in the media is honestly the best. 



















 giving US citizens a trial before imprisoning them indefinitely or targeting them in drone strikes is important. Stopping the war against drug users and reducing the burden on our law enforcement and our prison systems is important.  









 Just like those socialist nurse unions...everyone hates them until they need them. 




 This story disturbs me. It's like something out of a weird dark comedy...still not sure if serious. 









 I'm willing to bet every person bitching about Red Cross response has never donated money nor blood to them. 









 Was that wrong? Should I not have done that? I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to plead ignorance on this thing, because if I had known that sort of thing was frowned upon... 









 I'd dress her in a Smurfette costume, paint her blue and live out my longest fantasy. 









 Hey thanks! We are just visiting, our first concert was a musician who is playing there later this month, we're driving in from DC area. Our place took some damage but nothing compared to the people up north. Thanks though! 




 Ha! That's funny because dead people and flooding, I get it. 




 Going to the club le poisson rouge in Greenwich Village later this month for our anniversary, would like a hotel in the vicinityof the club. I've never been to this area before and it's my fiancees first time in NYC at all (moved here from Europe a few years ago).

I'd like to give her a great NYC experience for her first time, so looking for smaller non-chain hotel and restaurant suggestions while we're in town (two days). 

Any advice welcome, thank you!

 




 Depending on the state, you can actually sue them for this. Alternatively, wait until they leave their place, then force your way in and sit on their couch naked until they get home. Ask them "How does it feel" then walk out. 









 Yeah, I worked for a government military agency for years and...it was awful. I just pretended. "Yeah guys, can you believe he didn't get that 3 yard down from the field goal line". Then everyone stares, assumes I'm kidding and keeps going. 

It's tough lol 




 Thought others may be interested in the benefit show coming up 11/15 at (le) poisson rouge in NYC for  "the peoples bailout". Hosts include Janeane Garofalo and Lizz Winstead with a great collaborative lineup. 

Thought I'd pass it on! 









 Exactly 




 This is my take on it currently. I am not sure why anyone would use read receipts dealing with someone 1:1 regularly unless they are being prickish though. 




 A recent debate between myself and some coworkers got me thinking - is it rude to request a read receipt in Outlook? On one hand, a receipt allows you to be thorough when dealing with a given issue but on the other hand it can convey that you don't trust someone is going to read the email in a timely manner.

Interested in the opinions of others on this. 




 "Be careful of the curse that falls on your lovers". Rings true every time. 




 I have no idea how football works. At all. 




 Poppycock. 




 Be lucky someone is helping you and stop bitching about it. 
























 There are no keys on my keyboard that can replicate the sound that I just made. 




 OK, this has potential too. Checking Netflix. 




 This was on television just a day or two ago. I watched about three minutes of it and have to agree that it was pretty damn bad, but it lacked that "oomph" that made me both awe-struck and sick to my stomach and that's what I'm hoping I can find... 




 WTF am i reading.jpg 




 But it really isn't. It's bad, but it isn't even 'Jersey Girl' bad. It just sucks in a mediocre way. 




 Believe it or not I have, but it was such an old film they had no idea what they were doing - I have to kind of forgive it for its ignorance... 




 This has potential. I have not seen this but am hunting the DVD right now. 




 I have seen 'The Room'. I have seen 'Troll 2'. I have even seen a Madea film. I do not believe these are the worst. I am looking for a movie that meets the following criteria: It is awful in acting, production, script and effects but DOES NOT KNOW IT. A movie that actually tries to be good and fails in every way.

Please help me find this holy grail. I know it is out there, waiting for me to hate it. 




 I bet Mandle was Michael Jacksons user name online. 




 It's not Fark. That's enough for me. 




 I hope you get gangraped by Ugandan chimpanzees and catch Michael BAIDS 














 I have never interviewed someone and considered their major. A BS is a BS. Apply for what you want, just be willing to start low and be prepared to work your way up. Good luck. 




 I told Michael Jackson that Propofol is pretty cool and told him to think about trying it. 




 I prefer to call them fondletops. It makes owning one feel dirty and illegal. 




 I'm going for a Surface, but not suggesting it until I have time to really use it. 




 It's the PBR tallboys talking. I heard he is a good guy when he's not drunk looking to start a fight at Dave and Busters. 




 Because Israel tells us to. 




 I just all over myself. 




 Jigglypuff. I have insomnia. 









 Those victims would all be too old for him now, I'd think. 









 I larfed 


































 Four days ago, I suffered a heart attack. Pretty fit, early 30's, completely unexpected. I had some incredible plans for New Years Eve and suddenly, in what seemed like one split second, everything changed.  














 If you own a dashcam and you are not a police officer - you might be an asshole. 



















 If you can be swayed on a subject as serious as the death penalty because of a comment on Reddit, you are a shining example of idiocy. 




 Begun, the Israel spin machine has. 




 Then you are incredibly weak minded. 









 I vomited in my mouth. A lot. And had to gulp it back down. Because of you. And I've voted Democrat for 20 years. 




 End existence of time. 




 From my standpoint as an American, it seems more countries are voicing dismissal/rejection of American policy. Brazil, Albania, even Mexico seems to be much more independent of US influence lately. I'd like to get perspective from other countries on this. 









 I am so impressed with this post. I am flush with envy at the stardom you are exposed to as you lick peoples boots. I would trade anything to be in your position, basking in the dying, faded light of the celebrity of others. 




 Only by the lowest denominator of voter, so I doubt it will do much. 




 You mean Governor McAuliffe? 




 You either win or you lose. Pointing out the margins is just petty at this point, and crying "Obamacare" while complaining about how much Dems spent is just ludicrous. You know that, right? 




 So the party that supported unlimited corporate cash in elections is bitching that it was "outspent"? I am loving every second of this. 




 If Republicans had won, it would have been a "referendum on Obamacare". When a Democrat wins, its "lesser of two evils". WTF 




 My vote is Money by Pink Floyd 




 What song do you think represents the previous century most accurately? Not albums, not bands - just one single song, taken at face value.  









 Yes, stay in your basement and hide, that'll show them! 




 I'm sure he'll beat the charges. And the people issuing the charges. And the camera crew on the steps as he leaves the court. And the girl waiting for him in the car. 




 This attitude is the result of a concerted effort over many years to disparage and disillusion the very core group that could actually influence voting outcomes. The fact that you are apathetic and "rebelling" via abstaining reflects a resounding success in their efforts to prevent change. 














 So you taught your kid a lesson by dressing like a convicted pedophile? 




 Ben Affleck will be Batman 




 Ouch. 




 Still laughing at this one 









 If this is considered "in the gutter", I've done things that would keep you up for days on end, sir. 




 My favorite reddit post, ever. Thank you. 




 Threadjack much? 




 I'm wondering if Google is testing empty defenses of poor business decisions on reddit now... 




 Hide my bottle of chloroform. 




 Article said they have 5 million max. 





























 I am looking right now to find out if there are any polls reflecting the percentage of Americans that approve of painful brain parasites for  comparison. 



















 It is becoming increasingly obvious the NSA is carrying out a war on humanity as a whole. 









 If it makes you feel any better, he was shot to death and didn't die of cancer. 




 Really? Really? 









 Breaking Bad was a prequel to Malcolm in the Middle. Walt fakes his death, escapes, flees and starts a new life when he meets Lois. 




 If so, curious what finally caused the change? If not, why do you believe he is a traitor? Thanks! 









 Wow, everyone is downvoting and I didnt even mention the fact that she is a cow. Weird. 




 Pictures of awful parents are hilarious. 




 I'd love to hear your definition of the word 'art'. I'm a long time hitRECord member and a huge fan, but the concept of art is something I don't hear you discuss in detail so anything you could throw my way would be appreciated thanks. 




 Remember that his dick is none of your business. 




 Google has zero credibility at this point. They can backpedal and try to suddenly appear concerned, but it's too late.

We are the kids that walked into the bedroom and found our mom Google in bed with her hands around the NSA's throbbing shaft. There is no way they can erase those awful images from my mind. Not happening. 




 So you stole saline and IV tubing and set it up without an order? 




 I imagine that sucked 




 For myself, it was working in a storage clearinghouse for a large grocery chain. Below freezing temps in the freezer, no breaks, barely lunch and horrible coworkers. All boosted by 12 hour shifts and no benefits. Was curious what others have gone through. 









 After the most recent revelations regarding NSA accessing their networks, Microsoft supplying Outlook encryption keys and other data mining policies, I don't believe one fucking thing Microsoft or Google have to say on this issue. 




 Marriage. 




 I don't yiff but if I were to yiff, I would yiff Gadget until she called the cops. 









 Oil. Israel. Capitalism. 

Apathetically rearrange, wash, repeat. 

 




 "Don't take the highroad. Kill her." 




 Ha ha molestation signs are hilarious... 









 The moment you put Reverend in front of your name, you volunteer for a higher level of scrutiny than the "rest of us" in my opinion. 



















 pork stool 




 That girl deserves better than a guy who posts pictures of plants to reddit. 




 This is the new definition of mistake to me. If anyone I know ever comes to me and says something like "I'm thinking of starting up heroin" or "I think I should spend all of my money on Zynga stock" I am going to say "You are possibly making a major Ben Affleck is going to play Batman in the next Man of Steel film". 









 I would disagree on this, imo nothing is more dangerous to our immediate society than letting those under 18 think they can murder someone openly and not suffer consequences. 




 Questionable actions by a kid at night, creeping around a neighborgood then gets shot while assaulting a guard - Obama calls him his son, leads a firestorm of racist supposition.

Clearly innocent kid gunned down randomly by an openly racist kid and his friends - Obama hasn't said a word.

Interesting. 









 The two are about neck and neck imo. Both show the depths government is willing to go to get its way. 














 I don't think any of them are capable of feeling.  



















 Who cares? 









 Transgendered people suffer from a form of body image distortion in my opinion. I'm not sure it's the same thing. I am frustrated when they are lumped together with bi/homosexual men and women. Trans is a different animal. It's like saying "All blacks,Asians and Arabs are the same because they are all minorities!"

Not the same at all. 




 I dated a gay man once who didn't believe in bisexualism. He did not handle it well when I left him for a woman. 




 SAY THAT TO MY ONLINE FUCKER, AND NOT FACE AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS FAGET 









 YOU -'- RE A FAGGOT, FAGGOT 









 Lets ogle at bones. Theres nothing primitive about that at all. 




 Racism isn't funny. 




 Wow, not only do you know how to link to my profile but you can post links to? Look at you go! Next you'll be pooping all by yourself! 




 No time today but I will as soon as I can. She has band practice Saturday so I probably can email them to myself and clean up before she's back. 




 No it isn't. We give Israel the money, there are zero repayment terms for Israel. They are waived. No repayment. No interest. Nothing. 




 Not that I have to explain myself to anyone, but sure. A country that dictates our policy, ridicules our economics in open public addresses and has less national debt than we do should be, in theory, able to support themselves without attaching their lips to our nipples. Just my opinion, but handing aid to a country that has repeatedly been caught spying in our government and repeatedly acts without consulting us (normally to the detriment of the entire middle eastern region) is not someone we should be shoveling hundreds of millions to when we have major economic problems in this country that could use those funds. 




 Yep, posting random figures without checking them is great work... 




 How? We have caught, in the past 15 years, more Israeli spies working in our government than any other country. They openly refer to us as cattle.  The blatantly refuse to end the temper tantrum known as the Gaza incursion and are dragging us and every other democratic society into the fray. In fact, I can't think of one single thing Israel has done for us.  




 http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/israel-will-lose-175-million-in-u-s-foreign-aid-due-to-sequestration-cuts.premium-1.506024 




 Now this is an answer that makes sense to me. Thanks. It would technically not be searching ones PC, but their use of open lines. Gotcha, thanks for shedding some light on that. 




 Now name calling. Your intellect and penis size must be genuinely profound sir because I for one am impressed. 




 That is what I found interesting. I was curious if this argument has ever been applied to corporations. Can the use of a service forfeit certain rights? Radical example, could a woman working for WalMart legally be told by the company that she is not allowed to vote? 




 1. You're assuming I mean this to apply to me. Poor stance.
2. You're assuming a stranger on the internet could not possibly read. Poor presentation.
3. You use arbitrary betting and worthless words instead of facts or sources. Wasted time.

Thanks though. Appreciate your effort. 




 So the federal ruling granting students the right to privacy from their educational institutions, which are not government entities, is incorrect?

For reference:
http://education-law.lawyers.com/school-law/Students-Have-Privacy-Rights-Under-the-Fourth-Amendment.html 




 Based on what precedent? This is what I am trying to ascertain. 




 No, it doesn't specify government.

"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized" 




 Based on what? If you're using Mcdonalds drive through, can they search your car? 




 We as a country have a little bit more to worry about right now than a pretty little soundbite that they can throw up in the 2014 election cycle. This is nice, but since the research was PAID FOR BY US, it isn't exactly a nice gesture to GIVE THE RESULTS TO US. 







































 Thanks for the feedback. I can see from your high link submission karma that you know what you're talking about and you're not just an armchair dude farting on your keyboard. :) 
























 I'm not sure they are thinking clearly. I imagine they are working brutal hours due to overall shortage of staff. International workers and Red Cross have been attacked several times by locals and it's scaring off volunteers. Those that braved it are wearing themselves down.

I'm a nurse and I feel like more should volunteer to get down there and help contain this, but I have a family and take the easy way out. I still feel this has potential to get very very horrible.

I hope the doctor makes it through. :( 









 Where does Jesus advocate military spending versus helping the poor? I'm looking and...I might have a busted copy because this copy of the New Testament doesn't mention that at all. 









 Came to post this very thing. 









 That is also not true. Shareholders also have interest in longevity of positive return for investment. Criminal activity, even if it could result in higher share price, isn't the ideal scenario for the average investor either. 




 I'm going to go with this answer myself 









 Hawking speculated in 'The Grand Design' that conscious observation may be a fundamental part of the formation of the universe, since without it 'existence' ceases to exist. 




 I like to take it one step further. Since energy is infinite, time is irrelevant. Everything energy will be or can be/has been currently exists at once. We interpret the state we're in based on perception of our current existence, but that's our nature. That doesn't make time as we understand it a natural law.

If we were to perceive this infinite energy in its true form, we'd see the state of everything we know to exist as simply varying forms of the same energy. Everyone around you are simply different states of you. You are every single person who has ever been, currently lives and who will ever be. Along with every single other "living" thing. 














 The United States should install minarets, as many Muslim countries do for prayer. Each day, at sunrise, midday and at sundown this song should be blasted. 365 days a year. 



















 A piece my wife did of her cousin, wanted to share. Thanks :) 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Describe a typical day doing your job.
2. How much influence do you and your kind really have on global oil prices?
3. Do you feel speculation as a whole has a positive or a negative impact on global economies?
4. What made you decide to do this job?
5. Do you feel oil markets need more or less government regulation? Why?

Thanks for your time! 









 "Experimental evidence of massive-scale emotional contagion through social networks" by Adam D. I. Kramer, Jamie E. Guillory, and Jeffrey T. Hancock

Thanks for the advice. I am lodging a complaint now. Hopefully others find this as disgusting as I do. 




 Excellent point. Do you think there is a way to obtain the names of involved practitioners?  









 Because of the new movie, this franchise is dead to me. 




 I didn't ask what caused it. I asked how to lessen it. In my former life as a nurse, I saw hundreds of gallons of various fluids thrown away in sealed rubber bags. Bags that are not going to biodegrade in your grandchild's lifetime. This is daily.

My question is, over the course of years, decades, that kind of resource abuse is a zero-sum game. 

But a good friend of mine who is a devoted Tea Party member completely agrees with you and said almost your exact argument. I just feel like it fails to touch on the issue of preservation.

We recycle aluminum. We separate plastics at the bin. We take absolutely no steps to preserve water or reintroduce it into our ecosystem, which I feel is a misstep. 




 I was hoping for an intelligent response to this. Thanks for posting the opposite, though. 




 Shouldn't draining containers that possess water be required before disposing of them? It seems logical, but this question stirred quite the debate amongst my friends and I last night. 









 That is an entire season of Celebrity Rehab with just two men. 
























 Thanks everyone, I appreciate the feedback. He is nearing middle school age. The divorce was years ago, I can't even imagine her discussing me publicly knowing how many times we've been to court. I'm going to try the pro bono avenue, I've tried before and I get many rejections based on wages.

Any attempt to return to court from position of plaintiff fails on my part, they don't listen or take me seriously in any real regard. It's hard to get into details, but essentially the relationship between a counselor and the judge in my case wound up costing me. I disagreed with the counselor regarding her attempt to medicate my son (I work in healthcare and knew a licensed counselor was not legally allowed to recommend medications for my son), so I requested a new counselor and suddenly she testified that I didn't listen to medical advice and bam, lost medical rights over my son. This was followed by my ex immediately filing and stating that if I disregarded medical advice, then my son wouldn't be safe traveling to my place. Ta da. 

A frustrating aside, the divorce started when I caught her cheating with a man 20 years older, who was both of our boss in the civilian military contract we both were working at the time. She denied this in court, I presented evidence she lied. That's how she lost, as she was proven to be unreliable in court. But the moment this counselor and I disagreed, the entire game changed. Just incredibly frustrating how biased the family court system is in favor of the mothers, but in this case I am convinced there is a loophole or a crack I've been overlooking that could help me.

Thanks again everyone. 




 After my divorce in West Virginia, I moved to Baltimore MD. The courts had ruled 50/50 custody. My ex repeatedly dragged me to court for every single reason you can imagine, and each time I won until the final court case, case number 9, where she said my sons mental health was impaired because of the travel to see me. Out of money and representing myself, I lost that single case and she gained majority custody.

My ex has completely stopped letting me see or contact my son and I cannot get the courts to act. I am still paying a large sum in child support and live paycheck to paycheck with my current wife and our baby, even though she is married to someone retired from military and they own three houses. The fact that she has children with her new husband was considered a hardship by the judge in our case and I had an additional 10 percent added to my final monthly child support.

I just want to see my son. I have no money, at all, to hire another attorney. I've burned through every dime I had in court costs. I won 8 consecutive cases. I have tried appeals, they were overturned. The judge told me to get a lawyer. I make too much to qualify for legal aid but my wages are on paper. In reality, I have a family to support and I'm struggling.

Anyone with any suggestions, please let me know. I literally have no idea what I can do now. 














 Your English is great! No worries 




 Sreb's my wife. It's her sister that made these. 




 Could you ask her for specifics on how she did this? :)  




 They're all real eggs, apparently some type of tissue and tile? I have no idea what they're talking about :/ 




 I don't think I'd use the word easy to describe it lol. There appear to be no seams of any kind, it's one smooth shell with a layer of varnish sealing it and enhancements painted on them. 

I'm lucky if I can dye an egg in food coloring without causing skin discoloration and/or ruining clothing and furniture. 



















 "Hey, he don't thunk like me thoughts, he must be one of them weirds!"

Your post reads like a really bad bully in an old ABC after school movie. 




 The sequel: "Terminated by Noon"? 




 1) What timezone do you live in and what hours do you normally reddit? DC area, all day typically off and on. 

How many hours a week do you normally use reddit? 20+

2) Where have you moderated before? Game and music forums mostly, including the XBOX Addicts forum, dnbmp3, soulseek 'music', OKCupid and long ago dogsonacid

What do you like and dislike about moderating? I like interacting with people and helping solve problems. I do not care for having to sift through endless pictures of genitals.

If you could ask the admins to change one thing about moderating, what would it be? Bundled HTML notifications via email are always useful

3) What does AskReddit need to change? Less repeat questions is a big one

How would you improve AskReddit by being on the team? Actively search history, plus I am here enough that I recognize the repeats and questions that feel "common"

4) A post goes up and your gut says that it breaks the rules but youre not sure which rule it breaks. What do you do? Research. If that doesn't turn up a good solution, then I ask someone who may know (another mod)


5) Why is rule 5 important? Objectivity is important. This should be a place to share knowledge, not rant and rave. There's better places for that. No exceptions.

6) Why is rule 6 important? Should there be exceptions made? If so, what? There are more suitable subreddits for that. No exceptions.

7) Do you agree with the expansion of rule 8? I agree so long as it remains in genuine good faith adherence to the community spirit and not some personal act of spite against a particular user.

9) What do you consider to be a bannable offense? Blatant trolling, repeating a question despite the question being removed and harassing other users are significant issues.

10) Youre a new mod and you see another mod make a banning that you dont think is justified. What do you do? Stand behind the moderators decision and expect they stand behind decisions I make. If there's a REALLY strong case for "wrongful banning", I'd shoot them a PM voicing my concerns then let them make the final call.

 




 If you read Reddit without worrying what other Reddit users think of your opinions, you realize it's shit. 




 So you're saying conclusively that the standard of living of a nation is dependent on it having a stock market?  









 Never thought I'd have to break this down for someone, but since you missed something along the line...It's the sound of the word. I hate it. Hope that makes my selection acceptable to you. Do I have your permission to dislike it now? 




 Moist. That word has always troubled me. 














 I imagine virtually every single person who posts on reddit to look like some variation of a Garbage Pail Kid. 




 I vomited in my mouth. A lot. 




 They should have clarified that before wasting my time. 









 I'd suggest actually reading what he said instead of making random ominous statements. It's the literal definition of hypocrisy for the United States to object to Russias "intervention" in Crimea. The US government made their bed and they can scream like 2 year olds, claiming the sky is falling, but at the end of the day they have little choice but to sleep in it. 









 Funny, they won't say which care facility he is in. It's almost like they don't want a bunch of people showing up picketing at the location... 









 This is what I didn't understand, Chapter 11 doesn't apparently have any type of waiting period. Thanks! 




 Keep spending your time sitting around posting questions on Reddit. Nature will take care of the rest. 




 Insane ramblings from someone who thought they were special. 




 Technically yes, there can be some cauterization from the entry of rounds depending on distance. As an ER nurse, the majority of severe bleeding I saw in wounds from gunshots came from one of two major points. The exit wound or the internal bleeding which was normally related to the round exploding internally and causing significant damage to internal organs. 




 Taking into account the major shift towards "corporate personhood", it seems contradictory that they would have special privilege when it comes to going bankrupt. 




 If you do anything other than back off, you are wrong. 




 Depending on what country you were in, you may now even be married :) 














 Zero sympathy for someone unemployed for two years. 




 Unless the object of the game is to have sex with someone, I'm not seeing how it matters, honestly 




 Wish there was video of this. 
























 Seriously? 









 What is one role from any existing story you wish you could play before you die? 




 My ex-wife left me for her boss, who was 20 years older. That was...something. 

I once had to break up with a girl by telling her I was gay so that she wouldn't quit a play I was directing. It was a really weird time in my life. 









 I have the baseball one somewhere, if you are referencing the one with the red lights that moved? 




 I still use AOL Instant Messenger. Daily. 

*hangs head in shame* 









 Your history reads like a 7th grade girl on the playground screaming "I'm telling" over and over and over...

You knew that, right? 




 No, it is quite accurate. They are both beginning the process of discrediting the messenger instead of focusing on the message.  




 This proves beyond any doubt that our Congress has completely detached itself from the rest of the world. They literally cannot process how a man could see something wrong and try to fix it. They have to try every form of smear they can think of. And sadly, it took them this long to come up with "Blame the Commies!"

This is disgusting. 
























 "The governor accepted full responsibility but not an ounce of blame." Great quote, and a great way to explain exactly what Christie managed to do. 









 Disgraceful. 




 Rot in hell. 




 Exactly. And these aren't aides. One is a friend. A friend since high school. I don't believe for one second that his friend from high school hid that act from him. No way. 




 The person directly connected to it has known Christie since high school. I have a hard time believing Christie didn't know anything. The man is too much of an asshole to let things go by in his office without his sayso.  




 What do you mean? Personally, I think he is sinking. Not sure what you mean by motive? 

Also, did they ever conclude how these emails leaked? 




 Yes this is a political topic, but I'm curious what Reddit thinks about the issue.  














 This is so sad. 




 Unless you dont die. You linger. And require skilled care for years and years... 




 THIS is something I would love as a benefit. My insurance doesn't offer this and I think thats insanity 




 Whatever the case, they ultimately care about money. It seems like giving a discount card for members to get fruits and vegetables for 5 percent off would ultimately save them money down the road if they have a healthier membership? Until we address the fact that cheeseburgers at McDonalds are cheaper than balanced meals I think people will be forced to make the unhealthier decisions...at least here in the US.  




 Covering discounts for fruits, vegetables, whole grain breads etc seems like it would ultimately save the insurance companies money. why don't they do this? 
























