 Her testimony can be evidence. 




 There should be a court date listed on the ticket.  Attend the court date and present whatever evidence you have. 




 If there is a difference in fines and/or points between 5 over and 15 over, and there almost certainly is, then yes it is to his benefit to try to correct the issue in court. 




 Entirely relevant.  You should respect your aunt's wishes.  Don't be a dick. 




 Its unlikely that you'd be assigned a public defender without appearing in court first-at least that seems to be the general process.

You can hire an attorney to appear for you, but in most criminal actions the defendant is required to be present. 




 It's unlikely you'd find someone to do this for free. Attorneys make their living by charging clients.  




 Hey hey hey! There are literally dozens of us!! 




  Can I just ship something to my neighbor and hand him a bill for it

Of course not.  Your neighbor did not order anything from you.  You engaged in business with this third party and through a series of misunderstandings got a free product.  You do not get to keep free products under those circumstances.  That is the law.

Where you read that you do not need to pay for it or send it back, those are *unordered* merchandise.  Like you sending something completely unsolicited to your neighbor.  This is not that situation. 




 Generalized anxiety and panic disorder. Thank goodness for Paxil.  




 Yeah that came out of left field. 









 Obviously he can not afford a lawyer, as he is living in his car, and our public defenders here are notoriously guilty plea factories. Are there any organizations that offer help in these kinds of situations?

Public defenders are no better or worse than paid attorneys.  Public defenders tend to plea out many cases because many of their clients are dead to rights guilty and there is only so much they can do.  If the stop and search was legitimate, it doesn't matter how much you pay for an attorney, your brother is almost certain to be found guilty.  In that circumstance pleading it out would likely get him a better deal.  Not every criminal case benefits from going to trial.

If this is his first offense he's unlikely to get the maximum penalty.

You'd need to find a friend or family member that can take the dog. 




 Guys like this give lawyers a bad name. 




 /u/Citicop you are not welcome here!! 




 I'd be interested to see any case law you might have on this. 

I know if I tried that argument with a judge they'd tell me I knew exactly what was meant and shoot my argument down.  




 The consensus here disagrees with you. Consent is not a two way street. They have consent to record you. You do not have consent to record them.  




 OOP? 




 What did you have in your apartment that was worth $28,000?

Keep in mind that you can certainly sue him, and would almost certainly win, but you cannot sue for the value of new items.  You have to sue for the market value of your used items.  If someone steals my car, I can't sue them for the replacement value of a brand new car, but the value of my old used car. 




  And he enjoys fawning over 15 year old girls

Link? 




 Why were you in jail for 14 days if you were not charged with anything? 




 A statement from a cop is neither of those things.  




 Yes 




 You can absolutely get a ticket without getting pulled over.  




 Well here's the thing. If you ask an officer what should I do, and the officer says, do this, that MAY be entrapment. If you ask an officer is it legal for me to do this, and he lies and says yes, that's not entrapment  




 It's clear that you wanted to do it, that you were inclined to do it, but were waiting for legal advice from a police officer that is permitted to lie to you. Entrapment is when you had no inclination to do the illegal act, info from police or not.  




 The police are allowed to lie to you. If the cop ordered him to pick up the bag that's different.  




 New Jersey does not offer a no contest plea.  




 No that's not entrapment. Police have no duty to tell you the truth and lying to you is not entrapment. It's almost never entrapment.  




 Legal advice is don't get involved in other peoples business when it will just come back to bite you in the ass, slugger.  




 What "system?" 




 "Best of /r/legaladvice" based on the title alone. 




 Wait, it says he's 182 cm.  Isn't that like 5'11'?? 




 I usually dont like childfree evangelists who like to spout vitriol about crotch fruit and such. That said, this is their wedding, let everyone know ahead of time, and *they paid for a babysitter for family with kids.*

They've gone above and beyond. I love my children but if someone else is going to pay for a sitter so I can eat their food drink their beer and rock out to music fuck yeah I'm all about it.  




 Or if he's an at will employee just fire him without giving a reason.  




 You can contact them to let them know about your concerns.  If you so chose you could sue them for any damages to your son, which from what you state here are very minimal. 




  In many states, like mine, there is no statute of limitations for rape

What state is that? 




  'm guessing that most Americans didn't have this education

You seriously don't think Americans are taught about ancient Egypt?  That the only info we get about Egypt comes from watching Abbot and Costello meet the Mummy?   




 Because it isn't breaking a law. This is not a legal issue.  




 Why did you repost this? 




  But it isn't my natural response.

I do a lot of stuff during sex that isn't my natural response because it makes my partner happy.  Sex isn't all about you. 




  The fights are pretty good huh?

Yeah, they were. Even if you want to call them dancing they were awesome looking dances. 




 Sue him for what you feel he owes you.  Courts normally frown on self help. 




 She can certainly sue for the costs to replace the pet, as well as any damage to her belongings in her room.

Keep wolf hybrids may be illegal in her area.  In any case she should report the incident to animal control. 




 Fleas? 




 Lots of people don't realize that the constitution refers to habeas corpus as a privilege, not a right, and specifically permits it to be suspended "when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it." 




 I don't know of any laws that require RAs to keep information confidential.   




  Bolt VanderHuge

Big McLargeHuge. Blast HardCheese. Blast ThickNeck. Bob Johnson. Bold BigFlank? 




  I'll be blunt - is this code for "I asked the concierge to send up a hooker?"

My thoughts 100% 




  That is five miles over the posted speed limit, but going "with the flow of traffic" for the road.

Speeding is speeding.  The "flow of traffic" does not matter. 




  That's simply not true. 26 states do not require showing ID prior to anything short of an arrest.

Every single state requires you to show your license if you are driving a car.  You are incorrect. 




 Orders are orders. You cannot make your own adjustments. Take it to court.  




 Okay bro. 




 If I refuse to play holiday music in the restaurant I'm an assistant manager at during my shifts, if I were to get reprimanded, could I expect anti discrimination protection as an atheist?

Oh for Christ's sake. 




 Heh.  Wiener.  




 Kim has to spend every other weekend at Joe's because of court not wanting to give us full custody, we want Joe out of the picture

Even if you had full custody her father would still get visitation.  It is highly unlikely you will ever be able to eliminate her father from her life.

Tells her Kim won't be going back anytime soon until they get their shit figured out with Dan.

Court ordered child arrangements are *orders* not suggestions that you can change as you wish.  She is required to adhere to the visitation schedule are her mother is required to ensure that she does.  If you are afraid for her safety the proper course of action is to attempt to modify the order. 




  I have no reason to ever return to that state, and seriously doubt I would be extradited over a misdemeanor that is 15 years old.

They would likely extradite you.

Even if they didn't there would still be an active warrant for your arrest.  Every time you had any interaction with the police you'd be arrested due to that warrant. 




 Yeah, you tell LocationBot.  I'm tired of it confusing those terms! 




 Unless she has an employment contract, she can be fired at the end of the 12 weeks of leave if she does not return to work. 




 There is no law against hanging out with young men. 




 Yes it does. You appeared to be drunk in public. As a student there there's a good chance you're a minor. You had bottle of liquid in plain view. That's likely probable cause right there. The officer does not need to go get a warrant for the bottle sticking out of your pocket.  




 He threatened to arrest me if I did not leave immediately.  




  I was given tramatic brain injury from this, and would like to see justice. What should my next cognitive step legal be?

Speak with a personal injury attorney. 




 Your bottle was in plain sight.  You were likely acted much drunker than you think you were, which is likely all the probable cause they need.

You were threatened with arrest because you were ordered to leave an area and did not, not because you wanted to file a complaint. 




 Details. 




 You gave away someone else's property. The correct course of action would be to take the dog to an animal shelter not give it away to a third party.  




 The lease will control the pet situation. If she brings a cat in DO NOT take matters into your own hands. That's theft.  




 You will have no success whatsoever in beating these tickets. It just me not happen. 

That said I'd love to see the legal research you did on how the 5th Amendment applies to traffic tickets.  




 The majority of mainstream feminists do not look down on stay at home moms. They want women to have a choice. If you freely choose to stay home, they think that's awesome.  




 That is the basic definition of feminism.  




   I am not a feminist.

You don't think men and women should be equal? 




 You will almost certainly not get off on a technicality. I've never seen that happen with a speeding ticket.  




 You didn't get tracked 




 i respectfully disagree

And the law disagrees with you.  The law wins, btw. 




 Custody of children comes down to what is best for them. Pets are property and are examined in that light. You can make the argument that since you found them and have spent the most time with them you own them. Be prepared for a judge to give one to you and one to your sister.  




 A female and I (6'1" male) get in a heated argument over some topic. In a fit of rage, she swings and sucker punches me as hard as she can. In angry retaliation, I strike her back as hard as I can. Due our size difference, I get off with only a chipped tooth/swollen mouth, while she is left with a serious concussion/possible permanent brain injury. How screwed would I be? Would there be significant changes if our injuries were similar, if I swung first, if the other person was male, or if the person they initially sucker punched wasn't me, but rather a friend?

Not nearly enough information to say.

 I am carrying an expensive ring and drop it on the ground. As I go to pick it up, someone else quickly scoops it up and begins running away. For all intents and purposes assume there is beyond a doubt no way an officer would make it in time before the thief got away, and no way the thief could be tracked/caught. Believing that the ring would be lost for good otherwise, I sprint after them and tackle them to the ground. In order to escape, they attack me in what is arguably self defense. In the struggle to prevent them from escaping, I injure them in some way (ex: break their arm). Would I be screwed in this case? What if instead of stealing the item, it was some unique heirloom they were threatening to break, so that if I didn't interfere in that moment it would beyond a doubt be destroyed?

You could face repercussions but they are unlikely.  You are not Batman and should call the police if such an issue arises.

Some co-worker keeps eating my lunch I leave in the fridge, but no one fesses up when I ask around. I make it clear, I leave a note by the food, belongs to Noobsauce, please do not take! Eventually I lose my cool and hatch an evil plot- I load my next lunch with a bunch of laxative. Am I technically breaking the law here? What if the person had a serious medical reaction to what I put into the food, whether it be some unintended extreme (allergic to something), something in the middle (x10 the recommended dose of laxatives), or something terrible (I go crazy and add cyanide to my lunch)?

We get this question all the time.  No, this is not legal. 
























 I did not care for Breaking Bad.  




 Well, listen, you can certainly take a shot but I don't know how successful you'll be.  The only thing you're at all likely to recover is the difference in costs.  You won't get your legal fees back, and you won't get any kind of public acknowledgement that you were right and they were wrong.  Also the Attorney General doesn't just give out opinions based on a citizen complaint that they were overcharged 15 bucks.  The AG is the attorney for the government.

People say this here often and it's usually a stupid idea, but IF you're correct going to local media might be a good idea. 




  That doesn't really help me. Sorry.

Yes, it does, since judges frequently base their decisions on a reasonableness standard. 




 The statute you quoted seems to indicate that this is a "base fee" meaning the fee can go no *lower* than $42.00.  In other sections of that same statute, there is no "base fee" language, meaning that this is somehow different.  I'd wager that that is the minimum, not the maximum, penalty. 




 Boy that ancap stuff came out of nowhere.  




 It seems like she's liable for damages but just flying under the radar. Is that an accurate portrayal?

Yes.  




 You sound really really stupid. 

One of the reasons that sexual relations with minors is against the law is because they are unable to give consent.  




 You're still missing the point. I'm not talking about violent assault. I'm talking about someone attempting to pursue a romantic/sexual relationship. My wife is able to recognize that and shut it down. It doesn't matter if a heterosexual male cannot stop himself from pursuing a relationship with my wife because my wife can refuse his advances. A kid cannot.  




 You're not getting it. Not getting treated for cancer will kill you. Not getting treated for AIDS will kill you. Not getting trans treatment WILL NOT kill you. Unfortunately some individuals are in such a difficult situation that they harm themselves but this is NOT the same thing, no matter how much you want it to be.  




 Not getting trans treatment does not medically lead to death.  




 I seriously doubt a judge would find that hormone therapy is medically necessary. Strictly speaking it was not a life saving treatment. Yes I understand the tragic outcome but that does not make such a procedure a life saving treatment.  




 [It's always the other one!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbxydkIMtu1qleraio3_250.gif) 




   Chances are, the court won't even want to hear it -- what she's doing is legal and thus irrelevant.

I assume the judge would be very interested that she isn't sober when she's watching the kids by herself, just as the judge would be interested if someone was drinking perfectly legal scotch during the day while watching the kids alone. 




 If it's not cool for your wife to drink when she's home alone with the kids, it isn't cool for her to smoke pot.  I'd speak to her about these issues and tell he this is unacceptable, and if there are no changes you are free to file for divorce. 




  No, I don't.
 The same way I wouldn't ask a man to trust me with his wife.

But as we've been arguing, this is entirely different.  My wife is around men all the time.  I don't worry about this because she is able to let them know she is uninterested.   




  Also, at the very least they should recognize that they should work with kids.

Shouldn't? 




  Self control is a thing and people should both exercise it and recognize the potential for its use by others.

You admit to being a pedophile.  Do you expect parents to take your word for it that you do not intend to act on your desires? 




 How is an individual supposed to know that a pedophile is entirely in control of their urges?

Suppose a man knows my wife is married to me but decides to hit on her anyway, which does happen to married women.  I know that my wife has the maturity and experience to express to the man his disinterest.  I can rely on the other individual in the scenario.

Suppose a pedophile hits on my daughter.  She does NOT have the maturity and experience to express her disinterest.  The pedophile may believe she is reciprocating and thinks she is a willing participant.

If my daughter has a tutor that is a pedophile, how do I know that he controls him or herself? 




  Will I be penalized for fighting the ticket and being found guilty rather than going straight to the prosecutor and ask for a no point charge?

If you appear before the judge and get anything other than a dismissal to all charges, you will be assessed court costs.  Speaking to the prosecutor and asking for a different charge will still require you to appear before the judge and plea to the new charge.

Your chances of being found not guilty to all charges are essentially zero.  Additionally, the prosecutor can and likely will speak to the cop before agreeing to anything.  If the cop remembers the speeding issue you can be issued a ticket for that as well. 




 If I express interest in another adult, I assume she has the maturity and experience to be able to deny my advances if she is not interested.

The issue with child abuse and statutory rape is that children do not have the maturity and experience to be able to deny advances and are at risk of being taken advantage of. 









 You cannot force an employer to extend FMLA leave.  




  If the policy is owned by you, it is part of your (also taxable) estate. 

Citation?  I've never seen a circumstance where a policy with a designated beneficiary was considered part of an estate allowing a creditor to go after it. 




 Your life insurance policy is not part of your estate so long as you designate a beneficiary.  Your creditors can sue your estate to recover funds, but since your policy is not party of the estate, they cannot go after that. 




 My understanding is that life insurance is not part of the estate and cannot be seized by creditors, so long as it has a designated beneficiary. 




 They are not her dogs and she cannot keep them.  She should call animal control. 




 You're not getting total ignorance. You're just not getting the answers you want. Everything you've said we know. We understand. Our answers are the same. Yes, for priviledge to apply an attorney must be involved even in a municipal government. I don't know what else to tell you. 

Also disclosure laws are state AND federal. Washington has their own open public records act.  




 Okay, I'll try to break this down for you since you seem to have some type of disability that makes you not only stupid but also a jackass.

When an attorney represents an organization, he also has an individual attorney client relationship with the members of that organization.  The law does not look at them as though they were the Borg, assimilated into one unit. 

Thus, when one individual member of an organization talks to another individual member, they are two clients, even though their members of the same organization.

You also keep missing the simple fact that for an attorney client privilege to exist, at least one of the parties involved must be an attorney! 




 ONLY COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN AN ATTORNEY AND CLIENT. 

If a client passes on attorney work product to another client that is NOT between an attorney and client.  




 Yeah Im not an idiot. I get it. Only communications between attorneys and clients are privileged. Communications between clients are not.  




 You can't create privilege by ccing an attorney. If there needs to be privileged communication it should be between the attorney and the client.  




 Nullification only refers to not convicting a guilty man. 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification 




 I don't understand how an innocent person being found guilty is nullification.  




 Yeah I think subsequent remedial measures are excluded under evidence rules in most places. And I think the CA rule on apologies is a good one.  




 Why put victims in scare quotes?   




 One of my favorites. 




 Why don't they simply accept fault, make it very obvious what they are doing to change, and create more of a personal/human connection with those harmed?

That can be taken as an admission of liability.

Has that been tried in the past, and did it not work?

Yes, of course.  Your anecdote doesn't change the fact that this was likely a poor legal strategy on the part of the farm.  They were negligent and could have been sued with good cause.

everyone was so taken aback by the open communication and obvious heartfelt apology of the dairy owners, that they felt satisfied and did not feel the need for retribution

Lawsuits are not about retribution, but about making an individual whole again.  If a company screws up and due to that screw up harms others, they should pay for it.  If someone chooses not to make them do so, that's certainly a valid choice, but it is not somehow more righteous or commendable than filing a meritorious lawsuit. 




 Did he explain why he is not going to do anything about it? 









 Post. 




 Adults have to do things they don't want to do all the time. Find a real estate agent to help with the process. Otherwise the taxes owed will only continue to accrue.  




 I'm not sure what you're asking. The prosecution is an arm of the state, just like the police.  









  Is a dentist a full doctor? Or a physical therapist? or how about a Doctor of Nursing Practice?

No, but all those professions are based on science. 




 Sure looks like it to me.  









 They can sue the police department and the town.  




 https://i.imgur.com/E0dyhY6.gif 









  A few hours.

Your father is going to be gone for a few hours and you're concerned about legal liability?  You're babysitting for the afternoon.  Happens millions of time all around the country.  Relax. 




 Tried them all, nothing beats American. 




  I had brought up the point that well, what if the lawyer suggests Option C as the course to take that will incur greater fees in the future than Option A

What "fees" are you talking about? 




 Talk to an attorney asap. There's plenty of time to file a complaint before the statute runs. You need to do this to protect your interests. What lawyer said they wouldn't touch it? All you need to do is file a complaint. Call attorneys until you get one that will work with you.  









 Wait what? The vast vast majority of people are not abusers.  




 I downvote /u/boathole whenever I get the chance.  Just for funzies. 




 *Mother, May I Suckle at the Teat of Danger?* 




 Yeah, this has Lifetime movie written all over it! 




 You might get better replies at /r/law or ever /r/askreddit. 









  The problem with treadmills is that you don't do any work. The machine does the running for you.

Huge overstatement. It's easier than road running but in no way do you not do any work. You still do a ton of work. They are an awesome way to run when you can't get outside.  




 File an OPRA request.  Those documents should absolutely be public records. 




 Why are they doing this? 




 Likely yes. Whoever took the pic owns the copyright.  




 This is incorrect. He can be cited any time up to the statute of limitations. A prior warning makes no difference.  




  When you discuss the case with the attorney from the insurance keep in mind that he/she IS NOT YOUR ATTORNEY. 

100% incorrect and terrible advice.  




 Probably looking at a minimum of a 10-20k retainer 




 In America it is exceedingly rare to get the other side to pay for your legal costs.  Plus she may not have any assets to do so even if she did win. 




 we cant afford to pay for an attorney ourself

Then you likely can't get one.  The insurance company will provide an attorney for you.  Unless you have significant personal assets then it is unlikely they will settle for more than your insurance value. 




 If that's the case it may very well be unenforceable.  Call your local bar association and see if they can recommend an employment attorney to look it over for you before you sign it. 




 It seems to only protect the company that I work for and does nothing for me.

Well, yeah, that's the nature of non-competes.

You're probably looking at 1-2 hours of review by an attorney.  How much an attorney would charge per hour depends on where you are located. 




 "Traffic Ticket Rhino."

Strike one.

 They promise that for $145 dollars I can get no points on my license at least, and there is a possibility that my traffic fee can be reduced.

Strike two.

However, after I requested a quote, they called me from an "unknown" number, they refused to give me a number which I could call after I said I needed time to think about it, and they simply just offered to call me again tomorrow.

Strike three.

Hire an attorney that is professional and does not make unethical promises.  It is possible they may be able to reduce the fine and points, which could save you money in the long term on your insurance. 




 If the president of the Walt Disney company gave her a copy the answer would be the same.  




  Say I am legally given ownership to this recording from my mother, am I still bound to the wishes of the creator from over 30 years ago?

Yes.  If your mother gives you her VHS copy of Lady and the Tramp it does not mean you can use it as you see fit. 




  Does US law recognize copies of a document/recording made elsewhere as being independent of each other once under the jurisdiction of US law?

No 
























 I seriously doubt it is.

There's no hard and fast rule for this.  If you call your dress that, and an attorney for the movie company thinks it looks to similar, and they feel like suing you, you'd get sued.  You'd have to pay for an attorney to defend you. 




  If I sell them only on a marketplace for handmade items and specifically state "This is not an xx-licensed product," would that satisfy that requirement?

Almost certainly not. 




 I thought I read somewhere that it has to be 20% different, but I don't know if that's right.

I've never heard that.  How do you judge want percentage of a dress is different?

 




 [Come on.](http://bit.ly/1CwahrG) 




 This is just a hypothetical situation.

Sounds like maybe it's your torts homework. 




 I would be ok with a mutual agreement that neither parent is allowed to have their unmarried partners over during child visitation.

You have little to no chance of getting something like this.

You should speak with an attorney so they can inform a judge about what's going on.  If what you're saying is true the girlfriend's actions are inappropriate and a judge can order her to stop. 




 Top comment to the old post is from NYPL... :( 




 Not a legal issue. He should go to the head of the department.  




 If you want the prenup to be valid you both need to retain separate attorneys to review it before signing.  




  ya because i would prefer not to pay. I'm not saying I am a good guy or anything.

The cop can and would issue you a new ticket for going 44 in a school zone. 




 I'm in the midwestern US. I'd rather not say which city.

What state? 




 We don't do referrals here.  You can call your local bar association and ask them for a recommendation. 




 As I understand it, the FPT concept exists in criminal law and allows defendants to be charged with a string of crimes all descending from the original violation. Why does it not extend into civil tort law?

[That is not at all what that means.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fruit_of_the_poisonous_tree) 




 This is not a legal issue.  It is an administrative issue with the school. 




 If you're going to be running a real life charity, you need to consult with a real life attorney.  This is too big an issue to ask here. 




 There is nothing here. If you made a formal request for the tweets they would print them out and give them to you.  




 I'm not sure what you're trying to say. It is a fact that both mulatto and negro originated as Spanish terms and have since become part of our language.  




 Negro is a Spanish term too.  They've both become a part of the English language. 




 Here's my comment. 




 I've never heard the term used in the North East, and I've known many mixed race, or biracial, people.  If you google it, you get results that refer to it as a derogatory term.  It's archaic in the majority of the United States.  I certainly wouldn't refer to someone as a negro or colored, just as I wouldn't refer to them as mulatto.  The fact that your cousins are okay with it doesn't change that. 




 How else would you describe someone who is half-black and half-white?

Mixed race? 




  OP sustained an injury to his honor and his standing in his family.

Good thing OP isn't a Klingon. 




  mulatto

Do...do people still use that word? 




 You can sue the bus company yourself in small claims. 




 Cast iron pans have to be the most bizarre circlejerk on this site. 




 The first thing to remember is that you need permission from the government to erect something on government property.

If permission is granted, the government must let any other private group that wishes to erect a monument do so, so long as they are comparable.  For example, if a small cross is erected in a park, the local atheist society cannot put up a 20 foot tall billboard-they can put up something comparable to the small cross, like a small sign, etc. 




 No one has contested it because that would be stupid. Lawyers get paid for the work they do. There's no require you be an "expert" whatever that means in order to bill someone for something.  




 Social engineering isn't a real thing. Do you mean via fraud and/or lies? 




 Yes of course it is, so long as what he described actually happened.  




 I'm a municipal prosecutor and it makes things tough. Their only option often is to go to trial. There's not much else I can do for them sometimes.  




 What an idiot.  




 Why can't someone go in and then mail it to you? 




 No plea bargains for DUI allowed in NJ.  




 In NJ it actually changes the fines and penalties. Also the municipal prosecutor doesn't need to show her driving was unsafe, only that she appeared to be under the influence. The field sobriety test is a good indicator of that assuming it was done properly.  




 Plea bargaining for DUI is not permitted in NJ. You'll want an attorney to review the discovery and the information on the breathalyzer. Her potential penalties will depend on what she blew. She's looking at minimum a 3 month lines suspension and several hundred in fines.  




 For real? 




 Can they arrest her for not feeding a patient? I would hope so.  




 "Principle of legality" I have no idea what this means.

"Right to a fair trial" There is no specified right to a fair trial in the Constitution.  However, the Sixth Amendment guarantees a number of rights that, taken as a whole, ensures that trials are fair. 




 The question was not "how do I fight this ticket."  The question was is GPS evidence real or was that a scare tactic. That question was answered.  




 Lol okay. What helpful advice would you provide? 




 None of which makes citicop's response wrong, much less disgusting. He was absolutely correct. If there is GPS data it CAN be used against you.  




 What are you talking about? Cops do that all the time.  




 I got a lot of upvotes for that. 

Also downvoted.  




 Citicop's response was 100% on point. What was "disgusting" about that? 




 If you don't fill out proper paperwork the church can refuse to perform the ceremony.  




  does hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge with prejudice the said Releasee, of and from all manner of actions, causes of action, suits, debts, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, claims and demands whatsoever, which said Releasor ever had, now has, or which any personal representative, successor, heir or assign of said Releasor, hereafter can, shall or may have, against said Releasee, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of time to the date of this instrument with relation to claim certificate #

 




 So the shipping company has insurance. Their insurance settled with you. You have ale of no chance of a successful lawsuit after a defendant's insurance settles with you.  




 And who are you attempting to sue? 




 The locationbot works just fine and performs a needed service. 

Also this is not a democracy!! The mods rule with an iron fist! I'm starting an underground brotherhood to oppose them from the shadows...just call me Emmanuel Goldstein... 




 Wait who purchased the insurance that reimbursed you? 




 It says it takes into account the value you put down. Not that that value is set in stone.  If it's not reasonable they can discard it.  




 I get your point about the PR campaign, however the point is to make it untenable for him to drag it on and NOT settle. The goal is to never get in front of a judge.

Again, if he has insurance it is quite likely they will pay for an attorney to defend him. 

The insurance can also stand in the shoes of the insured whereby they are asserting his rights. The release on behalf of the company can be found to apply to their insured as well.  




 Immediately prior to filing the lawsuit, I intend on launching a very aggressive (although far from extortionate or libelous) PR/marketing campaign against him.

A judge would likely hate this and it would make you look terrible. Skip it. 

If he has insurance they pay for his attorney. If you've settled with his insurance you're likely reading the release wrong if you think you can still go after him.  




 Just because a website hasn't been shut down yet doesn't mean it's legal. 




 She can recover the actual amount of her damages. Punitive damages are highly unlikely. 




 You can subpoena the trooper or ask the court to dismiss the case. Your case is likely not as slam dunk as you think.  




 [...](http://makeameme.org/media/created/well-that-escalated-jmg8n6.jpg) 




 Boooooo 









 Has she been asking those attorneys for work? Her looks have nothing to do with it. Also your daughter is an adult and needs to be solving her own problems. Having her parents try to help her out isn't going to take her far. Offer her encouragement but otherwise she needs to work this out on her own.  




 What books would you recommend to the average person to just educate himself for general knowledge. Getting to know your rights, understating how the system works, and what i can do as a citizen to be savy and not a victim of a complex world i know nothing about.

The vast vast majority of people are not attorneys, have little to no legal knowledge, and yet still go through their entire lives happy and healthy. It's highly unlikely that you'd be a "victim" or anything, nor is it likely that a situation would arise where legal knowledge is immediately necessary. Just don't talk to the police if they suspect you of a crime and you'll be fine.  




 If they have your number already what's the concern about giving them a copy of your card? 




 No one here will help you abuse the legal process just so you can be a dick.  




  That makes it extraordinarily difficult to act when the rules of what a person can and cannot do are intentionally made fuzzy.

And yet somehow the vast majority of the population finds a way to get by. 




 I'll flip it around. It a simple waiver of all liability was so simple, why doesn't everyone use them all the time? Why are there any lawsuits?

Signing a waiver may show assumption of the risk. However, that does not absolve you from any and all lawsuits. You can't act in a negligent manner and expect not to get sued.  




 Because those waivers are usually not worth the paper they're written on. At most they can show that you understood risk is involved. You could still be sued for any negligence.  




 [It's not entrapment.  It's never entrapment.](http://thecriminallawyer.tumblr.com/post/19810672629/12-i-was-entrapped) 




 Hyperbole bro.  




 Do not talk to the detective without an attorney present. 




 What a dick. I think people who eschew emotions and only rely on *le reddit logic* piss me off the most.  




 They named a product after /u/zapopa's mom? 




 Do you work for a federal agency?

If yes, does your work with that agency involve you have substantial personal responsibility in any type of matter involving Home Depot? 




 When you go you should have the opportunity to speak with the prosecutor beforehand. Tell him what happened and he may cut you a break.  




 [person tested negative, no measles scare.](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/measles-exposure-kids-touch-museum/story?id=27964909) 




  "He gets paid whether you go to jail or not. He doesn't care."

So does every lawyer. How do you think that works? 
























