 The Rumpus is great as well-  




 Awesome! Definitely one of the best book blogs out there- I trust you guys more than many of the legacy newspaper reviews out there.  




 Why don't you create it and we'll see what comes of it. I would love to contribute.  




 I still remember reading #5 where you find out Marco's history. Genius books, awful television show.  









 Thanks! 




 Much appreciated 




 Thanks! 




 What is it in the human brain that tells us to compete with others with no material gain?  














 Whelp, consider me informed. I'm ridiculously impressed that you knew that.  









 I don't even care if Enders Game is awful- I've been waiting most of my life for that movie so ill be there on opening day. 




 You may want to begin with history books. Anything by Michael Beschless is amazing. Nowadays the best politics books are about individual issues. Authors go hand in hand, like Joseph Stiglitz and the economy. What are you interested in learning about? 




 Even receipts are plastered with exclamation points.  









 This American Life made me nostalgic about the NH I know. The current NH political scene is still vibrant, but much of it is completely fukt.  




 website problems are not my issue buddy 














 This is the best Twitter analytics system that I've used yet, and I've used a lot.  





























 Bright Lights, Big City 









 When men don't wear belts.  




 When will there be a Gattaca sequel? 




 Check out the Hyperion series by Dan Simmons. Keats included.  




 that doesn't charge hundreds of dollars for new ink cartridges. I have a Konica Minolta Magicolor 4750DN and to replace everything (toner, ink, imaging units) costs more than a thousand dollars every 6 months. This is for less than 5,000 pages printed. Any thoughts? 




 But his ideologies ARE kind of reflected... Ender was never supposed to exist. The Wiggins had him so that they could procreate as their religion said they were supposed to.  




 I'm the best man at a wedding this fall and have the whole bachelor party planned, but it's expensive and as I've never done this before I don't know what the protocol is. Anyone have any experience? 









 eggs and lots of toilet paper.  














 Favorite is relative to you. There is no wrong answer.  




 Ahhh what an evil bloke 




 You have my vote- but Atticus. Scout got all her good grace from him.  




 I found a list of the top 100 fictional characters of the last 100 years and I just don't know how they came up with them. Love to know your opinions.  



















 I'm reading we are anonymous by parmy Olson. Really well researched. 




 Dan Simmon's Hyperion. I dare you to read it and not enjoy. 




 Check out Dan Simmon's Hyperion or Orson Scott Card's Enders Game. Both have subsequent books and will hook you from the starts. 












































 Yes, I'm sorry. 




 I once wrote a 15,000 page story 3 separate times, in first, second, and third person respectively. Finally I realized that I liked it best in third person, but that I needed to rewrite it AGAIN. I think in the end, I kept about 100 words of the roughly 50,000 I initially wrote. 

The silver lining is that the story thrived from the endless editing, and is now a published piece of fiction.  









 Not to mention some of these folks aren't even alive.  









 I've been waiting to read this book for months. So it's worth it? 




 Ahhhhh 




 John Keats is a poet from 200 years back. He's an interesting guy, and Hyperion gets its namesake from one of his poems. This book takes a VERY interesting twist on him. 

Also, the book is chronological.  




 Ayn Rand is a wizard with a plot, but her writing is grueling. 

Ender's Shadow is brilliant, as well as the entire Hegemon series. I have a sneaking suspicion you'll be hearing a lot more about this book after November hits.  




 The first book is about a pilgrimage to an abandoned planet, and each of 7 chapters is told by a different pilgrim. Each subsequent book takes a different narrative approach, but all of the characters remain the same. On a side note, if you're at all a John Keats fan, this is a can't miss.  




 Bright Lights, Big City.  




 Hyperion by Dan Simmons.  




 Check out Hyperion by Dan Simmons. It's a 4 book series that runs through about 7 narrators, but each of them have a compelling story and they all come together flawlessly. One of the best (and most underrated) series around.  









 Isn't this why fan fiction exists? 




 I love this guy's swagger.  




 Never been but would love to share a meal with you.  




 Long live Chauncey. Mitch, have you ever eaten at his restaurant in Colorado? 




 Happy cake day! 




 I'm still rooting for the Celtics.  
























