 This is from the early 1980's : http://imgur.com/A3l9gso

Full video here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JAJrZ1PTlw 



















 Hello,

So far in my code i've set it up where I simply switch out my panels in my frame when I need to change what is shown on the screen. I've been looking at a few tutorials for making a 2D sidescrolling platformer game, but all of these tutorials start from scratch and i'm having trouble implementing them into my code. 

Could someone give me some advice as to what would be the best way to go about this that dosen't require me to rewrite my code ? 

http://www.mediafire.com/download/67iudjaxl5gfmmp/Game.zip those are my project files, if you need the actual images I can pm you them but i'd rather not make them public.

Thank you for any assistance! 



















 It seems like they made such an effort to make the gameplay fun, but completely ignored any type of level/team balancing. 




 I've been listening to Alan Watts, and one thing he emphasizes is the getting rid of concepts like the past and the future. Perhaps i'm still stuck on semantics but then when are memories ? My train of thought leads me to believe that they are always in the present, but it doesn't make sense semantically. 














 Hi, unfortunately one of the modes on  the Quick Fire TK keyboard does not include only WASD, infact you can't even disable the backlights at all. It's really distracting when they're on and annoying having to turn off numlock every 2 minutes to use the keys. Any ideas ? 




 A few questions, i've recently been listening to Alan Watts talking about meditation, namely Zazen.

 I'm wondering, do you keep your eyes open or closed ? I think I remember him saying that the monks would keep their eyes half open, as zazen's way is not to exclude any of the senses. 

When doing the crouching position, do you sit on your heels (it's a bit uncomfortable, maybe it's meant to be that way ? ) or do you turn them on their sides ? I don't have the round pillow, only a small cushion which I sit on. 

What do you concentrate on when meditating ? If someone could provide me a recourse or even better, explain it here, that would be awesome.

Thank's in advance. 



















 Has anyone here had any experience on living in a Zen temple for an extended period of time ? I've had a hard time finding any monastery/temples that advertise anything past 7 day seshin's.
Thanks! 



















 Hi, I managed to get the first one downloaded but whenever I get to about 500mb on the second/third zip files (of the large one) the download will stop, saying : unable to finish the download. Even if I try to download it manually and install it through NMM it still wont download all of it.

Any ideas ? 

Thanks in advance. 




 Cheers. 




 If it helps, i've fit a 6950 in there before. I'm using a CM 690 II and have a P67A-GD65 mobo. I'm currently looking at the DirectCU II model.

Thank you! 














 The sub plots are pretty silly, some of the characters are melodramatic and even the episodes can be a bit strange. But that's why I love it. It's such a good contrast for when they try to do the gut wrenching episodes such as when the doctor fell in love with Seven. It lifts some of the faux seriousness and in turn uses that to highlight the really excellent episodes and two parters. Thoughts ?  









 Looking to upgrade from my 6950 which i've been using for the past few years. I've already got an Accelero cooler on it (the card itself died) so either something that that would fit on or a card that comes with a built in aftermarket cooler. I've got a i5 25k@3.3ghz and 8gb RAM incase youre thinking something might bottleneck.

Thank you in advance!

EDIT : Sorry if this is in the wrong subreddit,not sure where else to put it. 




 Operating System: Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1

Mobo : MSI MS-7681

Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-2500K CPU @ 3.30GHz (4 CPUs), ~3.3GHz

Memory: 8192MB RAM

GPU : NVIDIA 9400GT

Speedtest : 33ms,1.4 mb/s dl, .65 ul.

I used to have a 6950 installed but that very randomly died, so i've had to switch to a 9400gt until I can get a better gpu. Ever since I have youtube videos, even when fully loaded, will randomly pause. I've tested this in both firefox and chrome. Any ideas ? 









 Anyone have any idea who won/lost what ? 









 Let's assume that you had 1 year to learn as many languages as you want, what would they be and why ? 




 Let's assume that you're learning them to hopefully put them to use in a job of some sort. 
























 Since the next show is Tuesday can you please upload them before then so that we all have a chance to catchup and watch the live stream ?

--EDIT--
I thought we'd have to watch the next one without the vods even being up. This is fine I guess as long as they're all up before the next one. 




 I always want to save my mana as ADC,mid or top. When can I use my mana to secure cs?  Is it always a better trade ? 














 Hi, regarding ability scores like someones chance to learn or fail a spell how do you work out if they succeed ? Say if it's 80% to fail a spell, do they fail if they roll a d100 and get less than 20% ? Or does the DM just decide arbitrarily ? Thanks! (I'm playing on 2e) 




 Hey,

So i've been watching a really awesome D D series called 'RollPlay' (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsFwQMjeWuo). I know that the DM is running on 2e. How hard would this be to get into with no experience of D D ?

 I'd probably be the DM for 2 or 3 other friends. Would it become pretty clear how they do it if I were to start out with 4e first ? I really like how it's more story/ 'theatre of the mind' (as described in the sidebar) rather than combat oriented (although the combat does seem a bit drab). Maybe it would be a better idea to go with 4e with a more freeformed gridless play like they did ? 

He describes in this post how he's changed the rules of the original 2e to sort of update it : http://www.reddit.com/r/itmejp/comments/196d2n/rollplay_wrap_up_for_week_2_campaign_info_plus_qa/c8lfeum

Cheers for any help or advice!

 




 ??? 









 Destiny is there any chance of you switching up your LoL/Sc2 for EU viewers like 3 days of the week (or even 1 or 2, just make sure we know them that we can tune in) ? I never get to watch any Sc2 because it's so late.  




 I really don't know much about US Politics but i was under the impression that it wasn't a religious country ? Did he just say that to appeal to the religious majority ?

 I remember seeing these quotes on the Newsroom, "As the government of the United States is not, in any sense founded on the Christian religion--" -John Adams (The Treaty of Tripoli)

"...that our civil rights rights have no dependence on our religious opinions.." - Thomas Jefferson

"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." - First Amendment

EDIT : Just realized that the title might be a bit unclear, by a 'religious country' I mean not that the majority of it's population might be religious (which may or may not be the case, idk) but that the country is and always will be a religious nation, founded 'under God'. 














 Iv'e got an ATI ScanFX (UK brand) 6950, and I put an aftermarket Accelero Xtreme cooler on top of it because it was just making way to much noise and heat. It's on 1100mV Voltage, 800MHz core clock, 1250MHz Memory clock. 

When watching a 1080p movie the fan bumps up to 80% speed, and the fan stays at 90deg. Even on some older games like Darksiders 1 it ends up ovearheating (although I can run bioshock infinite on low for hours on end). My question is, is the fan speed/heat normal ? It's still pretty loud when it's on full load. Maybe i'm expecting too much. Thanks!

Also looking for some help to upgrade this some time in the future, made a thread on /r/buildapc (http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/1bdzhe/upgrading_2_year_old_pc/) if any of you don't mind looking at that. 




 Hey, wondering what/when I should start upgrading my build ? I can only play bioshock infinite on low and i'd like to play that and other games like that on high in the future. My current build : 
Intel Core i5-25000k @ 3.3GHz (Never got around to overclocking it, how much would it affect gaming ?)

8GB(2x4GB) Corsair XMS3 DDR3 PC3-10

Coolermaster CM 690 II Advanced

1GB ScanFX HD 6950, PCI-E 2.0 (x16)

Accelero Xtreme 6950 Cooler

620W Seasonic S12II-620 Bronze

Gigabyte GA-P67A-UD3-B3, Intel P67

Coolermaster CM 690 II

Like I said I can run most games that came out in the past year on high/ultra, just want to futureproof for 2~ more years. Probably just looking for a better GPU, something like a 7979 or a 680 ? Cheers. 




 So what's the difference between OSL/GSL/GTSL/KeSPA PL/Proleague and WCS ? (Especially what's the difference between the korean ones ?). What's the difference between a season/yearly pass to GSL ? 

AFAIK GSL is just comprised of Groups A-H, and then they fight it off and then it's done, is that just one season then they repeat it 4 times orrr ?

 Should I buy a season or a yearly ticket if i want to watch it to the grand finals ? Thank you!

Edit : thanks everybody for the help 









 **N.B. None of the below means anything if this is just temporary and will stay temporary. The reason i'm making this thread is (as the title suggests) because I have a *lack* of information.**

 I think people will agree that his twitch chat is definitely one of the most entertaining things to be around or even participate in.

 Taking away the large majority of people's ability to chat is really off putting for me to be on his stream now. Now you can relate this to why he switches games, to get more money (At least afaik, maybe twitch admins are the real nazis?) but at least that doesn't hinder the actual 'experience' of being on destiny's channel (please stop me if this gets too meta edgy for you). It's so much more entertaining when he pulls of a crazy 1v3 and the whole chat explodes, retards and all.

Edit : In anticipation of 'why don't you just join raidcall', I want to be able to open his twitch page and directly talk to him. There's also the problem of annoying as fuck adverts (I have both of stevens stream pages whitelisted on adblock). mini tldr: practicality.

Edit 2 : Has anyone noticed how fucking boring the twitch chat is now ?

Edit 3 : Nice idea by Janeway, " Subscriber Janeway_ta: I am all for raidcall chat being his go-to chat. I think that's totally cool, it allows him the control he needs and gives people a way to talk to him. But censuring Twitch chat seems to me to be counterproductive. Rather than trying to enforce an artificial level of decorum in Twitch chat, I think he should just go completely hands-off twitch." I like the idea of having two chats, one that might have more 'decorum' as previously described, possibly not hands off but maybe just the Dharma bott to stop actual spammers. 

tl;dr Chat integral part of lay destiny experience. Back pls. #naziamerica #basedtwitchat 









 Just saw this post on the euw forums, http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=1098231 seems like somebody that's going to just make account after account to troll deserves an ip ban?? 









 I know there's a reading list however the list of pretty short and they seem like quite heavy reading. I was looking also for something a bit more focused on the problem of evil ? Or maybe someone could suggest a good introduction ? Cheers.  




 It's just a tad confusing but from what I can see it really depends on your standpoint, for instance, if you take up that all scientific theories can be reduced to being logically primitive (you can't explain the scientific law behind the scientific law behind the scientific law etc etc, it all has to be un explainable somewhere down the line) then I assume this makes it theory ? And then the standard pragmatist atheist would believe it fact because of the evidence ? 
Thanks for any help. 




 Hey, just wondering in what school/sub-school my viewpoint would fit in. The belief that God (or a deity if you will) created the universe, but does not interact with it in any way. So all he was there for was to create the universe, either he dissapeared or he might as well have. I would side with the standard deistic ideals but i'm not sure I agree that observing the natural world is enough to prove the existence of God.

I could be misunderstanding things whereas the whole idea of God creating the natural world means that he existed ? Not quite sure on that part. Thanks! 




 Title, thanks! 




 Recently watched Day[9]'s funday monday on HotS units (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7GLSKThYYQ) and it looks really fun, anyone know of any giveaways or preorders I can do (i'm in the UK) to get one ? Thanks! 









 I wanted to ask if anybody here knows anything about getting a job in applied ethics ? The only thing I can think of is being on an ethics committee, if so what did you study to get it ? How hard are they to get ? Or even something that's as close to getting a job in philosophy as applied ethics. Thanks ! 














 Curious because of this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5OaDzGWhFk feature=youtu.be the guy obviously gets tackled and maybe injured, could he have defended himself with reasonable force without getting arrested ? Of course they have it on video.  









 Some games including Serious sam (the new one) darksiders 1, COD Black ops cause my PC to crash after about 10~ minutes of gameplay, first the video goes then the audio and I have to reset it to get my PC to work again. I'm on quite a good machine : 

AMD 6950 @ 1920x1080

i5 25k not overclocked

8gb ram

MSI-7681

DX11, latest graphics drivers (just checked) 

Good cooling system, idle temp is 42c, at first I thought it was just cooling but even some games like Civ 5 which cause my gpu to run at 100% I can play for hours with no trouble, while an older and less graphically intensive game like darksiders does. Any ideas ? Best thing I can come up with is that some engines cause my gpu to overheat/crash. Any help welcome!
Thanks! 




 Iv'e been getting a warning from chrome saying that the site contains malware, can anyone confirm they're getting this too ? 
Pic : http://imgur.com/sXmEc 









 If anybody knows of any pray tell, just read the last question and i'm not that into reading novels but this totally got me interested in short stories such as this one. Dosen't have to be sci-fi although I am a trekkie if you haven't guessed already. 














 LF 3xThe Bees, lvl50 class mods/weapons (Zer0/Commando/Siren), mostly willing to offer millions of $. Add me , motherf28  




 Been farming the bee for a few days with no luck. Message me on steam for a full list of legendary. Looking for The Bee shield. Don't be put off by the level of the legendarys they still do a ton of damage.

I also have a level 50 rocket launcher that does 76590x3 damage.

No time wasters please, message me here for my steam user. 









 Iv'e been listening to pretty much the same stuff for the past few months, so could anyone reccomend me something like these artists ? I listen mainly to RJD2,Ratatat,Kavinsky and Darren Korb (Bastion soundtrack) Thanks. 









 It was huge containing tons of social 'tricks and tips', was on the front of this subedit earlier today, if someone could link it id be mighty greatful. Thanks 









 Informative imgur album http://imgur.com/a/6gcM2  ,any questions ? Ask away! 



















 Hi, could someone please tell me how much this is worth ? Thank you. 



















 Since the ever increasing patches its become harder to find servers that load fast, before I could find some that loaded instantly. Anybody know any (dont have to based in Europe) servers that load fast ? Preferably with like 10-35 avg pop. Thanks! 



















 A few times it just kicks me back to the login screen, is this because of my internet ? has anyone else been getting this as well ? 




 I remember Kirk and Spoc finding someone and his daughter on a planet, turns out the daughter was a robot and the father was some sort of superhuman being van Gogh, alexander the great etc. I think it was near the end but any help would be appreciated. Thanks! 




 F1A5D-3C7A9-64944-328A0-EDB5E

F1E15-CA308-51F24-1B2AA-9BFEE

F14A3-CCBE7-AFFB4-F14BD-40E29

Make sure to post your keys after you get yours (if you get them from this subreddit) 





























 Just looking for a lone person or a group (idc) to play with, i'd be starting a new character, if you want to to that would probably make it more fun. Requires skype + english speaking + a sense of humor (need to not rage so much), message me in reddit for my skype name. 




 What this 'starcraf' is ? Some sort of game ? A band/singer of some kind ? A puzzle to rattle any fine gentlemans jimmys if I do say so myself, Watson. 




 I'm looking for someone to start a course that covers basic A level maths. I think that i'll be doing edexcel AS level maths, i'm sure it would benefit not only me but anybody else that's in the UK and knows just how hard it's going to be. Thanks! 














 Blurb~~~~
Hi, thanks for clicking on this and if you will, taking the time to read what I wrote. I'm completely knew to writing for 'fun' and would like some general feedback more on how I can tell the story more like a story. I realise I probably got a lot wrong ! I wasn't really happy with my character names  but they will do. Of course any critique is welcome, whether it's on the story, the descriptive parts or just how I write. Could you tell who was telling the story and did you expect the ending to be what it was ?
Thanks.~~~~



The Cat.



They say behind every great man theres a greater woman. Sure.

Its remains sat still on the warm, sticky tarmac, the stench of lifelessness emanating like burnt toast from a morning fresh kitchen. So much emotion, all in a smell.
 	
 	
They chose the poor thing for one reason  selfishness. Their desire for an emotional attachment to a soul that wouldnt judge them, that wouldnt give up if they forgot to do the washing up, or left the oven on. That is what makes them despicable, fate didnt neglect its need for food or its predatory instincts, I didnt put in a cage like some bacteria under a microscope. No. They did. And that is what makes them the most despicable creatures I created.				
      
 Their journey starts at the pet shop. A family of three, leading the way is the father, Tom. Short, about five foot nine, slick short, curled back black hair and the swagger to match it. The epitome of my perfection. Retreating behind him is the mother, Mary-Anne. For the purpose of this story no description is nessacary. All you need to know is that she was a coward and by far the worst example of a human being I could possibly give, envy and loathing were second nature to her cruel mind. Last is the son of the family, George. He plays the largest role, the protagonist of our short story. 10 Years old, brown hair like his mother and blue eyes like his father.
 	
Their family was, at best, lower middle class. Tom worked for the Ontario police force           Chief Detective Tom Hilde Roberts. Mary-Anne stayed at home, looking after the dishes, the carpets and the child. The child, yes, George was George  he was the innocent in this.
 	
So, back to the pet shop. As they walked in the squeals of creatures echoed, from the squeaks of mice to the moans of cats and dogs, innocently being pawned off. Lucky for them (and us) they were not aware of this. The Roberts had gone out looking for a cat, Tom was the leader in this little endeavour, and where he went Mary-Anne followed.
 	
George, of course, being the child that he was, was ecstatic! A wonderful, fluffy, cute new friend to play with. The three of them walked up to the cats and before Tom could finish his word George leapt out from the cover of his father and said that one! They agreed on this, and soon enough took the cat home along with the full set of amenities. 
 	
This cat was black, from head to paw, eyes like deep black Obsidian gemstones, always heavy on the human heart, always joyful. Persuading humans was second nature to her.
 You havent seen a cuter animal than this.
 	
 She would look up at you, as if she was inquiring as to the nature of her existence  George would look back, with his curiosity peaking he was in a very similar situation, just on a different scale. They were perfect for each other, thats why they had to be split up; or at least thats what Mary-Anne thought.
 	
You cant just have that cat as a friend, I wont let you. Im your mother and I wont allow such an unhealthy relationship to continue she used to say. Weeks passed, Mary-Anne when she was at home would look back at the cat in a completely different way. Instead of looking at the cat like George, filled with curiosity, she despised the thing. Mary-Anne saw the cat as something that was dismantling their precious family. Of course this family didnt exist. A simple creation of Mary-Annes imagination, of course she believed this, and thats all that mattered.
 	
The calendar read June 7th, everybody and everything was relatively normal for a Saturday, half the time Tom would have to spend his Saturday at the office, this was one of those days. George ,Mary Anne and the Cat where home. George was playing very innocently with the Cat, with a smile on his face and laughter coming from his room. His mother called him down to do his chores, first up was taking out a relatively small rubbish bin. George passed through the kitchen and his mother, who was at the time drying off the dishes, saw his smile. She turned her head in anguish and gave out a negative hmph,  turning her head back to the attention of the sink.
 	
George returned from the garden, twilight was beginning to set over the suburban city blocks, giving any sounds or locomotion a dim calm. This was about to be shattered. George returned into the kitchen. Mary-Anne watched him come in from the cold. She tried to make herself believe she cared for him. She didnt. Mary-Anne saw his neutral-ness turn into a smile. She turned her head to see George and Cat connecting in the happiness that they had. She shouted. Bellowed from the top of her lungs. Anger in its purest form was let out. GET OUT ! GET OUT OF MY SIGHT ! She pointed to the door as Georges smile turned into a frown.
	
George ran outside in the simple sadness that a child could have. He ran to the front door ,eyes filled with tears. The portal opened, he ran.. Heart beating like never before. George covered his eyes to wipe the tears off, to clear his vision. Too late.
 	
Its remains sat still on the warm, sticky tarmac, the stench of lifelessness emanating like burnt toast from a morning fresh kitchen. So much emotion in a smell.
	
So Tom sat, holding George on the  road of his sons final resting place. A heartbroken expression was conveyed to Mary-Anne, eyes and mouth big. She stood in the doorway,  washing up gloves and all. Minutes passed as Tom simply starred at her, as if to say you. As if to act surprised. 

Sure.


[EDIT: Had some trouble with the formatting, please note I do indent paragraphs without skipping a line] 









 Add me on skype - icy.100
My timezone is currently GMT+1 although will be reverting to GMT+0 in a few months. 




 Say someone was to write a story based along the Star Trek story arc, would they need special permission to sell it for money ?  









 All the info I have is that it's a bug, on the wall in Costa Rica - looks like nothing i've seen before.
Edit : Link http://imgur.com/DOtFY 









 I'm only level 51 now and I got this from a friend, should I keep it for 60 or AH it or wait and see if I need it at 60 (and then AH it) ?
http://imgur.com/YPoo2
Edit : I'm a witch doctor 




 Just spend an 1.5 hours getting to skele king on hell, no, not because I was undergeared or kept dying but because my brain didn't want to do its job, heres the route I took, starting with red then blue : http://i.imgur.com/XUJOd.jpg 




 For a lack of a better sub-reddit (to my knowledge, i'm sure there is one out there) i'm posting this here - my thoughts are something like this : If the majority of people that get offended by racial slurs ( Chinese, African Americans etc.) agreed to banish the official meaning, literally to ignore that it ever had any meaning then anybody that tried to use racial slurs in an offensive manner would be as useful as calling someone a table.

I've never actually had any formal philosophy education so my thoughts are sort of everywhere (and iv'e read on this sub-reddit that philosophy helps you to organize thoughts and concepts) so if anybody could help me out just to develop this, or drive it into the ground if it's flawed (tbh there's probably a good chance it is) please feel free to. 
Thanks. 







































 If you ordered the pizza from a website like JustEat you can probably have the restaurant banned from whatever website that is. 




 Don't you need really good skills to play in a wormhole? Usually I see people saying you need T3's for them 




 Ah, the good ol' drake bait. 




 Sent! 




 Oops, wrong thread, ignore the pm.  




 I got linked here from /r/IAmA 




 You'll be asking yourself that question a lot with the majority of content on this site. 




 I can just imagine it now -

"The sounds from the flogging is leaking into the recording booths, any ideas?"

"Why not just flog them *to* the movement of every single limb? At least then we don't have to buy some more goddamn absorption panels." 




 Cool,cheers for the answer. 




 /r/inbread 




 What specific dish do you think is best to try if i've never been? 




 Never been to taco bell, what do you recommend I try if i ever visit? 




 What? I love how every genuine question in the subreddit is taken as an attack on their intellect, and people wonder why people stay away from the game's community. I really don't know how suspect mechanics work, not trying to argue with anyone... 




 How can the reps be neutral if you're repping someone that's suspect? Dosen't that make you suspect? 




  posting something automatically implies you created it

Sounds like the antithesis of reddit. 




 His character is 10 days old. 




 You should just take his plex and tell him you lost it on a risky investment. 




 Tell him to use that ISK to buy a 100mil sp character, at least then he can't complain about not having t2 mods. 




 Makes sense, thanks for the reply. 




 Yep, I don't mind it being said in non serious matches of course. 




 Heard this said on an official stream, what does this word even mean at that level of play? You're not going to see some of these professional players not actually trying to play, or just taking the games as if they were playing normal solo q, playing with their eyes half closed not giving a shit.

Not only that but it's insulting to the player to say that just because someone under performed it means they weren't trying hard enough.

Sorry if this is a bit harsh, but that word is mostly used by people who call people better than them tryhards and people worse than them noobs. It's a really stupid word, and has no place at that level of play.

Thoughts?

Edit: People downvoting, please try to post in the comments instead of just mindlessly disagreeing without an actual argument. 




 What does 'tps' stand for? 




 My god, this and all the juicy celeb photos, things that TMZ will pay thousands for. 




 AFAIK They just nuked the whole facebook page, including the 'apology'. So buttery! Anyone got screenshots? 




 The UK has, in fact, been called out for being a 'nanny' state. We lock people up for offensive words/libel.

http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1986/64?view=plain

See part III, section 18. 




 Out of curiosity, what languages did you use to write the game in for Steam/Chrome webstore? 




 What. The. Fuck. 




 I get that now, the way he turns his head when laughing seems so unnatural. 




 Hey OP, please don't forgot to give us updates! 




 Just to clarify, does answering questions about a link you posted count? E.g., you post a guide on x champion, does posting 9 replies to comments/questions in that same post count? 




 Wow that quote, 2edgy4me. 




 This is coming from? Ask any pro that's played on both and you'll see the difference. Or even jump on the korea ladder and you'll probably be one league behind your NA  standing. 




 Don't forget the difference between Plat V KR and Plat V NA is huge. 




 Better check your tiger privilege, son. 




 Albeit off topic, that community is so fucking scary - they take that shit way too seriously. 




 Huge respect, but I can't help but laugh how awkward the reporter must be having to switch from person to person because they all start crying. 




 Even if it is fake, sometimes ignorance is better - why not just let people enjoy the video and think its real and take happiness away from that? 




 The pictures are pretty shit, can't actually see what they look like. 




 Best: One of the richest places in the world, in terms of culture, architecture, etc.

Worst: High cost of living. 




 Surprised no ones said reddit yet. It's perfect! 




 Launder it, split 25/75 with my co-conspirators then live an above average life in a country with above average living standards but a below average cost of living. 




 My reddit username. 




 http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/scorpion-takes-a-ride-on-the-tube-9317336.html I'm more looking for the species 









 It's only one character faster.  




 Yep. This subreddit takes itself way too fucking seriously, turning into something like /r/shitredditsays where the circlejerk quickly becomes the reality. 




 Boots has a wonderful Boots brand allergy medication: http://boots.scene7.com/is/image/Boots/10052606?wid=280 hei=343 op_sharpen=1 I think they also have a drowsy one so make sure you read the label.  




 Excuse me if I don't take the person who obviously has it out for LS and seems to have some weird obsession with how he looks. Seriously, quoting that guy is akin to just linking to Wikipedia as a source. 




 He's of a diamond play level (he even got scouted by Korean LoL team for top, but they closed the position before he could tryout) , apparently if you ask MonteCristo he'll attest to that. 




 I think he has a crush on LS OuO! (TBH who dosen't?) 




 You'd probably be better off posting this on his facebook page, I remember him saying he checks that and answers questions off there. 




 You'd probably be better off posting this on his facebook page, I remember him saying he checks that and answers questions off there. 




 Yes because cheating in SC really affects if he's going to scam you out of $45 and lose potentially dozens of future customers. All of my wat. 




 It seems a bit of a low blow just to try and discredit him over things he did then; and it really shouldn't have any impact on how you view his purely informative guides, it's not like he's trying to put across that he's the most perfect player and person in the universe. We've all made mistakes, as i'm sure you have. We try to learn from them and move on. How would you like it if in every post you made on reddit some guy was bringing up your past begrudgingly? 




 What did he say? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AS6bc_IbjU 

Reminds me of Twitch chat. 




 -0/10 




 Just your reminder that Bubba's "worst idea ever" got him into LCS: http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1fr1nj/guy_quits_job_to_become_best_support_ever_support/cad3m5l 




 I feel the need to tell you that you were wrong. Bubba is now in the LCS.

http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1fr1nj/guy_quits_job_to_become_best_support_ever_support/cadb5i1  




 You say that, but the multiplayer in Blacklist is honestly it's best feature, an well worth going through uplay. 




 That's probably because it's a lot easier to disagree with an idea than to hand over your cash. Also the experiment probably would have been better if they put up a sign "DONT HELP THE POOR" instead, rather than just trying to piss people off with inflammatory comments. 




 Thanks for the [laugh](http://i.imgur.com/nJTgg7p.gif). God help your shiny ships if you're being serious. 




 The only way to restore the true natural order of the narwhaling bacons. 




 My cat will do stupid shit like this if I don't play with her. Moral of the story - play with your cats people. 




 Sounds like an onion title. 




 Yeah, no, with the heat in there at some times of day it's pretty impossible to stay awake if you're sitting down. Also I hope you reported it those times you saw it happen. 




 That SSID/MAC idea is genius, too bad there isn't WiFi in all stations. Although what you could do is set it up so the users taps when he's at one of his stops, the app scans for nearby networks and works of those instead. Not sure if you'd be able to find any in some of the deeper underground stations, however. Maybe you could record the time between each stops after the first time setup, then if no SSID's are available, give or take 5 seconds of when they should be it wakes you up, sort of as a backup for a dodgy phone or network. 




 You're absolutely right. Who does UKIP think it is, making fun of WW2 like that? Bloody bastards. 




 That is against my Bushido code of honor. I didn't buy the $1200 samurai sword-trilby combo pack for nothing m8. 




 Mayhaps good sir, did I ruffle some feathers with one of the preceding statements? Perhaps you are a feminist like me? Pray tell my fellow redpiller. 




 As an atheist who dabbles in the hard sciences, I believe it my duty to do so. Only by challenging the established so called 'facts' of the monolithic, science detesting, oligarchical patriarchy will we reach enlightenment... [*trilby tip*](http://i.imgur.com/Ir905bR.gif).

Edit: This comment really took a nose dive, did I offend you guys by implying that trilbys are better than fedoras? 




 Maybe you haven't heard - Comic Sans is so 2000 and late, crayon brush is all the new rage in bad graphic design. 




 You don't go to a comedy show, hear a story about a restaurant then decide on that story if you think it's worth going to that restaurant, do you? Of course not. The comedian is there to make you laugh, and that often entails misrepresenting whatever he's talking about in one way or another. People that don't see that, then complain about how he's misrepresenting whatever game just aren't looking at it right. 




 You're right, it's shit if you look at it like a review. Too bad his videos aren't meant to be reviews. 




 Lucky bugger who got that probably lost it moving it through null. 




 He checks his reddit inbox AFAIK so you can just message him there. 




 I mean, you say that but you don't actually say how/what program to use. Much helpful, many kind. 




 /r/respectporn ? 




 Yeah, fuck men with earrings. Who are they to say how they get to dress? Plebs. 




 So brave. 




 Wait so all the API's not from BRAVE are BRAVES spies ? 




 In all seriousness a Bar-at-law sounds like a bar in a courtroom you could get a Mojito from in between rulings. 




 http://imgur.com/qV4lYfv,wLmKDdA,BegnmIF#0

Enjoy! 




 Hey,

I asked a few hours ago about how I would go about modding one of my Eclipse Phase campaigns. I got a ton of really awesome answers. 

I made these wallpapers primarily for me and the people I play, but since you guys are really cool I thought it only fair to share them here.

Please feel more than free to use/share them : 

http://imgur.com/qV4lYfv,wLmKDdA,BegnmIF#0 




 Hey,

I'm looking to run an Eclipse Phase scenario with some of my mates (two) and the only problem is the majority of the scenarios come with a 'required' amount of four players. I however see people/books saying that it is possible to run a scenario with less players, but no where have I read how I would alter the scenario for less players.

Let's say there's four enemys they have to face, do I just halve that down to two enemys? Or would I halve some of their stats instead?  Of course it isn't always as simple as this, so i'd be interested and appreciate any help people could give.

The scenario i'm interested in is Glory, if that helps.

Cheers. 



















 I've heard people use subcap, cap, supercap, carrier, dreadnaught and titan. I'm just really confused as to what the usage of the 'cap' ones are. Afaik the 'cap' ones are used independent of of the other ones? What ships do they apply to?  Cheers

Edit: thanks to everybody that helped, upvotes to all! 




 Hi,
Does anyone have a link to a list of support skills that you should prioritize on making a new character? I've seen plenty of lists but they usually just list all of them instead of which are most important. 

Also if anyone knows what support skills are good to train if you don't know what EWAR race you'll be flying but want to generally go ewar? 

Cheers for any help. 














 The goal of zen is to trick the ego, i.e. to trick it into making the illusion go deeper and deeper, until eventually you are able to look back at the game you've played and realise the futility. Only then you can live half as the ego, and half as the God head, as a true genuine fake. Playing the game of life, just as you always did, in the same way as you always will.

Maybe Enso represent the full circle that the ego takes on its journey to be extinguished ?

I think people take the rituals too seriously, but maybe that's the point.

Just some thoughts, take them as you will. 









 I find myself walking into the enemies because I missclick the minimap way too much. 




 Here's some examples of what i've done in the past : 
http://i.imgur.com/iYTTEzt.png

http://imgur.com/NPK0GPd,1FmEyFX,GwDVcRh#2 

There all fairly simply in terms of actual design so i'd prefer it if you just gave me a quote and an image for me to superimpose them, or just something to do with text.

If I do end up making something for you I don't really mind how much doge you give me, just not a stupid amount.

Will check back later on today and get on any requests!
 



















 Hi all, here's my character sheet : http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/character/twilights-hammer/Enigmi/advanced and i'm looking for some help on where to go next. I'd like to continue tanking, so can I do heroics now or do I have to get better gear before I start them? Where would I get this gear ? Also, I have about 314 Ghost Iron Ore and I was wondering If i should keep them and prospect them when my jewelcrafting gets high enough or turn them into bars and AH them or get a blacksmith to make me gear with then? Any ideas? Thank you for any help!. 









 I'm currently dungeoning as a retri pala, but i'd like to switch to something for faster queues, are there more healers or tanks in the world? 




 http://imgur.com/KDpSB9F,yLhLUuy,I30AyQC,Warz9vY,ccbkNL3,Y1ZbwcA,3qJjmns,2OtDie3,nDLzVFm#0

The first inscription (red) reads : 

CH PILL VUYT   CU

PARIS

EXP 1900 GRAND PRIX

The only thing I can read on the blue inscription is 
 
[?]EKUN

The gold pattern on the front of the plate is ingrained. 


































 Jacque Rancir sees art as a democratic modality and a principle means of generating what in the blandly consensual times in which we live?
 




 I'm genuinely curious, it would be my #2 or 3. It certainly has it's moments, and Picard is played almost to perfection, but dosen't it seem a bit dull compared to something like DS9 or ENT S4 ? It seems to have all the good elements of what a Star Trek series should be, but the only element that stands out to me as being the hallmark of TNG is it's affinity for a philosophical undertone, which all of the Star Trek series have. Could it be that's the one that most people on the internet grew up with ? Thoughts ? 









 Heya, iv'e been playing for two days now and iv'e been trying to get into the mage control class. Now I always try and wait for the opponent to make their move, so that I can get the card advantage and what not; but most of the time they also wait for my move and so it becomes almost a stale mate. This stays until I play a card and they end up assassinating it or whatever, and they always end up getting more cards on the board. Anyone have any tips that would help someone like me ? Just basic stuff; iv'e watched kripp/ls's videos so far.

Also, can anyone lead me to any resources for building a strong mage control deck ? I don't have any Legendaries yet but iv'e unlocked all the mage basic cards. 




 http://whois.domaintools.com/hitbox.tv [1]

http://own3d.tv.ipaddress.com/ [2]

He also has Oleg in his G+ Circle : 
https://plus.google.com/105814245529036999531/posts [3]

In case you've never heard of own3d : 

http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/16rxev/own3dtv_a_beginners_guide_to_being_an_asshole/

EDIT: Please proceed to  this thread : http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1qv28i/psa_hitboxtv_is_essentially_own3dtv_the_current/ 














 I found a really good website that helped me organize my thoughts, it was basically a note taking website that acted like a folder system:

You could add a list of bullet points, then click on one of the bullets and it would take you to almost another folder, where you can put more bullet points.

Any ideas? 









 Hey, I remember (i think it was on day9) where he asks one of his relatives why they smoke, and the relative then gives them a really polite and informed response. Anyone remember what episode this was from ? 




 Hi, I couldn't think where else to put this so apologies if it's in the wrong place -http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=uBxkphYQyEU#t=301 in this video theres a soundtrack going on in the background. Anyone have any idea what sub genre this fits into or where I can find artists like the one that made it ?

Cheers 





























 What software did you use to remove malware and the like? and then to keep it off the machine? I usually just go for malwarebytes/adwcleaner and an installation of nod32 




 And extremely edgy. 




 yIlaD-qa'! 




 This is why people are afraid to come to EvE as a new player. The community is absolutely horrendous, and because of it I don't blame them. 




 I seriously doubt these teens follow their culture or subculture, but you never know I guess. 




 I imagine it's like choking yourself, you'd pass out before you'd actually die. 




 people actually upvoting this... no wonder people in /r/realsocialengineering are calling this sub a shithole. 




 If you're joking, you should have put a /s tag... just in case you're not: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plate_smashing 




 When would you do this? 




 The scandi hotdogs are good. *Really* good. 




 Conan did a hilarious remote on them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-BkKCUBGwQ 




 "She took the wireless adapter.. i've got another one." Best line. This isn't cringey, its actually pretty funny. 




 you're either a really bad troll or really stupid 




 he did get paid, just 5 months late. and still no travel expenses either ($600) 




 someones salty, just because he cant cast dosent mean his life is 'worthless' rofl. what an asshole. 




 Just switch this one, with this one... Take these two out- disable the prolinear reactor aaand i've got you control of the bridge cap'n. 









 I'd be so fucking mad if they brought it back to the Abrams Universe. 




 I like how you take a hypothetical, turn it into the worst possible situation, and then apply that to 100% of cases. Impressive, really. 




 Someone's a bit defensive. I don't think the person you replied too was being too serious mate... 




 It's amazing how relatable this is. If you've ever made something, you'll see someone say it's shit, but know that you've just done something wrong, and that the concept is still strong. You'll know that next time you can do it again, but better. 




 Considering a modder came out with those files not even one month later, I doubt it. They didn't trust us enough to make the decision for ourselves, now we have to not trust them anymore. 




 They just didn't trust us. Now instead of us *possibly* being mad over them not finishing it, we have no choice but not to trust them anymore. It's a much higher price IMO. 




 Not only this, but ubisoft didn't trust us to make the decision for ourselves. Okay, so the new graphics are a tad glitchy. Why not include them anyway and let people turn them on/off if they wanted to? I doubt the community would have reacted as badly to them saying 'were not finished but we're still giving you the option' as they are to them just straight up lying to us. 




 I gave them a call, probably expedited [this process.](http://i.imgur.com/lDBZX3t.jpg) 




 Isn't that a.. double positive? So they actually can't? Damnit man they've outsmarted us again! 




 Welcome to the world of customer service. "Now repeat after me Johnny, the customer is *always* right." 




 There's plenty of people on Ebay with 98%+ positive feedback and they don't have to bully their customers. Pray tell  how they can do it and this person can't? 




 I called them and reported it.  




 Making ISK in eve isn't about what makes you the most 'isk/hour', it's about finding the most isk/fun/hour. 




 [obligatory picture](http://puu.sh/9xC73/376c5918f6.png) 




 Thank fuck. 




 Excellent. I really liked the description in the last paragraph. 




 [Amazing.](http://i.imgur.com/EZsNgly.gif) 




 Cheers 




 Yeah I noticed that too after posting it here. It dosen't seem like theres many up to date free recourses like this one. If anything the theory probably still holds, but the practical side of things probably dosen't (99% of the links are broken, but the software is still out there). 









 Travel here for the city, not for the convention. 




 Really? If you use something like Airbnb you can get some pretty good accommodation for 45~ pounds a night, and if you pick the right place, a good host who is kind, and will answer any questions. 

If you eat out every day then, yes, like any other country it will be expensive, although granted it's still not 'cheap' if your making your own meals.

Not sure what you mean by a nightmare traffic system? If you mean in terms of road congestion then you're going to find that in any large city you go to, not just London.

With the mass transit you just need to use the replacement bus' services on weekends, otherwise AFAIK they're usually pretty good about keeping everything open in the week days. It's not like you won't be able to get somewhere just because they've blocked off a few tube stations.

The people are welcoming when you get to know them. The stranger culture, on the other hand, is different than most American states, you won't find strangers being quite as cuddly towards each other. For the most part however, 99% of strangers i've encountered are kind and helpful. Just like any other large city.

In terms of things 'to do', as well, there's pretty much an endless list of museums, places to visit, clubs to go to, beautiful architecture, etc etc etc.
 




 Obligatory 404 not found joke. 




 Currently using the ten keyless CM Storm Quickfire keyboard, am extremely happy with it. One thing I don't like though is how unless you have numock on, the arrow keys are always lit up. I'd like to have an option to just turn off all backlights. 




 I'm sure there's plenty of people that would watch this, and not just die hard fans of the series either. I for one am interested in being a DM and Koibu's style of DM'ing with the adaptation of 2e is really attractive to me. Thoughts? 




 Trust me when I say this, 90% of things said on this and the eve forums is speculation. Someone told someone something that CCP actually ghost patched two patches ago, and they still think is the truth. You're better off testing most things rather than asking them on these forums.

Citation: myself. 




 I don't have a link for you, just what i've been told. 




 Yes, warm them... warm them till they burn! 




 Qapla'! 




 They were testing it to see what the numbers were like. 




 If you jump through a gate and there's an EXCESSIVE ammount of cans/drones/ all around 12km~ off the gate then that's an exploit. They're actively trying to disable the cloaking mechanism for all people jumping through. Petition the GM's and they'll give you your ship back and warm the exploiters, and get rid of the items. 




 I'm curious, how long did it take you to get comfortable with malware analysis? Do you have a degree related to computer science? Cheers. 




 Tweeter them this link. There's no point of a boycott if they don't know it's happening, or why for that matter.

Here's a copy paste tweet for the lazy:

@PNY_Tech @kingstontech http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/284k11/kingston_and_pny_have_been_caught_in_a_bait_and/ 




 The title and it's bias fits this subreddits circlejerk perfectly. 




 Really nice overview I found, if anyone has anything like this which isn't too long but provides a nice bit of information i'd be glad if you could post it here.  









 Just wanted to point out your description of airstone, made me laugh because it reads like one of those infomercials (/r/hailcorporate?).

We used airstone for the patio.  It's great because it is 75% less weight than real stone, so you don't need to build any footers, yet it still looks and feels like real stone.  It's cheaper than real stone, you can only get it at Lowe's.  It's best to cut it with a hack saw, but you could also use a band saw if needed.  No need for any mortar or mess, you simply apply it with any outdoor construction adhesive (we used locktite) and you're good to go!
 




 [mirror here](http://www.ikea.com/gb/en/images/products/grundtal-mirror__26202_PE093307_S4.JPG) 




 Good thing we didn't ask for your opinion. 




 Three points:

1.This post reeks of insecurity. No one that's remotely successful in real life feels the need to defend themselves in a 1500 word essay to a bunch of internet strangers, unless of course they're, in some way, invested in that community. Why take the time?

I really have no interest in this game or community anymore

Seriously? See my above point.


 2.You still haven't apologized for when you did flame him. No 'sorry', no 'I guess I did something bad'. In fact, you completely avoid the matter of reconciliation and just say that the fact that you've stopped is enough. Seriously, WTF? Anyone with basic reasoning skills can see the absurdity of this.

3.The fact that you just deleted the comment you got called out on (http://i.imgur.com/rnYE344.png) means we can't trust your comment history, or your claims of not flaming him in 6 months.You even reply to that comment not with a humble or an apologetic tone, but with the words "Haha I forgot about that". Seriously? Is this how a person who works "full time in a STEM field" acts? Although TBH doing tech support is working in a STEM field too, I guess. 




 awesome, thank you for all your input. 




 Thanks for the detailed answer, it's interesting hearing your perspective on it. On the thing about C/C++ i've made some pretty long programs in Java, will that come in useful? I assume people have made malware embedded in java programs before? Also, should I just randomly choose whether to go with C or C++ or perhaps go for C++ because thats closest to what I know? 

Another question, what do you mean by 'learn the PE'? Do you mean just getting an overview of it through somewhere like this website: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/cc301805.aspx or is there a book that you could recommend? Cheers again. 




 So I should learn Assembly - Python - C - C++? Cheers for the info about the calling codes, will read up on that. 




 Cheers for the detailed reply. I'll definately look into that python book. What's your take on C/C++ in terms of priority to learn for analysis? I've heard that Java and C++ are quite similar so the leap wouldn't be that hard for me. 




 I already know a bit of java, from what i've heard it's useful to know C/C++ (both?), Assembly, and Python(?), which one should I learn first? 

For books, i've read on this subreddit that Malware Analyst's Cookbook and Practical Malware Analysis are the best? Any other books you'd recommend? I have a basic background in CS, nothing graduate level however. 

Would you recommend I read up on other, broader, fields before Malware Analysis, perhaps something like forensic analysis for windows?

Cheers.
 




 There are still plenty of bad extensions in the chrome webstore, many of which i've reported and have not been taken down. 




 Kill mails? 




 He just said it on Unfiltered. ChanmanV's vods will be up soon. 




 For those wondering what happened with the Sapinda article -  http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/22pe3w/a_look_at_the_major_players_behind_the_sapinda/ Richard Lewis received a libel lawsuit for that article and thus decided to take it down. 




 Any tips for flying ECM? 




 Title. I'm also interested in pentesting, both digital and physical so any recommendations there would be great (already saw this awesome post: http://www.reddit.com/r/realsocialengineering/comments/1z3qzn/looking_for_information_getting_started_in_the/)

Edit: forgot to search before, apologies for the repost. 




 Tutorial will not restart. If you want to go through them again, however, you could just make a new character for the sake of it.

Edit: To expand on the corp thing, someone like Brave Newbies or E-Uni is good for new players. E-Uni especially because one of their 'selling points' is holding classes for free. 




 My god you perfectly captured the ambient sound. My sides. 




 This is the most well put and logical sentence i've ever seen on reddit. are you a Vulcan? 




 If your electronic device shorts out do not turn it on. Turning it on will only make it short out again and thus further damage the electronics. 




 I wish youtube would have something like twitch.tv where if you want to support a specific person you just unblock their domain, e.g. twitch.tv/taketv.*

I'd be more than willing to turn off adblock for the people that I want to support on youtube. Unfortunately Google seems to be the ones behind the times this time. 




 That private chat about sandwiches sure looks Opsec, hhhehhehe. ontopic: that happens sometimes. its annoying. 




 dear god my sides, someone give this man gold. 




 I'd like in on this too, please. Any against the notion of polygamy? 




 Did you get to hug a sloth? Were they soft and cuddly?  




 You're not meant to get it. 




 People downvoting you just because they don't get the reference, lol, how salty of them. 




 OMG /r/ladybonersgonecuddly now!!! 




 they were just ratting? im pretty new to this game so i wouldnt know that just by the kb, i was just genuinely interested in what the term carebear was used for 




 uwotm8? my question was about the term carebear because i thought that was just for highsec gankers. ive seen plenty of other people too ask simply questions and get negative scores for some odd reason. 




 lol. love how this subreddit downvotes legitimate questions, its pretty mindboggling 




 i'm confused, who in eve is a carebear? 




 I'm surprised I didn't notice it earlier.  




 [I know what im doing to make my isk tonight.](http://i.imgur.com/dzDsW.jpg) 




 [This is the only thing I could think of while reading your post.](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-n9-5hkWRXps/U0Epu8vIIqI/AAAAAAAAQIg/RzUGmQ6SEoo/s320/fingerless-gloves-fedora.png) 




 Johan Liebert, anyone? 




 This should be possible, but only with every titan in EvE doing it within a 10 minute window. 




 I'm re watching the second half of ENT (can't stop loving that xindi story arc) and i've noticed that when one of the crew wakes up from being unconscious, they'll often say something like "It feels like a shuttlecraft just hit my head" or "it feels like I just ran into a brick wall". Anyone else notice this or am I just crazy? 




 Before you go around calling someone shit at something you better be less shit than they are.  




 Cheers 




 That's a very beautiful picture. 




 so basically like every other eve corp but just with fun coms? 




 are you tishu? plz no slave set pullerino. 




 Kinky. 




 Especially if you can coordinate your EWAR with your DPS alpha, it can be amazing. 




 To get all the EWAR frigates to III and their EWAR skill counterparts to III required takes about 15 days. To IV takes about 42 days. This is not including required support skills like CPU Manag. IV.  This is also assuming you get base EWAR skills like Target Painting and Sensor Linking to IV to train Signal Suppression and Signature Focusing to III. Not exactly a few hours. 




 Hate to break it to you but what the other people in this thread said was true. Apart from there being discreet similarities the games are really nothing alike. I guess if you ran a guild the managment skills would be comparable but even then it's pushing it.

If you're completely new to the game: do the tutorials, do the sisters of eve quest line. Look at this website: http://swiftandbitter.com/eve/wtd/ and find out what you want to do. Join a corp for it. Get better at it, and above all have fun. 




 You won't find any other syndicate corp of that size accepting people one month old, that's for sure. 




 wait, accurate? as in god actually does this shit? what an asshole. 




 I usually get my cables within one week. Usually about 4 days later.  




 I thought you were talking about your ui being all blurred out.... 




 CHEERS 




 can i see your blackbird fit? 




 Assault frigates are good for solo pvp afaik 




 You...you mean drop bears are real!??! 




 We even have our own water boarding center right in the depths of the MI5 building! Just insult the queen to g 




 There's a biiig difference between trying to be a good troll and trying to get negative karma. One requires subtlety, and the people you're talking to not really sure if they're being trolled. The other requires stating one of the dozens of opinions that the hivemind will downvote, and it's a lot easier than the former. 




  They told me they had been watching me the entire time

are you sure they were the *real* police and not the panty police? 




 I'm laughing my ass off trying to imagine someone chuckling slyly while smuggling this fish into the bathroom. 




 Was it 11 minutes long? Was it aimed to shock the viewer, possibly lowering the viewers enjoyment of the website because of it? Since you didn't counter with that i'll assume not. 




 Dosen't matter how true you think it is. It just has no place being that long or being placed on a website completely unrelated to the subject content, or being 11 minutes long, or having a shock advertisement when people just want to relax and watch video games.

Please don't try and hijack the thread to talk about your personal opinions on education. This isn't /r/education or /r/vegan. 




 Pretty much, that was nothing but a legitimate question and yet you get downvoted for it. What a bad way to represent a community. 




 Lol at the people downvoting you. I was actually wondering the same thing as your question, people are really salty and take this game way too seriously in this subreddit. You only downvote someone if they don't add anything to the conversation, not if you think they're a filthy casual. 




 I see, thanks. 




 Can someone that knows what they're talking about ELI5 the conclusions of this document? 




 Cat. 




 Not just newbie friendly, stupid friendly!  




 [Oh god, the onions.](http://i.imgur.com/5tRFgj1.gif) 




 That's decades of training behind a knife at work. Really impressive! 
























