 I was expecting a bag of roasted chile to bring some fragrance on the plane.  I am disappointed in my hopes.   




 Hell yeah!  What kind of parties have a smoker as a prize?  I mean, that's pretty awesome. 




 I'm trained as well.  I've never been taught that in any of the fine dining or scholastic settings I've been in.


It's not about getting burnt.  It's about spilling a pudding that is not completely set.  Or dropping the dish.  I personally would fire someone who did that after being asked not to.  Simply because I sell all of mine and only make 8 a day.  Or in the shop that did 300 covers nightly, I would make 20 and sell every one.  If I dropped one, I would have been in a world of shit.  It will get 86'd every night, but not by an employee's fuck up.


I know why someone would say to pick up and roll the dish.  It moves the sugar.  However, if you use the proper technique in dusting, you will never have to move the sugar yourself after you sprinkle it.  It it needs to be moved, you use the forced air of your torch.


Part of what defines a creme brulee is "burnt."  Nothing wrong with a little black.  Those are words that have been spoken by people who are much better cooks than me.  I'll stick to my roots.  There is a fine line when it comes to excellent and ruined.  Don't be afraid that what you think is good isn't up to others standards.  Others standards are just theirs.  If you are making it for yourself, make it how you like it.  That is the beauty of food - you can control it completely if you do it yourself.


As far as getting the sugar right, there is no other way of doing it rather than practice.  However, doing the whole process is a pain in the ass and not cost effective.  So do it over gelatin water.  Bloom gelatin and let it set up in your ramekins.  It will take 5 minutes of inactive prep and cost a few pennies per dish.


Now your torch.  You need to know your torch.  The reason people get burnt sugar compared to caramelized is because they use too much sugar and they try to melt it to quickly by placing the flame to close to it and burn the top layer.  To get around that, place your ramekin on the table.  With a 3 finger pinch, lightly sprinkle sugar over the top in a fine, 1 or 2 grain layer.  Shake the dish a little to move the excess around which isn't stuck to the surface, then tip on its side to tap off all the excess sugar.  Removing the excess is the most important part.  Note that your layer of sugar will not be 100% at this point.


Now lightly melt the sugar with your torch.  While the sugar is still hot, repeat the dusting process again and let sit one minute until cool.  Lightly melt again and repeat dusting.  This third and final dusting is where you're going to want to get the caramel.  Now this is where the practice of the torch comes in handy.  And I can't tell you how to do it without actually using your torch.  You just have to play with it.  But it's really fucking simple.  And even easier to fuck up.  Done right though, it's magic.


Alright.  Now it's time to make a Cubano.  Also.  I didn't ask, someone else did ;) 




 Hold up here.  Never hold it in your hand. I'll BRB, but while what the posted above said will work, you run risk. 




 A smoker to subscribe to?  Or a sub?   If you mean sub, i'd say r/BBQ and R/smoking. 




 Well.  Don't be a dick.  If you don't act like a dick and say dick things, you won't get treated like a dick.  Nor will you get told to go fuck yourself.  I tried investing in a slicer by offering you to purchase one for me.  And then you insult me.  You sir, are a dick and can go fuck yourself if that is how you are going to behave 




 You know, considering that I care fuck all about plating, I'm almost concerned with it.  And considering that you can not either create or contribute content, only critique it, I almost care what your input is.  

But here is what it comes down to.  I make better product than you can probably afford to purchase.  So why don't you either A) go fuck yourself or B) go fuck yourself.  I suggest you take option number two. 




 My good knives were at the shop and the little home slicer I own is BS.  How about you invest in me and ship me a 12" deli slicer? 




 Yeah, that's what I was just reading on Wiki.  Staple Toronto sandwich eh?  I might just have to fly out there and have one! 




 OH!  What is this peameal bacon you speak of?  That is a new term to me, so now I'm going to have to learn how to properly make it.  May the gods continue to bless the internets so that we learn of new forms of bacon daily. 




 If you want them to succeed, you will have to help them if this is their game plan.  And more than likely, they will need a lot more help from the community than that if it is going to succeed.  Like a landlord that is willing to front up space for 6 months to get ducks in a row.

But in all honesty, good luck.  This is a recipe for failure and would probably ruin their marriage if this is a plan to stick with.  If this is really last ditch, I would suggest they need to dig a different hole to get out of.  Sorry.  But by the sounds of it, this plan will do more harm than good. 




 From what I have been told, that would be back bacon. 




 Ya know, I don't know the history of the different cuts so much, outside of Italian.  Now I'm intrigued.  I've read a lot and have a decent library, but I guess I need to hit the books just as much as I hit the salt.

To me, while I know that pancetta is technically an older style of bacon than American, I still wouldn't call it bacon.  It's pancetta for fucks sake, not bacon.  It's all in the nuances of language.  That is why when people ask me stuff is anymore I just tell them to shut up and shove it in their mouth :) 




 And all my friends keep asking me why I don't start a catering company... 




 Pineapple slaw.  I think this might be the winner idea out of all.  How did you make yours?  

It needs to be charred, no question about that IMO.  Cabbage doesn't seem right.  Mangos or apples would make it to fruity.  Cilantro and pea shoots?  Hrm...  I live in the desert and don't work with pineapple much.  I love it, but it's usually a second thought and in this instance, it would be awesome to have it as a primary ingredient.   




 They love me in there.  However, I have been asked to not post ingredient questions, only full on sandwiches.  Here is a gallery of snacks if you'd like to make yourself hungry...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 http://i.imgur.com/CXR1Bl1.jpg

60 hours in the brine, 6 hours in cold smoke, 3 hours roasted at 200.  I need to make some pizza dough. 









 http://i.imgur.com/CXR1Bl1.jpg

60 hours in brine, 6 hour cold smoke, and roasted at 200 for three hours. 




 Monday nights at Big Adventure Comics is "The Game Thing."  On open to the community board gaming night.  There are hundereds of games in the collection and dozens of people show up every week.  I think biggest turn out has been around 50 people!  There are people that show up who play chess.

Also.  Talk to folks at Stagg Tobacconist.  They are in the moving process to their new location on Cerrillos, but they are the only place I know of in the area that sells Chess clocks and high end boards.  They would probably know of others in the area too. 




 I do love to share with my neighbors.  In fact, the only reason I cook is to feed other folks.  If you're ever in NM or planning a trip out here, hit me up.  I'll gladly make you a sandwich.   




 Am planning on it and will do.  This chunk of bacon is week 7 of my "make a different kind of bacon every week for a year" challenge.  So you can expect to see many more pics of tasty from me.   




 Horseradish.  I've been thinking wasabi or some such nonsense, but I know where I can get farm fresh horseradish right now.  Good call.  And the red onion would pair nice with a lime dressing and pickled ginger.  Yeah...  I can see something delicious coming together... 




 Good point.  




 I'm thinking either a lemongrass or sesame slaw of sorts.  Maybe some charred bok choy?  A straight up Bhan Mi would be good, but I make those already.  Anyone have any suggestions? 









 http://i.imgur.com/ANsz2tQ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/s2VQu9N.jpg

Salt, garlic, black pepper, Hatch Green Chile, pink salt.  48 hours in the cure and into the smoker it goes... 


































































































































































































 cheers! 














 Title says it all.  I'm an accomplished cook and yet for the life of me I can't come up with a good bean patty burger recipe.  Or find one online.  The only stuff I can find that turns out the way that we like is a falafel type pattie.  Not that that is bad, but I want something to grill that won't fall apart and not be falafel.  Any help would be greatly appreciated! 

































































































































































































































































































 Wait a minute.  You didn't just quit on the spot after being told that? 




 I think some of the "chefs" in my town just grabbed their notebook... 




 Really?  Does that upset you?  I don't understand how it could, cause it seems that you sound like a cunt all the time.  Are you afraid of people stealing your shtick?  Do you have a patent on "sounding like a cunt?"  Do I owe you money for infringing on your specialty? 




 Does  this surprise you?  The old SF sheriff was caught selling stolen police goods and the current(?) sheriff of Rio Arriba is in a world of shit too.  Almost everything around here is corrupt and/or abused and it is a simple understanding that Manual Juan's nephew gets to walk and Uncle Bob's wife gets the contract.  Or if you're friends with the ABQ PD, you get to walk away from a DWI.

The Native New Mexicans around here need to pull their heads out of their asses.  They keep bitching about not progressing fast enough, yet they continue to operate in fashions that drive them back.  I really wish the people here would wake the fuck up. 




 A quiet atmosphere was mentioned, which is why I didn't say the frontier... 




 A quiet atmosphere?  Look around the campus area would be my suggestion.   But I got nothing off top of my head.  Sorry.  I could tell you a couple of bars that would fit you just fine probably, but being under age, that's a no go :( 




 If you say no bars, you are asking for a lot in this area.  Maybe check out flying star?  They stay open lateish.  11pm?  Blackbird is somewhat of a coffee shop that has beer and wine.  But it is a bar style atmosphere... 




 pork.  the other white meat. 




 I was there before she got nominated for Beard and left around that time too.  I don't necessarily miss her or her menu, but the room was nice and the neighborhood is awesome.  I'd forgotten about that woman until seeing this post.  One would assume that she has several shops in the Greater Pugetopolis area now? 




 I miss working at Tilth... 




 That is a lot of work and a waste of oil when you can get the same results with a steel scrubber and water. 




 Hatch Green Chile smoked bacon

Arugula and parm tossed with bacon drippings

Fried Green Tomato

Stone Ground

Garlic Butter pressed focaccia

Shishito peppers in brown butter 









 Hatch Green Chile smoked bacon

Arugula and parm tossed with bacon drippings

Fried Green Tomato

Stone Ground 

Garlic Butter pressed focaccia

Shishito peppers in brown butter  














 Relationships have been lost over less.  I don't care if you ate all the bacon.  Just don't lie about it. 




 Fire 'em all.  Or maybe get some training yourself to deal with such things.  Not to be snarky, but conflict resolution training is something that should be mandatory for all management personal in every business.

In all reality, if you can't trust them to clean and prep, how do you trust them with "your" customers? 




 You'd love my GF vegan sweet potato gnocc... 




 Move to ABQ.   




 Sure, you can ask for support.  But without detailing what kind of support wanted or needed, many won't be able to... 




 What restaurants should I be eating at?  I'm a food guy (many mistake me for some kind of high end fancy chef with the food I make), have been inside 90% of the kitchens in the area, and laughed my way out the back door of most of them due to shitty food.  I've also been asked multiple times to help run some of the BS "fancy" places in town and will continue to tell people no to such things.

So maybe i'm missing something.  Maybe some joint opened up since I've moved here that I've not eaten at.  But I doubt it.  Because i've (seriously) eaten at 99% of all the food serving places in SF.  And because of it, I make such statements as NM foodnis bland and boring.  Which was pointed out that I should refrase that to be "the NM food you can buy and have served to you is usually a waste of money since it is uninspired, unseasoned, and basically terrible." 




 And if you want and are in US, I'd be happy to take a call with you.  What is your location and menu? 




 Man, if you can get a % of profits, go for that.  What you're asking isn't unreasonable. 

Do you have any numbers to back up the pay you're asking?  Do you know how to cut food cost by at least 5%?  




 Superglue is nice, but it doesn't kill the throbbing.  Get a jar of liquid bandage and stash it at work.  $5 investment that seals cuts and is a topical pain killer as well... 




 Fair. 




 Go if you like.  You will be disappointed.  From the service to the room to food, it's lacking.  They are trying to hard in there and it shows.  I give Ziggy props for keep making a go of it, but he should seriously stop.  Or give up the reigns to someone who can at least make good food. 




 Crowded.  No garnish.  Your ratios are wrong - bread/crackers, cheese, meat.  You need sweet and acid to balance the salt and cream.  Where is the beverage? 

I'm not going to burn you on not making components.  However, the next plate that you post a picture of should be comprised of nothing but home made goods.  Aside from hard cheeses and long term cured meats.  Seriously.  There are tools and resources around to do it all, you just have to buy ingredients.  Many of which you might have on hand if you cook at all.

Examples of what you can make with little effort.

Pickles - (green beans, cukes, onions, radish, etc)

House oil cured olives.

Duck proscuitto

Raw cooked stuffed mushroom caps.

Pancetta

Cece or tapenade type spreads.  

Confit tomato.

Candied nuts.

Guanciale

Dates/figs stuff with cheese

Many, many more... 




 The Coyote in it's heyday was 20 + years ago.  And you just stated a great example in the argument of why Santa Fe is a joke when it comes to food.  There are several prime shops here and another dozen good ones.  But for the most part, the food here is terrible and has been that way since Miller sold the Coyote.  That sale was the end of an era that people here continue to fantasize about and jerk off to.

NM food isn't bland and boring when I make it either, because I know how to season and understand method.  It's not complicated.  Yet many here don't get it and sadly they decide to open restaurants. 




 Everything you can.  You've started with a basic (stock) now move onto pasta, tortillas, and soft cheese.  Once you've got those down, move into doing bacon and other short term cured meats.  After you do that, you'll develop technique and pallete to do things like kim chi and saurkraut.   




 Call the companies.  Also, talk to your local liquour distro, they might have a lead or two as they usually deal with random specialty things.   




 Just charge them a flat rate per meal. 




 One of these days (I'm going to cut you into little pieces) by Pink Floyd.  Just don't blow your phones on the floor tom pounding... 




 Your lack of sandwich is disturbing, please let me change that for you. 




 I double the most expensive food item on their menu and charge that per hour.  Then work appropriately to the hourly wage.  I also won't work on a menu for someone else for less than 1k.  If the owner is to cheap to pay for real advice, they can figure it out themselves.

Also.  You can approach it from a % aspect too.  If you can do all the numbers yourself and they are willing to play ball.  If they are wanting/needing a menu flip that will increase their profits by say 15 or 25%, I would ask for a base flat fee plus x% of increased profits for Y amount of time.  But to do that, you have to work with some across the board.

Ultimalty, I say that if your giving people advice on how you would do it and you have eventual plans to open your own shop, make sure you get paid what you want.  Not what they want to pay... 




 8/9 a minute sure.  And it actually was in an hour and a half.  I forgot the happy hour had started at 5:30 when the bar opened, not when the restaurant opened at 6.  But it was all plated too ;)

That place was nuts.  $3 for a dozen raw oysters on the half with sauce.  From 5:30-7pm in the bar, monday through friday.  Something like 17 seats and no standing customers.  But we would blow through 45-60 dozen no problem on a busy day.  That was some serious shit.  I watched two people get sent to the hospital working that station.

One of the sickest things I'd ever witnessed happened at that bar.  12 dozen oysters sucked down by one fat man and two dirty martinis.  And of course the fucker tipped our bartender like $3.  I about wanted to puke all the way around. 




 It depends on what I feel like.  This chunk was a dry cure I believe. 




 So do I and because of it, the labor is negligible in my book.  You're flipping the meat, which is the labor killer is sounds like.  You said no cryovac, how are you storing it?  Is it in tubs or bags or what? 




 It sounds like who ever made the decision was over reaching.  I understand the want to do it all in house, but you have to have the foot print to do it.  And in all honesty, if you're making all your bread, you can buy damn good bacon for a decent price. 




 How long does it take you to salt meat and throw it on the shelf?  Or to transfer it to one place to the other?  30# batches should be around 4 bellies, maybe 5 if they are small.  If it takes a half hour to either salt that or toss it around in the smoker, I would question the footsteps involved. 




 Ok.  Fix your smoker and do it on the cheap.  Buy on old bakery proofer speed rack.  Now you have an enclosed box with rails for pans.  Now just work in a hot plate at the bottom of the box.  Granted, this will be a cold smoker, but wouldn't you rather shove 6 bellies in the oven over night or first thing in the morning, compared to doing 1/2 of one on your current rig?

How do you currently smoke your pastrami?  On the same rig? 




 Man, then you are making your bacon wrong.  The only real cost in labor should be in the slicing.  I put down 100# of bacon in about 1/2 hour if my mise is set right. 




 Please don't call me chef, for I am not one.   




 They are pretty much gone now.  They start mid to late july and run through right about now.  We got a good rain yesterday, so there might be a few more cropping up, but probably few and far between.  Probably some still out in the San Juans or in the Jemez, but not so much in Santa Fe.  Or so it felt last time I was hiking around. 




 Jesus fucking christ internet police.  Sorry.  I should have said that "any place that will hire you where everyone is calling each other chef isn't a place you want to work."  Is that better?  I mean, it just makes me sound like even more of a dick.  Is that what you would like?

Here is the thing.  90% of the people that refer to themselves as a chef are a fucking joke. 




 If you're working for either of those guys, you've already earned the right to the title.  I'm talking about the shitty food tatted up McApple Garden tocque wearing douchebag hipster bitches who think they are a chef for making a grilled cheese sandwich.  That is where the word gets thrown around the most.  You're a chef if you flip pancakes at IHOP.  Whatever. 




 Chimayo Red Chile crusted and brined pork cutlet

Tomato, lardon, and spinach salad

Green Chile Pancetta zabaglione

Sweet onion jam

Browned pita in garlic butter 




 You are correct.  Porcini is a mushroom.  I do not understand your objection? 




 No panini press involved, so I can't call it that.  I wish I did have a panini press though. 




 a #10 tin can with rocks for a base and to lodge the chip can into place and not burn the box.  The chip can is simply a soup can with holes punched in it and a soldering iron dropped in the middle of the chips.  Worked like a charm.   




 High Aspen Growth, Santa Fe National Forest.  

I don't have a pic of this batch.  But here are a couple of what I find in the area.  

http://i.imgur.com/jOhKnHg.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/DHWld3a.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/kKGJP16.jpg
 




 Well there is that part of it too.  But, do you not eat your edibles? 









 Garlic and Thyme butter basted porcini

Garden Fresh Caprese with house mozz

Wild Rocket

Soft french loaf 









 Butter basted porcini, garden fresh caprese with home made mozz, wild arugula, and pressed soft french.

What do you do with your mushrooms? 














 Not of the cheese was pre shredded! 




 As soon as you learn how to set the standards and not follow them, that is when you will start feeling good about your abilities as a cook.  




 Any place where everyone is calling each other chef isn't a place you want to work at if you actually ever want to earn that title.   




 I'm ashamed for you living in that state too. 




 Depends.  Down in ABQ not so much.  Up here in SF, we can get 6" over night and it's gone by noon.  It can also linger for weeks at a time.  However, it is nuts fucking cold a lot.  But typically freezing at night up here.  It's usually 40/50's during the day in ABQ and cold cold at night.

Canyon road isn't dog friendly FYI.  Not much in the area are here is for the most part.  Being here in the winter isn't the time to be hiking and camping, unless you want to head out on snow shoes. 




 100# of yukons cleaned and chopped to boil for mashers.  Or 45 dozen oyster, shucked.   




 Dude.  You don't do that.  You will be sad.  6-8 hours at 135 in the dehydrator, depending on the thickness.  Or, as another said, toss a pan in the oven overnight with the oven on warm and the door cracked. 




 I don't have a hot smoker. 




 Very very true, and I've been looking for better bread.  It works, but it is not the same.  I just have to deal with what I can find, since I'm pretty much over the baking of bread :(

The panaderia's near me are strictly Mexican and they only make crusty, crunchy bread.  It's good, but not for this purpose.  I've not thought to talk to the Rican's I know, they are an hour south.  But they might have a spot to check out.  The hard part is that I believe I've been all of the gringo friendly places I know of and a lot of the Latin shops in an hours drive from my house.  

I should stop by the pupuseria.  They might have a lead.   




 Well every thursday is boys night - dinner and a game.  That is where this plate of sandwiches was eaten.  Also, most of the post history I have has been eaten by that crew.  So if you want to be my friend, show up, play a game, and eat a sandwich! 




 Soft French style.   




 Get pissed! 




 Do you play games that involve polyhedrons?   




 Oh man, for which part?  I don't keep recipes, but can tell you method! 




 You are allowed to have an opinion.  I would be sad if you didn't have one.  I can take constructive criticism.  However, the people I choose to take it from are those who are educated in the topics they are speaking of.  You do not seem to have anything to base your opinions on, other than your personal preferences.

Oh.  And my stance on proportions comes from those who are much more educated than me.   




 and another random one that was made this evening...

http://i.imgur.com/ImCa3eG.jpg 




 I made these and a couple of the others tonight for our weekly boys night.  My friends eat well.

http://i.imgur.com/ImCa3eG.jpg 









 Make one yourself, it's not hard.  And it's that much easier if you bought most of the ingredients.  Honestly, all you'd really need to make is the pulled pork. 




 Right proportions of flavor?  How much of "absolutely fucking awesome" do you want or need in your mouth at a time?  Man, stop looking at your food and debating about it so much and start eating it!

Here's the deal about proportions.  Each ingredient needs to be able to stand on its on or in any combination with other ingredients in the dish.  When you have achieved that, you achieve harmony on the plate. 




 the bacon in question...

http://i.imgur.com/Dd7LX5u.jpg 









 and the bacon that made it...

http://i.imgur.com/Dd7LX5u.jpg 




 I can't eat beets.  They make me throw up.  The only food I've come across that makes me feel ill and I've eaten some (IMO) nasty shit over the years.  So I won't taste them.  However, any and every time they are prepped, the question of "Do these beets need more salt?" is always asked to everyone within earshot.  No ifs, ands, or buts about it.

Some people can get away with not tasting the food that they are sending out - the owners.  Other than that, refusing to taste one or two things is acceptable in my book if there is a good reason behind it.  But if you simply don't like something so therefore you won't taste it, I believe the term "get the fuck out" applies to you. 




 Just because you can turn bacon into something, it doesn't mean you should.  I've never heard of it and I'm bacon/meat obsessed.  That sounds nasty. 




 All home made aside from the swiss.  French sourdough, red chile pulled pork, green chile pea-bacon, stone ground, sweet hot pickle.   




 Thanks!  It was delicious.  But I seriously fucked up in making it.  You see, I only made one.  And that's a problem.  One sandwich is never enough.  I don't even think I want to eat anymore right now.  But here in an hour, I'm going to be cursing the sandwich and shaking my fist, since I will have no sandwich.  And I will be sad :( 














 Christopher Lloyd?  Is that you? 




 I've been doing the whirled egg thing for almost two years now since I first saw it.  Do it.  You'll love it. 




 Every time I make pastrami.  But other than that, not so much. 









 Tickets at this point will run you $100+ if you can find them. 




 Great show, good inspiration, and a wonderful reminder that all of that amazing food is usually just a trick away or something you could do too.  After all, just remember, at the end of the day it's just food... 




 Just make one.  They are not that hard.  It's just a sandwich, man. 




 This pretty much sums in up. 




 Nothing here in New Mexico aside from clear skies and Green Chile... 




 Examples that are produced without a smoker and can be done in your space are below.  They can be made for $5/lb or under.  IF you know how to source things.  Simple and a line monkey can do it if shown how.  It's also cheap as fuck.

If you would like to learn how to make bacon, there are people willing to help.  Such as myself.  But you got to drop the "I'm making something similiar type product" bullshit.  You either make bacon or you don't.  I mean, you can.  But if you're not going to, I'm not going to walk you through it.  In fact, I'd  be like the other poster and ask what the name of your shop is so I can avoid it at all costs.  Follow?

http://i.imgur.com/Cm1CTHF.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Y8nstSy.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/UDml67m.jpg 




 You are correct. 




 Winter brined pork Milianise cutlet.  It's light, you use complimentary spice as the pumpkin, the crust gives texture and something to mop up the sauce.  Delicious.  If you really need a veg, keep it simple like arugula tossed in with the sauce after it is finished right before plating.  Or over a bed of citrus   garlic braised greens.  But no kale.  Fuck kale.  

 




 is there anything house made in the picture? 




 The sandwich pre press and an ingredient list.

http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/2h5ply/ready_to_press_a_new_mexican_cubano/

 




 Breads a little darker than I like and in the pic it does look burnt.  And as many a greater cook than myself would say, there is nothing wrong with a little char.  There is a fine line between inedible and delicious.  

It's also a little hard to control the heat of the cast iron skillet I used as the top weight.  In the very first post I acknowledged that I needed a panini press.  If you would be so kind to be the first to donate into that fund, such an act would kick ass! 




 I would make yellow mustard, because that is what I come to understand as traditional.  I don't get it.  But since I can't get straight American yellow mustard to taste good, I stick with what I know. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/2h5t70/the_sandwich_in_question_and_i_wish_you_could/ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/eatsandwiches/comments/2h5t70/the_sandwich_in_question_and_i_wish_you_could/ 




 That's next!  But in addition to the ham and cheese, it's getting grilled pineapple and maduros too.   




 Yeah yeah, I know that joint quite well.  Decent folks, better bread, and nice burritos to walk out the door with.

I'm not in ABQ, but it is a SMALL town. 




 I don't know which was better.  I sliced off a chunk of the sandwich cold and it was awesome.  The pressed hot was awesome.  God damn I need to make another sandwich.  

Here it is cold from the other post...

http://i.imgur.com/BGVhZoP.jpg 









 I really need to invest in a panini press.  And a pic before it hit the pan.

http://i.imgur.com/BGVhZoP.jpg 









 Hatch Green Chile brine canadian "bacon"

Chimayo Red Chile pulled pork

Taos Sweet Chile garlic pickles 

House stone ground

Swiss

French loaf 









 Good for you.  It's easy, cheap, and lots of different ways to do it.  But remember, just because you can add bacon, it doesn't mean you should. 




 Dumbass had previously dropped the Robocoup and broke it to a certain extent.  Or I should say, broke 2 of the 3 safety mech's that prevent the operation of the engine.  One of which was the lock on the lid and the other being the pin that actually gets depressed in the final step of turning the motor on.

Douchebag owner in question is to fucking cheap to replace the robo.  Tells moron retard who broke it to use a bamboo skewer to depress the pin and to put a towel over the lid and hold it on.  Holy fucking hell.  There were probably 5 people in a 15'x15' equipment packed kitchen.  How nobody was sent to the hospital is beyond me.

Better question is how the douchebag owner still in business.  This stupid cocksucker was buying ice from the gas station down the street in the middle of summer (sending a dishwasher to get it in a shopping cart) instead of buying a new ice machine.  The people in this world are usually retarded.  How is it that the cream of the crop always manage to make it into our business? 




 How much product and time lost?  That sucks by the way.  Is the asshole in question known?

I worked ever so briefly for a moron who refused to fire the guy who kept killing the power to the refers.  Then one day he fucked up (I don't know how) using the Robocoup, blew the lid off, and the blade went flying out and hit one of the fire suppression batons.  Setting the ansel system off.  Good times, good times!  I rolled up my knives and walked the fuck out.

Screw up once, all good if you learn from it.  But if you knowingly unplug the refer for a microwave, especially if it's on the line, fuck you get out.   




 Um... Amazon? 




 Pork belly. Learn yourself how to make some bacon.  If you need help, there are plenty (myself included) on this site who will help you.  It will be the best thing in the world you've done for yourself. 




 Well fuck me silly.  I never would have thought about it that way.  Here in the states, it is expected that bride/groom/family pay for everything other than transportation and hotel for people to come to the party.  Food, drink, entertainment, gift bags, etc.  This sounds like something that should be instituted everywhere.  It sounds like everyone makes out a winner.   




 If you're still up, I know one of the better spots in the area to film from for sunrise.  But it's a drive.  It over looks the pecos valley and the galisteo basin.  Takes about 45min to an hour to get there going north.  Not many people know about this spot.

I'm in SF proper BTW and could be convinced to maybe make a drive... 




 Damn, that's a good idea.  Everybody just buys raffle tickets and people donate stuff?  To what, defray the cost of the wedding?  Or to pay for a trip?  Couples choice to pad their bank? 




 Not really.  For which part?  The cheese is a basic ratio by the rennet.  I didn't make the pasta.  

The sauce is a basic puttanesca sauce as far as I know.  I just grab and throw what is in the fridge/cupboard into the pot if it works together.  The red sauce base is always a changing event based upon what is on hand as well.  I cook by the dump and pour method and really should write more things down. 
























 I honestly don't really like the pancakes.  The GF will support that statement.  I only make them for her.  I prefer waffles or french toast if I am going to have some kind of hot bready griddle treat... 




 Yes yes.  I forgot last night...

Pork was rubbed and cold smoked for 6 hours before roasting for 10 hours at 225.  Rub consisted of an approx ratio of chile powder, garlic, black pepper, brown sugar, salt, oregano, and cumin.  Ratio was about 6:1:1:2:2:.5:.5

Canadian (pea meal) bacon was brined with a green chile/juniper brine and smoked over pinon.

And the rest of it...  Oh man...  I know I made it... 




 Santa Fe, my house. 




 I have not clue what that is, but I'll check the link.  Thanks! 




 Here's a whole gallery to drool over.  I'm in a serious mode looking for start up.  So if you feel like telling anyone to check it out, they can at least find me on Reddit ;)

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 I'm about to head out to the airport, I'll write a couple of things about it when I get back... 




 If you have $125K to front up and want to make a deal, there is a location in my town that is turn key available.  I just don't have the funds.  That's a serious offer. If someone ever takes me up on the investment opportunity, they'd be quite happy with their return. 









 Notice the beautiful home made Canadian (pea meal) bacon behind the sandwich... 














 There is more to it than just that... 




 Yes.  To season the skillet, when it is clean, throw it in the oven at 350 for 1/2 hour or so.  Pull it out, rub it down with oil and toss it back in oven for a bit.  The oil should set in 15 min or so. 









 Pretty much.  Hence why the album was crap. 




 Go back to washing dishes for a few years. 




 off set serrated? 




 Thanks.  That has been the point of all my sandwich makings for a while now.  I've been assembling a menu of easily executed and simply awesome snacks.  I've been ready to open a shop for a while, I just need to get the backing to do it... 




 If it wasn't already either cluttered or dirty.  Beside the fact that a cutting board doesn't give a pretty picture ;) 




 You better watch it.  You fuck with Paul, next thing you know Justin is going to be busting down your door.  I gar-own-t. 




 Yeah...  I wish I could just bust it down.  I don't use recipes any more and just go by feel and method.  I really should write more stuff down...

The pork was brined in green chile, garlic, and juniper solution.  It was then pounded thin, seasoned, and breaded.  It was then seared in brown butter.

The bacon was a green chile dry rub, then smoked over green chile husk and pinon.

The aioli was made with 1 egg, 1 T of 5% acidic liquid, 1 T mustard, salt, 1 quart of roasted garlic olive oil, and 1/2 C fine minced green chile.  This was made in a food processor.  

Bread is a standard french loaf.  It was griddled and pressed.
 




 Good good!  Hopefully you tell people your source and you turn them on.  The GC is one of the better things to happen to food in general.  Not being from NM, I never thought I'd say it.  But I'm a convert through and through. 




 Ya know, it's been years and I've forgotten most of it.  And even though I still keep an entire catalog of Floyd stuff (something like 165 shows, dozens of boots, etc) that I don't listen to anymore, out of all the random things I should have in there is that album.  I just didn't even think about keeping it and can't even bother to pirate a copy... 




 Something like that has already been done.  It's called "The Other Side of Pink: A tribute to Pink Floyd."

Mind you, I say something like it.  It has tracks by the likes of Alien Sex Fiend, Sky Cries Mary, Pressurehead, Electric Hellfire Club, etc.

The whole of it, for the most part, was total crap. 




 Well maybe if were all lucky, I'll get a shop opened up one of these days and you can eat such delicious things. 




 Yes. 




 Hatch Brined Pork Cutlet
Rocket, tomato, Hatch Cured lardon, and roasted Hatch salad with fresh Hatch aioli
Fingerlings tossed with smoked Hatch salt 



















 You are correct.  That is *a* definition of a lardon.  




 It's also the name of a knife cut. 




 I like it.  I also like my double burner sized lodge cast iron double sided grill/griddle pan to make pizza on as well.  Now I should look up structural integrity and heat retention between the two different metals... 




 I said don't before and I didn't explain myself, as I don't feel the need to so much anymore.  I'm trying to be more of a positive person.  But fuck this town.  I mean seriously.

So here is a good reason for you to not move here.  Mel Brooks' Blazing Saddles is playing at the Lensic (restored vaudville/stage/movie theater) this month.  Awesome, right!  I mean, that is one of the greatest comedy movies ever made.  Mel Brooks is amazing.  More people need to see that film.  However, tickets are $50.  WTF Santa Fe? 




 I'm jealous of the tacos that scrap would make... 




 Hatch Green Chile cured and smoked.  It went on a pizza.   









 I just threw in a while loin of pea meal bacon, half a belly of regular bacon, 2 dozen chicken legs, and a small picnic.  I wish I could say something like the neighbors are hungry, but all of this is for me :) 




 don't.   




 I wish I knew enough to contribute to something like that :( 




 Well alright then, I stand corrected a little.  I honestly don't know anything about the place other than all the media. 




 Given the cost, exclusivity, and product I say yes.   




 Yep.  Which is why I say places like that are not for me... 




 Don't know what it would be like to work at that level or caliber or if I'd want to.  I also don't know if it's common to find a job posted in one of those shops.  But I know a lot of you shoot for this kind of shit.  Fine dining is over rated in my book, but if you're going to do it, do it right... 




 I'm not in NYC, but browsing online and curious, I noticed a couple of line and a Sous position on the momofuku website.  Thought a couple of you might be interested in knowing that.

http://momofuku.com/careers/ 









 Thanks.  Now I know someone else to stay away from... 




 Very nice!  I'm intrigued.  From scratch? 




 No shit.  I mean, I was gunna say at least Douchey McDoucheington doesn't have a hipster neck tattoo.  And then I looked at the pic and sure enough, on the back of the neck.  My god OP, WHO IN THE FUCK IS THAT. 




 Rellena or arancini anything.  Empanadas.  Buy a case of puff pastry and have someone bust out a shit ton and freeze the leftovers.  I love em simply for that.  Bitchy low blood sugar line cook needs 4 fingers across the face?  Toss an empanada in the fryer! 




 Does the individual in the middle know what they look like? 




 adverb that participle! 




 And I've made many more like it.  This was the bacon in question.  

http://i.imgur.com/qsKVsKZ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/s2VQu9N.jpg 




 Bread is simply a quick rise round loaf, proofed in a dehydrator. 




 poorly. 




 Well, I make all of my stuff from scratch.  So which part?  The chile itself you can pick up anywhere in NM.  Since the season just got over up here, I'm almost back to using frozen and canned :( 
























 I am just that awesome of a sandwich maker.  The link below is my 99% from scratch work.  I should be running my own shop.  I'm actively looking for someone to front me the money if you know anyone.  Straight up legit and can put everything needed to back up an investment in front of me.  I could make someone a fortune up here in Santa Fe.

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 Yeah, I'm thinking in need another one of those as well.  But I'm lazy :( 




 Hatch Cured and Smoked Bacon

Roasted Hatch, tomato, parm, and rocket salad

Triple cooked chips with Smoked Hatch Salt and fresh Hatch aioli
 









 Cast iron grill pan and oil brushed bread. 




 Ya know, it's the stuff that 95% of all the restaurants in NM use anymore.  It's the standard.  And keep that tip to yourself, we don't want a run on the chile!  Or if it is leaving the state, we want to charge the premium for it :)

Seriously though.  I've been turning people all over the country to it as it is CHEAP.  The thing that cracks me up is that on the grocery shelf here in NM, chopped chile is $3/lb minimum.  Out of state it is $5/lb and up.  If you go to the restaurant supply and buy a 5# frozen of hot Hatch, it is $6.50.  I love it. 




 Something to keep in mind...  If you know anyone who gets Sysco/Shamrock/FSA or any other national chain delivery service (restaurants, bars, etc) and can get them to pull a favor for you, ask them to order a case of Bueno Mild Frozen Chopped Green Chile.  Should be a 20# frozen case and run about $30.  Just fyi ;) 




 I used powdered green chile in the salt cure.  It was also smoked using the dried trimmings and husks. 









 Not in the ABQ, but if you're ever interested in coming up to Santa Fe on a monday evening, come to The Game Thing at the comic shop in town.  There is a lot of magic that gets played then.  Plus a whole catalog of board games to choose from... 




 Yes yes, I'm in Santa Fe.  I'm not originally from here and didn't get the whole chile thing when I moved here.  Thankfully, I'm a convert.  But fuck that red chile noise, that shit is weak yo!

Edit to add...  I'm happy to ship jars or seeds.  Just ask ;) 




 Not British, my family is from the Isles though.  And the best "fries" in the world are British chips! 




 Triple cooked chips, basic russets.  Nothing special in my book, just run of the mill chips to me... 




 You can kick it in Tiny's probably.  Try Del Charo.  Your friend can always get a drink in one of the hotel lounges and walk it out into the lobby as well.  Just gotta check if it's cool.  Usually is.  Loretto and St Francis are two I know of. 









 Smoked Hatch Green Chile Cured Bacon

Dressed tomato, arugula, and Roasted Hatch Green Chile salad

Parm

Garlic Grilled Sourdough

Smoked Green Chile Salted fries with Fresh Hatch Green Chile aioli.   









 And make a profit?  No.  And break even with product left over, yes. 




 Yes yes!  Sorry.  Will do so shortly... 




 Honestly, I don't really do recipes.  I just dump and pour.  Sorry.  I really should write more down. 




 Formed, but then baked out of the pan.   




 Second the Auto Angel.  Also Lou at Abet Moters off of Silar is legit. 




 Hatch Green Chile meatloaf

Roasted grarlic parm mashers with mushroom gravy

Brown butter peas and carrots

Garlic toast 









 Water.  Yeah yeah, you carry water.  But double what you think you should carry at this altitude.  Seriously.

The thing you should worry about the most hiking in the area (and that is depending on where you go and what time of year) are rattlesnakes.  The cats here are scarce, black bears are wussies, and the elk herds run before you see them.  The scariest critters you can come across in the woods are humans, sadly enough.

The real danger we have here is snapping an ankle.  So many 4' rocks or 10' faces that "are easy enough to get up" and we never think about it because they are so easy to get up.  But the landscape here can be tricky footing...

But if you want to run at night in town (as long as you have a decent enough headlamp as the trial isn't fully lit), you can get a 10 mile loop in easy enough, mainly staying off of the road ways. 




 Grill is seasoned fine.  I don't have a blower in my kitchen, hence the smoke... 




 Margs are delicious, one of my personal favorites.  I actually pull my own mozz as well, but basil is out of season and i won't pay $30/lb for it at the grocery. 




 Fried. 




 Oh I know.  I just got a new pan and was playing with it.  Pan in question is a 2 double burner cast iron griddle/grill combo stove top pan.  Still don't know how to effectively grill meat with it and not smoke my house out.  I don't care, but the GF complains loudly... 




 Yep.  It took me a few tries to get the temp dialed down.  And for the crust to set with a little bit of a crisp, I've had to let them rest on the pan after taking them out of the oven.

I can crack off perfect pie all day long in a 700 degree oven.  Doing this in a home setting is a little bit different... 




 Sadly I have to say yes. 









 Some good, some bad, but all edible! 









 Man, I used to agree.  I live in SF and ate at the old location many times.  And at the new one.  I was there just the other day.  It's not the same.  It's not as good.  It doesn't have the funk or the legend.

I mean, it's a good burger.  Messy, large, expensive.  It is good.  But not the legendary shop it was.  If you've not been to the current location, you should make a trip up this way and check it out.  It is worth it.  But only if you're in the hood. 




 It was a Hatch Green and smoked cheddar roll.  And yes, my work from scratch. 




 I've been playing around with a couple of techniques and recipes, getting something dialed down to make the kind of pie I like. I've simply been working on the tools I have on hand at home and seeing what I can do and easily replicate in other ovens. My goal was yeast risen crust in an hour (Suzi Q homemaker style) and I've got it about down to that.


Right now the method is


mix dough (10 min)

proof it in the dehydrator (30 min)


rest (15 min)

bake at 500 on/in cast iron 12-15 min 




 Since you liked that, here's a couple more for you to wish you had.  I should really open up a jammer joint somewhere...

http://i.imgur.com/k7E9I5j.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/0Hjrk6z.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/ZNflyDE.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Nk4tMOv.jpg
 




 something like this?

http://i.imgur.com/zDUqULA.jpg 




 I believe this is the point where the sub is supposed to say "tits or you lie!" 




 I'm just curious about what his ties to SpaceX and Elon Musk are.  This is straight up tinfoil hat stuff here, but what exactly was this guy working on?  I find it highly suspicious that someone tied to that program, who would have direct access to the money behind it, would bother with such a thing.  Just thinking out loud.  This guy could be "guilty" in the eyes of our current judicial system.  I'm not agreeing with those laws/opinions, but just saying.  However, I doubt it is to the degree in which he is being charged. 




 It's almost a deal.  However, if that was to happen, I'd rather just call in an order and have you bring me bread for me to make my own.  Their bread is the reason I head in there, it really is top notch.  Well, and then there is the $5 sandwich... 




 Fried yucca tossed with smoked green chile salt.  Only a third made it onto the plate as they were being eaten out of the bowl... 




 Sure.  But I don't just make sandwiches for strangers.  It's sort of like that whole taking candy from the police rule.  So that will have to be figured out.

In the mean time, I will tell you that you should go acquire a tasty snack from Bhan Mi Coda.  That place is awesome. 




 You are correct.  It was chopped.  After it was pulled.  And technically, pulled pork means that it was cooked long enough for the meat to "pull" away from the bone.  Pulled does not mean hand shredded. 




 I'm in Santa Fe.  Drop a line if you're ever in the area.  If I'm available, I will be happy to make you a snack. 




 My house. 




 It was delicious.   














 Yeah.  I moved down here from the SW WA and NW OR Columbia Basin.  Grew up around/in PDX.  What part of OR are you in?  I only ask simply because out of all the transplants I've met, the cross between NM and the NW is staggering.  All these people down here from Seattle, PDX, Spokane, Bend, etc.  And up there?  Folks from NM and AZ... 




 Oh those guys!  I've met them before, but haven't been to their shop.  Has it been that long?  I guess I don't make it down that way nearly as often as I should :( 




 Are they a new shop?  I'm up in SF, but a fairly active gamer who hasn't heard of them.  Just curious, I thought I knew of most of the shops in the area... 




 Friday Night Magic can be found at Active Imagination.  Also, if you ever want to come up to Santa Fe, every Monday evening (like tonight!)  is an open to the public board game night at our only comic shop in town. 




 with a carbonara style egg binder of course... 














 Smoked red chile pulled pork with green chile and arugula 

cilantro/onion/lime mix

browned cojitia

fresh tortilla

sour cream 









 Roasted Green Chile

Hand pulled mozz

House red sauce

Smoked Green Chile Sourdough  




 I just question if she can actually cook if she was on that show... 




 Appetite for Destruction was 1987.   
























