 There are people without homes, meals, health care, clean water. I'm all for helping animals, too, but the resources and expense of giving a fish a fake eye? Lord.  




 He could be a good veep choice. I just can't see Bush, Romney, and Christie all running, though. Maybe two, but not three. Bush is going to suck the fundraising away from those other two. And this may keep others, like Scott Walker, out of it, though they could bootstrap for awhile.  




 The Bush-style country club Republican has been on the run these past few years. By the looks of the people Jeb is hiring, he'd bring them back. Whatever innovative mindset he's claimed on education, immigration, etc., the Karl Rove sect is firmly in control of this campaign.  




 If there were ever an athlete who should keep quiet and let his actions speak for him, CS is the one. Instead, he makes things worse whenever he opens his mouth.  




 Because s/he's a Dodger fan. Why would he want SF to win another? :) 




 BitUSD and the other BitShares assets combine crypto with market-pegged stability. NuBots is another one worth considering.  




 Bytemaster's blog on this should be required reading. Very informative.  




 You know, he could be a good pickup for the Giants. A little more insurance for that starting rotation. Can Bills play LF? 




 Terrific. All college could be free with some strings attached. I look forward to seeing the proposal.  




 Wow! Gorgeous image.  




 These lists are tough, since we all have our own opinions and few of us every had a chance to watch the historical greats from different eras, such as Babe Ruth. Those are all HOF-caliber players, for sure, and it's a solid list. Interesting that they only chose 23 pitchers (that's my rough count)--far more position players. Rickey Henderson would make my Top 10. Best player I ever saw.  




 He must be a certified Nejcbeard. Hopefully, they get things worked out.  




 Good for them. This may create a mess initially, but it is in everyone's long term best interest for create a more decentralized grid.  




 Just ask Stephen Drew.  




 I read the article. Her actual promise was to dismantle it 'from the inside out'. I thought the title was a little inaccurate, but only indirectly so.  




 The Economist gets it. That's a good news source. Too bad they have a paywall. If we find the full article, let's post it here.  




 These look great. They need to go back to brown. So many teams gave up on their traditional colors and went with some version of blue in previous years.  




 As I understand BitShares, it is more practical than conceptual.  




 Fair point. The swing states were harder to predict. 




 I just thought it was a good place to drop that metaphor, whether you interpret it literally or sarcastically. :)  




 Bugs are meat. But I'd rather eat beans! 




 I'm open to this, but also consider use of resources: making the pots, bringing in water, soil or medium, fertilizer, and light. It has to be efficient.  




 If you can't beat 'em, join 'em. 




 That's interesting and I like it. But in tracking only one election (if I understand correctly), that vastly discounts the fact that one of the candidates could have been a better public speaker, more charismatic, or with speeches written to hit certain popular lines. And meanwhile, the opposing candidate might be better at raising money and running TV ads, so could in the end be just as competitive. With only one campaign, there was a 50% chance of this outcome, which makes for a questionable correlation.  




 I think there's a subset of white Democrats in Appalachia and the south who might be attracted to a guy like this. But yes, if they're less tolerant of those elements in the first place, then they're probably not Democrats anymore.

What I don't quite get is that Webb didn't want to stay in the Senate, he didn't want to be governor, and he withdrew himself from veep consideration. But he wants to be president?   




 I really like the fact that Warren is proactive with these things, whether or not one always agrees with her.  




 I have a lot of respect for what Roger Ver did, based on his principles. But crying about not being able to get back in? If I were the U.S. government, why exactly would I give a crud? You basically said you didn't need the U.S., and now suddenly you do? 




 Does not inspire confidence in centralized exchanges. "Ground up" will take time. By then, the market will have moved on.  




 Cool. With a name like Cliff Mass, I'd say your expert was destined for a career in earth sciences.  




 This is a very thoughtful and well-researched piece.  









 They said it would have more value if broken up.  




 Sorry for your loss and hope you get it back. We definitely need to start thinking of technologies that bypass these online exchanges.  




 It's happened to all of us. "Your mess of crackers" -- "Your meth and crack whores"... See how bad it can be!
 









 Nice job; it's not always easy with the clouds. I love the colors of those waters with the glacial moraine. Beautiful image. 




 I'll play! 









 Definitely destined for the AL if they can move him.  









 I think the Giants are taking a year off. Most likely to come out of the blue with last-minute money to sign a big (and probably over-priced) free agent:  Yankees, Angels, Tigers...any others? I might add White Sox and Dodgers, but both of them may be done for now and/or pretending to take a more budget-minded approach.  




 Should there be a period of time after which non-use invalidates the patent? 
























 James Shields? Or maybe Cole Hamels? 




 The guy's got some sick stuff, that's for sure. 









 Yes, but they're the only ones who can really do anything about this problem.  




 I'm amazed at how many minor league chances he's gotten. D was a great pitcher once, but.... 




 Ruben Amaro should have cleaned house a year or two earlier when those older guys still had real value. Then again, he might have had an owner who told him not to sell. Their loss. I hear their farm system ain't great either, so hopefully Phils fans enjoyed their run...it's gonna be awhile before they're back again.  




 The Dems would be smart to go with Rendell or someone new. Sestak is a re-tread; maybe he deserved better and could beat Toomey this time, but I'd go another direction there. 

PPP's polls lean to the left. Whenever I see one, I always mentally add a few points for the GOP candidate. They're more accurate that way.  




 They won't allow transactions with ghosts. 




 One of the BitShares assets would be good. Or Nubots if their bots are turned on.  









 Intolerance and religion seem to have a close relationship much of the time.  









 Gorgeous. According to landscape artist Francis McComas, Point Lobos features the "greatest meeting of land and water in the world".  




 I was hoping everyone would tell Boras to stuff it. This just encourages him to continue his ways. Apparently, they work.  




 I'm not convinced it's a winner. Why have the Democrats, who naturally hold that constituency, turned away from the politics of poverty? They've become the party of the middle class and modern working people. The poor have nowhere else to go unless they're right-wing Christians or choose not to vote. I just don't see these country club Republicans as having a whole lot of appeal to those groups. 




 And he pumps his own gas.  




 I bet JF could still pinch hit in the majors. That guy was always in terrific shape, physically and mentally. I'm a little surprised he hasn't hurt some part of his body, though, with that funky stance he uses.  




 Beautiful! I went there in 1998. Didn't see a tourist all day.  




 Ah yes, the poster child for poverty in America: Willard M. Romney.  




 I'm half joking, but I do recall reading somewhere that he owned the Oklahoma team that affiliated with the Dodgers, where did set off a game of musical chairs, though I'm sure it wasn't the only factor by any means.  




 It's all Magic Johnson's fault. He owned part of a minor league team that affiliated with another team and they moved it to the Dodgers. That set off a ripple effect and the dominoes fell all over baseball.   




 I never thought he'd show up there at this point. 




 Rick Perry couldn't name all three branches of government.  




 That "push" and "pull" description is right on target for Windows 8. 














 And the last Padre time actually PLAYED in an All Star Game was four years ago.  




 Terrific! 









 Has anybody noticed the Senate is in GOP hands now? Confirming liberals is tough or well nigh impossible. Obama's throwing forward some people he thanks have a chance.  




 Is NuBits backed by collateral?  









 Whenever a president takes international actions (of almost any sort), he is criticized. This group of Republicans couldn't even find Paris on a map. An astonishing number of House GOPers do not even have passports.  




 He's definitely biased. But he documented this pretty well, I thought, using NXT's own block explorer. As someone who has held NXT myself, I'm truly interested in knowing whether it is a decentralized currency. 




 I don't think that tampering with the First Amendment is the way to go. If we had publicly funded elections (or crowd-funded ones), and the voters actually held all candidates/campaigns to the expectation they would honor this, then there would be a public consensus to shame anyone who spent more outside of this system.  









 Is that why they get scared into voting for people like Ted Cruz? 




 Foxes guarding the henhouse. I feel very sorry for Texans that they're stuck with this guy...and so are the rest of us. 




 Impressive array.  




 Unconscionable. 









 Yeah, I get it. Just having fun with this! 
























 Are you kidding? Anyone can spend BitUSD now without an account. Very cool! 




 Breaking news! Terrorists are using U.S. dollars! Ban the Fed! 




 Thank you. This is terrific news. We have another thread on it here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/BitShares/comments/2u6j5v/bitusd_and_bitshares_bts_added_to_shapeshift_buy/
 




 Could be a possible veep for Jeb? 




 Well, you could hold it on Cryptsy for a little longer, but keeping money on exchanges is always a questionable choice. I'd recommend downloading the wallet/client. It's in development, so still a bit buggy, but I think you'll be impressed with what you can do in there.  




 Wonderful! Looking forward to this.  




 Too bad. But she shouldn't have said that unless she has evidence and is prepared to act.  




 I love the spirit of action there! We should all be doing the same.  




 Wow, that might be the best one yet.  




 There is a new website debuting soon. And we are weeks, perhaps a bit longer, from getting a stable 1.0 client. With all the stuff in the works, I think you'll be happy you got in!

Please join us at the forum and delve deeper:

https://bitsharestalk.org/index.php


 




 Probably true. One must be pretty extreme to win GOP primaries. It's also become a regional party for the most part; those NE Republicans are considered too liberal. 




 He needs Jeb, Mitt, or Christie not to run. Then another to have a misstep or somehow they cancel each other out. At that point, people would take a serious look at a Walker candidacy. Or he could be a VP. 

I wish he'd retire to Waukesha or wherever he's from.  









 When I wake up in the morning, I definitely see the world differently than Scott Walker does.  




 I said that to give him the benefit of the doubt. Some people don't like talking publicly and that's fine. As for the rest of it, he's the only one to blame for making an issue of this.  









 Truly beautiful. I love the granite boulders.  




 No kidding. I'd do the southern leg first and get that out of the way before it really starts to roast.  




 In that case, the appreciation aspect is pretty much a coin toss. I'd look for coins that have strong communities, since in the end, that's the best route to adoption.  




 You probably should look into the 2.0's then. I try not to be a BitShares shill, but if appreciation and potential are what you want, then a simple coin is nothing compared with putting businesses   banking on the blockchain. Look into NXT and Ethereum also.  




 Unfortunate. But I can't help wondering why some geniuses voluntarily remove their DNA from the human genetic pool.  




 Such a wonderful, articulate role model for our nation's youth. I understand the part about being an introvert, and he shouldn't really have to do these press conferences all the time, but...his business is entertainment and this is his brand. Rather than proving that he's an ass who cares mostly about himself, he could have used all that fine money for charity or something.  




 Most of them are money losers, but it is fun for awhile. I finally had enough of it and moved everything into one, but as long as you don't mind losing a few bucks here and there, then you might also get fortunate and ride the occasional lucky bounce.  




 You could do it for gift cards or something, but if this was for the currency in general, I don't think it would catch on. Savers are a big segment of any market and that fact provides a great deal of the currency's value.  




 Presidents often take credit for the portions of an economic cycle they bite off with their terms of office. But Obama has done many things to improve the economy; I'll grant you that. 




 Wait, I thought Republicans control the CBO now. 




 Didn't last long, did it?  




 Fine, but it's his own PR service for press releases; don't call it news. 




 "Major announcement". He's coming out?

Just kidding. 




 Naw, just a bit underwhelmed.  




 "We literally hate you".

http://www.sfgate.com/entertainment/article/Punk-band-tells-Gov-Walker-We-literally-hate-6040575.php
 




 The whole Western United States was 'fucking enormous' once also. There were an unlimited number of trees. Just like now, when we pollute the ocean, there's an unlimited amount of water to soak it all up. 

I understand where you're coming from. The Alaskan viewpoint is important. But it's a very finite ecosystem and it can be wrecked just as easily as others have been wrecked. We don't need to preserve it all, but we need to be very careful to leave as much as possible unspoiled.  




 It's a great addition, but...to the moon? On this news? I think that was oversold in the promo.  




 If hitters in the minors really spent time learning to bunt, it would change the game. Not easy with today's pitching, but also with today's pitching, an extra hit or two can have a real impact on games   batting averages. 









 Theoretically, couldn't he designate the entire thing a National Monument using his executive authority, bypassing Congress completely? Not sure, but I think that would create a stronger protection than what ANWR has now.  









 Where's Johnny Appleseed when we need him? 




 If the dude can still hit, I predict they'll mend fences in a hurry and he'll have every opportunity to crack the starting lineup. Probably a DH at this point, though.  




 He looks different. 




 Underwhelming. 




 Didn't anyone bring this up in her Senate campaign? We're stuck with her for six years. 
























