 I had an ArmaLite AR-10 pattern .308 gas gun and let me just say the aftermarket parts seemed a lot more geared toward SR-25/LR308 pattern rifles. I was very impressed with the overall quality of the AR-10 but it seems to me the LR-308 pattern may have been the way to go. RRA is, as I understand it, different mags and, through my adventures on the web, the least popular option. 









 Shot placement. Shot placement. Shot placement. 




 Doesn't the accuwedge push the receivers apart basically? I know a little play isn't that big a deal but it seems kinda counterproductive 




 I recently picked up a Core-15 M-4 that I'm slowly building into a coyote rifle, I posted a picture of it somewhat recently should you be interested. Currently the core has a 20" fluted bushmaster varminter barrel that I got a screamin' deal on, but I think that additional heft on the front end is exaggerating the slop between upper and lower. JP tension pin or deal with it? I would appreciate input from people that have used the tension pin or found a similar solution that doesn't involve foam earplugs... 




 when i purchased an almost identical troy rail for my AR-10, it came with a section (maybe two, I can't remember correctly) of rail about 4" in length. I used it way out front for a bipod. Not sure if a company would include it if you didn't purchase the rail separately, though. 





























 What is the french police force trained exclusively on call of duty? "we should equip our sharpshooters with submachine guns" makes sense... 




 Check your local walmart. Mine has boxes of 30 for $9.97.
ZQ SS109 62gr. FMJ for  $0.30 a round. Don't help the gougers out anymore. 




 because I myself am not in my mid 70's... 




 just the mun, gotta figure out how to get ol' johnsby home now... 









 check out that ASStronaut 




 Sorry for the disregard, everyone, stopped at the local hardware store and picked up 3 different o-ring sizes (don't ask me which, i just eyeballed them off the wall basically). Slipped the largest one i got on there nice and tight and, what do you know, slop gone. Thanks for saving me the $35 folks. 
























 Thanks for the input y'all. Good to know a cheaper bike still has the power to get around, especially for a bigger rider. Does that legendary honda reliability and workability transfer to the bikes as well? Or is that perk reserved for the civics? 




 Yeah see this is what I've been seeing around. I'm not one to shy away from mechanical work and I think a naked goldwing can look nice and prolly shave a bit of weight 




 I'm a pretty big dude, 6'-3" close to 300lbs. Help me pick out something that I can learn on and enjoy but still has enough ass to pull mine up a hill and to highway speeds. Been snooping around on here, I thought maybe a mid 80's goldwing would fit my price range and be big enough for me, any suggestions? 




 Another suggestion for a "cheaper" upgrade, bed that stock if it isn't already. There's good kits around for easily under $100 that'll wring a little more accuracy out of a factory rifle. 




 Not sure what the handguard in the brownells ad is, but rainier arms makes a similar looking model called the evolution, its a samson product rebranded I believe. To answer your second question, the barrel length doesn't have as much to do with the handguard as you might think, so long as you're using a low profile gas block. If you're using a railed block or one with an integrated front sight post it's best to match your handguard length to the length of your gas tube. These are typically pistol, carbine, mid, rifle and extended. For example, a standard m4 type 16" barrel will most frequently have a carbine length gas system, which would require a handguard in the neighborhood of 7" (from the front face of the upper receiver to the gas block shoulder). This link may help you out some if my explanation was unclear:

http://blog.cheaperthandirt.com/ar-15-gas-system-identification-guide/ 




 This is why I don't understand the craze. Yes its a slippery slope letting the ATF ban things and its the principle of the thing blah, blah, blah. I don't even like shooting it cuz it can tear up some of my steel targets, and I shoot SP or HP hunting anyway. Ban doesn't affect me too much 




 I was talking more about the accuracy. Actually if you shoot someone with a fmj 5.56(as is commonplace for military and police) its going through and through, small hole. 9mm is much bigger and I believe police commonly use hollow points which expand and create a much bigger wound. 
























