




 Mike and Rachel killed me tonight! they were so cute, but then she cheated! I was proud of Mike for not forgiving her right away but then I wanted them back togetherIm so conflicted! 




 Its so obvious Hanna hates Ali. She is avoiding her big time! Im telling youHanna joined Mona. She cant face her. Shes drinking and stressed because shes afraid the girls might find out.
    Rhonda is so cute with her root beer and crunchy cheese doodles.
    I think E. Lamb was fired and pushed out of town by A.
    Poor Ella. I have a feeling they moved the wedding up because she got pregnant. Zach is an Asshole!!!!
    Did Sydney slip up on purpose about NY or by accident. (Id love to hear your thoughts on this!)
    I want to hear what everyone thinks about Alis behavior. All fake?
    I was shocked it was Noel who broke in the Marins house! When Ali first blurted his name out i had a heart attacki thought she was going to say he was A or something tp do with A!!
    Just a side thought..didnt Mona also ride horses? Remember she went with Kate and her friend when Hanna went? 

Thats all i have. Any comments?  




 Thanks for the info 




 Soooo we still don't know what Parrish is....And he doesnt know what he is either obviously. He was too funny when he was like Im only worth 5 dollars?!??? Loved this episode!!! 




 thanks you 2 




 thx a lot!! 









 Thanks so much! I`m going to try it! Have a good one! 




 Thanks for the input! 




 Itll bring armies to their knees. Cities will disappear in the blink of an eye. The world will be united in peace by the most just and noble country in the history of mankind. Or it will burn to the ground...

Anyone seen it? Is it worth it? 




 True Blood tonight was ridiculously boring. I mean come on, this is a final season! Dont put us to sleep! I want some action and some oh shit! moments, preferably lots of them!!! 









 I was kinda sure about that...well that`s that! After all they are husband and wife....in real life 





























 I would like some opionions on this new series...I`m conflicted about watching it...Any comments? 









 1) The Sopranos (it`a an absolute must)
2) Game of Thrones
3) The Big Bang Theory
4) Two and a Half Men (no Ashton seasons, only the Charlie Sheen ones)
5) How I met Your Mother (`though the last season is kinda dissapointing) 




 Ok, if you haven`t noticed, I`m a few days old on reddit so...I haven`t had the time to read all the things that have been written on this matter....
 




 Money beats being selective any day...I know, they don`t need it..but still, the rich will always want to be richer... 




 Finally! Someone who had the guts to say it! I applaude your courage! I`m with you on this matter....I like Sandy but this movie kinda ruined her as an actress for me...over hyped! 









 I actually start to care about Christie and Alaks story this season. Last season they were more part of their parents story but they really are coming into their on in this season. 




 Thanks a lot! 




 I hope there is...I am kinda sick of all this drama with them two...let it be over with and let the show `come back to normal` like in the first 2 seasons!!! 




 Seriously? that`s too much though!! 




 ooo...ok, i`m so sorry, i did not know about that! i`ll never do it again!!! sorry!! 




 Yep...apparently... 









 :)) 





























 Wow, can I just say how bad ass spencer was tonight, not taking no for an answer. Im so glad that aria apologized to Hannah and they made up. As for mama Montgomery, I feel so bad for her, she just can catch a break. I swear if tonight wasnt foreshadowing a twin theory, then its not going to happen at all. I believe Noel when he says that Alison was never kidnapped. When he says that our friend likes to through away people when shes done using them I think hes referring to A. So if this is true, is A a woman. Im so proud of Hanna for ditching the booze and I have to say it was hot when Caleb stood up for his girl. I love Travis but haleb is growing on me again. I still dont trust Alison and highly doubt that she even knows this guy in custody. We will soon see.
 









 I dont know what upsets me more about the ending of that episode, honestly... that Malia and Stiles are going through a rough patch, which will probably lead to Malia hanging out with Peter! or the people who will use that fight to tinhat Stiles and Derek even harder! or that the people who will use that fight to tinhat Stiles and Lydia even harder.......!!!
 




 Loved this:  See, every time I have given you the benefit of the doubt, it bites me in the ass.
Dale Barbara 




 I just loved Lena`s words so much!
'nothings permanent. not the trees, not the mountains, not us. not even our sadness. i keep thinking about the fact that no matter what happens during the night, every morning the sun comes up. again and again.' 




 I know shes going through some stuff, but Daphne needs to be smacked in the head. Bay needs to tell her that its not Reginas fault. Shits getting annoying.
 














 I liked her when she was innocent and trying to help...afterwards she became a dumb bitch as you well pointed out 




 yeah but the writers made her talk and act like a retard slut sometimes...and that`s why she lost her initial character role 




 yeah me too...i liked her the first 2 seasons..or 3..after that...she began to really annoy me 




 I`ve only watched 10 min of the first episode and it didn`t make an impression on me...I believe it`s kinda like Lost...you think you will find something out every episode...but you don`t...and you don`t really know anything as seasons pass by.... 









 I haven`t watched it, I just wanted some opinions to make up my mind! Thanks for your reply! 
























