














 For me it's Rich Piana (or as I call him, Richy Poo). 




 I'm doing this to play The Witcher 2 in anticipation of The Witcher 3. 









 There's a lot of hype for The Witcher 3, so I was wondering if it's worth playing The Witcher 2 on the Xbox 360. (I don't have a powerful PC, so I can't play the original Witcher.) 




 I feel very guilty about accidentally killing my dog (I was playing with him near the top of the stairs, and he fell down to the basement, breaking his back, so I had to put him down), so I am going to start fasting to punish myself. I am not sure how long I should fast. I am thinking 90 days. Is this appropriate, or should it be shorter or longer? (I'm not overweight or anything, so there isn't any weight that needs to be lost.)  




 And why were you admitted?

three times for me

1. mania

2. anorexia

3. catatonia
 




 The Witcher 3 looks like an interesting game, so I was wondering if I have to play the previous games. I have an Xbox 360 and an Xbox One, so I have the ability to play the second and third game. I see that the first game is only available on PC, so as my PC isn't powerful enough to game on, I am unable to play the original game. Am I OK with only playing the third game, or should I also play the second? 














 I ended my last ketogenic cut at 106 lbs (from 205 lbs), which led me to a psych ward. I then gained 44 lbs eating whatever I wanted and not exercising. I have since lost 10 lbs after re-starting keto. My question is: when do I stop cutting so I don't end up in the same place again? The bodyfat calculator put me at around 19% bodyfat. Due to my last extreme cut, I have really no muscle whatsoever. I'm pretty sure I would be considered skinnyfat right now as I have a slight belly and man boobs. Indeed I don't want to bulk quite yet. Should I cut to 120 lbs?  




 I'm going to be near a Trader Joe's tomorrow, so I was wondering what to keep my eye out for. 




 I'm undergoing a series of ECT treatments (on #9) for catatonia. Does anyone here have experience with ECT? 




 I started keto last February at 206 lbs and ended at in October at 106 lbs, which led me to a psych ward, in which I had to go back to carbs and gained 44 lbs. Now when I say I want to go back to a ketogenic diet, they dismiss it as "the eating disorder talking." How do I convince them that keto is a legitimate diet?  




 [Here's the bodybuilding.com page if you don't know what it is.](http://www.bodybuilding.com/store/gaspari-nutrition/superpump-30.html)

I took two scoops of it and now I feel really bloated.  




 I started cutting in early February of this year at 205 (obese) and am now 138. I have been on a ketogenic diet throughout the cut. I'm 17, male, and 5'7". I heard that after a long cut you're supposed to slowly add back calories (reverse diet). How do I go about this? How many calories do I add per week? I have been cutting on 1,400 calories. 




 I have cut down from 205 (obese) from February of this year to 138. The body fat calculator at my gym says that I am around 12% bodyfat. I am male, 17, and 5'7". I didn't start tracking calories until 71 days ago, so I can't say what my calories were before I started tracking, but as of 71 days ago I have kept my calories at or below 1,400. Is it necessary to reverse diet to maintenance calories (adding a set amount of calories each week until maintenance is achieved)? If so, how would I go about this? How many calories would I add per week?
 




 I've been using a cheap food scale that lately has become very unreliable. I want to be able to track my macros accurately, so I would like to buy one I can rely on. 




 I started running in intervals a few days ago on a track, walking on the curves and running on the straight part, this lasting about an hour. I have since experienced outer ankle pain in both feet. I am male, 17, 140 lbs, 5'7", and am running in Kinvara 5's. I have just started running, so I am wondering if this is typical beginner's running pain or if I'm doing something wrong.  




 I know that eating too much protein in a day will kick you out of ketosis, but what if you eat like 80 grams of protein in one sitting (but staying below the protein limit for the day)? Will eating a lot of protein in a short period of time kick you out of ketosis? 









 I am cutting on 1,400 calories (around 105 protein, 101 fat and less than 20 carbs). I am 17 years old, male, 5'7", 152 lbs, 18.4% bodyfat. I'm running ICF 5x5.  




 Right now I'm taking a cheap fish oil which has 300 mg of EPA and DHA combined per capsule. I take 6 capsules a day. Is this a good amount to take? 









 I'm 17 years old and I'm only 5'7". Am I doomed to a life of a manlet, or am I tall enough to not worry about this? 




 I was thinking about buying the Merrell Trail Glove 2. Is this a bad idea for someone beginning to run? This shoe appeals to me because it could double as a shoe for lifting and running. Should I instead get a dedicated lifting shoe and a more traditional running shoe like [this](http://www.adidas.com/us/product/mens-running-cc-rocket-boost-shoes/IEU81?cid=D66285 breadcrumb=1z13071Z1z11zrfZsvZu2Z1z13y9l)? 









 For me it was Californication. 
























 Arm hair on one of the Women is disgusting, and to be perfectly honest it offends me. Why do the Women refuse the shaving? 
























 They keep disappearing! Whenever I ask him about it, he always responds by moaning, "Oh, Jesus Christ." 




 I have a Toshiba 46SL417U LED TV. When I press the power button, a green light (which usually flashes once when it is turned on) flashes 3 times, stops for a few seconds, then flashes 3 times again and repeats the process indefinitely. No picture or audio. I unplugged it for about an hour and plugged it back it with no change. 




 I have a Toshiba 46SL417U LED TV. When I press the power button, a green light (which usually flashes once when it is turned on) flashes 3 times, stops for a few seconds, then flashes 3 times again and repeats the process indefinitely. No picture or audio. I unplugged it for about an hour and plugged it back it with no change.  
























 Mine is Stadium Arcadium. 




 Can you provide an Amazon link? I'm going to get a food scale, but I don't know which one to get. 









 http://www.laterrafina.com/chunky-spinach-artichoke-parmesan-dip 




 There aren't any stores that I know of that stock adiPowers, so what shoe has the same fit as the adiPower?  




 http://www.drugstore.com/detour-15g-whey-protein-bar-lower-sugar-chocolate-chip-caramel/qxp353992?catid=326472 




 I would be using them primarily for lifting. I also use the elliptical and bike. I'm not a very big runner. 




 I'm running a full body program, which means I do squats and deadlifts on the same day. I like to squat in adipowers and deadlift in chucks. I also do cardio post-workout, for which I use running shoes. Would it be considered weird to bring all 3 of these shoes to the gym? 









 For me it's squatting ass to grass while most everyone else is doing parallel/above parallel. I always feel like going up in their face and shouting, "ASS TO GRASS, BUDDY!!!!!!!!!!!!" 

















































 Or are they more for competition/maxing out? Also, are they for an advanced lifter, or are they ok for all experience levels? 




 the Walk of Shame? 














 With keto I find it very easy to fast for long periods of time without getting hungry. What is the maximum amount of time one should fast? 









 Does [this](http://www.amazon.com/Beta-Alanine-1000-Grams-2-2lbs/dp/B008Z84IQQ/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8 qid=1394903564 sr=8-11 keywords=beta+alanine) look good? 1,000g for $35. Is this quality beta alanine? Do you recommend something else? 
























 My right pec is out of control. It is bouncing randomly without my consent. Why. 














 I like to drink Monster Zero Ultra. It has 2 grams of erythritol per can (no other carbs). Is this ok? 
























 Mine is Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. Also, how often do you eat Quest bars? Do they make you stall? 














 I want to really care about the characters like I did in A Song of Ice and Fire. 














 On a cold Friday afternoon, I had come home from school. I had been thinking of the gym all day. I was hungry, didn't have any lunch. In fact, I didn't eat because I spent the money. For the past month I was saving up for something. Something special which I bought at GNC. I was surprised they didn't ask for ID; I was pretty sure the cashier noticed how nervous I was. Anyways, my mom asked my how my day was when I got home, but I ignored her. I have more important things to do. I run to the bathroom and unpack my bag. In my school bag is a white plastic bag from GNC. I open the bag, first removing the receipt and flushing it down the toilet to get rid of the evidence. My heart was racing now. I unpack the creatine monster from the bag.

I wonder what people will be asking me when they see that I will be 50lbs heavier. Should I say I was just eating a lot? I remove the label from the tub and tear it into a thousand small pieces. I flush that down the toilet, too. It is time now. I run up to my room when my mom ask me what I am holding. I panic, sweat drips down my forehead and my teeth chatter. "Mom, it's just for a school project". "What project?" "I don't know mom I just started it!". A tear runs down my cheek. I run upstairs and open the creatine, scooping upservings into a clear water bottle. What have I gotten myself into? I fill it with water and drink it. There is no turning back now. The creatine monster is inside me now, it will control me. What should I do if I die? I cant let my family know about this.

I open the creatine tub and throw it all out the window; a white cloud of mysterious dust sparkles into the wind so graciously. I feel the substance taking control of me; I am now the monster. I walk downstairs, its time to work out; time to get big. Now I worry, I don't want to get too big; people will think I use steroids. I do use steroids. No I don't. Creatine. All I see is the weights now, I am almost downstairs when I hear "Do you want a cookie I just baked?" I know I do not have time for this shit now. "No mom I do not want a fucking cookie." I walk in the basement and drop to my knees before the weights, tears running down my cheeks. I turn to the right and look at myself in the mirror. Oh god, what have I done? 




 I call Quentyn my Quenty Bear.
Victarion is my Vikkey Bunny.
Strong Belwas is Belly Boo Boo.
 




 12 Thai Curry traditional wings with 2 containers of blue cheese 




 When my Quenty Bear died. :'( 









 No, not your name, not your job, not your hobbies, not your personality. Really, who are you? 









 Are you getting the regular version, Lannister version, Targaryen version, Stark version, or Amazon limited edition dragon statue version? 









 (Don't say "Get a bigger size." That's not the problem. They fit perfectly.)
I bought a pair of Under Armour ["Core"](http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=13050949) compression shorts, and after less than 3 months of wear, a hole appeared at the leg seam. Both leg seams were falling apart. 
I'm thinking of buying a new pair of compression shorts. How do I prevent them from breaking down? Is there a certain way of washing them? Should I get a different brand/model? 



















 Best Buy is offering Lannister, Stark and Targaryen slipcovers for the season 3 blu-rays. I already have the Lannister slipcover from season 2. Should I get the Stark, Targaryen, or both? 




 I heard somewhere that Cersei killed Tommen. I read the last part of ADWD anticipating this scene.
 




 For me it was Quentyn Martell. I threw my Kindle across my bedroom when I read his death scene. I just sat in my bed crying, wishing that it wasn't true, that my Quenty Bear wasn't dead. It threw me into a deep depression for months, mourning the loss of the best character in ASOIAF. 









 I noticed DLC is still being released even after the Game of the Year Edition came out. I was going to get the GOTY edition, but not if an edition will all the DLC will come out in a few months. 


































 It has been written.  














 Same as beer pong but you fill the cups (same size as beer pong) completely full with Everclear. Has to be pure Everclear, 190 proof, no mixing it with juice, you have to chug it all down with no breaks, and no chaser. 














 Is so, why were you depressed? 



















 Is this some sort of inside joke? 









 there's nothing wrong with fapping. it's completely natural. grow up. 




 How long is a small penis?
How long is an average penis?
How long is a large penis?
Also, do you care about penis size? 




 I just started keto a week ago, and I have no stamina to do cardio. I am usually able to use the elliptical for 1-2 hours, but in the past week I can only do it for a few minutes. I still have enough energy to lift as much as I've been doing pre-keto, though. Is this just a symptom of the induction phase? If so, how long will it last?  




 They have like 25 grams of carbs...how is that keto-friendly? 




 Tired of bacon and eggs everyday. What do you eat for breakfast? 





























 *Sigh*

Father Magoo would rather not bother Himself with such trivialities. 




 My Son, what do you mean by "love"? 




 *Sigh*

Please, my Son, hold your tongue. You are speaking in the presence of a Father.

A Father Magoo.

...

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 *Sigh*

...

Yes, my Son. 




 200mg Ephedrine, 2 grams of caffiene, handful of aspirin pills.

So it is Written. 




 Put the knife down, my Son. This is not how you become a Magoo.

To answer your question, cut.  




 Thank you, my Son, for informing the Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men of this Atrocity. Father Magoo cannot keep all of His Children in line. It is too bad. I had high hopes that he would become a Magoo. 

*Sigh* 




 It warms My heart to see one of the Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets become a Man. My Son, might Father Magoo ask you a question?

...

That was just a courtesy; I'm not asking. What college are you going to, my Son? 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has found it in His heart to bless you with his Presence. You may ask Him anything. 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

 "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 cool 




 *Sigh*

Please, my Son, hold your tongue. You are speaking in the presence of a Father. 

A Father Magoo.

...

Father Magoo has spoken. 

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 Father Magoo would never do this. 




 Go straight up to her face and say, "I wanna fuck you like an animal." Then grab her shoulders firmly, lick her face, and whisper in her ear, "I wanna feel you from the inside." 




 wait what friends  




 Goddammit all to hell. I thought my Geralt would have a threesome with Triss and Yennifer, but they decided to chain him up and leave him. They will pay! 




 get off reddit and play them all right now

...

right now

...

OP if you're still there, I will know that you have defied The Father Magoo. 




 Buy The Witcher 3 or I'm not Father Magoo 




 Goat Simulator  




 no this is Father Magoo

duh 




 almost as funny as the crossdressing elf 




 right in the pussy. 




 "And so it was written that on the third day of the sixth month of the two-thousand and fifteenth year after the birth of some dude, Orlitoq shall not have partaken of the entertainment form known to many as Witcher 3."

wait what 




 This depresses me, my Son. You are better than this. 




 My Son...

*sigh*

Please stop with the bad language. It does not suit you, my Child. 




 My Son, that set of quotation marks should go after the period, not before.  




 become a tranny and strut your stuff in dem high heels

...

wait don't really do this
 




 "Of the games in the Witcher franchise, I have played the first, and second, but not yet have I played the latest."

wait what 




 Nothing can kill Father Magoo. Not even Himself. Do not worry, Children of the Garden of Men. 




 wait what 




 My Son, I am not fucking emo.

My Children, please do not follow this Broscientologist's advice. 




 My Son, do not question the Actions of the Father. 

The Father Magoo. 




 "Of the three Witcher games, not all have been played by me; specifically the most recent."

wait what
 




 I am Father Magoo. 

What do you think, my Son? 




 "I own the first and second Witcher games, but have not yet bought, or played, the third."

wait what
 









 "Game not played yet: Witcher 3."

wait what 




 look yourself directly in the mirror (make eye contact with your reflection), and slap yourself as hard as you can while maintaining eye contact (make sure to be shirtless). repeat until self-confidence is gained.

/thread 




 I mean it looks like you crashed it... 




 "The game Witcher 3, I have not yet played it."

wait what 




 Say: "I wanna fuck you like an animal. I wanna feel you from the inside." 

It'll work.

Trust me. 




 ...

um...

...

I...

I don't...

*cries silently* 




 "There is a game which I have not yet played. It is called Witcher 3."

wait what 




 "I have not played Witcher 3 yet"

wait what 




 cool 




 "Have not played the game"

wait what 




 no. buy buy buy. must sink all money on dlc. 




 lolwhut 




 lolwhut 




 I saw this exceptionally hot woman (easy 10) at Trader Joe's and I stopped walking and just stared. I wasn't trying to stare; it was like she put me in a trance. I could not stop staring, and I've had dreams about her every night since the sighting. Has something like this ever happened to you? How do I stop the dreams? 




 "Daddy, can I have some of that stuff?"

*sigh*

"Son, you really shouldn-"

"PLEASE!"

*sigh*

"Alright, son. Alright." 




 #420gainzs 









 he's obviously a novice. only advanced cutters should be cutting their lower body. he better not take his cutting hobby too fast or he just might hurt himself! 




 lolwhut 




 I heard it really doesn't have much of a story. That's why I'm asking. 




 I just bought The Handsome Collection for my Xbox One, and am wondering whether or not to buy and complete the original Borderlands for the 360 before Borderlands 2. Also, the "Pre-Sequel!" is the prequel to Borderlands 3, not 2, right? 









 Do you only get an ability point, or do other things happen also? 














 it's digital  




 yes, the game is tied to your account, so you can download it on any xbox. 




 ,let me know! and if you've liked this and you wanna see more, click right here to see more! 









 but mommy says I'm "special" 









 Wolfenstein: The Old Blood

I'm playing it on the hardest difficulty and I'm only at 25% completion 10 hours in.

If you haven't played The New Order yet, get the Wolfenstein bundle. 









 lmfao 




 IIFYM  




 yes, both Metro games and Wolfenstein The New Order and its prequel The Old Blood are very good 




 Yep, just went on this sub to see if anyone else was having this issue. 









 Looks like there's going to be a "Disappointed Grandma" meme... 




 Yes, you count net carbs. 




 wait, I didn't know there was such a thing as too much alcohol... 




 no... 




 I lift alone, and if I fail a rep, I count on some random guy to spot me. I have no friends. *cries silently*  




 most of my calories are from an 8 ounce block of sharp cheddar cheese 




 you really don't need any supplements. just eat at a calorie surplus and run a good novice routine like ICF 5x5 




 Hold on just give me a sec while I check my urination log... 




 Cut definitely   














 Alexei Fyodorovich Karamazov. AKA: Alyosha, Alyoshka, Alyoshenka, Alyoshechka, Alexeichik, Lyosha, and Lyoshenka.  









 Yeah I like short women. They make me feel tall. hehe 









 Thanks. I will. 190-proof Everclear is very tasty. But I will use a chaser, of course (151-proof Everclear). 




 Thanks. This really means a lot. I'm actually suffering from a very serious depression, and was just about to slam a bottle of Everclear with a bottle of psychiatric medication, but this post stopped me. Now I know I'm good at something. I can't thank you enough. You saved my life. I promise to continue to shitpost until the end of my days. Thanks again. 









 I really don't want to be leaking cum all day.

I'm really sorry, but I can't help but laugh. 




 okie dokie  




 lol 




 I used to really like the show, but season 3 was a chore to watch. I mean seriously, the big cliffhanger is Claire telling Francis, "I'm leaving you." If this is not a soap opera, I don't know what is. 




 lolwhut 




 The only difference between bulking and cutting is diet (and maybe a slightly lesser workload when cutting, but that's about it). 




 keto 




 EC, injecting Everclear, that's about it 




 so I don't have to inconvenience myself with taking them off for anything except deadlifts?  




 either face the wrath of your teacher and get a failing grade, or use your "sick" days to get your act together. those are really the only two ways of going about this. 









 The Brothers Karamazov 




 Then go to a state where it is legal.

Use 151-proof Everclear as your chaser. 




 Rich Piana is 100% natty. Anyone who says otherwise is just jealous.  




 Yes, Prozac is fine, but make sure to take the whole bottle at once with a fifth of Everclear for optimal effectiveness.  




 190-proof Everclear. Drink it all.
 



















 my Son must be Resurrected. 



















 srs 



















 or will uninstalling make me lose all my progress? 














 It is life changing! 














 How dare they!!!! 




 A woman at a grocery store smiled at me and raised her eyebrows. Does this mean she's attracted to me?
 




 Seriously, there is no gameplay to be found whatsoever. 









 yeah let's pretend Judgement doesn't exist 





























 well get it back. why get rid of a perfectly good console? 




 1. Dead or Alive 2

2. Dead or Alive 3

3. Dead or Alive 4

Dead or Alive 5 doesn't exist. It is not a real DOA game.  




 ok I'll rent Dark Souls 2. then you only have to worry about the pug shirt.  




 go to E3 




 if you buy me a copy of dark souls 2

also buy me a pug shirt. I wear a men's small. 




 buy reach 




 sadly I do not own a PS3 




 I bought Ground Zeroes for the Xbox One (way too short but pretty enjoyable). Is it worth it to buy Metal Gear Solid 2, 3 and Peace Walker? I am obviously new to the series and want to have some Metal Gear Solid background before The Phantom Pain is released. 




 Cool, but you're going to have to have it removed once Fallout stops being the "it" game. Replace it with one representing the new most popular game. repeat. you've got yourself a never-ending karma generator.  




 The Witcher 3 




 It seems you would enjoy The Wolf Among Us and Game of Thrones (if you're a fan of the show/books). 




 It's the "expansion pass," meaning you are able to buy all upcoming expansions now, and download them when they are released. 




 umm... no, it has not been released yet... 









 I can't wait! 




 only if you cut yourself really deeply. no pussy shit. but in the end it won't solve anything so *put the fucking knife down* 




 plot twist I'm a masochist. whip me, big boy. *rawr* 




 ..................*sobs* 




 my Son... violence is *never* the answer! this is *not* how you become a magoo! 




 ikr 




 Cease this insolence, my Son.  




 What do you mean, my Son? 




 I have a baby face. And I'm white, my Son. 




 srs. I'm doing ICF while fasted. no real gains yet 




 I am Father Magoo. AKA not a troll 




 That's Father Magoo to you, sonny. 




 Doge 




 no, but the one to the left of it is 




 100% Doge 




 Ok then, it is settled. I am fasting for at least 2 months. 




 So that I can be judged by my facial features.  




 Respect the Doge. 




 Dammit! So there is a chance that you think I am fat! I am cutting now! 




 I'm sorry, I just am very insecure.  




 Please be honest. No trolling. If just one person says I am fat, I will immediately start cutting. This is a very sensitive subject as I used to be obese and cut down until I was admitted to a mental hospital for anorexia. All I am asking is for you to be honest. I am uncomfortable taking my shirt off because I have loose skin.  














 Witcher 3

Witcher 3 Expansion Pass

Arkham Knight 




 I'm not saying I don't agree, but you have to respect the fact that the thread calls for only 6 games for whatever reason. 




 I recently bought that. Should I wait to play it until I finish Borderlands 2, or is it unnecessary to know the stories of the previous Borderlands games to appreciate the story of this game? 




 "I don't do the whole top X deal"

then don't post on a thread about "top X"

 




 The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; Halo MCC 




 Ok, good. Imlerith took me like 5 tries to defeat.  




 I feel like such a dumbass. 

How difficult is Eredin compared to Imlerith?
 




 ...oh

well I look like a complete idiot now. 

How difficult is Eredin compared to Imlerith?  




 They do not stop regenerating their health. It doesn't matter how long I spend fighting them; they always get back to nearly full health. What do I do? I'm at level 31 btw. Should I go back to my save before the On Thin Ice quest and level up/upgrade gear? 




 The Brothers Karamazov  




 My Daughter, penises come in different lengths, thicknesses, and colors. Obviously as you did not know this, you are young and innocent. Please leave this Forum, as I do not want your innocence ruined.   




 My Daughter, you cannot limit the Children of the Garden of Men to describe my Sons as a whole in merely five words. This is *not* how you become a Magoo. 




 not funny 




 "that's the cool motherfucker that has a prius. BUT I DOUBT IT."

pls dont hurt me. im an adidas guy too, richie. can we be friends?  




 where is Jeff Seld 




 Chess 




 My Son, every Man or Manlet in the Garden of Men and Manlets with disordered eating does not know that he indeed has an eating disorder. Stay safe, my Son. 




 2 wet seasons, 2 dry seasons. well, at least it's something. D 




 My Son, please seek help at the Temple of Magoo, for you have what is called in the Garden of Men an "eating disorder." Usually only my Daughters have this Condition, but that is irrelevant. Please seek help, my Child. 




 Not gonna lie, I'm a little hard right now.  




 Star Wars Battlefront 2 is on Xbox... 




 I bet there are brown horses in many games. 




 you have 2 inches on me 




 stop being an asshole. they're just fucking videogames. 




 but assassin's creed isn't cool right now, dude. if you posted a tattoo of Fallout 4 or The Witcher 3 on your forearm, you would have a chance at the front page. C'mon, get this removed, and get a tattoo pertaining to one of the "hip" games I mentioned. then once a new game come up that is the talk of the land, remove that old tattoo and get a new one. repeat. never-ending karma generator 




 goat simulator 




 is this a gaming subreddit
 




 The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; the Metro Bundle 




 Magoo Senior

The Witcher 3; Halo MCC; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein; Shadow of Mordor; Bordlands HC 




 The Witcher 3

duh 




 Ok, fair enough. I guess I mean't to ask, "Don't you hope Gears of War 4 reverts to the gameplay mechanics of the original trilogy rather than try to fix what isn't broken like People Can Fly did?" 




 It completely destroyed what made the other games so good. Now it's y to switch weapons? wtf? why are they trying to fix what isn't broken? and the campaign was awful. "30 seconds until next wave." What is this? Horde: story mode? 









 You've played Skyrim, right? Did you play all 4 previous Elder Scrolls games beforehand? 




 I'm tired of all the shit on the benches myself 




 I have a PhD in Broscience, so I will conclude that you should see an acutal medical doctor because you can't get a doctorate in Broscience. 




 I had high expectations for this game because I love DOA 2 through 4, but now it seems to have lost everything that made me enjoy those three classic fighting games. 




 Dead or Alive 4 




 cool 




 how evil 




 glad you have such high self-esteem  




 Pug Simulator

i dont care about goats, but pugs are cool. oh they're so adorable. i love pugs. i want to be one 




 but he didn't tell any jokes 




 ok well I have to do something, so I downvoted you. sorry 




 yes.  




 Ok, cool, you watch Game of Thrones and/or have read A Song of Ice and Fire. you are so awesome 




 wait prove that it's in boston. i dont believe you. after my wife cheated on me i dont believe anyone... sorry, i shouldnt tell you about my personal life. im going through a mi-life crisis 




 but i don't wanna 




 BUT HE DOESN'T KILL!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 I'm dying of laughter. 

no wait im not actually, please don't that that to heart 




 ok what happens when it is almost as expensive as the game? please finish your thought 




 I've noticed that not every quest gives you xp.  




 Yes, I have the ability to time travel. I have done my research by working out after masturbating, then going back in time and working out without masturbation. No significant difference other than the fact that penises shed moonlight when exposed to cats.  




 lolwhut
 




 wait are you really max payne 




 calm down, francis  




 I think so too 




 [This is my buddy's latest video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBP1d_KvOgk) 




 he's not fat right now. 









 no memes. 




 how do you know...

wait...

are u from the future

fuck im so high right now 




 Keep telling yourself that.  




 I know they harm children. When my son is naughty, I force him to play the Xbox. I don't know why, but he keeps getting naughtier and naughtier.  




 Wait, are you whipped too? 




 Witcher 3. My saying is: "When life gives you lemons, spend all waking hours playing The Witcher 3." 




 "lets me"

No offense, but you're seriously whipped. 




 Oh, he has a Youtube channel called "JuggernautFitnessTV" so that's why I thought you were a fan. 




 Quests that are at least six levels lower than yours won't grant xp 




 I sure as hell did. But now I'm having nightmares of crossdressing elves. FML 




 good to hear you follow the great Jason Blaha 




 But Planet Fitness is a joke. This changes nothing. 




 I'm afraid OP might actually take this seriously. 




 IIFYM 




 unless your diet is severely lacking in protein, there is no need for protein powder. 




 surprised it didn't go down more 




 When I grow a beard, I will never shave or trim! Never!  




 No. Please stop trolling. Jesus Christ, dude, grow the fuck up. 




 what 




 I'm being serious. I need to grow a beard. Time is running out. I must ascend to Gandalf the Blonde status. 




 Yes every male in my family has facial hair. 




 serious responses only. stop trolling. 




 So do you think I should just start the quest now? 









 I am playing on Death March and want to be able to prepare for this quest properly. I am level 31. The Imlerith boss fight was really frustrating. Is the Eredin boss fight even more difficult? 




 are you furious pete 




 My Son, I need more information.

...

Deadlift, Squat, Bench PRs, and of course your 8 rep max for the Facepull. Your height, weight, bfp. How many friends do you have? Do you have a girlfriend? Is your middle name "Max"? How many Daughters of the Realm of the Garden of Men have you seduced? What are your political views? How long is your penis? What are your favorite hobbies? Are you currently employed? Have you ever stepped foot in a Planet Fitness? Are you subscribed to Jason Blaha on Youtube? What are your top 12 favorite films? Favorite books? Television shows? Videogames? Are you a convicted pedophile? Do you live in a house or a boat? Natty? Favorite color? When did you first discover masturbation? Exact date. 

...

Some of these inquireies might seem irrelevent to the question at hand, but please bear with me. Lifting weights is mostly mental in the Realm of the Garden of Men. In order to help, I must get to know you. It's not as cut and dried as you think, believe it or not. It is a very intimate sport.  




 Stop this nonsense. 




 Pass the bong, my Son, for you must be smoking the Holy Grass if you cannot figure out why you should upvote Father Magoo. 




 My Daughter, thank you for asking Father Magoo this question. He will answer shortly.

...

*Sigh*

...

My, sweet, sweet Daughter, this will hurt, but you must part ways with this Fiend. Father Magoo has checked out his Case. 

It would be in your best interest to listen to Me. I promise you, he will *not* become a Magoo. 

Father Magoo has spoken. 




 My Son, Father Magoo does not have it in Him to turn down one of the Daughters of the Garden of Men. 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 My Son. 

...

Stop. 




 No. 




 My Son...

...

You have so many questions. I will NOT tell you how to succeed in this theft.  
























