









 Yes, no business, no moneys.  




 Plot twist, it IS your dad. 




 Yea, he is really getting downvoted to hell. 




 Yea, I work in the restaurant industry, tonight is going to be terrible. 




 Up next- tornado fries! 




 by Jack Handy 




 Definitely common on boardwalks as well. 




 The only available runningbacks that weren't kept (1st rounders anyway) are Jamaal Charles and Shady McCoy. I'm leaning towards Shady at this point, and grabbing a bigger name reciever with my second pick...thoughts? 




 Ugh still don't know yet. A Pete, Aaron Rodgers, (Aaron Hernandez lol) the more I think about it, the more I think Megatron might be taken. What else could I go for? I was thinking maybe CJ Spiller, but like I said, not sure who is being kept. Our commissioner is kind of lackluster this year with relaying information. 




 The kicker is that the guy with the very first pick has a hard-on for Tom Brady and is almost GUARANTEED to pick him. I'm looking at Megatron or Shady McCoy. Any thoughts?  




 Wow! It looks like when I play Kerbal Space Program drunk. 




 Who are you talking to that regards this game as the best ever, Rockstar employees? I have never heard of anyone calling GTA IV as the best game ever, or anything remotely close. 









 8 years ago, I used to sell weed. One day, me and Momma Dukes got into a bit of a tif, (I was 17 at the time, so the argument was pointless) and all of the sudden she says, "Ya know what?" and proceeds to walk up into my room, a few seconds later, comes walking down the steps with a quarter pound of weed I had in my room. She throws it at me and tells me, "There's no way you are smoking all of that bud!" (My Mom, 48 at the time, referring to my weed as "bud," was shocking enough, on top of the fact she found it) She then tells me she already called the cops..I walk upstairs and put the weed right back where I had it. I come back downstairs and my Mom let me sit in absolute fearfor about 10 minutes until she told me to get rid of it, I was a moron for doing it, and she didn't call the cops. That ten minutes, I thought I was fucked. 




 Reddit. 









 Makes sense, maybe I should devote more of my time to wasting it on Reddit... 




 Heard that. 




 Remember AOL? Young redditors don't. 




 It took me FIVE YEARS to get this song out of my head, ten years later, IT HAPPENS AGAIN!! DAMN YOU TO HELL, here's the most nostalgic upvote I've given so far. 




 I was expecting a math equation. Still, I'll take some boobs.  




 You're welcome good sir. Good day to you. I SAID GOOD DAY! 




 Sometimes I wonder...do some of these people READ comments before making a comment that is almost exactly like one made a few comments before...then I think...this is Reddit...so no. 




 How would I like my BLACK coffee? In a cup? Yea, don't just splash it on my face. 




 After reading everything, watching the video..I've come to realize that this guy is a total dickbag, and what he did was absolute garbage. I have no endearing things to say towards him, and I certainly hope he gets all 4 years in jail. What you did was help our government further their fight towards "owning," the internet entirely. Thanks asshole. (Oh, the people with the Guy Fawkes mask at his press conference, 100% serious? Wow.) 




 It wasn't the booze...it was a front wheel drive slowbalt ss that caused this :( 




 You're* 2 hours later, and we are just catching this? Somebody must pay. 




 Are you reading them all right before bed too? Terrible idea...but I can't stop.... 




 MCA from the Beastie Boys...only time I've ever been upset over a celebrity death. Guy was awesome, Beastie Boys are no more. :( 




 I see what you did there. 




 Fuck.  




 I have given up social networking for lent...I mainly use twitter and facebook, my girlfriend gave up pinterest and fb, as that is the only social networking she uses...we are still debating, should I have to give up Reddit too? 




 It's the smile.  




 Worked right out of high school as a cabinetmaker for 5 years. Realizing how depressed everyone in my trade was due to money and general unhappiness, I looked at myself and realized...time to face facts, I'm gonna encounter some shitty times if I go to school and work a shitty job...I'm now enrolled in school, on par for President's list, and loving every minute of it. (I am in school for computer networking) Quite a change, best decision I've ever made. 




 I can't upvote this enough. I believe this is a dream that all well-qualified, yet underpaid workers have. Good luck at your next job, hopefully better pay with less a-holes. 




 Such an awesome AMA! Never heard about  you before til now!! Cool to see you do a straight up, quick response AMA.  




 How did you know that producing edm was or you? What was the thing that just made it all click for you? Also, Philly soon? :) 




 Sexy...but the wrong place. 




 You guys are just plain cold with all these jokes. 




 I'm down voting because, why are we still talking about Kazaam?  




 Guess he is skipping all of the valuable advice from this thread and coming right from your intelligent idea.  
























 My job is great, but we are a 24/7 center so Sunday mornings get pretty slow. 









 I think I can, I think I can.... 




 Not many times where I wish I could whistle...right now is one of those times. 




 While I was a bartender/server, I had to work the day after my birthday. Now I had never gone out for my birthday, even at 21. I would always party at my parents house. So I underestimated the phrase- "Hey it's my birthday!" Needless to say, I got hammered. Woke up on a friends couch who proceeded to wake me up just to wake and bake and start drinking again, completely forgetting I had work in a few hours. About an hour and a half before my shift, I remembered. Oh no, this was not good. Got a ride home, showered...that's about all I could do. I got into work and immediately my co-workers were calling me out. They were all pretty cool so management was unaware. We ended up getting really busy in the afternoon, and I was holding the fort down great, I thought. Right before I leave, my General manager pulls me and and lays it out. "I don't know how you did it, but you did a great job today, and not one customer complained that you were fucked up while working." She proceeded to let me know to never do it again (obviously) and I went home with one of my best Sunday afternoons (Tip-wise) that I had ever had, oh, and a horrible hangover.

TL;DR: Bartended and Served drunk and high after my birthday, customers didn't know, manager did, made lots of money and no trouble. 




 Great answer. 




 Imagine if you were driving an older car that didn't tell you exactly how long you had left....THAT is nail-biting. 




 Pepper spray. Yes, I hate that person. 




 Ah yes, good ol' edit 634053...those were the days. 




 Really though? Take essentially an entire frontpage post and change Reddit to Buzzfeed? C'mon, try a little bit hard. 




 Oh no, he got some from Jenny and Carly, they were switching, remember? It was in edit 645234. 




 Cris Carter, Tim Brown, and Jerry Rice. 

Ryan Leaf could QB for that team. 




 Yes, you are. 




 Well that's a given. I do that everywhere that is 5+ minutes from my current house. 




 I have even more cautious optimism about this upcoming season! 




 Ah I've seen both sides, both have pros and cons. 




 That will definitely NOT annoy me. I am one of the few around this area that doesn't seem to be in a crazy rush to get to EVERYWHERE. That gets me kind of excited.  









 We are both Network engineers and make decent money. We are prepared for the typical move stuff, but don't know how to handle moving out of state. 









 The duck face.

I hate it so very, very much. 




 I hope at least .500. I think the off-season is extremely crucial this year more so than previous years. 




 This...I shouldn't have read this at work. Such a strong lady. I will be hugging my mom extra tight tonight. 




 A lady in front of me at the grocery store couldn't find her credit card in her wallet and started frantically calling her husband and panicking, so I picked up her grocery tab without second thought. She started crying and hugging me. She asked for my info to pay me back and I just told her to help another fellow stranger one day. 




 Any update on the CL guy??  




 This happened to me...twice. Not cool ladies. Stop that shit. 




 While I was sitting at work at my desk alone


Not one person in the office, nor the building


Silence surrounds me, broken only by keyboard taps


Occasionally the printer spools, or phone rings


This is a normal Tuesday night


Unfortunately, the normalcy ceases here


I hear ghastly noises


They slowly escalate


Paralyzing screams


Silence. 




 Heroin is legal in Portugal, and I heard that stuff is pretty addictive. 




 I would LOVE a custom intake manifold from you. That would look gorgeous. You do damn fine work my friend. 




 Dexter Morgan.  Even though it's his show, and you are supposed to love him, he technically is a villain because he's a serial killer...of historic proportions. I still love his character though. 




 Faggot. 














 Now introducing, an organized place for anything about Jenny....   /r/jennyisawhore 




 So this is my second year of doing Extra Life, because last year was so awesome I am even more excited this year. So I live around Reading, PA and I am good friends with someone who is allowing me to use the back room of his bar, for most of the marathon, so if anybody in the area of Reading, Pennsylvania, swing by Klinger's on Carsonia and come to the back room and hang out and play games for the cause!  




 45 minutes since last update...RIP OP :( 




 My dads brand new truck is totaled. Multiple friends have totaled vehicles, I'm also berks county with confirmation. Craziest thing I've ever seen. Glad I had a carport to cover under. 




 This is beautiful. 




 I think the important thing to look at here is that a lot of servers are struggling college students and although a lot of people would brush off 200 dollars, it would be a huge help to almost every server I know.  




 When my friend calls his significant other "woman," or some other disrespectful term. It's really not cool and you sound like an asshole doing it. They're engaged now... 




 Django Unchained 




 Yep, I had seen them in Philly earlier this week, it was an excellent show. 




 And the bear jumped in the ocean and yelled "That's racist!" 
























 You are correct in that it's not English... I think it's Swedish.  




 I wish I didn't listen to the recording. I don't know what nar could be, but mummel is a word to describe quiet, low-level speaking. There's gotta be a meaning behind the name narmummel... 




 #IDARB is an indie game on Xbox One :) 




 Seriously... 




 Vagina. 




 Button up and dress pants with slip on shoes.  I'm at work...and apparently will be uncomfortable for the rest of eternity. 




 Inglorious Basterds 




 The Colts, I am a huge Andrew Luck fan. He's legit. 




 Tom Brady. We get to watch Super Bowls that don't include the Patriots. The world is a better place. 




 RUDY! RUDY! RUDY! 




 Awesome!! Keep making killer tunes guys!! 




 My coworker's lunches. 




 He also probably thought- "Damn, Wolfgang Puck loves his gnocchi, he ate it SO fast!"  




 Donyell Marshall 




 Nope, it would be empty because everyone would be on the next reddit-esque site that has anonymity.  




 I hate asking such a cliche question, but my favorite responses always come from folks in the EDM genre. Do you do anything specific if you guys need a boost of inspiration or creativity for a new song? Also, can I get an autograph? You guys are awesome!!!  




 Dude, what the fuck? You're bleeding..but why isn't your blood red? Because I.... 




 Well...this isn't cool. I got murdered by Diablo. 




 Is there anything you refuse to eat?  




 What is more fun to work with, (attempting to not be biased towards your own show) The Kroll Show or The League? 














 I like to think that luck was on my side that day. Never again.  




 A beautiful, majestic picture of Super Mario in space from Super Mario Galaxy. 




 About tree fiddy. 




 Abigail Ratchford 




 Yea that's all I could really think of at work. Wow...there's a namedrop I (thankfully) forgot about. Yea...yea let's replace Wheatley with that scrub. NOW it's really bad. 




 Let me just rewind this tape here... 




 I try to not remember that. Those were some dark days. 




 He won't do a damn thing with a shit offensive line. He was ok, but had a solid front line. 




 I was actually planning on that next week lol 




 We were statistically the worst tackling team in 2014. That's not good. 




 Shit, forgot about him. 




 I really, really like this idea. I used to write stupid little short stories when I was about 13-16 and I just kinda stopped. Looks like I found my restarting point! 




 They were traded to the Raiders and forgot. I was pretty excited to see them in black and silver too. 




 Present, past, or both? 




 I could've added him to the exception list, but for what he was, it was sub-par. 




 It was like watching 12 year olds trying to tackle a college player...didn't happen. 




 QB: JaMarcus Russell

RB: Tyrone Wheatley

TE: David Ausberry

WR: Darius Heyward-Bey

WR: Doug Gabriel

2006 Season Offensive line

2014 Season Defense minus Charles Woodson and Khalil Mack

 




 Looking over the comments, I received a couple very good ideas. Now it's just doing them. 




 brb 




 Great ideas. Especially the last one. Thanks! 




 3 minutes later, I'm back on Reddit. 
























