































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 A thought experiment: put aside partisan rejection of the global scientific consensus and assume, just for grins, that the thousands of scientists who've studied this matter for almost two centuries are right: we are cooking the climate and we must quit fossil fuels within 30-40 years, or risk costs so catastrophic that no responsible person would tolerate dumping them on their children. Also assume that the leading economists studying this are correct in calculating that switching from fossil fuels to other energy sources will cost relatively little--about 1% or so of global GDP--so there is no question that the benefits far outweigh the costs.

How, as a conservative, would you then recommend we accomplish this fast transition off of fossil fuels? Carbon taxes? Carbon caps? Martial law? Make the Chinese pay for it all? What? 































































































































































































































































































































 Now that a [fossil free index exists](http://fossilfreeindexes.com/fossil-free-indexes-us/) and is outperforming the broader S P 500 over long time scales, why aren't the major fund houses offering such an index? Does anyone know of one?

This is actually one of the reasons I buy individual stocks: to cut out fossil fuels, given that all of the world's national scientific academies now agree that the burning them must soon end to avoid gigantic global economic and environmental risks, meaning that these companies stand to lose trillions in assets. 

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 When we stop *burning* fossil fuels, they'll be even cheaper and more available for other uses like medicines and plastics. 




 Article's content is about what happens if we *don't* stop using fossil fuels. And that's very scary indeed. 




 I invite anyone who thinks this is *not* a good idea to attend any trade show for investment professionals, and explore deals with some of the exhibitors. If, after that, you still think brokers and financial advisors have your best interests at heart, I have shares in an unobtanium mine to sell you.  




 The Interstate system's actual name is the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways, which says much about its original intent. It was a military road system from the outset, originally planned under General 'Blackjack' Pershing in 1922, and later built under Eisenhower. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstate_Highway_System 



















 Then there's [this guy](http://www.spokesman.com/stories/2015/feb/09/city-councilman-fagan-spreads-vaccine-conspiracy-s/). 

Conspiracy theorists muttering and drooling on basement keyboards are one thing, but when they get elected to city councils and appointed to health boards, we have a problem. 




 Simple: the positives of climate change are vastly outweighed by the negatives. That much we know. 

What we don't know is precisely how potentially horrendous the negatives are, but we know they are pretty damned awful, and they are already beginning to cost us. Unless we act soon, even midrange scenarios over just the next century likely result in the deaths of millions, a serious hit to the global economy and food supply, and rising warfare.

But don't take it from me. Read Hansen, Lynas, McKibben, Alley, Mann, Oreskes. Check out NASA Earth Observatory and Skepticalscience.com. Just beware of the fact that the fossil fuels industry is also secretly funding a bunch of crap science and misleading websites to confuse you. 




 Earnings for young college grads have been [declining for 15 years now](http://www.businessweek.com/the_thread/economicsunbound/archives/2009/09/earnings_of_you.html), even as college costs continue to climb.

For many, the only rationale for making that ruinous investment is that the alternative is [even worse.](http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Annual-Earnings-and-Employment-of-Men-with-Only-a-High-School-Diploma.png) 




  Meanwhile, nurses are millionares, welders buy their houses with cash, trim carpenters set their own pay, electricians charge more than lawyers, computer technicians make more than their management staff, and engineers have more job offers than they can shake a stick at.

You do realize that nurses generally have bachelor's or master's degrees, right? Meanwhile, most welders make around [$36K](http://www1.salary.com/Welder-I-Salary.html). Senior-level carpenters pull in [$48K](http://swz.salary.com/SalaryWizard/Carpenter-III-Salary-Details.aspx) on average. Etc.

The myth of boundless opportunities and princely pay for blue-collar work is a repeated trope these days, particularly on the political right, but it just isn't true. Sure, there are lucky exceptions, but they are far from the norm.

Meanwhile, colleges and universities are hardly limited to cranking out sanskrit philosophy majors. A third of grads have associate degrees, usually in the kinds of hard skills you suggest, while the top fields for bachelor's degrees include business, nursing, education, criminal justice, engineering and accounting, none of which are exactly impractical.  




  "Positions on climate change have become symbols of whose side you are on in a cultural conflict divorced from science."

Thanks to very clever public relations efforts by the fossil fuels industry over the past three decades, which have focused on turning climate opinions into a political litmus test. And we fell right into it.

In the US, this almost guarantees that no matter how much you know about the science, your opinions will be determined almost entirely by your age, gender, political tilt, religious affiliation, occupation, television preferences, and place of residence. 



 




 But there is no wage growth for those with less education. 




 Seattle is a beautiful, friendly city, and more affordable than any major city in California. Being divided by hills and water it's very much a city of neighborhoods, each with its own little shopping and nightlife district. A new light rail line runs south from downtown through some affordable but nice places like Columbia City. Elsewhere, the West Seattle Junction, North Ballard and Maple Leaf are also worth a look. Capitol Hill is the traditional gay district, and there are some lovely, fairly affordable neighborhoods to the east and south of its center at Broadway and Olive. The suburbs are generally wealthy to the east and west (across the waters), middle class up north and lower income to the south. 




 Two things:

 The fact that college grads still out-earn the less educated does not mean their earnings are rising; some of the delta is due to pay for the less educated falling. More and more of the "benefit" of a degree is to simply avoid slipping into that yawning pit of decline.

 Gender skews the data. Because they started from farther behind, women have made much greater gains in both education and income than men have over recent decades. The [picture for educated men](http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/02/22/rip-van-skillsgap/) isn't nearly so rosy. And, now that women have achieved parity with men in education, and near parity in income, we can expect their trend line to start resembling that of men.

 














 Get outside! Nothing deadens mood like a dark room on a dark day, especially if it keeps you from exercise. Speaking from experience here.

Go hiking with local clubs like the Mountaineers or Sierra Club. Some of the hikes are kid friendly. Check their websites for schedules. 

Join new-mom groups like PEPS, or get into a preschool co-op and meet other moms and kids.

Volunteer to do whatever outside activities you enjoy. Join in tree planting projects, trail work, clean-up projects. 

There's always church, too. And you needn't be religious to be an important part of church groups. Unitarians welcome all. 




 Avoid Centralia/Chehalis, which is a conservative town midway between Seattle and Portland. Also Longview and Mt. Vernon/Anacortes. And, surprisingly, Vancouver, WA, just across the Columbia from Portland, is a rather conservative enclave as well; it's where Portland-area conservatives move to dodge Oregon income tax.

Generally the most gay-friendly places are along the I-5 corridor about 70 miles in either direction from Seattle. The Seattle and Portland metros are very gay friendly and prosperous, as are Olympia and Bellingham. The northwest end of Tacoma is prosperous and progressive. Mountain towns like Leavenworth and Ellensburg have their attractions. To the east, Spokane is relatively tolerant and lovely. As anywhere in the US, rural areas and small industrial towns tend to be conservative and less tolerant, and many are economically depressed. 




 Most of the larger Cascade lakes would do: Lost, Olallie, Elk, Lava, Suttle, Diamond, Waldo, East, Paulina...and, if you haven't been to Crater Lake, that belongs at the top of the list. 

For quiet, swimmable lakeside camping, I prefer the central Oregon lakes that don't allow fast powerboats. Boat regs vary by lake, so check online. 














 A good article with an unforgivably childish headline. Yet another act of self sabotage by The Guardian. 




 It's not exactly news that the Republican Party opposes progressive taxation, nor that Krugman is partisan. But is he wrong about falling returns to education? 




 Yes, but but how is that due to the ACA? Seems to me that the ACA was more a response to the contractor economy than its cause.

As a consultant myself, I was thrilled to finally see affordable health insurance thanks to the ACA, but my industry's atomization into a million consultants and contractors predated the ACA by decades.  









 How so? 














 Fatburger isn't far from it. 









 In addition, the long fall in corporate tax rates has disproportionately benefitted wealthy shareholders while shifting those tax burdens to everyone else. 




 "First, they wanted my guns. Then my pickup truck. And now my steaks?"

(Grab some popcorn. This should be exciting.) 




 There is almost no free market competition in energy. Least of all in fossil fuels and nuclear. 




 Just as the Islamic State focuses on teaching the Koran and the Hadith, the sayings of Mohammed! 









 Meanwhile, both growing inequality and slowing productivity growth link directly to the growing share of economic activity consumed by the financial industry.

http://www.economist.com/blogs/buttonwood/2015/02/finance-sector-and-growth 




 "In America you'll get food to eat

Won't have to run through the jungle

And scuff up your feet

You'll just sing about Jesus and drink wine all day

It's great to be an American


"Ain't no lions or tigers

Ain't no mamba snake

Just the sweet watermelon and the buckwheat cake

Ev'rybody is as happy as a man can be

Climb aboard, little wog

Sail away with me" 




 Correction: single-walled railcars are *part* of the reason that Bakken oil trains explode. The other part is that Bakken oil isn't [stabilized before transport](https://www.facebook.com/BombTrainBuckStopsWithNorthDakota) because the North Dakota oil rush has outpaced construction of stabilization facilities there, which would remove the oil's most volatile compounds, and because the oil industry just doesn't want to spend the money to make this explosive oil safe to ship. 




 It's simple editing, really. Everything before 1865...out! The decades of native slaughter...out! The robber barons...out! The seizure of Hawaii...out! Vietnam and Iraq...out! Etcetera. 

Which, by my count leaves us with 1913, 1933-45, and possibly 2014. Who can't make a book out of that? 




 Two things: 

 *Any* rise this century will be back-loaded, with lower rises in the near term and much higher ones in later years.

 This is a high-end scenario. The researchers are simply saying that IPCC high-end forecasts are far too low. 




 That is just so unfair.  




 True. Kahneman's elephant and all that. However, it's not enough to simply say, "pay a little now or a lot later"; conservatives won't believe it.

This is about getting people to recognize their own capacity for evil, and there's nothing easy about that. 




 Conservative crowing about cheap flatscreen TVs aside, it's important to recognize that the material required to process data has shrunk to insignificance. Dematerialization is for real, and that's good news.

What's not so good is that people use the cost savings on each product to simply amass more products. 




 Cortical implants and synthetic biology, which may be entirely integrated. Very exciting.

Not so thrilling: hundreds of millions of redundant, technologically downscaled workers who will be *very* pissed if society tries to cut them out--and they'll have the tools to commit incredible mayhem. 




 Meh. Another libertarian attack on unions, and the only American unions left to attack are public employee unions.

Lissen folks, pensions still account for most employee benefits in most of the world, developed or developing. Americans have simply given them up to fund the private health care racket, but we are very definitely anomalous. The fact that public employees haven't been rooked the way private employees have been is no reason to hate them. We need more pensions, not less. 














 A wild guess: this was probably unpaid or low-paid, produced on the cheap by the PR guy, Berman, to attract oil company clientele.  




 Here's the Sourcewatch link: http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Big_Green_Radicals 





























 FDR also proposed a [100% tax on income above $25,000](http://flaglerlive.com/26685/gc-fdr-and-taxes/) per year (about $350,000 in today's dollars).   




 When it comes to nuclear waste, NIMBY attitudes are *always* the order of the day. I agree with you, but I certainly don't expect Nevada's leading representatives to like it. This is basically a question of secure storage at Yucca to end the insecure, inexcusable mess at Hanford. 




 And how does one sue a company that might have hired you but didn't because it automated the job or sent it to Vietnam? How does one sue a bank that bribed Congress to legalize reckless banking practices which then crashed the economy and cost you your job building houses, which then destroyed your marriage and your kids' college funds?

I think the comparison with the 19th century stands, with some adjustments for modernity. National laws are now minor obstacles for companies whose operations span sixty nations. Unionization is no longer much of a threat. Automation provides abundant and rapidly growing opportunities to bypass even highly skilled and professional labor.  




 Exactly. For many it's not only a cut: it's a chat, a personal interaction, a massage, some flattery, the sense that you're getting the talents of a certain pro. Pretty hard to replace that with software. 









 It gets better. As cities become increasingly dedicated to automated transport, traffic lights and traffic jams vanish. Travel smoothes, enabling travelers to be more productive in transit.  




 He had me right up to the last sentence...

And I think this future will have to happen because the only other alternative is an aggressive transfer of wealth from the rich to the poor by force of law. I dont see that happening.

 




 That was only slightly sarcastic. As large companies slash workforces and automation eliminates jobs, the opportunities left will be increasingly those that lend themselves to low-wage freelancing, personal services and esthetic expression, so... 




 Some headlines you just can't make up. 




 Think of it as the rise of Hairdressing Man. 





























 Libertarian voters frequently vote Republican but rarely Democrat. Libertarian candidates usually pull votes from Republican candidates but rarely from Democrats. 

Let's face it, libertarians are merely Republicans without Bibles. 





























 Learn something about survey design and get back to us.  




 Ignore them. They are children in a prison of their own making, screaming and throwing shit to spark a reaction.  




 They're the terrorist equivalent of online trolls; if their last statement wasn't obnoxious enough they'll raise the stakes to see if *that* gets a reaction.

My response follows accordingly: ignore the childish fucks. 




 As someone who has worked on market segmentation for a state lottery, I can confirm. Essentially, lotteries prey on desperation, and the best lottery customers are about what you'd expect. 









 Why all the downvotes for this?  




 The current situation is weird only relative to the past 90 years, half of which were the most horribly weird period in world history. Pikkety and Saez say that we are simply returning to normal, and Schilling has been voicing a similar tone for the past three decades. I only wish I had followed his investing advice for more than a fraction of that time. 




 Which is only barely higher than the share of global GDP going to fossil fuel subsidies.  




 The only trouble with defined contribution plans is that those who need them the most use them the least. Left to their own devices, most people simply *do not save enough to retire.* Never have and never will. Meanwhile, we're still part of the same rich country and we still have obligations to keep one another from destitution, so the effect of reliance on defined contribution plans is to simply dump employer responsibilities onto lower income taxpayers through the most regressive Federal tax we have. 




 Desal takes immense energy and money. 




 We won't be unemployed. We'll all stay incredibly busy selling sex and pizza to one another! 









 Being in California definitely helps. However, every market is different, and some have restrictive rules.  Best strategy is often to contact managers through their websites in the off season. 


































 Like many environmental activists, Heinberg is a climate pessimist. Like many economists, Krugman is a climate optimist. It's been an [ongoing dialogue](http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2011/02/climate_policy) for some time. 

However, the studies that Krugman cites are merely two of several similar. Other researchers like Nordhaus and McKinsey Global Institute also agree that decarbonization is rather cheap (for now). There are three keys to this view: 1) Around 40% of the actions taken to mitigate climate (energy-efficient building codes, etc.) will save money; 2) Reduced fossil fuel burning produces other benefits (lower health costs, etc.) that also save money; 3) Continuing economic growth over time will reduce the relative burden of mitigation costs.

I do take issue with Krugman's reluctance to endorse nuclear power, which is part of any sensible decarbonization scheme. Still, on the whole, decarbonization is very affordable. 




 To me, the piece reads as a strong call to action to act on GHGs as we have on other pollutants, knowing that the costs of doing so, as before, are likely to be far less than conservative industrial interests claim. 




 No reference to GHGs that I can see.  




 Part of the cost--the low cost--is assistance to poor countries in their transition to clean energy. That would be the Green Climate Fund along with numerous deals like those that appear to have been proposed between the U.S. and India three weeks ago, in which India may have received some trade promised in return for agreeing to expand solar, probably using American panels. 



















 http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/19/opinion/paul-krugman-could-fighting-global-warming-be-cheap-and-free.html?_r=0 




 They're smuggling crude in all directions, selling it at half the going price. 




  Would politicians really want to nuke other countries and face inevitable massive nuclear retaliation against their own country and people over something as petty as oil or bad weather?

Climate problems lead to food problems which lead to war. Witness the effects of 2010's droughts and floods on global wheat prices, and the knock-on effects of those triggering the Arab Spring wars ever since.

http://climatecrocks.com/2013/09/05/how-climate-change-primed-syria-for-war/ 




  they are probably their own biggest customer for the oil.

Not with all their refineries destroyed and their storage facilities under concerted attack.  




 Sorry, didn't mean to attack you. I rephrased my post. 

However, mere human laziness won't prevent solutions once the stakes are clear. This is cheap and easy to solve, and global agreements are enforceable as long as the planet's major economies work in concert, as they are beginning to do. Count me optimistic. 




 If the oil is all burned, the world very likely incinerates in economic collapse and near-certain thermonuclear war. 

If you want to kill yourself with tobacco, don't let me stop you. But no one has the right to kill me, my kids, my grandkids and destroy everything I hold dear due to some psychotic need to drive an oversized pickup to the office. 




 I suspect the Pontiff is well aware of the Kochs. 




 Jennifer Francis? She says much the same. The polar jets will continue to "lose their way" in steadily more dramatic fashion. It stands to reason that the subtropical jets will as well, although somewhat less so as their amplitude is milder. 




 Well, spring has come a month early in the West, but you'd probably arrive just in time for another of our record wildfire seasons!  




 We aren't talking about all pollution; only carbon pollution.  














 Sure, the generation LBJ referred to was our grandparents, but now we are starting to see the catastrophic results of those alterations, we have done precious little about them, and we know that the US and Europe must lead any solutions.  









 What does the supply of oil matter if most of it must be left in the ground? That is now the [agreed global scientific consensus](http://www.carbontracker.org/report/wasted-capital-and-stranded-assets/), and it changes *everything*. 




 Poor headline. There's no *could* about it. The study finds that carbon emissions *do* dramatically increase the risk of U.S. megadroughts. 









 Nice piece, and it's also fun to read Matthew Yglesias' criticizing Ezra Klein for criticizing *him*. 




 "Killing the messenger." It's how conservatives most often deflect criticism; on climate, food safety, health care, wages, you name it. 




 [Here](http://theenergycollective.com/eliashinckley/2181166/oil-prices-saudi-arabia-and-end-of-opec) is my favorite explanation of the recent price collapse: threatened with coming climate regulation, low-cost producers are liquidating their assets while they can, delaying competitive energy sources in the bargain. Along the way, they also accomplish the geopolitical goals of hobbling Iran's ability to build nukes and slapping Russia for its invasion of Ukraine. 

In short, peak oil is now a rather irrelevant concept. We'll have to leave most fossil fuel reserves in the ground. The Gulf countries know this, and they are trying to unload oil before it loses most of its value. This will take decades, so expect low prices to continue. 




  Corp taxes are mostly paid for by labor not capital.

Got a cite?

Yes, I'm well aware of ongoing discussion on the degree to which corp tax divides between labor and capital. However, putting aside the fact that nearly half of US corporate taxes are entirely *unpaid*,  the remainder probably fall most heavily on [shareholders](http://gatton.uky.edu/Faculty/hoytw/704/Harberger.pdf)--a trend increasing over time as production automates. Giving those shareholders a windfall with carbon tax offsets just means someone else has to make up the difference, and that someone else will be those who own the least stock, who also happen to be those with the lowest incomes. *Voila*, a massive shift of taxes from rich to poor. 

That tax shift is especially egregious when compared to the other possibilities for making a carbon tax revenue-neutral: fee-and-dividend, offsets against regressive payroll taxes, etc.. 




 No matter how many times they're [debunked](http://www.skepticalscience.com/OISM-Petition-Project.htm), lies just never die on the internet. 




 Given that so many of these science-denying opinion leaders are directly funded by the fossil fuels industry, can we just go with "whores"? 




  Going down the rabbit hole this seems to be the $409b number that originates with IEA for 2010

Could be mistaken, but I believe this comes from IEA Energy Outlook 2014. IEA EO 2013 specified $547b.

 Extreme weather events will rise in frequency in the future, they have not yet.

Frequency, no. Severity, yes.

 US imposes a $24/t tax on all production and import with 100% tax credit available against corp tax. 

Nice way to shift the tax system in favor of the wealthy. Let's go with fee-and-dividend instead, rebating carbon tax revenues to all with Alaska-style dividend checks. 

As for your proposed $24/t tax rate to cover the social cost of carbon, that's merely a starting point in a graduated scheme, correct? SCC is now credibly estimated by the US EPA at around $40/t and is nearly certain to rise. 




 Did anyone happen to notice that the sample for this claim is a handful of California universities? News flash: Berkeley leans left, really left! 




 In a cherry-picked sample of California universities. Shocking to hear that UC Berkeley and UC Santa Cruz have a liberal slant! I wonder where Humbolt State falls? 




 Fair enough. 

















































































































































































































































































































































































