 Take a break. 




 BURN.
Just because she did a little bit of psychology studies (emphasis on the little) doesn't mean she has the right to use it against you during every freaking argument. The stuff learned in high school psychology skims the mere surface of theories, anywho...  




 Bitch, fart, and pussy are not particularly good words to use around women. Especially girlfriends. 




 -slow clap- 




 New Jersey, USA style: No. We do no tan, drink, and do laundry for shits and giggles. Sorry guys. 




 I am currently enrolled in Holocaust studies at my college and if it has taught me one thing, it is that there will always be people who have either never heard of the Holocaust or simply refuse to believe it. Sometimes, governments are to blame or simply a person's family. There is also the location to consider, as well as the ages of those surveyed. Rural people will not "hear" as much as urban; younger do not know as much as the old.. blah blah. Still, this was an interesting read :-) 




 Elizabeth: dah fahk is this? 




 That is incredible. I hope you have an equally successful year AGAIN :-). 




 I suggest combing through your history (inside jokes, places you have gone/thing seen) and maybe using this material to customize your gift for her. Maybe search for a customized gift online relating to this stuff, like a bracelet with something cutesy she likes to hear from you every now and then.. small stuff goes a long way in relationships.
 




 Cold hot-water bottles.
 




 ~~the princess~~ ~~A NEW CASTLE~~ home insurance 
























 Reasonable fuck-up here. Don't take it to heart, I'd be thinking the same thing if I were you. 




 All the cool kids do it. 




 Everyone has one. Is it waking up alongside your SO, shooting up, having the perfect breakfast, smoking a cig, taking the time to put on your face, creeping on the neighbors, or maybe just listening to the outside world?  




 I was really young when my grandma died, maybe 5 or 6. My memories of her are brief (her love of cheetah fashion, Sunday morning breakfast) and after she passed away my dad was able to grab her perfume bottle. Sixteen years later, I can't help but to unscrew the top and simply smell the perfume dispenser. Everything about her floods my senses for that brief moment. 
I'm scared one day there will be nothing left, so I never spray it.  




 Cookie dough. 
 




 Wasabi-laced hot wings. 




 Definitely not sarcasm.. 




 Wait. Guys don't find that attractive?! 




 Why do females always need a bathroom buddy? I'm pretty sure if one falls into the toilet the other isn't gonna do much to save her. Rapists don't appear in toilets, just peaceful creeps. And lastly, if it's just to talk about dumb stuff -like if he ACTUALLY meant to brush his hand against hers when reaching for their drink then neither if them should be dating anyway. Go get a hobby instead. 




 Shards of glass sounds more appealing. 




 Dreams and screams?
Daddy Issues?  
























 There is a spider within 3 feet of you. All the time.
First time I read this I looked out the window afterwards and whaddya know.. spider. 




 Skyrim and Life is Beautiful.
Gotta kill me some Nazis while maintaining a generally optimistic attitude about shit gone wrong. 




 stealing money most days of the week as a cashier. My dad taught me not to be a rat. 




 This saddens me. 




 I think some elvish make up would do wonders. YouTube has some great tutorials. 




  I don't care much for how Muslim women are treated. Other than that, I've got no problems. 




 Nature produces many instruments of creativity.  




 Looking in the mirror; getting older.  




 My grandfather has Alzheimer's and sometimes I have to take care of him. I am 22 and my 76 year old Grandpop makes me so scarred to grow up, get old, and totally become a baby again. Helping him get undressed, eat, or even to get him outta bed is like having a gray-haired toddler who thinks he's the boss. Gotta love him, though! 
Sometimes, I get these scary visions of when my mom, future SO, or even myself will get like this and it just reminds me how scary time is.  




 A huge blown up picture of Jesus glued to the ceiling.  




 Youtube 'ASMR Haircuts' for other videos :-)
 
























