 Be nice to have another post on how to get a project licence and an institutional licence. 









 Should say, the post was written by a PhD student from Imperial University London 









 Many of these animals that PETA picks up don't get to the shelter. Around 1% of the animals are adopted ... most shelters have much better rates than this 




 They were doing this at the same time as protesting the death of one cat

http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/08/a-lesson-in-hypocrisy-as-peta-cries-foul-over-one-cats-death-while-secretly-killing-hundreds-more/ 




 They were doing this at the same time as protesting the death of a cat

http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/08/a-lesson-in-hypocrisy-as-peta-cries-foul-over-one-cats-death-while-secretly-killing-hundreds-more/ 




 Fair play - how come you don't agree with IVF 









 good news - the US seems to be folowing the UK in phasing out chimp research 









 Someone (same person?) did one on vaccines a while back 









 Absolute gold. I'll get out the bollinger 




 SR has a couple of goals. Standing up against illegal extremism (which represents only a very tiny minority of the AR movement - but one with a disproportional voice) and standing up against misinformation. The second action IS needed, as there is much distortion of the science. 

The slow down in medicine is happening. Only a few airlines will continue to transport primates - used for vital medical research (and only where other animals would not be suitable). This prevents some research going on, and raises the cost of research - reducing the amount of it.
Activists broke into Marshall breeding facility and took the animals. Raising the cost of research, reducing it.
Activists are protesting the movement of the AZ dogs - if they managed, AZ would simply end up breeding more, and having to put them through the same processes - this does not make "better" research, or "better" animal welfare.

Now, we need to be sure not to underestimate the importance of animal welfare. There are many working towards this. Some push is from the AR movement, some from the animal welfare movements (e.g. RSPCA), most is from the animal welfare officers within the labs. I had the job of looking round a lab the other day, and you should see the pride from the NACWO (Named animal care and welfare officer) of the primate lab discuss all the systems he has in place. The importance of diet, group housing, horizontal bars and viewing platforms in the enclosures, and mostly good training of the animals to reduce their environmental and handling stresses. 




 Brandon, thank you for your reply.

We are indeed all on the same side in both wishing for further medical advances and wishing for the continued development of alternative methods. The 3Rs, developed by two scientists in the 50s, have been the cornerstone of animal welfare - aiming for the refinement, replacement and reduction of animal research (something we should all agree on).
There are some promising technologies in the pipeline that should replace some bits of animal research (lung-on-a-chip is a more recent one), however there is no sign of technologies that can replace all of animal use for medical research, nor is there a sign that new areas won't continue to be developed with a need for animal use.

This link was aimed at informing people on both sides (it was also posted elsewhere) as to how projects are taken from being an idea to a study.

You are right when you say scientifically minded people should go with the best results, and then add a healthy dose of leaning against animal use. However, you cannot get a project approved if there are alternative methods available. In the UK that is checked by the Home Office, in the US it is checked by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee. 




 There is a lot of work in labs aimed at ensuring animal welfare remains high. 




 Would have thought deep brain stimulation would have said it all:
http://pro-test.org.uk/facts.php?lt=aa 









 It's essentially a trailer for an episode of BBC dispatches. There will be more footage on that. 









 You don't need to convince me off UKIP - I would never vote for them. Nonetheless, I agree with the workfare program - we have a terrible prison system with ridiculously high reoffending rates - something has to change. Japan probably moves too far away from human rights in its prison system (e.g. no conjugal visits destroys families), but there must be lessons we can learn from them.

Scrapping CPS, human rights etc - that's terrifying and one of the many reasons I would not vote UKIP. 




 I hasten to add that I am not a fan of UKIP, but I feel what was written above on prisons wasn't telling the whole story 




 With regards to inmates doing physical work, I don't think they have prison labour for military efforts in mind.
I'm not sure whether I agree with it, but Japan has very strict prisons, all inmates must work long days, and more importantly they have very, very low reoffending rates.
http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21572257-even-japanese-criminals-are-orderly-and-well-behaved-eastern-porridge 




 Good point 














 I confess under normal circumstances I loathe to link to the Mail. It's not high quality science writing, but the article was interesting and reasonably well explained and I've provided the original paper below for people's perusal. 




 For those who are asking for it - here is the original paper:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22654062 




 What the hell?!

1. Lib Dems are not a minority party (smallest of the 3 major parties)
2. The major vote wasn't split between Tories and Labour, Labour got almost no vote
3. If there was a straight run off between Tories and Lib Dems, the Lib Dems would have won it- they have much more support in the area 




 Good question - I guess the next stage of trials will work that out. 




 The veterinarian has rehomed the breeding dogs. The rest would not be suitable for rehoming on the decision of the vet.

It would also mean the same beagles would just have to be bred again in the UK - which is against the idea of reduction of animal research. 














 Would you rather own bank or charing cross branch? 
























 hopefully 









 Government's still borrow when in surplus if cheap credit is available. Also, money comes at certain points in the year (when taxes are due) so they often borrow at one point in the year and repay later on. 




 There are two potential risks (I won't say they will or won't happen because economics is unpredictably complex much of the time).

- Firstly, a fast rise in government spending involves the government borrowing from abroad and from markets. Essentially this can absorb all the available cheap credit which really need to go to firms - so firms have little money to invest. This is called "crowding out" of investment.

- Secondly, deficit's must have a credible repayment plan. If you don't then the markets lose  faith and your borrowing rates skyrocket - this results in huge chunks of money going into repayment each year. This is what happened to Greece and Italy last year (and almost France). Compared with the UK, which in its tight-fisted austerity, maintained market trust for repayment, so credit remained cheap. This credibility not only affects governments, but can have a knock on effect to bank and company borrowing. 




 You should absolutely take account of the authors interest, but unless you can criticise what he says, that's not enough to dismiss it. 

The author accepts the findings of the original paper, but suggests that the NYT article overstates what is contained in the sources. 




 BUAV argue the government promised to reduce animal research - what was meant was within the principle of the 3Rs.

There has been huge increases in expenditure on alternatives - most obviously seen by the fact that money into biomedicine has gone much much faster than the use of animals (thus most money is going into non-animal methods). 




 Yup! 




 Also worth noting that arbitrary reduction of animal research across the board (rather than individual experiments) is that it just pushes it overseas 









 Little bit sweeping. Some vegans (at best - most seem to just prefer to say companion animal and then treat them like a pet). 

Anyhow, you're dodging the question. Let me go another way - Do you get rid of a threadworm infection? 




 It's important not to exagerrate what the original paper actually says (which the NYT headline does) - see a rebuttal here: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/ 




 It's important not to exaggerate what the original paper actually says (which the NYT headline does) - see a rebuttal here: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/ 




 Nature had an article today about the use of GM mice:
http://www.nature.com/news/proteins-behind-mad-cow-disease-also-help-brain-to-develop-1.12428 




 Here is a link to the original NYT article:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/12/science/testing-of-some-deadly-diseases-on-mice-mislead-report-says.html 









 You can catch it from your dog - so the hypothetical remains 




 WHat do you do if you get a tapeworm?  




 Fortunately cosmetic testing is banned in the UK 









 Full original paper:
http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/55/6/1546.long
(sourced in text as well) 









 Zeus wants him dead - we all saw the thunderbolt 




 The USDA inspected the facility and found no wrong doing 




 I never thought that an English breakfast might not translate 




 That film is 30 years old... 









 I thought that was people using apple headphones... 




 I understand that, but sometimes it seems a little "tacked on". The "it's unethical, and even if it was ethical it doesn't work".

However, the scientific arguments against animal research just don't seem to add up - as many of the debunked articles in the link above 




 Hmmm, seems like the counter to the "33 facts of vivisection" ... still a few more to debunk 




 Then this discussion should hold no interest for you. Prof. Lovell-Badge's article was meant to dispute those activists who were misusing that statistic for their own argument. You were not.  




 It's a scary world when activists can hold medicine to ransom. 




 In Full: bacon, sausages, bakes beans (with mini sausages in), mushrooms, cheese and scrambled eggs 









 all drugs must be tested on animals - so difficult to find 




 They use the first argument a lot - the statistic is often quoted as "92%". The latter stat could never be tested, it would be unethical to give a treatment which killed animals to humans. 




 The UK has had a ban for years, Europe has just fallen suit. Hopefully the US will settle on a set of alternative tests that will satisfy regulators (they are getting there). It does make it difficult to use novel chemicals in new cosmetics, but honestly, we don't need new lipsticks at the cost of animals. 

I support animal research for medicine, but I'm all for dumping both cosmetic testing and the LD50 tests (who cares about the dosage that kills 50% of mice - The LD10 would show a dosage that's too high). 




 no data - it would unethical to move forward a drug shown to be dangerous in animals 




 read the post - the 9/10 refers to a specific "fact" 




 To my mind negative rights always entail a duty. My right to life entails a duty not to kill, and so does yours - the result is that neither of us kills one another. When it comes to those who can't think for themselves, such as babies, society deems it right to extend that right as they have the potential to fulfill their duty later on. Similarly, those in a vegatative state have a potential to get better. 

An animal will never be able to understand the duties entailed by their rights. 




 cosmetic testing is banned in the UK - which is a good thing 




 Of which 17% turn out to be precisely true upon review 




 The TGN1412 disaster has been the only situation where anyone has even nearly died in Stage I clinical trials that I can name. 




 dfgb - go and google "Drug Monkey" and "anti-vaccination" and you will have all the science debunking your claims written clearly and scientifically. 









 Ah, in the situation of rights-duties, the word "duty" has a rather grander meaning than in casual conversations. 




 A human cannot appeal to its rights when dealing with another animals - the other animal doesn't understand. Rights exist to mediate human-to-human interaction - it is meaningless across species.

Rights are an expansion of the golden rule - if you don't do this to me, I won't do it to you.  




 It's amazing seeing the improvements in mouse models in the field of neuroscience 




 Children DO have a right to education, thus the state has a DUTY to provide it.

Responsibility is an alternative to rights. So a painting of the Mona Lisa has, itself, no rights - nonetheless society deems we have responsibility to look after it. 









 I disagree, it is there to mock this idea that animal research is some terrible cruelty when the reality is that it is tightly regulated and far more humane than anything that goes on in nature.

If it is about how we expect humans to act towards animals then it is a responsibility not a right - rights entail duties which an animal cannot carry out. 




 Is there a shorthand for saying that? Do I use [OC]? Still new to Reddit 









 I suppose that's a small advantage to this mass bird-kill 









 Thanks for the support - it's great to see scientists, veterinarians and technicians start to speak up on this complex issue. 




 You'll note that deaths in Stage I clinical trials are almost unheard of. Certainly no deaths in the UK for the past 30 years and only one major incident (TGN1412). So animal research remains a crucial step to protecting people.

Secondly, most animal research is not for testing drugs, it is for developing drugs and in that stage it is crucial. You can't cut up a human to see how a disease is spreading or how it works. How would you get a breakthrough medicine like the HPV vaccine (against cervical cancer) which is originally a mouse protein - without the use of animals? 



















 Why? It's a fun way of looking at the scientific debunking of many animal rights claims 




 i see it 
























 I can't speak for TFA, but it's UK-version Teach First, found that its teachers on average remained in teaching slightly longer than those who had taken a traditional route to teaching (there is a very high rate of teachers quitting on conventional training as well). 



















 More from the government: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/212610/spanimals12.pdf  









 I do think that you can't hide a brutality behind a religious veil. If it's unnecessarily brutal, it should be banned.  









 London, I have to go to Hull in a couple of months for work ... yayz.. 



















 Amazeballs! 




 Original article: http://www.buzzfeed.com/donnad/russian-scientists-build-monument-to-honor-lab-rats 














 You seem to be overlooking the simple fact that DINOSAURS ARE WEARING HATS 














 I think it would have to be consistent with equivalent film ratings 





























 true - I just wish PETA didn't influence so many young minds 




 Doesn't surprise me given all their lettuce ladies stunts. 









 The depressing game is here: http://features.peta.org/cage-fight-mma-game/

The article is about why PETA have a very poor understanding of the average research lab 




 Here is the whole article: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/06/13/petas-mixed-martial-assault-on-scientists/ 














 Age of Empires 









 Hmm, not sure - possibly promotes grafitti 




 I used to ask students to take notes on 4 pages of a textbook in 10 minutes.
After 10 minutes they must close the text book and use their notes to answer some questions.
Then I would give some notes I took which are "model notes" so they can see how to write briefly but clearly. 




 NQT is still regarded as a training year where certain things are expected of you, so the term is used enough to need the acronym 




 Total number of lego bricks divided by total population 









 Nice story 




 Activists have been breaking into anial labs and stealing animals. Politicians seem reluctant to step in, instead moving science policy away from animal research. Researchers had a rally to try and explain to the public the importance of such research. 

Pro-Test Italia ran the rally on a shoestring rally, and from what I've spoken to them, received no money from any pharmaceutical or university 









 This one?
http://www.swaebr.org/images/23YearsPoster_lg.jpg 




 Good story! 




 Nature also did a brief summary of the rally (and I got name dropped, yay!)
http://www.nature.com/news/italian-scientists-fight-back-on-animal-testing-1.13116 




 Didn't Lord Prof Winston suggest labelling all medicine (in the UK) with "has been tested on animals". 




 Some context here: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/06/03/pro-test-italia-stands-up-to-animal-rights-activists/ 









 Orginal Study : doi:10.1038/nm.3181 



















 It's derived from Crowley's paper stating only 0.004% of research has clinical use. 




 So parents who are more skeptical of modern medicine are also more skeptical of all proper medicine? No surprise. 




 True. Here's an online version of Crick and Watson: http://www.nature.com/nature/dna50/watsoncrick.pdf 




 Is there a similar paper that's more recent? 




 Prof Lovell Badge has done other great debunkings of these sort of statistical myths:
http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/01/23/nine-out-of-ten-statistics-are-taken-out-of-context/ 









 Original Paper: http://www.cell.com/abstract/S0092-8674%2813%2900571-0 









 So people like Andrew Wakefield should be able to make up stats to put in the discussion about the benefits of vaccination? Those falsehoods killed people. 














 It's another myth that's done its rounds - so definitely right to be skeptical 














 That is a ridiculous video. It takes footage from what looks to be 30-40 years ago. The video says clinical investigation is "the ONLY valid kind" - how exactly are you going to discover the patterns of disease, or which treatment works without clear large number of very similar patients and control groups (so as to have scientific rigour).

"Any disease which is provoked is unlike any disease which arrives spontaneously". WHAT?! We have treated many diseases successfully by creating models - that is the principle of biological science.

There are so many factual errors throughout that video 




 Their claim personalised medicine will replace animal experiments
Their claim that animal research is non-predictive
Their claim that human and veterinary medicine are unconnected

All pseudoscientific nonsense, and the post deals with most of those points. 




 The mouse study is interesting. It does show significant failings of mouse models for three conditions. It's a good peer reviewed paper. 
Note the paper doesn't suggest to stop using animals, it says we need to improve the models. Read this specific reply to the paper in question:
http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/ 




 teklord - you should visit a lab. They are not like the 70s videos you watch online. They are not tortured, research is always done under anaesthetic unless there is a VERY clear reason why this shouldn't be the case (usually because the procedure itself is milder than the anaesthetic injection, such as a blood draw or a breeding experiment).

And what is a failed experiment? If something doesn't work, you learn something, modify your actions, and try again.

In terms of enslaving humans you should read this: http://speakingofresearch.com/2011/12/06/the-gorgons-visit-earth/ 









 The article you sight shows limitations of some animal models - it also suggests these models are improved not binned. See this article: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/ 




 The computer models generally come from the animals. When computer models improve it is because of animal research - so they are unlikely to replace animal models but rather to complement it.

No model is perfect (I am not a perfect biological model for you), but we use a variety of techniques in tandem (including in vitro, computer models, DNA chips, human skin cells, (etc) AND animal models) to get the best results. 




 Also note that Vioxx passed human clinical trials to show it was safe. Yes it passed animal trials (which were much smaller than the subsequent human trials which is why they were less likely to show the side effect which affected around 1 in 400 patients), but it also passed human trials. It is the exception to the rule where a dangerous drug makes it through all tests (incidentally these would have included in vitro and computer models). 




 What on earth makes you think most are killed instantly. A mouse might be hit by a stone knocked by a thresher, or might get just its leg hit by the blade. It crawls underground and waits to die - no anaesthetic (mandatory unless special reasons not to in most western labs), no food, no water, no safety 




 The original papers dealing with aspirin and birth defects rabbits involved huge overdoses of aspirin to rabbits (1). The same is likely to be the same with humans (humans can certainly overdose on aspirin), with some anecdotal evidence (2), but large scale studies would not be ethical.

1) Suwa T, Urano H, Kohno Y, Suzuki A, Amano T. Comparative studies on the gastrointestinal lesions caused by several nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents in ratsAgents Actions. 1987 Jun;21(1-2):167-72. PubMed 349831
2) Corby DG. Aspirin in pregnancy: maternal and fetal effects. Pediatrics. 1978 Nov;62(5 Pt 2 Suppl):930-7. PubMed 364401 





























 It isn't the only incident in Italy - they've broken into breeding facilities and harassed pharmaceuticals as well
http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/04/24/european-storm-clouds-gather-over-italy/ 




 develop a leaping penguin logo then 




 Blame the bodyshop - they keep saying "we don't test on animals" so people assume everyone else does 




 Two related articles:
http://www.nature.com/news/animal-rights-activists-wreak-havoc-in-milan-laboratory-1.12847
http://www.understandinganimalresearch.org.uk/news/2013/04/animal-rights-extremists-wreck-milan-laboratory/ 









 The article isn't an argument for animal research - it was never intentioned as such - this is why it doesn't have any arguments for research in it. It's about the relationship between animal-use movements.

In regards to your argument:
- No billions of animals are not bought yearly. It is likely to number about 100 million (that's the estimate from animal rights groups). 
- I can't talk for research in lesser developed countries, but in the US and EU research can only take place when the researcher can show there was no other method that would work and that the benefit outweighs the cost - so not "pointless experimentation". 
- Our genetic differences are far overwhelmed by our genetic similarities. This can be even closer when you look at genetically modified mice which have humanised genes. You should also note that humans are not genetically identical (far from it) yet you would not argue that human tests work. 
- Human skin cultures are a brilliant development and are widely used - but cannot tell you about how organs react, or how drugs move through the body, or their mechanisms of action - they are limited and are used alongside animal experiments. 




 Full link: http://speakingofresearch.com/2012/12/17/brain-machine-interface-success-allows-paralysed-woman-to-feed-herself-for-first-time-in-a-decade/ 



















 What a skewed title here. All they say is that 9% use animals from the same litter. They point out this would be better. So 91% could have potential flaws, that doesn't mean 91% of studies are flawed. 




 Anyone know more about the research on horses? 




 how so? 









 The difference being that continuing to use the product of knowledge from the holocaust doesn't perpetuate such research. Continuing to use the benefits of animal research does. 









 More from the BBC http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-21958361 




 Apparently the method they used to improve the vaccine might be relevant to the polio vaccine 





























  or better dexterit

Might try that. I de-set the kit a few weeks back, it's cased up and waiting to be set up in my new house (will be re-skinning as well). The Zil-Bel I might return to putting it on top of the china (felt, china, felt, zil-bel, felt, wingnut). 

I have a pearl icon rack in the picture, but too many things to rack everything (it already carried the four high toms and most of the cymbals). 

You're correct on the china - I only use the tip on the right hand one. I could invert the left one, not sure if there is much advantage though.

 




 The bass drum of my Roland TD-8 has become quite unresponsive sometimes - any tips for making it work properly again? 




 Remember flams are ultimately used for accent. Little things like "bass-bass-flam" work well inside longer fills. Or starting fills around the tom's on a flam (or ending on one).  




 Total agreement here. I haven't gigged in a few years - so the kit has grown. If I got a band back together (which I intend to do now I'm building myself a music room in my basement) then I'll probably go down to 3 toms, 2-3 crashes, ride, hi-hats, snare and bass drum. 




 Would like to get a picollo snare for the left of the hi-hat 




 A bit of it is perspective. The four crashes are almost touching each other. Their height is eye level, which suits me well. Perhaps this picture will make it a bit easier to see:
http://i.imgur.com/mll48ib.jpg
The smallest roto-tom is awfully positioned, but it was either keep it there and balance the other two, or just remove it - it doesn't get in the way even if it is almost untouchable. Agree with your point though.

12" drum is perspective again, you could almost put a ruler along the top three toms and it would lie on all the skins. 

China's are actually the normal way round - but many people prefer them upside down. I don't - since I often play them with the stick tip in the middle. 
Floor tom's are touching, but there is a cramping issue which is why the 16" tom is a little too far to the right for comfort. 

Appreciate the thoughts though. 




 Hehe, I bought some Quick beats a few years back and sold them within a week. I do like my New Beats - had them for about 10 years. 




 Perhaps buy better sticks. Otherwise watch the technique. Swipe the cymbals rather than "slapping" them. Let your fingers and wrists bounce your strikes off your skins (and don't angle the drums to sharply). Go for accuracy on rimshots not power (i.e. to hit rim and skin perfectly together) 




 It's probably the cymbals I'm most careful with. I used to invert the 14" China, but changed back a while ago.  




 When I've played small venues I've been loud enough to hear over the band un miced
If I've played a bigger venue they've tended to mic the drumkit out of course. 
You can play loud without breaking sticks. Hitting cymbals in a swiping motion, keeping hands and wrists supple on skins, and going for accuracy rather than power in your rim shots. 
If you hit the kit too loud you'll just dull the sound of the drums/cymbals. 




 Good technique, particularly on cymbals, and you can get a big noise without damaging your sticks. Saves money too. 




 Yeah I like to have it so I can use the tip or shaft of my sticks. I've only broken one stick in 15 years of playing.  




 The 16" Tom is in an awkward position. If I'm running round the tom's or playing I tend to turn towards it, but I use the 14" floor tom much more.

The small roto-tom is the only thing there almost impossible to hit due to the hi-hat rod. I keep it on the kit to help balance the bigger roto-tom on the bar that holds all 3. I need to find a solution to that. 




 Reuploaded and deleted old one since photobucket is rubbish and won't allow full size image links - used IMGR 









 Steep angles tend to result in dented heads and worse resonance 














 Here is a clip of the beat: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZX72C2MTRE

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v108/londonprophet/Dislocatedday.jpg is my best guess 




 I would only ever recommend Roland V-drums (having played both Roland and Yamaha). 
They also need to be a "high enough" series of V-drums to have the mesh pads on all drums. 




 Don't play too loud and have fun 




 K's are darker, A's are brighter, but every cymbal (even identical make and models) can be slightly different.

I prefer the A Customs, but I used  mix of A, K, and A Custom (I think I prefer the A's the most). 



















 Science communication 




 Moreover. Teachers are underpaid. Overworked. And the government in the UK is constantly berating them accusing them of not working hard enough. They are regarded as mid-level jobs. Why should top students be teachers as we set the system up now? 




 I quit teaching after 3 years (I came in through Teach First, the UK's version of Teach For America). I don't regret doing it, but my entire life became about teaching. 

Now i get paid more and have more time to do other things i enjoy 




 I'm not sure about responsible people, but some people who aren't PETA 



















 Was surprised this hadn't been posted already 





























 Fair argument 














 Shouldn't doesn't imply moral reasoning. 
Britain shouldn't keep pumping pollutants into the atmosphere

If the reason we should or should not do something is scientific in nature, then the argument is not necessarily a moral one. 









 
Baby: http://www.nature.com/news/grafted-ovaries-lead-to-successful-pregnancy-1.13845
Glands: http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn24303-mice-get-replacement-glands-grown-from-scratch.html#.Uk6UpYYm3hd
Chemotherapy: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-24346541
Stem cells: http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn24315-neural-stem-cells-pulled-from-rats-brain-using-magnet.html#.Uk6RRoYm3hd
Jetlag: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/body-clock-reset-button-discovered-by-scientists-8858326.html
Botox: http://sciencenordic.com/gastric-injections-botox-might-curb-obesity 






















































 My uncle persists in believing ID. He attacks the gaps in Darwin's tree of life (despite the fact many of those gaps have been filled since Darwin and the tree itself has changed), and has now cottoned on to the arguments of Stephen Meyer. I wanted to send him TWO very good links that would help debunk the common arguments of ID proponents and provide a good show of evidence supporting evolution. 









 Who is the other dude? 





























 - Spend a lot of time analysing background data
- Get all the walls neatened up with displays 




 The Italians have gone off the rails on science issues lately - they just introduced legislation banning breeding animals for research
http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/08/02/a-bad-week-for-medical-research-in-italy-but-science-is-fighting-back/ 




 The Basel Declaration had some pretty interesting papers on suggestions for improving transparency of research:
http://www.basel-declaration.org/basel-declaration/improving-the-publication-standards-of-research-involving-animals/

http://www.basel-declaration.org/basel-declaration/open-access-to-maximize-the-value-of-animal-research/ 














 Likely to be very nice. Polite kids. I expect the department will have clear resources. 
FYI - Private schools are often called Independent or Public schools over here 









 What's the school - what area is it in - Britain is a very diverse place.

Read the National Strategy for KS3 English. 









 Chemistry at Oxford 




 Torture is a ridiculous dramatisation of animal research. The laws are far stricter than pet ownership, farm animals, or almost any other industry bar nuclear weaponry.
Anaesthetics must be used to reduce suffering wherever possible. Alternatives must be used where viable.  




 Read the opening to the article - it echos that sentiment 









 Here is the ridiculous EDM: http://www.parliament.uk/edm/2013-14/263 


































 According to The Times article, the drug Cisplatin (who anti-tumour properties were discovered in mice) 
























 Good question 




 It comes from Taiwan's animated news network NMA. 














 The stats are not remotely related. It's like saying that First year TFA turnover is close to 0%.

Find the stats for retention of teachers after their first two years in a single school and you'll probably find it remarkably similar to the TFA. Lots of teachers want to move on after 2-3 years to find another school with new challenges.  




 Certainly graduating from an Ivy league doesn't automatically make you a better/worse teacher - but these are top graduates who have got into top schools and these kids can benefit from that. 

First year TFA teachers are ill equipped to go into the classroom, nonetheless studies in Louisana showed TFA'ers were "statistically significantly more effective":
http://www.nctq.org/docs/TFA_Louisiana_study.PDF
There are various other state studies as well. 

Now you point out cost, which is an issue - especially when long standing teachers experience is sorely needed (and as noted, TFA'ers often have lower retention). I do think some schools do pick TFA'ers as a cheap option. 














 Can you evidence the idea that 86% (100-14) of new traditional teachers stay at their initial placement for more than 2 years. That stat wasn't in the link you provided. 

Also, there is higher turnover at high poverty schools where TFA'ers go. 




 Why wouldn't we want the most able students to go into teaching? They weren't going so much by traditional routes. 




 When I started, around 60-90 hours

Before I quit it was more like 40-60 




 The evidence that the Swedish model is not all it was cracked up to be is making Michael Gove (Education Sec) follow the Singaporean system. This is a bad move. If there was a model to follow it is the Finnish, who don't test their students until 18 




 The UK has its own TFA program called Teach First. Occasionally it's attacked, however it's very popular with senior politicians.  
























