









































































































































































 Do you? 







































 I'll start. Vegans. Yes, their air of superiority annoys me as much as anybody else, but it's earned! I know the horrors of how factory farms treat their animals, and I know it's wrong. I know I could help by ceasing to be a costumer, but being vegan is too difficult an undertaking for me. It's the right thing to do, but even knowing what I know, I can't make that commitment. So Reddit... who's better than you? 











































































































































 Because, you know... context. 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 This is sort of a USA question (it's Memorial Day weekend here), but anyone is welcome to join in and represent their own country: if politicians were required by law to have served in the military in order to be eligible for office, do you think there would be more war, or less? Why?

I know in some countries, all men are required to serve. 

























































































 Here's a pro-Christian story for you. I drained our bank account today to do laundry and go grocery shopping. I was thirty-something dollars short at the register and the nice, old, Christian couple behind me said that Jesus implores them to help me and my daughter. I thanked them about a hundred times and all they said was "bless you" in return. Some of my faith in humanity has been restored :-)

I'm an atheist and I have been most of my life, and believe me, I know all about the evils of religion and the harm it's caused throughout history and today, but we have to be willing to give credit where credit is due. 

Yes, I know it would've been better if they'd done it out of their own personal goodness instead of what Jesus would have them do, but regardless, it was a nice thing to do, and I am grateful.

TL;DR - Christian couple pays the balance for my groceries and I, as an atheist, am delighted. 





























 January 17, 2012

 

 

 

Dear Christopher,

 

Knowing your concern regarding the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), I wanted to take this opportunity to update you on my position regarding this legislation.  I have appreciated having the benefit of your thoughts on this important issue.

 

H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act was introduced by Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) on October 26, 2011.  It has been referred to the House Judiciary Committee. The primary purpose of SOPA is to stop the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites. 

 

Although well intentioned, many have raised legitimate concerns regarding the legislation and believe the manner in which SOPA attempts to achieve its goals of stopping the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites is unworkable and includes many unintended and dangerous consequences. I am writing today to inform you that I have severe reservations with the legislation in its current form.

One of the main issues regarding SOPA, is it would force Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to websites that have been accused of facilitating copyright infringement.  Blocking access will likely slow down internet connectivity, while eroding the necessary trust the system needs. It would also set a dangerous precedent of allowing our government  and others  to filter domains. Fortunately, all sides have signaled this provision should be dropped.

Furthermore, the legislation would place a tremendous legal burden on websites accused of third-party copyright infringement and would cause them to be removed from search engines.  Even if they made an honest mistake, they would be faced with litigation from the U.S. Attorney General. Fighting the accusations would cost an enormous amount of time and money, and smaller sites would likely go out of business. Private lawsuits could also be brought against the websites. This would open up the potential for massive lawsuit abuse  even though the vast majority of online piracy occurs through a small number of websites.

While the federal government does have a role in protecting intellectual property rights, it should do so in a way that does not weaken internet security, disrupt growth, or restrict free speech and your First Amendment rights. 

As the debate on this legislation continues, I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House of Representatives to ensure the needs of copyright protection are balanced with the First Amendment Rights of all Americans. Currently H.R. 3261 remains in the House Judiciary Committee. While I do not serve on this committee, rest assured I will keep your concerns in mind should this legislation, or a similar bill ever come to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote.  

 

It is an honor to represent you in Congress.  Your suggestions are always welcome.  Please feel free to contact either my Washington office at (202) 225-5456 or the district office, (603) 641-9536.  Also visit my website at www.guinta.house.gov  for information on legislative issues and follow me on Facebook at facebook.com/repfrankguinta  and Twitter at @RepFrankGuinta.  

 

 


Sincerely,


Frank Guinta
Member of Congress 




 My email to Representative Peter G. Palumbo: 

You called a teenage girl an "evil little thing" because she's an atheist and got religion out of a public school where it doesn't belong? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Actually, you ought to be dragged out of office. You know what I consider evil? A full grown adult male in a position of power publicly shaming a child who bravely challenged the system and won. You are a coward.

If anyone would like to join in: rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us 






















































 This never made sense to me. The following are considered histories:

    King John

    Edward III 

    Richard II

    Henry IV, Part 1

    Henry IV, Part 2

    Henry V

    Henry VI, Part 1

    Henry VI, Part 2

    Henry VI, Part 3

    Richard III

    Henry VIII

While the following are considered tragedies:

    Coriolanus

    Julius Caesar

    Antony and Cleopatra

    King Lear

    Macbeth 




 Furthermore, how was it ever seen as a good idea to just take someone country, divide it, displace its people, and give it away to someone else? If the UN just suddenly decided that it was going to create a (insert ethnic or religious people) state by dividing the US into West and East halves and give the Western United States away, wouldn't it pretty well expected that Americans, especially the displaced ones from the West, would get pissed? I can't wrap my head around how this ever seemed like a good idea to anyone ever. 




 It seems to me his rabble rousing "Long Telegram" instigated the whole thing. 












































 Favorite: More detailed/realistic utilitarian/militaristic all black   gray Batman without the yellow oval insignia and no more underwear outside the pants.

Lease favorite: Power Girl. How do you go from [this perfection](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/ce/Power_Girl.png) to [this garbage](http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/6/65157/2195588-pg_large.jpg)? 



















 Current roster:

Batman

Catwoman

Cyborg

Deathstroke

The Flash

Green Arrow

Green Lantern (Hal Jordan)

Harley Quinn

The Joker

Nightwing

Solomon Grundy

Superman

Wonder Woman 









 The violence of this play is actually so over-the-top, all I could think of is old "B" horror movies.

We have war, ritual butchery and sacrifice, crime of passion, premeditated murder, rape (gang rape at that), mutilation, execution, self-mutilation, cold-blooded senseless murder, torture, the threat of infanticide, cannibalism, honor-killing, child murder, consensual homicide, and if you believe Titus knew he wasnt going to live through it himself, you can call it suicide in there as well.  And layers upon layers of revenge. 














 First off, let's get the disclaimer out of the way: I am **NOT** a racist. At all. I recently moved to San Antonio from New Hampshire to be closer to my family, which, by the way, includes quite a few Mexican-Americans. 

I have a 3-year-old daughter who is white with gray eyes and blond hair. Recently, my wife told me coworkers of hers, including Mexican-American women, warned her after meeting our daughter that blond-haired/blue-eyed white girls get picked on by the girls of Mexican descent. 

Is this true? If so, why is it true? My wife didn't want to push the issue with her coworkers at the risk of offending them, but I'm worried for my daughter, who will be entering into pre-K next year. I doubt it's a problem with 4-year-olds, but I don't want her to grow up being bullied, either.

I have no problem with Mexican-Americans or Mexicans in general. In fact, one of the things I love about San Antonio is the Mexican culture, art, and food. 

Another thing that I've noticed is my daughter, being very outgoing and friendly, tends to walk onto playgrounds waving, smiling, and shouting things like, "Hi, friends! My name is _______! Want to play?" and the looks she gets from some of the kids are like... I don't know... mean. Like, "Who is the kid? Why is she saying hi to me? Why is she calling me a friend?" This got her instant playmates in NH. Here, it gets her dirty looks. Cultural thing? Again, this is the Latino/Latina children. The white, black, and Asian kids have been pretty warm to her.

Sorry if this is a TL;DR, but I don't know how to shorten it and I'm very curious.

**EDIT**: I'd be especially interested in hearing from Mexicans, especially those who grew up in San Antonio.

For those downvoting, I don't get you. This is an honest question out of concern for my daughter. It's not an attack on anybody. 














 A Monologue is a speech that is spoken to someone else, or at least another character on the stage hears it.

A Soliloquy, is a speech spoken to nobody, and only the audience hears it, not any other character in the play. 

So which is this? 

When Shakespeare writes dialog, they say what they mean. If hes talking about Love, hes in love. If hes talking about killing someone, hes angry and really wants to kill them. It is, for the most part, difficult to lie in Shakespearean speech, without a stage direction saying, He or She is lying. There are exceptions, but they just have to be supported by the text. The things other people say, or what that character says before or after the incident in question. In other words, they do say what they mean, unless there is evidence to support otherwise.

What is it even saying anyway?

To be, or not to be... 

Be as in existing. To exist or not to exist, to live or not to live. Okay, hes openly questioning if he should live or die. So, this speech is about whether or not Hamlet should kill himself, which isnt totally out of the blue; at the beginning of the play, the first time Hamlet is onstage alone, he contemplates it there as well.

Whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer

The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,

Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,

And, by opposing, end them.

Which is better? Just take my wealth and position, keeping my mouth shut, but be racked with guilt over it, or to actually stand up for what I believe in, even though it would destroy and kill me and my family?

To die, to sleep-

No more, and by a sleep to say we end

The heartache and the thousand natural shocks

That flesh is heir to  tis a consummation

Devoutly to be wished.

But if Im dead, no more pain, no more suffering, no more guilt, and all the problems I have now just go away. Hey, that sounds pretty good...

To die, to sleep.

To sleep, perchance to dream. Ay, theres the rub,

For in that sleep of death what dreams may come

When we have shuffled off this mortal coil

Must give us pause. Theres the respect

That makes calamnity of so long life...

And if its all just a long sleep, whats on that other side? Its supposed to be so wonderful; thats why we endure all the crap in this world.

It goes on, but we can see its basically a suicide note of sorts, or at least a contemplation on the part of Hamlet.

Just before Hamlet comes on stage to give this speech, Claudius and Polonius, the murderous King and his Crony are talking with Ophelia, Polonius daughter, and Queen Gertrude. The Queen leaves... okay, now 3 on the stage. Polonius
then says:

Ophelia, walk you here.  Gracious, so please you,

We will bestow ourselves.

Hes telling Ophelia, Hamlets Girlfriend, to hang out here. But we will bestow ourselves.? 

The archaic meaning of bestow is to stow, deposit, store. So... lets store ourselves? Lets stow ourselves? Yes! Theyre saying, Lets go hide, which they then do. They exit, and Hamlet enters, talking all morbid.

But Ophelia is still on-stage. There is no Ophelia exits, nor is there Ophelia re-enters, so shes there the whole time while Hamlet talks about killing himself.

So, is the speech an aside that no one else hears? No, because at least one other person hears it, if not three. Hamlet finishes, then sees Ophelia, they have a big argument, and he gets crazy with the nunnery bit.

Exit Hamlet; enter back in Claudius and Polonius, talking about how mad Hamlet seemed because they absolutely heard him and Hamlet knew this. Then Polonius says:

How now, Ophelia?

You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said;

We heard it all.

So, they did hear it! 

In most all the previous scenes, and the ones after, Hamlet is very active; hes planning, plotting, getting things ready; hes already made some written contributions for the Theatre troupe thats preparing to perform for the Royal Court. Hes been pushing his plans forward to trap the King and give the final proof he needs to show that the King did in fact kill his father. Since seeing the ghost of his dead dad, hes been consumed by this desire for justice and revenge. Suddenly, for this 1 scene, he does a complete 180 degrees and finds it a good idea to kill himself? Yes, he contemplated it in the beginning, but keep in mind, that was BEFORE he found out his father was murdered. He didn't have any motivations as he does now. At that time, it was thought to be natural causes and the will of God, and hence, theres no one to get mad at, because no one did anything wrong. When the issue of murder comes up, that changes everything and revenge becomes his motive.

Suicide is a non-solution. Its a passive thing to do compared to the rest of the events going on. Its the easy way out, and Hamlet has been setting up these plots and plays with Machiavellian precision, which is definitely not the easy way to do anything. One could claim this speech shows another side to the character of Hamlet, but would that do anything to move the story forward? On its own, it doesnt. The full text of this play can run upwards of 4 hours long. How many people will sit for a 4 hour movie when it has parts that go nowhere? Is this speech Shakespeares way of saying, Heres a bathroom break?

NO! It is NOT a soliloquy! Ophelia was on-stage. Claudius and Polonius are hiding, and listening in, and Hamlet knows it! That means his whole suicide speech is by design. Hes already spent a few scenes convincing people that hes gone mad, and there IS method in it. The King and crony are trying to figure out if its true. Now, hes actively deceiving them, so that would make this speech something that moves the plot forward. Its just another part of Hamlets master
plan, and so far, theyre falling right into it.

More evidence: The last time we saw Hamlet on stage, he meets The Players, and asks the head player to give a short, impromptu performance, who readily obliges him. Then, everyone else ends up leaving the stage, leaving Hamlet, alone, for real this time. Here he has a real soliloquy (he even mentions hes all alone) whereupon he marvels at the performance that head player just gave. In fact, he realizes, and is very much ashamed at the fact, that the actor has just
shown more intensity and commitment in his task of that brief performance than Hamlet has in HIS task of avenging his fathers murder. Hamlet has just mentally smacked himself, reminding him to start raising the stakes, or hes going to fail at his task, and also realized the importance of acting as a role in his deceptions.

So I'm supposed to believe that suddenly, the very next words he speaks on stage are implying the direct opposite? That he wants to kill himself? A soliloquy of his innermost thoughts that says he needs to step it up followed by another saying the complete opposite? 

Even MORE evidence: Shakespeares original source for Hamlet. This is NOT an original play by Shakespeare. It had been done previously by other playwrights and writers. The original source is called Historia Danica by Saxo Grammaticus. It chronicles the story of Prince Amlothi, also referred to as Amlethus. Pull off the u-s at the end, move the "H" to the front, and you have "Hamlet." The plot matches the play exactly. The father of Amlethus is murdered by his brother who then marries Amlethus mother, the Prince seeks revenge. A large part of his plan has to do with feigning madness. Two attempts are made to prove hes actually sane, one of which is to tempt him into lechery, the thinking being that any man who lusts for women cannot truly be insane. His uncle arranges for a woman to casually run into Amlethus in the forest to seduce him while they watch, which is the prototype scene for this Hamlet/Ophelia scene. But Amlethus is warned of the trap ahead of time, so he makes his own arrangements to whisk her off to a hidden place away from the eyes of the Kings agents, who gets her to tell him everything. He also has sex with her, because why wouldn't he? But in the view of the Kings agents, he continues his act of being batshit insane.

"To Be or Not To Be" is not a soliloquy; it is a monologue! 
























 Show 'em love by finding them on Facebook   Twitter for extra likes and follows:

George Carlin

Bill Hicks

[Eddie Izzard](https://www.facebook.com/eddieizzard?ref=ts fref=ts)

Louis CK

[Tim Minchin](https://www.facebook.com/timminchin?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Hannibal Buress](https://www.facebook.com/HannibalBuress?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Todd Glass](https://www.facebook.com/ToddGlass?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Marc Maron](https://www.facebook.com/WTFPodcast?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Jamie Kilstein](https://www.facebook.com/jamiekilsteinfanpage?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Patton Oswalt](https://www.facebook.com/pattonoswalt?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Doug Stanhope](https://www.facebook.com/officialstanhope?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Jim Jeffries](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jim-Jeffries/275779855987?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Bill Maher](https://www.facebook.com/Maher?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Bo Burnham](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bo-Burnham/10947828617?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Keith Lowell Jensen](https://www.facebook.com/kljfans?ref=ts fref=ts)

David Cross

[Ricky Gervais](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ricky-Gervais/108578005851743?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Christopher Wayne Jackson](https://www.facebook.com/cwjcomedian)

[Ryan Bourassa](https://www.facebook.com/RyanBourassa?ref=ts fref=ts)

Billy Connolly

[Jimmy Carr](https://www.facebook.com/jimmycarrfans?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Joe Rogan](https://www.facebook.com/JOEROGANDOTNET?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Stephen Fry](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stephen-Fry/104083552960329?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Eddie Griffin](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eddie-Griffin/73107530966?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Penn Jillette](https://www.facebook.com/PennJill?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Seth MacFarlane](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Seth-MacFarlane/14105972607?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Adam Carolla](https://www.facebook.com/officialadamcarolla?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Kathy Griffin](https://www.facebook.com/kathygriffin?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Paula Poundstone](https://www.facebook.com/PaulaPoundstone?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Janeane Garofalo](https://www.facebook.com/JaneaneGarofalo?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Sarah Silverman](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sarah-Silverman/162150313835070?ref=ts fref=ts)

Got more?

**EDIT**: Thanks for all the suggestions! Sorry for forgetting so many women! Keep 'em coming! 



























































 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 









 Every history teacher I've ever had always explained the importance of history as a means to learn from our past. Do we, though? Seems like we always have the same problems in government, wars, laws, civil rights, etc. For example, miscegenation used to be argued against the same way same-sex marriage is now. We said there'd never be another Vietnam, going into a foreign country, fighting non-soldiers without uniforms without an exit strategy, but we did. Do we really learn from our past? 



















 I just did a clean install of Maya (Mint 13 w/Cinnamon). My PS3 Eye, which I had been using as a webcam/microphone for Skype purposes, was plugged in when I booted up the first time, and the camera was detected and works perfectly. The problem is, the microphone doesn't pick up. Can't Skype without a microphone. Any ideas?

**UPDATE**: I found [this forum](http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1785840) which had the following advice which worked for someone:

Quote:

CARDINFO{driver}=="USB-Audio", INCLUDE="usb", GOTO="init_end"

To /usr/share/alsa/init/00main in the section that is '# real ALSA configuration database'

Unfortunately, being a noob, I have no idea what to do with that information. 









 **EDIT**: Linux Mint w/Cinnamon (they couldn't come up with a gayer name?) is fully installed and working perfectly. Thank you so much to both AziMandia and PyroNavi for all the help. Goodbye Microsoft!

I'll just go ahead and subscribe to this subreddit and hope my noobishness fades over time... 



























































 Mind literally blown 





























 A coworker of my wife's is recommending it for weight loss, apparently featured on Dr. Oz. I'm instantly skeptical when it comes to miracle weight-loss products.

The best I can find is this: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/03/120327134209.htm

But 17 pounds over 22 weeks is only .77 lbs. per week, which has to be less than simply diet   exercise. 




 **EDIT** I want to thank everyone who has responded so far, especially those who managed to do it without berating or insulting others. I've already voted this morning, but others won't vote for another week or so, therefore I welcome a continuation of this conversation.

Just *please* keep it civil. People can disagree without resorting to insults. 
































































 I recently discovered r/youshouldknow and I'm glad I did! 



















 My two ideas:

1.    On-the-spot fact-checking. Lies and misinformation should be called out right then and there.

2.    Mics turn off at time limits.

Any more from Reddit? 






















































 I don't need a monitor, drives, keyboard, mouse, or a big hard drive. All I want to do with it is hook it up to my HDTV (so it'll need HD video output) and surround sound system (so it'll need optical audio output), and it'll be online. I'll only be using it to download and watch movies.

I have a cheap Dell refurbish with a single 3GHz processor and 4GB of RAM and it's just not delivering seamless HD. I end up with skipping, stuttering, audio synching, and other issues. I use VLC, DIVX, and, when all else fails, WMP. 

















































 I'm 31 and I just wrote a paper for my sociology class on prejudice, discrimination, ethnocentrism, and cultural relativism. Some would consider ethnocentrism and cultural relativism opposites, but I was able to find good and bad aspects of cultural relativism, so I expected to be able to show some examples where ethnocentrism could yield positive outcomes. I could not. Can you? 













































































































 ...if the hurricane has them watching the government-run/tax-payer-funded weather service on the government-run/tax-payer-funded emergency broadcast system to see if they'll have to leave the government-run/tax-payer-funded building by way of the government-run/tax-payer-funded evacuation procedures using the government-run/tax-payer-funded roads and bridges..." ~ Christopher Wayne Jackson (comedian) 















































































 So there's that. 
























 I don't believe in coincidences. 






















































































































































































































 Please include book/author.

One of my favorite lines from Catcher in the Rye was "Ask her if she still keeps her kings in the back row." 

Vladimir Nabokov's Lolita: "I talk in a daze, I walk in a maze, I cannot get out, said the starling."

Oscar Wilde, "Every saint has a past; every sinner has a future."

Finally, more than a line, but damn:

You know the reason The Beatles made it so big? I Wanna Hold Your Hand. First single. Fucking brilliant. Perhaps the most fucking brilliant song ever written. Because they nailed it. Thats what everyone wants. Not 24/7 hot wet sex. Not a marriage that lasts a hundred years. Not a Porsche, or a million-dollar crib. No. They wanna hold your hand. They have such a feeling that they cant hide. Every single successful song of the past fifty years can be traced back to I Wanna Hold Your Hand. And every single successful love story has those unbearable and unbearably exciting moments of hand-holding. ~ Nick and Norahs Infinite Playlist by David Levithan. 




 How can the Mortal Kombat guys NOT have a Sub-Zero? Especially with Batman ganking Scorpion moves AND catch-phrases. Imagine how sick he'd look!

With Croc, I know there's already a few heavy-hitters like Grundy, Bane, and Doomsday, but Croc is more wild, and his attacks could involve biting, clawing, tail whips (give him a tail), and use of the sometimes-depicted chains on his wrists.

Jason Todd is one of the best straight-up fighters in the DC universe, adept at any weapon, and would be a good counter to the villains' Deathstroke. 




 High qual. Price isn't the issue. 




 Is there a cheap   easy way to make tablets like Aspirin? Someone might know people who'd love to get MDMA, but they'd be skeptical of gel-caps and wouldn't know what to do with powder or crystals. It would seem most street sales of "ecstasy" are in pressed tablet form. 




 I think the greatest social experiment ever would be to divide the US into two allied-but-separate nations. 

One would be The United Conservative Republican States of America (USRSA). 

The other would be The United Liberal Democrat States of America (ULDSA). 

We'd still be cool and everything, totally best buds, but governed separately.

Let's see who's doing better in 50 years.

**UCRSA:**

* Abortion is outlawed with a possible exception for rape and incest in some of their 25 states (states' rights). 

* All or most gun laws are lifted, varying by state. 

* School prayer takes place immediately before the required pledge of allegiance, although children may opt-out. 

* The 10 Commandments can be listed in court houses, public schools, and other Christian references are allowed in generally public squares. 

* Hostility toward non-Christian faiths, and especially secularism may cause a mass exodus of non-Christians. 

* Same-sex marriage is outlawed with marriage defined in the constitution as one-man/one-woman. Some states may opt to allow for civil unions.

* Strict laws are passed to prevent illegal immigration with employers of undocumented workers fined or jailed. 

* Illegal immigrants are exported. 

* Even with 25 states, the UCRSA still outspends every other country on defense, continues war on terror. Efforts on homeland security are maintained or expanded.

* Tax breaks persist for the wealthiest Americans while social programs to benefit the poor are drastically defunded or cut altogether. Welfare is dramatically overhauled. 

* The death penalty is subject to state law, with most states requiring capital punishment for at least some offenses. 

* Drugs laws vary by state in terms of penal severity, but marijuana remains federally outlawed. 

* Free market economy is minimally-regulated with corporate tax incentives. American corporations may therefore choose to be headquartered in the UCRSA over the ULDSA.

* The energy economy emphases oil, natural gas, and coal with expanded off-shore drilling, pipelines, and fracking. Environmental regulations are relaxed.

* OSHA compliance becomes optional. OSHA-certified companies may advertise their jobs as such.

* Minimum wage varies by state and is not mandated.

 ______________________________________


**ULDSA:** 

* Abortion varies by states, but is legal to some extent everywhere. 

* Guns are heavily regulated, but some form of a firearm is legal in all 25 states, albeit with conditions. Licenses are granted for either hunting, protection, or both. In either case, gun-owners are registered with their firearms, all sales are tracked including ammunition and accessories, and licenses require criminal and mental health background checks. All gun sales and purchases must be carried out by licensed gun-retailers: no gun shows, no private sales. Guns, ammunition, magazines, and accessories are limited and regulated.

* Separation of church   state is explicit in the constitution with the ULDSA officially declared legally secular. Religions may operate freely, but fall under all normal laws and are subject to equal taxation. 

* Taxes are based proportionately on wealth with those most able to pay subject to higher taxes; those least able to pay are subject to less or no taxes. 

* Marriages between any consenting adults are recognized with all relevant benefits. 

* Equal rights are afforded to any and all Americans, regardless of race, gender, sexuality, religion, etc. "Affirmative action" varies according to state laws.

* Native Americans are offered an entire state with a sincere apology and an offer to declare independence as a sovereignty or remain a territory of the ULDSA with all relevant protections and rights under assumption of recognition of applicable federate laws and mandates.

* The ULDSA largely stays out of foreign affairs and redirects previous defense funds toward education, infrastructure, social programs, a replacement program for NASA, scientific research, and single-payer "socialized" health care.

* Health care falls under government regulation with taxes and subsidies encouraging healthier lifestyle choices. 

* Death penalty abolished with the highest form of punishment being "life without possibility of parole." Greater emphasis on rehabilitation. 

* Drug offenders with no violent criminal history are released. Criminal records of drug offenses are kept for reference only. 

* Marijuana legalized and regulated. 

* Fossil fuels are reduced with greater emphasis on renewable energy sources and limited nuclear. 





Where would you rather live? Be honest.

Feel free to make corrections to any assertions or assumptions made about either country, who you think would "win" economically and otherwise over time, and where you'd rather live and why. 




 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=ltun92DfnPY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=ltun92DfnPY) 




 Got word he shipped and a tracking number in less than 24 hours. No FE asked for. Four days later, the product is in my hand and vacuum sealed. I'll come back to review the actual product, but when it's advertised as "regular commercial" and at this price, you can't be too disappointed. DrWhite is ultra A+. Will do business again. HIGHLY recommended. 




 I've only ever had MDMA (I think), but what are the rolls like on these other substances? Any worth trying? Good alternatives?

4-MEC

Butylone

MDA

Methylone

MPA
 









 I'm considering dropping a couple grand, but I can't afford to lose a couple grand. Is any vendor **THAT** trust-worthy? 







































 I know this has been asked before, but it's been a while, and this isn't just about "saddest." Was it shocking? Did it make you angry? Were you glad? Do you ever want them to come back? If they have come back, are you happy or mad? 




 I'm trying to choose a subject for my Anthropology final :) 

My paper will be on applied anthropology, but I need to narrow it down as anthropology is apparently applied to nearly everything! 












































 Thinking of enrolling my 3-year-old daughter in a gymnastics class. Based on online research alone, I'm leading toward this place: http://www.gymnasticsofsanantonio.com/programs

Anyone have experiences with any place in SA they'd like to share? 


































 I want to get my wife gift certificates for a quality massage and a pedicure. It doesn't have to be the same place, but we're new in town (from New England), and she doesn't have a regular place for either one anymore. We're in the Ingram Park area just south of Leon Valley, but anywhere an hour drive or less would be fine. Thank you! 












































 DAE think "quantity" and "price" should be added to the sort options? Popularity and seller ratings are all well and good, but it's annoying to try and find pounds in a sea of grams, or trying to find the pricier bulk stuff out of over a thousand options. 




 For example, Marvel gets Batman and DC gets Spider-Man. 




 My pick? It may surprise you. Not Superman. Not Batman. Wonder Woman. Marvel already has a rich mythology with Thor, Hercules, etc., and related characters, and the Wonder Woman mythology would blend nicely. Besides, how many comics does Marvel have starring a solo woman?

Who would I trade to get her? Well, Wonder Woman is one of DC's "Big Three," or "Trinity," so it's going to take a sizable trade. I'd offer Daredevil, Elektra, Bullseye, Moon Knight, Power Man, Iron Fist, Ghost Rider, and The Fantastic Four. 




 My pick? Spider-Man. He'd be a shoe-in for The Justice League, and he brings a unique style and power-set to the DC universe. 

Who would I be willing to trade to get him? I'd like to see what Marvel could do with some 2nd stringers like Booster Gold   Blue Beetle (Kord), but they'd probably need more in exchange for a heavy-hitter like Spider-Man. Throw in Lady Godiva, Fire, Ice, Power Girl, Captain Atom, Firestorm, Red Tornado and Hawkman if that's what it takes. If that's still not enough, throw in Captain Marvel. How could they resist? 



































































































 Some suggestions:

* Batgirl (Steph)
* Batgirl/Black Bat (Cassandra)
* The Atom (as Palmer or Choi)
* Dr. Mid-Nite
* Hour Man
* Renee Montoya (she's been mentioned and pictured as Katie Kane's ex, who has been seemingly unaffected by the non-reboot)
* Elongated Man
* Azrael (either one)
* Plastic Man
* Icon   Rocket
* Other Milestone characters
* Union
* Aqualad (Garth or Hyde)
* Blue Beetle (Kord)
* The Endless
* Helena Bertinelli 
* Doom Patrol
* Metamorpho and Element Woman
* Adam Strange
* Miss Martian
* The Metal Men
* Bizarro
* Doomsday
* Wally West
* Donna Troy
* Xombi
* Nemesis (Wildstorm)
* Spartan (Wildstorm)
* Red Tornado
* Mister Miracle
* Barda
* The Creeper
* Cheshire
* Circe
* Catman
* Scandal Savage
* Knockout
* Shadowpact
* Ragman
* Gypsy
* Mxyzptlk
* Wildcat
* Jesse Quick
* Manhunter
* Guardian
* Duela Dent
* Bronze Tiger
* Rick Flag
* Major Force
* Freedom Fighters
* Jade
* Geo-Force
* Zauriel
* Roulette
* Captain Comet
* Bombshell
* Parasite
* Rip Hunter
* Goldstar
* Toyman
* Despero
* Superboy Prime
* Alex Luthor
* Psycho-Pirate
* Jericho
* Calculator
* Cyborg Superman
* Kid Devil
* Red Star
* Mr. Mind
* Vigilante
* Prometheus
* Aztek
* Eradicator
* Sonar
* Evil Star
* Lian Harper, Connor Hawke, Mia Dearden
* Tempest
* Black Alice 
* Citizen Steel
* Atlee
* Obsidian
* The Outsider
* Canterbury Cricket
* Ambush Bug
* Ragdoll

Feel free to point out if any of this characters *have*, in fact, appeared. I collect many titles, but not all, so some of them may have appeared by now. This is also not meant by any means to be a complete list. 

































































































































 I'm aware of

one-man/one-woman

one-man/multiple-women

one-woman/multiple-men

one-man/one-man

one-woman/one-woman

but is there multiple-men/multiple-women or just 3-or-more men or 3-or-more-women marriages recognized anywhere in the world? 




 I'm aware of 

one-man/one-woman

one-man/multiple-women

one-woman/multiple-men

one-man/one-man

one-woman/one-woman

but is there multiple-men/multiple-women or just 3-or-more men or 3-or-more-women marriages recognized anywhere in the world? 





























 Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be... 






















































 My picks:

Justice League: International - It was just getting good when they canceled it.

Shadow Cabinet: An old Milestone series featuring Icon, Rocket, Donner, Blitzen, Iron Butterfly, Mechanic, Payback, Starlight, Twilight, etc.

Cyborg: I think it's pretty messed up he was promoted to be a core and founding member of the Justice League and doesn't have his own book.

Black Lightning: Very cool superhero who doesn't get the exposure he deserves.

Ragman: He looks cool and there just aren't a lot of Jewish superheroes. He could even join Batman Inc. and be the sanctioned hero of Israel or something.

The Creeper: An entertaining character who, in the hands of the right writer, can be a great read.

Lobo: Yeah, this character reeks of the 90s, but he's kind of like DC's answer to Wolverine.

Hitman: One of the best comics DC has ever published.

The Atom: The on-again, off-again Leaguer has some interesting adventures.

New Gods: It's kind of a classic, and Orion and Darkseid have already made appearances.
 














 It could be artists or writers, but who's someone who gets a lot of fanfare you just can't stand, and why?

Personally, for writers, I have to say Frank Miller. While I loved everything he did up until 300, everything since has been awful.

For artists, ~~Scott Lobdell~~ Kenneth Rocafort, mainly for that [stupid pentagon](http://insidepulse.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Screen-shot-2011-09-21-at-8.54.15-PM-500x319.png) he obsessively draws on every nose.

**EDIT**: I want to add J. Michael Straczynski to writers. In terms of Spider-Man's worst enemies, Doc Ock and Green Goblin have nothing on JMS. 




















































































 Cowardice asks the question, "Is it safe?" Expediency asks the question, "Is it politic?" Vanity asks the question, "Is it popular?" But, conscience asks the question, "Is it right?" And there comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but one must take it because one's conscience tells one that it is right. ~ Martin Luther King Jr. 














 [Brian Eno "An Ending"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKw5mbcE7VY)

Listening to this song, filling the frisson, then read the top two comments. The second one (philipboydy) did me in. Frisson overload. 


































 If I were fortunate enough to be given the reigns to direct my own Batman franchise, the first entire trilogy would be focused on The Joker.

 

Batman: Year One - Gotham is established as crime-ridden city. We get Bruce Wayne's origin story and the rise of two warring crime syndicates: The Zucco Family and The Falcone Family. When Bruce returns, he begins his crusade as Batman and aids Lieutenant Gordon and DA Harvey Dent in bringing down the mobs, the most prominent of which is The Falcone Crime Family, which has their dirty work done by the mysterious Red Hood.

 

Meanwhile, Bruce and Alfred attend a circus only to see two performers, The Flying Greysons, fall to their deaths with their acrobat teenage son left behind. Knowing what it's like to be orphaned, Bruce offers to take their 16-year-old son, Dick Greyson, as his ward. Batman vows to seek out the guilty party. It seems there's more to Haley's Circus than meets the eye, with ties to the Zucco mob and possibly more. Batman temporarily switches his focus to the Zucco Family, much to this dismay of Gordon, who wants the pressure to stay on The Falcones. Tony Zucco, the man responsible for the death of Greyson's parents, nearly gets the drop on Batman but is stopped by Dick, who shows up unexpectedly, having figured out Batman's identity after finding the secret entrance to the Bat Cave. Dick wants to kill Tony, but Batman stops him.

 

After some drama over getting involved, Batman leaves Dick with Alfred to discuss it later, now ready to go after the Falcones full-throttle. In the end, after a battle with Batman in a factory, Hood takes the plunge into the chemical vat. Batman thanks Gordon and the DA, leaving a gift on roof of the GCPD: The Bat Signal.

 

Batman: Year 2 - Lieutenant Gordon is now a Police Captain and facing an uphill battle surrounded by crooked cops and a Commissioner and mayor who are anti-Batman. Unfortunately, a new menace has risen in the form of the psychopathic Joker, who has gone to war with organized crime, with the remainder of The Zucco Crime Family having risen to go to war with the struggling Falcone Crime Family. The Joker has created pure chaos, creating problems for criminals, the justice system, and citizens alike. All of this is to get Batman's attention, with whom he seems to have some sort of vendetta.

 

Dick, meanwhile, is being put through intensive training as he continues to insist on involving himself in Batman's affairs. Batman is trying to physically and mentally break him to prove he's not cut out for it, but Dick is surpassing every expectation. In some respects, he's even a better student than Bruce was. Still, Batman warns about him getting involved.

 

Batman's hand is forced, however, when The Joker stages an assault on Wayne Manor as part of his war on the wealthy and powerful. Alfred is safe in the Bat Cave, but Dick is kidnapped, as The Joker is curious what Bruce Wayne would do for the boy's life. Alarms and camera footage alert Alfred, who communicates the kidnapping to Batman. Now it's personal.

 

Batman confronts The Joker, barely rescuing Dick before an explosion. When Batman orders Dick to stay put while he pursues Joker, but he doesn't listen. During an encounter, The Joker explains that Batman created him, causing Batman to feel guilt for all of The Joker's crimes. The whole ruse was a trap for Batman, getting Batman between the cross-hairs of the warring Zucco and Falcone families. While Batman deals with them, The Joker would be getting away, but he's stopped by Dick, who is crudely disguised with some scraps of green and red clothing he found in the alley. While Dick is able to handle Joker in the fight, Joker catches him off-guard with a crowbar and is violently beating him with it when Batman shows up and ends it. Batman carries Dick's beaten and bloodied body away and hands The Joker over to the authorities.

 

Joker is tried for his crimes with Dent handling prosecution, but The Joker manages to pull off an acid attack in court, splashing half of Dent's face. Joker is able to plead insanity as a plea-bargain to avoid a possible mistrial as Batman's citizen's arrest may be thrown out in court. The Joker is institutionalized at Arkham Asylum. In the end of the film, The Joker is introduced to his therapist: Dr. Harleen Quinzel.

 

Batman: Year 3 - Captain Gordon is now Commissioner Gordon and taken control of the police, and it's just in time as Two-Face has re-organized crime in Gotham and all but taken over. To make matters worse, an unknown and mysterious figure or organization mounted an attack on Blackgate Prison and Arkham Asylum, flooding Gotham's streets with criminals and maniacs, including The Joker. Dr. Harleen Quinzel believes she's the person best suited to bringing in The Joker and has a run-in with Batman that confirms what she already believed about him: he's the cause of the problems in Gotham and responsible for The Joker. When she finally finds The Joker, having returned to the now-condemned chemical factory, he lures her in and gives her a taste of what he experienced. She emerges Harley Quinn.

 

With so much chaos in the city with organized and disorganized crime, Batman finally relents and allows Dick to join him, but only as a sidekick, to hang back, to cover him, to help him out, etc. He is not to confront anyone directly. It turns out, they make an amazing team.

 

Two-Face is now struggling to control the criminal element as there's so much on the street, but he's amassing an army in the hopes of taking over Gotham completely. It's all-out war between Two-Face's empire and the Gotham police, and of course Batman, but Two-Face has a vendetta against The Joker, The Joker wants to kill Two-Face, Gordon, the police, Gotham in general, and Batman, and Batman now feels responsible for the whole lot of them.

 

The Joker retaliates against Two-Face for his repeated attempts to kill him, undermining Two-Face's plans, but in the final confrontation, neither Batman, Robin, nor Harley Quinn are able to stop Two-Face from apparently killing The Joker. Harley tries to kill Two-Face, Batman, and Robin, but is stopped in a combined effort. Batman tries to appeal to Dent, who finally turns himself in.

 

While being taken away, Dent reveals to Batman that he's been two sides of the same coin all along. He's always been the District Attorney, and it was really Dent who undermined Two-Face, not The Joker. He explains that his efforts to organize all the criminals and maniacs was so they could all collectively be put away in a set-up he devised. When he's asked to explain the Blackgate and Arkham breaks, he says that wasn't him, it was "Bane."

 

"Bane?" "He never gave me a name. He only said 'bane.' The bane of Batman, the bane of Gotham, the bane of everything. He told me this city wasn't mine, yours, or Gordon's. Gotham belongs to him." "Bane..." The last shot is Bane watching Batman through binoculars as Batman closes the doors on the ambulance Dent is in. Quietly he says, "Yes, Batman. Bane."

 

The fun part is, when you watch the movie again and look really hard, Bane can often be seen somewhere in the background, just watching.

 

Batman: Year 4 - In part 4, Batman   Robin are forced to constantly put out fires, sometimes literally. A cat-burglar is confronted and put on notice, Firefly is spreading dangerous arsons, Zsasz is a serial killer on the loose, the chemist Scarecrow has released a fear-toxic causing people to go mad, an eco-terrorist calling herself Poison Ivy is causing havoc, a man called "The Penguin" has taken over organized crime in the absence of Two-Face, a mad scientist calling himself "Freeze" has frozen half the city, and some idiot calling himself "The Riddler" is committing crimes and leaving clues. Batman   Robin are able to bring Firefly, Zsasz, Scarecrow, Poison Ivy, and Riddler to justice, but not without consequences. Batman has been badly burned, stabbed, psychologically scarred by fear toxin, worn down by Poison Ivy's toxins, and mentally exhausted by The Riddler. When he finally agrees to Alfred's demands that he come home and rest before dealing with Freeze or Penguin, he checks in with Robin, who is still doing recon on The Penguin and Freeze, and then he arrives home to the Batcave. Once he accesses the secret entrance to the mansion, he finds Alfred unconscious and is then attacked by Bane.

 

Bane takes a physically, mentally, and psychologically exhausted Batman and kicked the ever-living shit out of him right into the Bat Cave for an epic battle. He reveals that he (obviously) knows his secret identity and that he's been lying in wait since the beginning to take Gotham from Batman. In the final scene, he breaks Batman's back, drops him to the ground and says, "Broken and done. Gotham now belongs to Bane."

 

Batman: Year 5 - One year after the breaking of the bat, a now-20-year-old Dick Greyson has assumed the identity of Batman with one instruction from Bruce: do not confront Bane directly. The first part of the movie is the new Batman taking down the tragic villain Freeze.

 

Not only is Dick doing an amazingly good job of keeping the Batman myth alive, but a new presence has emerged in the form of what the media has dubbed "Batgirl." It appears Catwoman is at least sometimes on the side of righteousness as well, so Dick isn't entirely alone out there.

 

Bane doesn't control Gotham yet. The Penguin still controls half of Gotham, and they're warring constantly. Bane doesn't go after this new Batman right away because he seems to be focused on Penguin almost exclusively, so he believes he and Batgirl to be unconnected to the original Batman.

 

With a budding romance between Dick and Batgirl, who is Gordon's daughter, Catwoman lurks in the background, possibly jealous, and Bane hopes to use this. She's been caught stealing from him a number of times, and when he finally gets his hands on her, he lures her to his side. He wants her to work directly with the new Batman and Batgirl to take down The Penguin, which they absolutely do.

 

Catwoman turns on them, which sets them up for Bane. He says he'll take pleasure in breaking two more bats, which he may very well accomplish, but Catwoman double-crosses Bane, setting him up for his own downfall at the hands of Batman and Batgirl. Bane still manages to get the upper-hand thanks to his Venom, but that's when a Batwing flies overhead, a smoke bomb his the ground, and when the smoke clears, the real, original Batman is standing tall in a modified, armored, cybernetic- enhanced suit. Catwoman, meanwhile, gets away with much of Bane's fortune, so she played him for a fool.

 

Bane and Bruce battle it out as Dick and Barbara clear the area. Bane is enhanced by Venom, and Bruce is enhanced by his suit, so it's a pretty fair fight. In the end, Batman takes down Bane and reclaims his city. With Freeze, Penguin, and Bane out of the picture, Gotham is safe again.

 

Finally safe in her own home, Barbara enjoys some quality time with her dad. There's a knock at the door, she answers, BLAM! She's shot through the spine by The Joker.

 

Batman: Year 6 - The Joker is back. Two-Face didn't kill him after all. Yes, he was tossed into heavy machinery that apparently ground him up, but the remains turned out not to be his. The Joker takes Barbara Gordon and kidnaps Jim as well. Now it's up to Batman and Nightwing to save them both and finally stop Joker once and for all. This movie would basically be an adaptation of Alan Moore's "Killing Joke."

 

Nightwing spin-off movie follows Year 6.

 


































 Ah, that delightful meme is going around Facebook again: Dear god, why do you allow violence in our schools? "I'm not allowed in schools." ~ God.

1. An omnipotent being is not "allowed?" Doesn't sound too fucking powerful to me.

2. Just to clear something up, god is "allowed" in schools; god isn't allowed to be forced upon students. There's a difference between having a right to worship and having someone else's religion shoved down your throat.

3. So the argument here is that god is either too weak to be where he isn't wanted (by some), is too butthurt by the slight, or it isn't important enough for him to "break the rules" and intervene? So this meme basically shows that your god is impotent, petty, uncaring, sucks and is unworthy of worship.

Nicely done, Christians. Point well made. 




 Not terrible, but definitely not a fun night. I took entirely too much 2CE (a dab'll do ya) and the whole world just fell apart on me. The shit came on like a freight train. Before I could even react to an emergence of fractal patterns, suddenly, everything around me transformed into wild animations, and not simple shapes, either. For example, a tree in a neighboring apartment complex turned into a cluster of Chinese dragons desperately trying to untangle themselves. I actually said out loud, "How is that even possible? Where's the context?" My wife was too overwhelmed to answer.

I tried to relax and watch Fantasia, but that wasn't working out. I went out to smoke a cigarette, but the smoke trails were interacting with everything confusingly, and I mentally projected that everywhere. I ended up just going to bed, but it was dizzying because the closed-eye hallucination were a thousand time worse. I couldn't control my thoughts, and even rationalizing that I willfully took a drug and that's why this was happening became a difficult thought to hold onto. For the first time in my life, I mentally wished for a trip to end. I wanted off the ride.

I'm not at all mad, though. I'm 31 and started getting into psychedelics with LSD when I was 18. I've had plenty of fun with LSD and shrooms, and this was my third time with 2CE. I thought I was immune to the fabled "bad trip" and had far too positive an opinion of tripping to be subject to such a thing, but I learned a valuable lesson: I'm not invincible, there is such a thing as "too much," and moderation can be a beautiful thing.

Now I'm curious. What's the worst trip you've ever had, what drug was it, and was it because you took too much, or the conditions were all wrong? 














 Full disclosure: I'm putting the finishing touches on my final, which is a paper on Shakespeare's *Hamlet*. I've read it, I've watched two film adaptations, I've got additional sources, but are there any Shakespeare scholars or experts here (or just fans) who have special insights they'd like to share? 

I'm not looking for someone to write my paper for me. I'm looking for new ways of looking at things, different interpretations, historical contexts I may have overlooked, hidden meanings, etc. I'm sure my professor has read hundreds of papers on Shakespeare, and I'd like to give him something he's never read before. Thanks! 












































 Lame example: You can't have your cake and eat it too.

What else would you do with cake but eat it? 









 FDR and Johnson were two of the more socialist presidents our nation has ever had, both bringing about sweeping reform and program implementation, some of which is still in place today, from FDR's social security to Johnson's Medicare   Medicaid. Yet, knowing from history the fantastic improvements that were made via implementation of such programs and economic booms experienced under such leadership, why do you suppose socialism has long been a dirty word in this country? It seems many of the same people who would slam big government and demand reductions would never want to part with social security, Medicare and Medicaid.

Is it, perhaps, cultural? Is it historical? Are we a product of the uprising that brought about our Independence, as such that we are the freed rebels in constant fear or oppression and tyranny? Is it just the Spirit of '76 that lives on in us? Is it remnants of the Red Scare, The Cold War and McCarthyism? 




 The title character is villainous scum! Am I actually supposed to feel sorry for him when he dies? 




 At the beginning of the play, Richard breaks the fourth wall and invites the audience to live vicariously through him, but after the first few scenes, he just... stops. Why would Shakespeare abandon that device? More importantly, why do it at all? It seems like he had an idea and was doing something differently, and then forgot. It seems odd to start that way and not follow-through. 




 Since discovering r/shakespeare, I've really begun to appreciate Shakespeare more, especially in the discussions where an expert comes in and shines a light on something I never would have known or thought of.

That makes me wonder; what mind-blowing Shakespeare theories do you have? It could be any of his plays, Shakespeare himself, or differing ways of viewing certain characters, motives, lines, etc. Fan theories, different perspectives, historical knowledge... anything a Shakespeare fan might find eye-opening. 













































































































 I used to just slap ham and American cheese on bread with some mustard and call that a sandwich. I was wrong. 

My sandwich:

1. Warm a pan with butter in it so the butter melts while you're building the sandwich. 

2. Once the butter melts, add two strips of bacon.

3. Take two slices of stone-ground 100% whole wheat bread.

4. On one slice, add Southwest spicy mustard. 

5. On the other slice, add mayonnaise.

6. Add a slice of jalapeo jack cheese to each slice of bread. If you want a spicier experience, Cabbot makes a habanero jack cheese.

7. Choose a slice and add one slice of fresh tomato, off the vine, never having been refrigerated. 

8. Alternately layer deli sliced ham and turkey at a deli slice thickness of 1 until you have a stack proportionate to your appetite. 

9. Add deli pickles. Two or three should be fine.

10. Top it all off with one crunchy and crisp slice of iceberg lettuce.

11. Close the sandwich and press down on it hard to keep everything squished together tight. 

12. Remove the bacon when it's finished cooking. And set it aside on a paper towel. In the time it takes to build the sandwich, the bacon should be done.

13. Throw that bad boy sandwich into the pan with the bacon grease and butter and fry it up. After about a minute, skillfully use both hands and two spatulas to flip it over to cook the other side. While trying, try adding a bit of Goya Adobo. It doesn't take much.

14. Remove the sandwich and add the bacon.

15. Eat sandwich.

16. Orgasm. 

PS: I want to try your sandwiches. If you try mine, let me know what you think. I will gladly let you know if yours is better than mine ;-) 




 I was surprised to search r/Shakespeare and not find a single reference to the Tudor myth. Does anyone have any insight on the accusations that the histories (only English histories being labeled as such while Scottish and Roman histories fall into "tragedy") are Tudor propaganda, and that Shakespeare is, in fact, the history's greatest propagator of the Tutor myth? 





























