 Aw man... . You know what is sad, I don't have to. I already know what his reaction will be. He's going to look hurt and then tell me he is sorry but he doesnt want to do those things. Then he'll sleep. When he wakes up he'll tell me he's sorry again and tell me he'll try to learn about what I would like to try. That will be done to placate or 'shut me up' and then he will never look into dom/sub stuff, he'll never talk about it again until I bring it up, and he will seem bored and unconvinced that he should do it. Then he'll go back to sleep. 




 I think it's pretty much already been stated, this convo has been being had for 2 years now...and nothing from him. No inkling of wanting to do it. Also, ive never seen anyone look and act so bored about sex as he is. So moving on? I think we all know that answer. 




 Raises right hand, it's still holding the slider from my bong toke! 




 Breaking that prudish part of yourself can be hard. But I think it's easier to get a chick to do this than a guy. A lot of women have rape fantasies. Something as simple as blindfolding her and using a feather w/ alternating spanks on ass, thighs, even feet, can be amazing and stimulate the senses.

Man, I hope this stuff works for you!! Good luck!!! 




 well in that case, OOoh la la, where have you been all my life! You ready to chain me up to a wall and turn me into a trained pet? 




 I really like your idea! And best of luck to you with your wife!! 




 When in doubt, don't put out! 




 I think you did too. I have been made to not cum for up to 10 hours. I couldn't sleep or get off or anything. And,...o man, it was great. =P when i released i came 14 times. FOURTEEN 




 You hit the nail on the head. It is ending. I can't help but feel responsible for it since what my needs are are vastly different from his. I thought my urges would go away but they are only getting stronger and I had tried suppression. Heh. that SO did NOT work. But you are right, the communication is nil. I live with a man that I don't know, sometimes I feel like I'm a stranger around him. 




 We've been together so long, I think, because its comfortable. But it's less and less comfortable for me. It's almost like I do not know him anymore :( 




 Your post freaking helped me! We should look for men together!!! 




 Heh, I wish he'd even try that. I actually did try something similar that you suggest...and he just rolled over and went to bed. That is how he 'solves' everything, by sleeping and ignoring the issue. 




 He won't leave me. He's freaking bonded like crazy glue. Nope, I gotta do that. And teasing him,...he does not register it the way I would, he ignores it. 




 Like I stated before, I might not want it 24/7 if he would play with me even a little. I am beyond the point of making excuses for him. He just simply WILL NOT PLAY. I am 100% ok with doing what ever he wants. But that has to end, b/c I ALWAYS do what he wants and the most crazy thing we do is "lets stand and fuck". I'm not kidding. I wish I were.

BTW: It took us a long time and my bff yelling at him to realize that its actually important to get the girl off. Otherwise he would just roll over and sleep and tell me to "finish myself". He's starting to do that again.

As for your wife, I'd say start with small things. Leather paddle maybe, or even some restraints tied to a bed. Just her arms then, if she likes that, you can move to the legs being tied up. You could blindfold her and really go to town haha!! Just make sure she feels safe. That is your number one goal!! Good Luck!! 




 LoL. 

It's true!! 




 1. He refuses to compromise, at all. He simply will not do it. It's so aggrevating I want to tear my nails out sometimes. I can't express how awful it is to bend over on someones lap and tell them "ive been naughty, spank me" and have them nonchalantly push you off them and go back to watching Youtube.
2. I am very focused on sex. That is why I came to r/sex. I feel like my sexual health isn't being exercised, and I wanted to know if what I was feeling was ok or right. What I am finding is my sinking feeling of I need to break up is something that a lot of people would agree with. I'm not being selfish, he is by not even trying. I'm willing to do pretty much anything for him and I think I posted that I've asked what he wants. He wont tell me what he wants. He just...it's like he has almost no libido.

Also, you're right, relationships are more than just sex. But when your being sexually stifled and have 1 libido that is GO at 96% of the time/day or night...and one who is about 5% eh, ok, we can fuck, once a day/every few days/week...I'm sorry, but I can't do it... I've tried like hell for two years... 




 Haha... I have this cute comment waiting but I don't know if this is the right place. ^_^ 




 I don't believe he has one dominant bone in his body. He ignores his own sexual needs to the core. That being said, I think the internet wants me to leave him, which is fine by me, I can't be denying myself for much longer. 




 No one abused me when I was younger and it's not about 'being treated like shit'. Its absolutely wonderful to be treated like a slave/pet/sub. It's what I prefer. You don't, it balks you to say nasty things on reddit. But I am sure that anyone in a healthy D/s relationship will tell you it's not abuse and it's not unhealthy. It's consensual and beautiful. 




 I've actually got an acct with them...thanks for reminding me. I should really go over there, see whats going on. 




 I'll check that out, thanks :) 




 Thank you for your support. And yeah,  I hope to find someone better 




 I kind of did, didn't I? 




 That's kinda where I am at "what's the point" 




 Piedmont of NC 




 Its hard to not feel selfish. I fought myself for a long time about who I am sexually-speaking. I hated my sub-self. So I hid it, and when I realized thru lots of self exploration, reading, and learning that there is not one thing wrong with me I had to get over that head game. When I expressed it to him, what I wanted he seemed just..non-interested. Like what I need is non-consequential. It's stifling to be told no and that it's you, when really, deep down, I know it's not me. I'm not repressed the way I was, and I can't deal with being in a repressive relationship. 




 Full-time, but he won't play at all. 




 I have tried the porn thing. TODAY even I tried it. His response was to look at me funny and go to bed for the next several hours. He's up now and still nothing.

But your right, he is wasting a perfectly good sub. I want to be trained!! 




 I need to seek hard to find a good one tho... 




 I'll be on my way as soon as I figure out how to leave this dude I am with. I'm so beyond done. I care about him but he refuses to perform and he knows what I need...one can only care for so long before boredom and loathing set in. 




 I live in the southeast bible belt. I am an atheist. Trust me, this is isn't going to be as easy as it looks. I might have to relocate! 




 It's been years since I've looked for men. This is going to be crazy hard... 




 Well, I've been 'really unhappy' for a while now.

Where do I find hair pulling men?? 




 I feel like I have done all I can do. It's up to him and he'd rather roll over and pass out with No stinging the air. There is no play, not one little bit. Maybe I wouldn't desire it so strongly if I could get it out of my system, but it's going to get bad if he doesn't turn around. I will leave him. It's the only fucking recourse here.

Thus comes the whole "find a new guy" crusade, one that does what I need. I hope it's not freaking hardcore to locate!! 




 I just don't think he realizes that it is important. Then he'll apologize later on for how he is. I've tried to find out/do things he likes but there's very little response in that category. It seems very wishy washy 




 Well, it's also how I am talked to and treated and made to feel. But yeah, it's like that. 




 I'm 27. And yeah, it is like he doesn't care. Then he gets all apologetic to me saying "i don't know why i can't do those things for you, and I'll try", but it's much more pacifying talk than anything. 




 O.O 




 Oh, I have. Many, many times. It's gotten so bad I've actually cried later on b/c he gets this No thing and just shuts down, rolls over and goes to sleep. ONCE he did tie me up, and b/c that happened 'before' it doesn't need to happen 'now'. 




 Haha... I don't think cheating is quite the answer. But if I break up, expect a different posting from me...it's really THAT bad. 




 hehe, i have this guy's exact problem but in reverse. 




 I want to be treated like a sex slave. All the time. I want to be tied up and have my hair pulled and have slave bells, I want all of that. I have a boyfriend, and Ive tried for 2 years now to get him to do anything beyond vanilla with me. It's proven to be incredibly frustrating for me, as I ~~want~~ need to have this done to me, otherwise I don't get any fulfillment with sex...Any ideas, tips, thoughts, suggestions? 




 your a lucky man, but she's even luckier you're actually going to do it. i want to do that for my guy...he's absolutely not budging, it makes me so sad ;_; 




 Me too..Id like the email option 




 I don't know if I actually trust this guy's theories. He seems kinda 'we dont know therefore aliens', kinda guy.

..and before you get on my case, I have had my own experience(s), but I'm still very skeptical of this guy. 




 That's actually kinda sad :( 




 Mmm Yummy :) 




 And then shit the fire of Mordore 




 I just threw up a little in my mouth, excuse me please. 




 I love this guy. I'm actually going to friggin' vote.
edit: I think he should do an AMA. I'm not kidding. Let's get behind this guy!!! 




 no, no, they were fakes... but thats not to say there aren't VERY good, clear photos and videos of unusual phenom in the sky

Happy hunting! 




 I have almost all of this except for the SP. Not bad. As a kid I used to concentrate on the floaty feeling really hard and could make myself actually dizzy by making my body feel as though I were floating. To be truthful, I love it. However, I agree, it is better when you sleep alone...having a shifty in bed partner...kinda sucks... 




 I have no problem with eating meat. However, the treatment of said "meat" while in life is, to me, of utmost importance. I'm not saying they get heated floors and mani/pedi's every Saturday morning with a latte.

What I'm saying is I am 100% for ethical treatment of food while it's alive. No matter if it's a dog, cat, rabbit, cow, pig, duck, goose, or fish. It's mind boggling to me that people could feel ok with doing this to something alive. Not to freakin' mention that mammals when living in a stressful and/or unhealthy living conditions release chemicals from the brain that DO NOT EXIT THE BODY. Instead, they build up in the muscle...and what of animals, pray tell, do we eat? The fucking muscles. So what? You might think. Heh... These chemicals don't release from our bodies, either. That means even if going thru the digestive system they can be absorbed into the body and are not passed. This build up of negative emotional chemicals into the body happens in our own lives! Why the fuck would you want to eat something that has been freaking miserable its whole life, knows nothing but misery and has been releasing this chemical into it's muscles and then YOU and your Family ingest this meat. Maybe, just maybe, the reason so many people are on things like Prozac or Zoloft might actually stem from the living conditions and overall mental soundness of the freaking meat we are eating.

Ok. Sorry to write all of that, I was going to make a short comment and that just blurted out of me. I feel very passionate about this idea of mine and I really do feel that it does matter what you eat and how it was handled in life. In fact, if you have ever gotten meat from farmers who have clean pastures and feed their, say, cattle with grains, oats, molasses and not just soley corn, you know you can taste the difference. And I also feel good after I eat it, not like the feeling you get from McD's or even most store bought meat.
/my 2cents 




 i knew i didn't like clowns 




 Well, hehe, since I get a choice, I'll go with Fission :) 




 you were touched by his noodley appendage and ye, you were filled. :) 




 how do i set fire in space???? 




 no one else will get this, but..that is sooo minty 




 Yeah, I thought the same thing. I'd lie lie lie to get my ass outta there 




 I never felt like it was bad., but it was never really impressed upon me, either. I can absolutely see this as something the women will only share with the bishop and feel absolute inner guilt that something that feels amazing is demonized and "satan is within you, controlling you". I feel lucky in that way...however, I was incredibly sheltered from all things sexual so for the most part I really didn't know I was even engaging in masturbation(i didn't exactly touch myself so it wasn't the same, right?!) 




 Basically this translated to me: we won't give you this money unless you do some work, and what better way for us to keep an eye on you and control you more then you keep you in the church building itself and make you work! Nothing wrong with working for your money, but working for money that keeps you in a perpetual guilt for something absolutely natural is sick and twisted. 




 When my Bishop was gone for a while, his First Counselor took over the interviews for the temple. He actually did ask me if I masturbated, and I lied and told him no. But they never discussed this with the women the way they do with men. It's freaking crazy, and really really awful. It kinda...makes me sick 




 How does that even come up in a meeting with the Bishop? Do they ask you if you do it, or watch it and how often? Or is like, more than one offense grounds to recommend this? 




 So... I had no idea about this til today. I am very disgusted about the level the church steeps down to in regards to masturbation, especially to the priesthood. And for what? To instill in these youth/men that there is something wrong with them, that they are addicts to porn and masturbation. Wow.
So,..I did a little digging because I was curious and found this :)
http://www.sonsofhelaman.org/?p=program_summary

I very much enjoyed this:
http://www.sonsofhelaman.org/?p=answers qid=63

Then I found these:
http://groups.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_detail.php?profid=74358 sid=1307514490.1743_12604 city=Ogden county=Weber state=Utah#group
and
http://www.blogger.com/profile/02766236371559828795

http://dl.dropbox.com/u/14969804/Final%20Complete%20Writings%20of%20SoH%205-2-2011.pdf

http://mwharkertherapist.blogspot.com/

Ugh. It's just sickening to read this. I feel for people living in Utah, going thru this. If anyone has ever been to one of these meetings or knows something about this, let me know. 




 im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :) 




 im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :) 




 I  Jimmy Johns...this does not deter me from my Italian Night Club with Salt and Vinegar Chips and a Root Beer. ...anyone else?
/munchies
//also..they do use sarcasm in their marketing...it's no matter 




 my brain is bleeding 




 Hitler was involved in occult practices, this was stricken by Winston Churchill but it's not unknown. The Islam shit? I have never heard that 




 Hasa Diga Eebowai 




 It is really awesome to hear that your parents didn't turn ugly. And, for real, congratulations :) 




 this needs more upvotes and we need to make a youtube channel and maybe get some tv commercials going if it really takes off. i support this fully. I'm in. 









 I don't normally upvote, but when I do it involves Blow Up dolls and Raptures :)

I want to do this now!!! 




 ^_^ it's just skin! haha...we taste like pork 




 I've chewed and eaten the skin tags on my thumb...does that count? it's kinda salty.. 




 This kinda shit has always bothered me. Even Amish know to bring their families into the hospital, dr, dentist if someone should need it. These people are just batshit insane and one step away from having a 'Children Under The Stairs' scenario.

/Everyone knows The Flying Spaghetti Monster DOES NOT FAITH-HEAL

 




 high 




 omg yes they do, and i dunno if this is normal but they also asked me if i did inappropriate behavior with my siblings. i freaked
 




 ...so tornados hitting TORNADO Alley is now considered a part of Global Warming?...okay....I'm still not 100% on the "every storm is global warming" bandwagon. I do, however, see an intensity with these storms that is upped from previous years but, we don't have thousands of years or even more than 200 years of info on what tornados can do...I dunno. Skeptical til I find out more :) If you do have info, plz don't bite my head off, instead, just share :) ty!! ( I 3 Learning) 




 Those seem like very old outdated and stuff... moving along 




 Huckabee biatches that she is unwed and pregnant, but, my my my, could you imagine what he'd say if she'd had an abortion?! yeah...

fornication happens, mike. deal 




 that's a fruit i'd like to see later on in the evenin' ;P 




 ...I just find it distasteful to try and make others feel like shit, really makes you look like an adult. 




 Thank you for writing all those words. 




 I was not aware there was! Thank you Flat_Lander :) 




 ^_^ thank you. that was rather awesome of a reply. maybe i have been talking with really big douchey atheists? and you are correct they are loud (anger and hatred have a tendency to be loud anyways) I dunno, I still don't like the term Atheist, but I guess that it doesn't really mean to imply the anger, just the lack of belief of god. 




 i know, but i was just thinking about that off-chance and kinda got sad :( fgm is so sad :( 




 **also-atheism isn't about belief, it's about a lack of belief** 




 No, no, you are right, I am indeed bitching. Also, I am not a "sir", heh. I just, I'm new here and I don't get how all the hating of theists is really any different from the hatred coming out of the Westborough Church. While the Westborough Church'll say god(who doesn't exist) hates you and is glad that our soldiers died, it's really not that different from how Atheists I see on here act toward religion/religious people.
And while I don't believe the shit they spew at churches, I do find that most religious people are generally nice if you don't tell your views. In fact, lots of people who are religious don't even really discuss it, they show they are "good christians" through their actions of charity and kindness. While maybe it's only b/c they think the flying spaghetti monster is always watching, it's a helluva lot nicer than sitting in a room of Atheists who are bitching about the theists. I dunno, maybe the poster above you is right about the "anti-theists". I'm not an angry atheist, and I'm not trying to push anything on anyone. I kinda like people to be, oh happy, and not oh, try to make others feel badly for what they think. :/ 




 it's nice to see that part of your good day was to make her feel bad... i am an atheist but it really pisses me off when atheists get off on making theists feel terrible about how they feel. if they aren't pushing their irrationality on you, leave it alone.
...consider the football player that always wears the same socks for a game, he thinks it makes him always win when he wears them, but doesn't tell anyone. he never hurt a single person due to his irrational thought and didn't press it upon his teammates to do something similar, and why would you make that football player feel bad about the socks he wears? same goes true for religion. however-if they are pressing their religion on you by all means talk with them about your viewpoints and don't agree with them, but for fuck's sake making people feel bad and being happy about that later, that's fucking sick and it's sadistic. goddamn atheists have a better than thou or smarter than thou attitude ... and you wonder why ppl hate you so much? think about it. 




 I can't believe I am the first one to point this out but...
if this story is true, and that girl just happened to be foreign, there is a chance she may have undergone FGM[Female Genital Mutilation], and would, indeed pee and bleed out of the same hole. Yeah, it's absolutely infuriating to think about it happening, but it does happen in USA and Canada as well as many First World Countries. TERRIFYING(fmg should be an awareness rage comic or somethin') 




 I want this to be true, oh so true.
/misses Pete and Pete too :( 




 i thought it was something spiritual as a child til i got older and realized it wasn't. always wondered if it had a name...both my boyfriend and i have this 




 good to see other people get out of that religion. i was raised in a part-member lds home, and i believed. i did until i started learning about the history and a few other things... grats.

did you ever study the history of joseph smith and what he did? 




 I live there off and on. Nice peeps! Cook out rox!! 




 I absolutely concur. 100%. I had this tequila hangover that wouldn't quit, but two hits later I was a-ok. Still a little groggy, but I was able to stop vomiting on a cross state trip thru Florida 




 I just went to PP for the first time yesterday. Thank you for working there. I am saddened that there is so much controversy over such an important service for women. The people who work there are not monsters, they are giving women a choice, a choice to keep themselves healthy and prepared. If it weren't for PP, so many home abortions would occur which are incredibly dangerous. I don't comprehend the negativity surrounding this, it's primarily for the safety of women and the choice is there's. BTW, PP is not just about abortion, but for many religious groups that is all they think about. Once again thank you and I hope your funding doesn't get cut. 
























 They are pretty damned similar 




 No, actually, I was way more interested in trying to figure out what it was. And also, remembering what I saw. It was amazing. 




 April 2, 2007. I wrote the event down in my journal 




 I realized it did not prove an existence of god. For some reason that specific line of thinking made me realize there was no god, as I previously would have expected such an event to prove to me there was.  




 He did not pull me over or anything. He just basically almost hit me and then got off at the next available exit. His lights were on but his siren was off. I really wished he'd pulled me over and taken some kind of statement from me. It was so strange. 




 I considered the possibility that I might be going absolutely insane. But my brain is usually pretty spot on. I was alone, unfortunately. I actually wished that the cop had pulled me over. I wanted to talk with someone else I KNEW who had seen it.  




 Anything by SeeingUfosPa is great :) 




 I saw this "unknown" while living in Florida. I was coming home from college class at night around 9:30. I had to drive from Orlando to basically Tampa (yea, it was a long way). I was just driving and to my right I saw this red light and then I thought, huh, what is that? And i saw this thing that looked like a red blood cell, and it just came toward me, made a beeline. It was really strange. I am actually amazed I didn't crash the van. 




 Yet I do not think that aliens in any way mean "there is a god" 




 It looked like a red blood cell. That blinked on and off, but kept a constant blood red glow to it. The part that looked like a "membrane" or "plasma" caught a lot of the light and seemed to prevent any kind of illumination on things unless they were very close (tops of trees, for example).

I saw it and it came right up to the minivan I was driving. About 25-30 ft away and slightly above my windshield. I saw the center of it. It looked like it was blood red, but I saw the center and it was yellow and white in the very center, and it was washing, like from the left to right, like in spin cycle. 
Then it just changed. The "membrane" around it faded away and the center stretched and it became what looked like a metallic remote controlled plane. Only flying backwards at 75mph and moving in a fig 8 pattern. It stayed there until (strangely enough) a police cruiser almost hit my minivan and came in between me and this thing and it veered off to the right and that is about when I lost sight of it. 




 In addition to going backwards, I was driving at 75 mph, and it was keeping a constant equidistance from me. 




 It was so close to me for one. So small. It looked like a red blood cell that would blink on and off, and then it shapeshifted into what looked like a plane. But even if it were a remote controlled plane, it would have to be going backwards, and the way it was moving was as if one was holding a baton in the center and moving it in a figure eight movement. It was pretty strange stuff. I have never seen anything like it, but I have seen videos on YT that really seem similar to what I have seen (including the shapeshifting). That makes me think, something is going on. 




 I understand, UFO is a very specific term. Would "unknown" be better? I saw an "unknown", I actually have no idea what the fuck I saw. :) 




 This. Is not relevant. 




 Because it made me realize a much much larger picture of life and how it works. I had always believed "God" had made beings on other planets (the universe is gigantic as all get out) but religiously I had been taught they could never come in contact with us. When I saw this I realized, we weren't the most advanced anything. I realized my insignificance and how amazing it is that I am even alive. And somehow all that just fit :) 




 3 for rawness 




 3 or maybe 2 




 I can't figure out what they're doing over england .... 




 What if one sees a supernatural event, can't prove it, but does not ever claim that event to be something from god, but something "unknown"?? 




 those girls have bad parents 




 Sexually, I agree with this and am willing to bet this woman is a sub. :) 




 Having had my own personal experience, I would lean toward the tendency to believe them. :)

And you're right, they do have a lot to lose. 




 The government isn't doing a good job of keeping this a secret. The number of former government employees, colonels, astronauts, pilots, air traffic controllers, etc etc who are coming forward in larger and larger numbers are telling the story. If they are to be believed then we have a giant leak instead of a cover up.  




 I don't feel bad, but I am constantly horny...am right now...damn... 




 Hello r/UFOs

Crop Circles for 2011

http://www.cropcircleconnector.com/2011/2011.html#OF

You are welcome :) 




 nosebleed. same shit used to happen to me as a kid. all the freakin' time, too. 




 Mmm... Out-of-bounds sexual lust :)

My favorite 




 While I don't know for 100% certain, my personal guess is that animal mutilations are possibly being done by e.t. for some sort of purposes I could only guess at. There are striking similarities between what happened to the people and what is found at animal mutilation sights. I could be way off and wrong, but it's my opinion. :) 




 Honestly, I remember church being filled with lots of very rotund ladies and gentlemen. They definitely weren't so pretty. Some of them were pretty, but most girls between 15-30, look pretty good. Then a lot of them get fat. And on medication for the depression they suffer from being mormon... bleh 




 Ok. This is for all the people who are saying the cop did his job and it was a bad situation blah blah blah.
He could have slit it's throat, quickly and nearly painlessly.
No, he bludgeoned it to death. On top of that, there was physical damage to the guys SIDING. When the fuck did the cop have to smash the cat into the side of the house? I really think this cop didn't like cats and really, he didn't do his job. There are many ways to kill a cat, bludgeoning ANYTHING to death is just heartless and indeed, inhumane. Fuck this officer. If he can't hold it together to realize a better way of ending an injured animal's life, I wouldn't trust him to 'protect and serve' me, my family, friends, or even enemies. 




 Dylatov Pass Incident. So much high strangeness associated with the case . 




 ive seen that before, i was a kid but thought it was weird... 




 I like the way it's progressed or "evolved" or is evolving! :)

It's how, I think, it should happen that way. 




 The Moon moves farther and farther away from us every single year, it is small but negligible. Therefore your last point has no relevance. 




 This is her main page; http://www.youtube.com/user/seeingUFOsPA?blend=1 ob=4#p/u/0/uQTi7xwozFc 




 Volunteer for Mufon, that is such a good idea. I'd like to talk with others about their unique experiences, I know how scary it can be. Almost traumatic in that your view on life changes abruptly. 




 http://www.youtube.com/user/seeingUFOsPA?blend=1 ob=4 




 Om nom nom 




 Heh, that's pretty damned close to what I saw, yes.
Additionally, I am saddened that many people have written her and said that she is just filming regular planes or she is using a form of trickery. Having seen this in real life, I can say I don't think what she is filming are real planes or is a fake craft. 




 Sake House is pretty good :) They are off Durant Rd 




 bcccl, this event absolutely changed my life. I know that sounds cliche. But it really did. I never looked at things quite the same way, I saw something that most people never even have conceived of. Just seeing this made me recognize how little we really know about, well, anything. We are still just learning what is out there and even what is here. Our Oceans are largely unexplored. We know so very very little, and yet what we do know seems so very vast. It's amazing. And I'll tell ya what, the part that I have cog dis about is really the FACT that I have no litmus test to really know if what I saw was indeed UFO, or of Earthly Origin, or, and I concede this is a possibility, I was hallucinating. I truly hope it is not the last.  




 A: Nope.

And I don't know why it showed me what it did.  I can go so far as to 
speculate that it may have been biological. Yet, I keep thinking it may have been from a Tier 2 civilization where it probably would appear to be biological.  And I will have the diagrams up tonight or tomorrow :) 




 You have no idea how much I'd like the rest of humanity to witness what I did, albeit maybe not as close up, so that they could see too. Then they would know there is more going on than their 9-5 lives. And it is lonely... I saw something so rare so amazing and yet if I tell people their reaction is that as if you said you saw a unicorn...they don't believe you and think your a bit looney or a lot looney. :( 




 My dad's reaction shut me up about it and unfortunately I didn't contact MUFON til a few years after the event. Thankfully they took my story seriously and asked me (at extensive length) the full account, details and all. I am so happy I contacted them, being able to talk with someone, even an investigator, was almost therapeutic. I didn't feel as though I was being judged, which was important to me.

I have not been on TV for this event, and I don't believe anecdotal evidence is evidence. It's personal knowledge and until they perfect memory extraction, it remains as it is, a memory. Yes, I am familiar with the account of the vehicle that was hit by a UFO and they collected a powder of sorts. Very interesting stuff, but I have never spoken with that woman.

I wasn't that tired at the time of the event. I stated already it was about 9:30pm and I had been released a bit early from my college class. I had a 1 1/2 hour drive home and when I finally got home and ready for bed, it was actually pretty late. So, when I wrote about it I just watned to get a few things in there about it. Including the initial diagram. I have since gone back and written more in-depth about my account, including better diagrams.

Also, in the past two years I have learned about the kind of UFO I believe I saw. There is a lady on youtube, her handle is SeeingUFOsPa, and the lady has filmed innumerable hours of what I am pretty sure is what I saw. Unfortunately, she hasnt released any vids that would show these craft coming up as closely as they did with me, not even half as close as my encounter. As to your medication question, I was 100% sober. I have never suffered hallucinations and trust me, I still question whether what I saw was real or not. The mere fact I wrote it down when I did pushes me to believe that something happened. 




 My dad's reaction shut me up about it and unfortunately I didn't contact MUFON til a few years after the event. Thankfully they took my story seriously and asked me (at extensive length) the full account, details and all. I am so happy I contacted them, being able to talk with someone, even an investigator, was almost therapeutic. I didn't feel as though I was being judged, which was important to me.

I have not been on TV for this event, and I don't believe anecdotal evidence is evidence. It's personal knowledge and until they perfect memory extraction, it remains as it is, a memory. Yes, I am familiar with the account of the vehicle that was hit by a UFO and they collected a powder of sorts. Very interesting stuff, but I have never spoken with that woman.

I wasn't that tired at the time of the event. I stated already it was about 9:30pm and I had been released a bit early from my college class. I had a 1 1/2 hour drive home and when I finally got home and ready for bed, it was actually pretty late. So, when I wrote about it I just watned to get a few things in there about it. Including the initial diagram. I have since gone back and written more in-depth about my account, including better diagrams.

Also, in the past two years I have learned about the kind of UFO I believe I saw. There is a lady on youtube, her handle is SeeingUFOsPa, and the lady has filmed innumerable hours of what I am pretty sure is what I saw. Unfortunately, she hasnt released any vids that would show these craft coming up as closely as they did with me, not even half as close as my encounter. As to your medication question, I was 100% sober. I have never suffered hallucinations and trust me, I still question whether what I saw was real or not. The mere fact I wrote it down when I did pushes me to believe that something happened. 




 I might try to get some pictures up, I do have a stylus/tablet handy :) 




 I've already contacted MUFON and the leading investigator for Florida called me. She and I spoke at length about my sighting.

The whole orb itself was not that big, maybe a little wider than my minivan front window(I should say the "plasma membrane" was as wide, the red blinking center was smaller, just think of a giant red blood cell). When it changed, the wings were also the same length as the windshield. 




 My immediate reaction was to try really hard to remember what I was seeing because I knew I'd never see it again and I had to tell someone. So I paid attention. Seriously. I felt like I had to stay calm, and I just kept driving, part of me wonders if I didn't partly have shock. 




 I thought I had been dreaming. When I woke up and found that I had actually written it and actually had experienced this I felt like I must have hallucinated the entire event. I thought about it for weeks. I finally told my Dad, and he had some words for me. He told me to "lay off the crack", got up and left the patio. I just sat there, too stunned to cry, but feeling so incredibly hurt. I had seen something so rare and it was thrown back at me.

4 years later, I still feel like I have no answers. I still struggle to understand what I have seen. I contacted MUFON. The lady I spoke with was very interested in what I had to tell her. She sounded very eager to hear what I had seen.

I'd like to also say, I've seen things in the sky before, but only way up high. Nothing could have prepared me for this. 




 I always wondered that myself. However, I have no idea. It was just very strange. 




 I don't have a scanner, so I can't do that. Not that it would matter, I didn't go that in-depth with my story in my journal as I wrote it really late at night and thought I was dreaming. I just wrote some stuff and drew a diagram before I passed out. 




 It was about 20 feet from me. I got a really good look at it. 




 just shared :) feel free to have a look bcccl 




 I am going to do this kind of as an AMA-style, but with the questions to have focus on the experience. Having said as such, this is what happened.

It was April 02, 07, around 9:30p, I was on the 408W at about exit 12 or 11. I saw a red light reflecting off the buildings and thought it was funny because of how high up it was, and thought maybe it was some emergency lights. I saw between the two buildings a red, pulsating light that was enveloped in what looked to be a plasma shield. My best way of describing it would be a red blood cell, complete with plasma membrane. I had a funny thought about it, when it turned to it's right and came up very quickly upon me and my minivan which I was currently driving.

This thing proceeded to be about 20-30feet in front and slightly above the van. It was pulsating a deep red and when the little ball would light up the "plasma" would catch the light. I noticed it appeared like a washer inside, as it seemed a 'red light liquid' was washing around an inner 'yellow light liquid' with maybe some white in the very center, as it was very bright inside, liquidy washing around. (so strange)

As I am watching this I realize the "plasma" is.. de-materializing? The center red pulsating ball of light started to spin and stretch and it grew wings. Wings like a plane, in fact, it looked a lot like a drone plane!!(Complete with a silvery finish, and what looked like a cockpit, however there was no 'tail end' to speak of) But...I was driving at a constant speed of 75mph(I don't speed and I had cruise control on), and to make matters more interesting, it was facing me. On each wing tip there was a light, one yellow the other white, blinking on and off back and forth. At the underbelly was the SAME red ball of liquid light, still blinking. It seemed wobbly. The best way to describe it would be if you held a baton at the middle and made figure 8's with your wrist. It would be that motion.

I remember looking back at one point, to see if other cars were around me because I noticed the cars all in front of me had pretty well taken off. I had no luck behind me as well. Not moments later, after looking, a police cruiser with lights flashing but no siren, came up from my left and almost sideswiped my van, coming in between myself and the craft "drone plane look-alike". 

The craft responded to this by veering off to the right and it "grew" for better of lack of a term, a spotlight, that I believe was behind the red light and as it had flown up to this brick building, it shined a light on a window on it. I tried to watch it as it flew away and I kinda wanted it to come back, but I lost sight of it. I lost sight of the police cruiser, too. I kinda really wanted him to pull me over, just so I could talk with someone else about what I'd just seen. Somewhere, that cop is out there, and s/he saw it too.

Ok, sorry for the wall of text, but I thought ya'll might want to hear it. It changed my fucking life. 




 Oh man, you have NO idea. I told my dad my sighting and he had a few choice words for me. It's very upsetting. 




 I don't doubt you saw what ya saw. I've shared a few similarly to you, and I'll tell you, it's good to know others saw some similar things. 




 No, my journal is this little diary that I had kept. I still have the it in my closet :) 




 read above reply :) 




 I think I might write it out as sort of an AMA on r/ufos. That way, I can tell my story to the right audience and will [undoubtedly] get much better direct questions. :) I didn't know anyone'd want to hear it. 




 Good thing he saw his far off, I had a nice close up and personal encounter. Left me questioning my own sanity, thought it was a dream, and wrote about it (with drawings of it) in my journal so if I woke up and it wasn't there I knew I was just dreaming. I still have this journal, with this information logged in there. Either I am still dreaming or I have to concede,  I really saw..something. 




 dude this just happened to me...hoorah
:D 




 I don't know, I think I'd just say, "Please deliver to [name of park]. Please remember plates, napkins, and (if possible) wetnaps. Please announce that this food is for the Occupy Protesters, not to be given to police or media." If the product is not food that can prove more difficult, but this is NOT impossible. We CAN support those in this movement, and let them know We Are In Solidarity. 




 umm...we DON'T go home and show them that we are really serious? Fuck that meme, we will prove it wrong thru actions that will become a real meme instead of simply sitting on our asses and making a new "no, we will stay, we promise!" meme. Now get out there! And if you can't, there are plenty of ways to keep the protest real for you. Try having products sent out to the protesters, have pizza's delivered, send ponchos, send blankets, etc etc. 









 Hi Lady :) Did he know if you were a virgin or not before he started dating you? It sounds like the church is a big part of his life, and it is interesting that he didn't say anything about it beforehand. Anyways, do you drink? And if you do, is that also an issue for him?

I am really sorry that you have to go thru this btw. I know that's GOTTA suck. Good Luck, whatever you choose. 




 A severe lack of the beef. 




 It's a trap! 




 Hey Mattato, let's do it. I been looking for some good vigilant justice.
haha

But seriously folks, these places need to be brought down and people need to be put in some incarceration. For real. 




 ^_^ welcome! I hope what you find here helps you!! If I were you I'd check out r/atheism. They are really nice there and give you an idea that not only are you NOT alone but a lot of people are disaffecting from their other religions because of facts.  




 I agree with most everything except that you kinda got on the people who make the pieces. Most people who are making their own piece should be 'smart' enough to ensure the safety of the wood. Otherwise, unless your in Cali...be careful ENTS 




 With all the evidence coming forward of the 'seeds of life' as it were being found in asteroids and possible water on Mars, the vastness and HUGENESS of the galaxy, not to mention the age of the freaking universe herself...

I'm just going with they point more and more toward that we cannot only be alone but that there is most likely to be civilizations that are far surpassing us in everything. Not to mention, there is some talk, wish I had the freaking source right now, that says some old life even on earth didn't use O2 the way we do. So... it's just really really likely that we could never have ever been 'alone'. As for ufo's...It's hard to provide strong evidence for what most likely doesn't want to be 'caught' and 'studied'. After all, if you went to a primitive village would you want them to do that to you? (just saying, we are primitive to their tech, hands down) 




 I don't know if it was doctrine, but I know that is something a lot of my YW leaders would point toward as 'proof' the church was true. 




 That's pretty hilarious.
In fact it reminded me of this:
I seem to remember as a young woman there was a big emphasis put on how a temple cannot be damaged by nature, only by man. This is because, once blessed, God protected it and those inside of it.  The Kirkland Temple in Ohio got hit by a tornado and so I asked about it. My teachers said it was because it was now 'owned by the reformed LDS that it was no longer under the same blessings'.
Has anyone else heard this? 




 My cat steals my underwear and puts it in her 'cathouse'. We lovingly refer to it as her "treasure" 




 This picture is as fake as god. Nothing to see here, move along. 




 Ooooh them's fightin' words. get those guys. get em good. and get it where it hurts. 




 ;P Why thank you 




 I never stated that I was seeing any therapist... And it wouldn't matter. It's normal and healthy to want to feel out of control for orgasms and pain.

Maybe someone should put you in a maid outfit with a buttplug and make you clean their home in heels. They can videotape you and tell you how sexy you look while cleaning up. Then, when that is over, they take the buttplug out of you and fuck the shit out of you...cuz um, you sound like a bitter sub. I used to be that way, then I embraced myself  :) 




 Wow, I can't tell if you're trolling or are really of that mindset.

But, no, nothing 'happened' to me, my mental health is fine and it would almost sound like your jealous of my openness. Too bad for you! 




 No no, don't stop. Do go on =p 




 It's not as easy as it would initially sound. I kind of live off my beau, so now I have to get my own job, my own car and get my shit together, then I can leave. This isn't going to be a quick thing. But, I'll keep you informed should I attend a munch. Fun fun... 




 Hahah cute!! You should PM me if you really want to get to know me tho. Also add where you stay. Im in NC. 




 I dunno, the more I learn about it the more I doubt. I just don't think that if they were there,they there was any real "teaching" going on. Probably just abductions like we see today. And sightings, b/c back then there really were 0 satellites, planes, rockets, etc. So when you saw something in the sky it freaking mattered. Probably enough to make carvings in stone. :D 




 Maybe I should go, at least to one. I know that the munches around here you can't just "go" tho. You have to set up an appointment and meet with the people who run it and they decide if you can attend. I have a lot of anxiety about that and, really, any info they can give you should be right on the website about it. Makes me more nervous than calm to be truthful. But I do think it's a good idea to go. It's a great idea. 




 Barely got that one time out of him...it was tooth and nail too. 




 we taste like pork :)
Mmm bacon 




 haha, i see you want to play into my subby nature by making me attend a munch! ^_^ I'm just nervous and shy irl... Not so much on the net, anonymity and whatnot. 




 I'm laughing really freaking hard. Where you stay?

also some hair pulling and ass spanking would be nice. 




 It's a little more difficult than all that. However, I have been kinda looking into munches in my area... I'm a little nervous tho.  




 Doin' great...how about yourself ^_^ 




 I've actually been considering getting one... =P 




 No I realize in this case, it's not a me or him issue. It's a both of us. I need something entirely vastly different than what he is able to provide for me. There's nothing wrong with what I want. He wants someone to video game with hours on end with sex a strong afterthought. Me? I need to be told what to do and made to feel sexy while being made to be submissive. I could care less about hours of gaming, I'd rather be tied up and have my ass high in the air and spanked. It's two very different people trying to make one relationship work, and it's failing. 




 Get to know redditors better...that seems like a challenge I can commit to! I love this place! 




 O.O i need one of you here. now. 




 you are entirely welcome sir, and thank you :) 




 hahah 




 Sometimes, it'd be nice if he just told me what the issue is. Is he not into it? Is he not into me? He said he doesn't think it's mean or bad and doesn't see a single thing wrong with it, but he refuses to do it. And most of the time, he just listens to me tell him about how I feel and what I need and doesn't say a word. He just stares blankly. I feel ... shut out. So, yeah, I think stonewalling is on point. 




 thinking about that makes my toes curl :) 
























 I wouldn't apologize for this. 




 ditto :) 




 That's pretty shit, bro. I'm sorry you are dealing with that, I do hope you avoided the trap of debt. o.o 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq3PpZGTGQ8 




 Lol. I feel that way... 




 Anyone know where they are hiring around here? I've been looking for a bit now and been turned down for every place I've looked. I know it shouldn't be this hard to find a job...

Any ideas or insights would be fantastic and greatly appreciated. I'm great with marketing and I know how to do receptionist/secretarial work. 




 This is one article that made me go YAY! 




 I know right, that photographer was a wimp 




 Sometimes I wish there were a hell, so the men that did this would go there. For taking the life of a child in this manner is definitely go-to-hell worthy. I guess we should just take it upon ourselves to find the perps and be on the upside of fucking the rest of their every day up. 




 In a radio interview they said they had issues with the waves for the first object while photographing it. They said that for the second object that the disturbances were much stronger. It was harder to photograph. While this doesn't mean it necessarily was magnetic interference, it was something they noted. There is a bit of discrepancy there, tho.  




 Those kids looked like any little kids. Small, fragile, innocent, full of life...and it was taken away because some old men can't talk out their problems like ADULTS. I'll never understand that. Ever. If I murdered people because I was angry, or appointed others to kill b/c I was angry, I'd be jailed. But you give me a title of "leader" or the ilk, and suddenly all this red-tape shows up and people get all scared. Grow up, assholes, they are murdering your children for fuck's sake. 




 i don't get why asking a fellow redditor that question would bother them so much, unless they were a dick. 




 I'd be highly skeptical of a meteorite, simply due to lack of evidence of any devastation that an impact of that size might bring to the surrounding land.

I fully agree there needs to be real-time video of this event, with multiple cameras on multiple live feeds. If aliens come out of there, I want to see! If it's a meteor, I want to see! If it's something man-made from Atlantis or what have you, I want to see that too! Truth is, it's not unheard of for governments to see something like this and close it off to the public due to "safety" or something. If that does happen, and there is censorship and a media-blackout occurs, pay very special attention to the terminology used, and people that live near there should be watching, too. They need to take pictures of the event, they need to ensure that the rest of the world knows what is down there. I don't think it's something we've ever seen before, but it could be an Oopart. I really feel like if that were the case, it'll be covered up, too. But if people are watching, and paying attention, then we will have info trickle out in the ways of videos, pictures, interviews, etc. 




 LoooooL 




 Not just the skeptics! There are people who are just blindly believing, they have a head nodding disease, they just agree with anything put forth on the subject. You have to approach this subject with a hefty level of skepticism. There are lots of liars out there, people that will say they had an experience just to write a book and make money off a popular topic. (This happens not just with UFO's and paranormal things, but women lie about being raped, but I digress...) If you are going to put forth an argument, have the common sense to be able to back it up, if you put forth information that you don't know is true, say you aren't sure. So many people aren't doing this on here. I find myself shaking my head at a lot of comments. It's really hard to see that. The discussions here could be epic and well thought out, but we are left with fluff and lots of lies and half-truths. :( 




 That water is very very murky. This is one thing that bothers me, if they find it, and it's not natural and either an Oopart -or- is Alien, then the probability of them actually releasing the findings are slim. I doubt it's a meteorite, simply because there would be more pieces of it, there would be evidence of an impact of water/debris on land. I doubt it's a 'lost civilization' because of the track marks, and that there are two of these. Heck, it could be some old Atlantian airship, but we won't know until they find out. 

Godspeed to tomorrow, June 1st, 2012. May they NOT raise Cthulhu. :P  




 Well, I like Toast, so we're in agreement. :) 




 Honestly, I wouldn't have said anything, but the more I am on this subreddit, the more upset I get with the spewing out of info by people who have obviously no idea what they are talking. I've studied the phenomena of UFO's (and other paranormal things), and I really hone in on the facts that can be derived. This case is so chock full of facts that it's hard to see people say "it's been debunked", or some silly uneducated, almost trollish, response. I realize being a jerk won't win friends, but there is a reason lots of people do leave this subreddit. I'd like to see it flourish, the way it truly should. I didn't mean to offend. 




 Wow. The level of ignorance in this thread hurts me. I guess I'll have to actually spell it out. There were 2 objects found at the bottom of The Baltic Sea. The first one, is the one that is usually shown in pictures. There is a second, smaller object, as well. They have long drag marks that are still at the bottom of the sea, b/c the Baltic actually is quite still and there isn't much to change damage done to the bottom, even after long long periods of time. Now, it looks like these two objects may have been together at one point, may have hit something and broke off into two trajectories. (this is conjecture, but there is some evidence to back it up). Now, the first object, while huge, to me isn't as interesting as the less-known second object. This one is interesting. When they  tried to take photographs of it, they had a difficult time due to magnetic disturbances.

Something is down there, I highly doubt it's volcanic due to this info.

For further reading: http://www.earthfiles.com/news.php?ID=1963 

:) *The More You Know!* 




 Explain the drag marks, from BOTH objects. Yes, there are two. Oh you didn't know, then sit the fuck down, child, you got some learning to do. 




 Hey! Where is the guy on Bath Salts! He needs to be represented!! 




 As an atheist, I am all for women standing up for themselves. No matter how trite the situation may be. Honestly, this woman had a right to do what she did. Fuck the religious police. They can choke on a donkey dick. 




 I was going to say the same thing. There are a lot of other benefits in the other chemicals in Marijuana. Not just soley with the THC. Also, the combination of THC with those other compounds actually have been proven to create effects than just those singular compounds isolated out. This study, while interesting, proves nothing. 




 I noticed that too. 




 This is one of those instances where the word "gore" is underrepresented. 




 ditto 




 It's just a really terrible place. 









 Good For Her.
She is a hero for her sisters. 




 I am really glad I'm not the only one that feels this way. I miss Art, but Knapp is the true successor to that seat. It's really unfortunate about Noory, he really almost seems like he dislikes his job. :( 




 not real, move along :) 




 I have enough people watching me, I'd be found out .

Having said that, I would take a piece and run. No doubt. 




 Thanks. I didn't know about the bdsm community. I subscribe to r/bdsm and r/bdsmgonewild already, but I didn't know where else to post this. I didn't know the responses to pain were that different. But then, I never really had a great partner. ^.^ I'm glad I do now tho! 




 It was definitely a new thing for me. I've been paddled before but not like that, and it was just so incredible. Hard to walk, hard to see...but incredible :)
I cannot wait to do it again!! 




 I was being paddled lol 




 This happened to me a few days ago. I'm no slouch when it comes to sex, or so I thought. The guy used a lot of foreplay and in the middle of it I had to walk a bit. I couldn't see straight, I couldn't walk, it was like I was so drunk. It was a bit strange and the guy was great, helping me walk and keeping me from falling.

Has anyone else experienced this? Is that normal?? 




 grats :) 




 Oh man. That was hard to read. . 




 Some countries are actually taking the issue of UFOs and Aliens much more seriously than the USA. Especially South American countries. Check it out 




 time to move. 




 She sounds like a bitch. I dealt with some of those at BYU myself. Stay strong!!  




 " This just seems like her and my dad's passive aggressive way of telling me im wrong."

I'd call it that too. Good luck Salaczar!

I can't believe she sent you to FAIRS... 




 Yes, I've seen the Santorum fanatics, too. 




 You realize 72% of Americans believe in U.F.O.'s right?

And, with all the recent revelations of creatures being found in the depths of the oceans exhibiting behaviors and abilities previously unknown to mankind, the public is becoming more accepting to the notion of U.F.O.'s is much easier to accept. It really seems that the only people who do not believe are either highly religious or people who dismiss the data for whatever reason. :)  




 I'm not going to do it. It's too risky, tempting tho. :) Maybe during the apocalypse, look me up? 




 You are right, you are meat while alive too.
And yeah, I would eat my animals or my family if it was socially acceptable and they were dead :)

It's not being disrespectful, I just really really enjoy meat.  




 Once you are dead, you are meat. Period. 




 My best case against Prions is this: You have to consume the body while it is still living. Want a thigh? You gotta chop it while the person is still alive. This is the best theory I have come up with to prevent the disease. 




 Humans are meat. I see no difference between an animal eating it's young, the cannibalism of one animal to another of the same species. Humans are animals, we have meat, time to eat! Om nom nom 




 People are meat. I'd have no issue with this, however, you should be aware, I don't find it sexual. I just really love meat and would love me some long pork. Mmmm yes ;) 




 more stories like this please. credible witness is credible :) 




 Now I know why she set fire to the rain. 




 Anyone else LOOOL at the pics of the Ancient Aliens guy and WoooT at Goldblum? 

Cool Story Bro! 




 I think some of the "ufo's" are alive...or are so completely advanced they appear to be alive. 




 Well put :) 




 I had this song in my head randomly today...so after reading this I HAD to listen to it :) 




 I questioned my sanity, too. But I don't think your crazy one bit, because I saw one of those blinking red lights. Get this: Some of them change shape. So it's no wonder they were all different shapes :) 




 I only saw one picture online...and I did a gis...maybe you can link where I can see some? (and also find out more info) 
Thanks :) 




 Yes

http://www.earthfiles.com/news.php?ID=1942 category=Environment

It looks like a hoax. 




 I've noticed a bit of the same in Raleigh... 




 I'm glad you shared this story :) 




 I REALLY like this idea. I think there is some tweaking going to be involved but it's actually not a difficult concept to make reality. We just have to get people interested in wanting closer contact. Your idea of hotspots is just the place to start marketing to! 




 I want to send them paint and paintbrushes so they can create positive artwork on the gate. Kind of a "fuck you, stay the fuck out, this is a Happy Environment" to all those assholes who want to machete good people. 




 Hey, it's how my TBM Mom recounted it. She may have sugar-coated thru the years :) 




 They were bringing in a piano into a very small room and told us to push our chairs back. When I did this my chair collapsed in my hands. I was very very little and it's a vague memory.
I do remember there was one other part of the 'miracle'. The dr said b/c  of the way my pinkies tendons were cut and stuff that I would 1. have no use of my pinkies ever in life and 2. They would never grow past a three year old size! Neither of those things happened.

The human body is an amazing vessel :) 




 PLEASE PLEASE RAGE FACE THIS!! I BEG YOU!! 




 I broke my two pinkies in church. This guy who drove me to the hospital also gave me a blessing in the hospital where they kept the prisoners (I have no idea why). As soon as the blessing was over I stopped crying, started to laugh and act like my fingers were fine.

Cue the oohs and aahhhs... 




 I went to BYU-Idaho. I laughed so freaking hard :) 




 Where are you? I'd be happy to help you in this venture :) 




 Actually, the government has done a terrible job of covering up the UFO/Alien matter. If anybody cares to look for it, the Press Club meetings are online for all to see.

I know, you don't want to find it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vyVe-6YdUk

There is a whole lot more than just this. The truth, so to speak, is out there. 




 I was looking at the picture when something was in my eye.
Holy shit, that, that is touching.
Go Reddit. :) 




 15,000 songs myself,... know how ya feel 




 those aren't your friends. fuck em 




 Thanx :) 




 Not sure if your really dumb or if your just trolling, especially when you are using Reddit (which won't exist after SOPA) to put forth your angst at the "circle-jerkers". 




 Do it guys :) 




 You are right, it was jarring. It completely shattered my view of the world and everything in it. I realized I knew absolutely nothing about the world and space in which I lived. I now knew something was out there, but as I have stated before, I would have expected some religious insight along with it, but..nothing. This lack of evidence in one manner and a strong opposition that is right in front of me(I was taught that there is NO thing out there, that this universe is void of all living things, even tho, in my deepest heart I thought it to be full of shit). To me, for some reason, there can't be a God if there is more. There can't be. And, even if there is, it's not for me to worry about. What I saw was much more interesting and definitely has a stronger possibility of reality (ufos/aliens) than an invisible sky daddy. 




 Where can I sign up to be the girl? 




 It was told to me to not do it, that it isn't worth the "five minutes of pleasure"

...about that ;) 




 *nods* we shall see :) 




 While you do have a point, I would prefer to leave that portion out as I have not delved into it at all :)

I would only like to give information that I feel is pertinent. I have never thought of my dreams to be pertinent, so.. I feel it would be in bad taste. 




 I still think it is just me coming to terms with the event, but if you really want to know...pm me? 




 That is very interesting. :)

I did have strange nightmares, really strange and spooky stuff, after the event. I don't know if that means anything, I always thought it was my brains own way of coming to terms with the event. I wouldn't be adverse to learning more. I am curious now. 




 I really didn't think to, other than just me knowing what time it was because I would drive this route a lot :) 




 Nom :) 




 Yes, I am a 'she'. :) 




 I do not know what it was or where it came from. But the event, whatever happened, changed my life. Forever. I don't expect many people would come out the same if face to face with such an unknown.

*(also, ufo does not mean extraterrestrial. Taken as what it is Unidentified Flying Object is just that. Unidentified. Therefore, Unknown. But, maybe, not unknowable?) :) 




 Like I said, I was sober for this. And, truthfully, I'm glad I was. I had my faculties about me and instead of freaking out I just tried really hard to remember exactly what I was witnessing, so I could write it down later. (and I did) 




 I have wondered about that myself. I don't know it it will be of any help, and I would want to go to a reputable hypnotherapist as well. Preferably one who doesn't just shut me out upon hearing I saw something and I don't know what it was. 




 No. More like a red blood cell, however that is a neat pic :) 




 ahh gotcha :)

Thank you for clarifying. And, yes, I realize with no physical proof it would be truly impossible to explain, and, honestly, I can't blame people who wouldn't believe my assertion without it. 




 Interesting theory. I get what you are saying, however, I do not fit this description, as I openly admit I have no idea what it was. (and even that it might all be in my mind, even tho I am of pretty sound mind) 




 It happened so long ago, but it's not impossible as I did write down the date, time and highway (down to the exits) in my journal when I got home that night. 




 I have never heard of this syndrome, and I think many people suffer from this. Have you ever met someone who watches and believes everything Fox News spews?

And, if you had read my previous responses, I do concede that I do not know for certain what it is I saw. I can't. I'd never seen anything like that before. It truly should be called an "unknown" but saying UFO is slightly easier to express to people who do not know what to make of it when you say "I saw an unknown". To say I believe-in what I saw, would be untrue as well. 




 Because it wasn't a space wizard as you put it. I saw an unknown. And, maybe to you there is no connection, but you are not me. To me, as I have stated, this event seemed to me, like what one would say was religious, but what I experienced was not religious in any nature. I just witnessed something I could not explain and it clicked in my mind that events like this do not a god make. 




 Only smoke the ganga. But I was sober that night. 




 I was absolutely sober for this event. I was driving home from Massage Therapy class. I do not believe I was even working on anyone that night, just basic studies.

It looked like a red blood cell, until it shifted it's shape. Like I said, I can call it a UFO but, in reality, what I saw was an "unknown". And it definitely seemed alive in some manner. Of course, I have to concede that even some of our technology to date would seem almost "alive" to someone living in the middle ages. (Especially if that object is remote controlled in some manner) 




 I have considered the possibility that it was all in my head. However I do not believe the event to be as such. The officer almost hitting me definitely alerted me to the strong possibility that s/he was seeing this too. 
























