 Spoilers...  




 Amazing name you have, haha 




 Huh? Is that supposed to be the Human Being?...  




 I haven't seen it yet but I've heard good things and want to see it 




 Bad Words and Chef. I don't remember much being posted about either but both are really good 




 As credible as any rumor. It's false until proven true from a official source 




 If it doesn't have the little blue indicator by it, for a page that big and a topic like that, it's not a verified page.  




 That's not an official page and that is just a rumor. Nothing to see here. Move along. Move along 




 Good. Keep those characters on the original Agents of Shield.  




 I know but still, no other characters have bled into the other movies 




 Considering The Force Awakens takes place 30 years after Return of the Jedi, Obi Wan died in a New Hope which is a few years before that, was a 60 year old hermit at time of death, and Domnall Gleeson is 31, I'd say YES! 

But no, really, probably not.  




 I am in the exact same boat... Exact.  




 I just recently did. It's not that it's bad, it's just less good than others. And to me, it's equal with 6 right now. The only season that's less than "really good" is Season 4. 




 I love that movie. It separated itself from Iron Man to make it feel original yet still fed into the Universe very well 




 Other than your power ranking, I agree. It's been really good. My ranking would be 2  3  5  6 = 1  4.  




 He kinda reminds me of James Spader. Not sure why. 




 Not me. I thought Captain America was too cheesy to be good as a movie like Iron Man. That first movie proved me dead wrong. And he has been one of my favorites personally and has had the best movie (The Winter Soldier)  




 For sure!  




 In a lot of ways, yes, but it still will be a Cap movie and go through his arc. The whole story will feature all of these characters but most likely will be told from Steve Rogers' perspective.  




 It's usually lame, makes the movie darker and less clear. The only good example I can think of is Avatar because it was actually filmed in 3D rather than thrown together in Post. Sometimes it's not bad, but I'd never choose 3D over 2D unless that's the only way I can see it in IMAX 




 That cast list is HUGE! And Amazing! Finally tying The Incredible Hulk movie back in with General Ross, tying in Ant Man and Black Panther, AND current Avengers. This could be better than  the Avengers movies!  




 Yea, some movies are or do both but it's not always an option nor is it as regular as IMAX 3D as an option.  




 I have one by me, didn't know that though. I've seen a few movies there and it's incredible. Just never knew they couldn't do 3D. 




 You are probably right, but I hope it is actually made for true IMAX. I actually have one close by that is awesome when something has true IMAX shots. 




 That's an interesting option 




 I've seen it for a few movies here in America but it's not a popular option only because Studios make more money on IMAX 3D 




 Well, it's brand new technology so we'll have to wait and see I think. 




 For sure, I'm sick of either getting a small screen or straight to IMAX 3D. IMAX 2D should be an option.  




 That is going to look amazing! The first movie fully in IMAX, cannot wait 




 In the wake of JJ saying that he is removing some of the references to the other movies, I truly have hope that these movies will stand on their own rather than just pieces of nostalgia. Familiar but new 




 I use chrome for the functionality. It's a little slow sometimes and needs a "desktop only" mode buy other than that, I like it 




 That is awesome to hear! Thanks for the quote.  




 It was a moment of aggression after someone called me a shitty fan. Anyway, I agree with you. The Wild went to the point for way too many shots and barely ever got a loose puck. Among many other issues. I still believe we have the talent, we just need to get our shit together.  




 An educated discussion about hockey was not called for when he said "I must not watch much hockey" and that I'm a "shitty fan". My response was warranted. Im also a former player, which I assume most of us are on here. You know what really made us look Dumb? Losing. The chanting is the crowd trying, clearly unsuccessfully, to get something going. Again, I'm not a huge fan of the "goalie name" chant and I didn't even participate in it because like you said, it won't work on Crawford. But I understand the reasoning behind it.  




 Exactly how am I a shitty fan? 




 Haha, I've been to more games than you've seen on tv or otherwise. 




 I WAS there, i didnt participate in it, but i understand the real reasoning. Yes, there are some dumbass fans, but that is what it is meant for. 




 Not really. As i said, its meant to get in his head and make him screw up. It clearly didnt work tonight. But chants aren't only meant for after a goal or when we are winning. We need to keep the crowd active, support our team, and get it rowdy to distract the opposite team. Im honestly not a big "Goalie name chant" fan anyway, but that is the reason for the chant. 




 I never boo my team but the "CRAAAAAAWFOOORD" chant is meant to psych the goalie out and get into his head. He did play a great game, sadly, but the chant isnt saying "You suck" its saying "Screw up". Now, if we started the "Sieve" chant...then you would have a major point.

There is a similar chant in College hockey that DOES mean "you suck". That would go "Craaawford...Craaawford....Craaawford...SUCKS!". I think that is what you are thinking of. 




 Never sure about the character on GOT but really like the actor 




 1. Sam Jackson and Gazelle did not have phones with the SIM card that creates aggression. Nor were they close to any of them, therefore it wouldn't affect them. The chip was explained to people getting one put in them that it was to not get affected but really they were control chips.

2. He got the chips to explode because he knew they could be set off (as it did with Mark Hamill's character). Again, the chips were truly meant for control. Not sure what the full potential of them were as we never got that far in the movie but he could use them to Kill someone that betrays him.

3. Eggsy was in the military and learned combat from there, the rest came from the Kingsman training which took place over months (we only saw portions of it but you'll notice the amount of time passing be Eggsy's hair length). 

4. Roxy was clearly not quite as good as Eggsy as he helped her along the whole training. Plus she had not directly dealt with Valentine.  




 I'm really liking the Twelfth Dr. Who. But I think the Eleventh Dr. Who is my favorite so far.  




 Just wasn't on my mind anymore because you were so unimportant. You don't even piss me off, you are just a nat that won't go away is all. You also base my taste in movies off of one movie, wow. And just to shut your trolling down, this is my last post in the thread.  




 But I've already gotten to you. I forgot about this thread and you are still running on. And you are right about one thing. You can't get somebody when you are wrong. I can't be gotten. Hahaha 




 BAHAHA! You are still on this?! Man, I really got to you, is your eye twitching yet? 




 No, haha. Not many on message boards or friends agreed at the time. I know I'm not that important.  




 The Amazing Spider-Man did okay critically and good financially but is still the 4th highest grossing Spider-Man film behind even Spider-Man 3. And The Amazing Spider-Man 2 had worse critical reviews and is the 5th highest grossing Spider-Man movie, out of 5. But anyway, my point was more to the fact that a third was not made and rights given to Marvel and Marc Webb has no movies lined up. 

Also, I'm not saying it's impossible for new directors to lead a blockbuster, Jon Favreau had little experience and did Iron Man, as you said. James Gunn did Guardians. My complaint was specific to Marc Webb, he did music videos and one mediocre (in my opinion) romcom. And I wasn't entirely wrong because The Amazing Spider-Man franchise didn't exactly become the next Iron Man or anything. It's not all his fault but I still don't believe he was the right choice 




 Maybe he was initially cast or something. He would be great on the show though. 




 Not exactly but he wasn't a plus to either movie. He had no action experience and barely any feature movie experience. And people aren't exactly lining up for him to direct their script. 




 I agree with you on the story. But the product was cool for a single watch. 




 500 Days of Summer. Great cast but it was so slow paced and didn't ever go anywhere. Yet everyone seems to like it who have seen it. Especially around the time The Amazing Spider-Man had just attached Marc Webb as director. I felt it was a terrible choice. No one listened. We all know how that ended up. 




 Im not being a dick, im truly curious. Why stop? The rest was just filling OP in on what happened so their not disappointed with Season 4 and not continue on because 5 and 6 are great. 




 Why, if you are such a big fan, have not watched all of Community or kept up with it? Also, just so you know, Season 4 was not done by Dan Harmon as he was fired. Then he was hired back for season 5. Community got canceled due to the low viewership, and then revived on Yahoo Screen for Season 6. 




 Pretty sure it's a behind the scenes photo 




 They are white/cream. Where did you get it?  




 What is the color of the Jersey? Can you provide a photo of it?  




 Exactly 




 I'll still see both and hold any real opinions until I at least see some footage but I'm skeptical now just because those two topics can very easily be botched. 




 I get that for sure 




 Not twitching at all. You can have your opinion. I'm not trying to change it at all. I'm only trying, apparently unsuccessfully, to make you understand that the majority opinion of something doesn't revolve around your viewing of a film, nor mine. 




 No, not at all. I just don't see how people think they outright sucked this past game. We made a few costly mistakes which we should rightfully gripe at. I'm talking about the people who said we straight up sucked and have give up. Wasn't really meant directly at you 




 My evidence is based on all critics, box office numbers, and everyone who saw the movie who has a rotten tomatoes account. Yours is based on a few reddit posts out of the many enjoying it, you and your friends, and your opinion on what people who haven't seen the movie yet will think. No matter the movie, you are in the minority. I can say for fact that most people who have seen the movie enjoy it and most critics as well. You can speculate what the future viewers might think. Far from fact. 




 All I'm saying is they didn't score any goals by naturally coming into our zone and scoring a goal. They were all caused by our mistakes which, if fixed, can allow us to win. By the way, it's unbelievable that I'm defending our team against our own fans. Where is our loyalty to a team that actually did play well expect for a few costly breakdowns 




 Yes, there were some but no different than them at some points in the game. You are taking the negative points in our game and amplifying them to outweigh what we did well under the circumstances.  




 You don't have to like the movie, but you were trying to make the point that your opinion is the majority which it is not. Not saying I'm right either. Just that I'm in that majority in liking it. And I'm actually not deep into fanboydom. I've not read any of the comics, just enjoy most of the films, including this one. No my soul does not hurt every time somebody doesn't love Marvel. Having said that, it should be expected to receive defense for a movie that a majority of the people who have seen it, like it. No matter what it is. 




 Glad you have a few friends you can hate on the movie with. That is clearly the minority opinion. As shown by the amount of money it brought it, the critical acclaim, and the audience praise, the movie is good to most. 

Just because you, your friends, and a few posters on reddit don't like it, does not make that the majority opinion.  




 I'm fairly sure movies like this one are made for people who generally like superhero movies. The people who are going to go see it, for the most part, enjoyed the first one and understood it. Clearly those people will understand and enjoy this one. All of the critics that are going to write a review have already done so and it's at a 75% which is damn good (albeit, not as good as the original but still very good).  




 [Yea...because people hated Age of Ultron](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/avengers_age_of_ultron/)  




 Our defense had a few breakdowns of which the blackhawks capitalized each time. If it weren't for those, they would not have had any goals. The D had 3 turnarounds that resulted in 3 goals which sucks and is unfortunate but other than that, we played well. If we can tighten up the D to not make those mistakes, we can beat them. The team as a whole did not look sloppy nor marginal, otherwise it would have been 7-0. We had strength, good passing, Good scoring chances, control, speed, and cool heads (especially after getting down again).

3 mistakes cost us the game but that does not make our game play diminished besides those.  




 You lost me at the title 




 It's only a meltdown if we just suck and lose out. Both games we played well. Sometimes better than them (others pretty even). We just have to adjust some things to have less turnovers. 3 out of the 4 goals were off of Wild Turnovers yesterday. To give up on a team after two games is a cop out. It's not true fandom.  




 Have a little faith. We lose two really close games and you are counting us out? Cmon... That's just bandwagon BS.  




 He was great in the role. I would like it if they revived him or saved him but the death does hold a lot of weight. Either way, this role opens up an already good career for him 




 Look at it this way, since it wasn't well received, if it didn't have the 7th Doctor, there would be no reason to consider it canon. A lot of people have grown to love the 8th doctor due to his audio stories and The Night of the Doctor. None of that would potentially exist if it weren't for 7's regeneration to 8 being shown in the movie. 




 That's alright. At least you tried.  




 Absolutely not. I'm watching it in the Theater for the first time. No two ways about it.  




 Glenn said that that was a mislead and that is not The Waitress' name. But thanks for playing 




 Spider-man 3 




 The 2nd one wasnt perfect but i still thought it was really funny. 




 Haha! That makes me happy that someone got it 




 Season 7 is my favorite season. 




 I would have loved that. 




 Yes. But the fact that they had him it made it better 




 Anybody else pissed that the one guy pounding on the glass with seats behind the net is still there from the last game? 




 The casting of 8 and having 7 in it for the transition. Other than that, it's just okay for me. After seeing 8 back in the Night of the Doctor, I reeaaaally would like to see more of his later years 




 No fakes look decent... 

Edit: Seriously. They are always off colored, have terribly fake looking patches, the numbers/name stitching is shotty. Not even close to the real thing. At the last game I was at, I literally saw one that had the Wild logo Tilted fully on its side. How could they think that was legit or look good?  




 Grilled Cheese wins. But only in a fair fight. If it's prison rules. I'd take the taco.  




 Hulu  




 Sports scores, package tracking, flight tracking, email reminders, TV show reminders, weather, etc. It's very useful once you get used to it and start using it more 




 Yes, but without the trial and going to jail and everything. I liked the Seinfeld finale but for IASIP it would be great if it were literally just like any other episode 




 I've said it before but my perfect finale would be just like any other episode. And after its all done, Mac would run in saying "Guys! I got News!" Then it would cut to black and do the usual "Thursday" "2:30pm" "Philadelphia, PA" with them discussing their next scheme in the background and then all the way through the credits. The End. I like to picture that even after we end with them, nothing ever changed and they continued their shenanigans after.  




 Wow an article talking about how bad a movie is when critics and moviegoers agree it was great and providing no proof nor examples of why it was bad.  




 It's available for purchase as a Digital set as well. It's not on Netflix or Hulu or anything. Basically, if you want to watch them, you have to buy them. As it should be.  




 I just went on Taptu and saw that the app was being retired on March 31st, 2015. This was my favorite app, anyone else have a RSS reader that is similar in setup? 

I have now tried Feedly and Palabre and both are ok but have terrible or no widgets and no way to flip easily from site to site. 

EDIT: Thank you all for the suggestions, Ive checked out everyone's suggestions and am testing between Paperboy and Palabre. Both are nice apps but need some work so I'll stick with both until one gets better than the other. I still miss Taptu.  




 I go to /Film and ComingSoon.net for movies and they have some TV News but is there a good website that is similar to those but for TV (besides this subreddit)?  




 It feels like the season started last week. But man, it has been a really good one. What is your favorite episode or moment from Season 10? 




 Jesus...Am I the only one who had to work today? I know I don't hold the right to complain about stuff being spoiled but I'm dying inside with every minute I can't watch the new episodes... Only an hour and a half left...  




 I personally hope we have at least an appearance from Shirley. And that Troy comes back obviously. I also am excited about the new characters. My expectations are about medium because I love Community but we are now missing 3 of the main study group members. But I have faith in Dan Harmon. How about the hint to more paintball (Dan's photo of Chang's gold gun)?  




 I was just watching Attack of the Clones and wondering if the scenes in Anchorhead where the Lars family lives (Luke's home in A New Hope) were filmed in the same location/same sets in Tunisia? I searched Google and couldn't find much. Just thought it would be really cool if they used the same filming locations/sets.  














 So I just got back and it was hilarious! Definitely not as classic as the original but found myself with uncontrollable laughter a lot! I know some people will see it differently but I really thought it was funny. Anyone else see it or want to know anything?  
























 No clue, haha 




 The app for Excel is incompatible with my device. Lame 




 I'm not Indian but I really didn't find it that offensive towards Indian people/culture any more than any other shows doing the same towards American culture/people. It was just a funny comedy show 




 [Is this a joke?](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/X-Men:_Apocalypse) 




 Mine would be Outsourced. It was on NBC for one season and was surprisingly funny.  




 Also Undeclared 




 [Takers](http://static.stereogum.com/uploads/2009/09/takers_poster.jpg). Worst photoshopped poster ever 




 He finally had surgery at the end of Iron Man 3 to remove the rest of the shrapnel, which was the reason he had the arc reactor in his chest. So the issue was solved and there was no need for it anymore. It was iconic for Tony Stark/Iron Man but if it is no longer necessary, it would only be kept for fan service. Plus, it is still a part of Iron Man because it powers the suit 




 My point is that you tried to make a comparison/connection between two shows who share pretty much nothing in common.  




 Better Call Saul is like Lost. Only it's just like the flashbacks, without actually being a flashback, has a completely different plot and purpose, is much more focused, and, well, I guess is nothing like Lost.  




 Ouch...  




 Yea, that's cool. I personally would have liked to have seen more plot but to each their own 




 Windows Vista, although pretty terrible and hated, still was functional and used for years by the general public. Apple maps was a terrible product by a company that had yet to fail in recent years. It was an epic failure 




 Oh, most definitely! I thought that at first too. Either way, great episode 




 The episode is called Charlie Work by the way. The jazz drumming was said by the cast as a true coincidence. When  they made the episode, Birdman was not released. But it does seem like an homage to that even though it is to True Detective.  




 I didn't think it sucked but thought it was okay. I had never seen a Mad Max movie but was convinced by the reviews and people on here to see it. It had good things and bad things about it. Ultimately I left entertained but not blown away. 

Good: The cast, Cinematography, action. 

Bad: weirdness, bare bones plot, action sequences took up too much time of the movie and became repetitive. Little character development.  




 The motorcycle jumps happened a few times throughout the movie (at the meet up point for the deal and at the end with Furiosa's people), same with the bombs and porcupine car attacks. The only one you mentioned that didn't was the pendulum boarding which was towards the end. But as a whole, it was the large tanker in the middle and then all driving on the the sides and doing a few different ways of attack. 




 Nope. Kevin James is a funny person who has done some bad roles. Rebel Wilson is not a funny person in bad roles 




 They were moderately inventive in the first half hour of the movie. Then they became repetitive. 




 Fast   Furious, Need For Speed, and plenty of other movies used practical stunts for the action  sequences. Mad Max is just following the returning trend of using more practical stunts and effects 




 I didn't say it was lacking "a" plot, I said lacking "in" plot, meaning exactly what you said, it was a simple plot. There could have been a bigger plot/reason for the movie.

And no, I have not seen the other 3 movies, which is the reason for this particular thread.  




 I was satisfied, just not blown away like everyone else. The problem though is that every sequence was similar. Yes, it's a chase movie but there could have been way more inventive ways of attack but for the most part it was the same throughout the movie.  




 I saw it because I was convinced by the reviews and the people on here. I thought it was entertaining but was lacking in plot and was very weird. Great cast and Cinematography and the action was good but it took up too much of the movie. It was good for a watch but I didn't leave thinking "I HAVE to see the other movies now". 

I honestly think a lot of people are too afraid to post even if they thought it was just okay because of the potential riotous comments and downvotes but I know my opinion is in the minority so I am ok with it 




 Definitely Community. Also, Party Down, Workaholics, and Broad City 




 I don't have a problem with the action sequences. They were entertaining just not revolutionary like some people have suggested. Nothing about the way they were filmed was particularly new. It was mostly the content of the action that people enjoyed. There have been many movies that, besides the content of the scene, have been filmed/edited similarly. My problem was the content itself. It was very repetitive and took up most of the movie leaving little room for me to even care about what the story is, who these characters are, what the history of this world is. Again, I was entertained, but it wasn't anything more than that for me.  




 I saw the movie and thought it was okay. The cast was great, the Cinematography was great, the action sequences were far too many but decent, the plot was lacking, and mostly it was just plain weird. It was entertaining for sure, and I'll probably get downvoted for this since everyone around thinks it's the greatest movie ever, but to me it wasn't. 

Before you come at me hard, I didn't say it sucked and I know I'm in the minority.  




 This was on Funny or Die yesterday.  




 This isn't where i parked my car! 




 I use the Google Now launcher on my phone and it still works fine 




 I could see that for an episode but not an entire season. It worked in the episode format for Community.  




 I loved those movies when I was younger. I am definitely open to another one! 




 Tommy Boy 




 Good to hear from a similar point of view. I think I'll give it a try. 




 Perfect, thanks 




 Star Wars will be his crowning jewel. It's make or break. I have total faith in him for it, and once he is done, I can't wait to see what he takes on next.  




 So, do the trailers do the movie justice, are they just trying not to give too much away? Because i remember the trailer came out and /Film and other sites were freaking out and as someone who knows basically nothing about the movies, didnt find anything that grabbed me in the trailer. 




 Thank you for this, this is exactly the type of comments i was looking for. 




 So, this subreddit has been gushing over Mad Max: Fury Road and I don't have a problem with that. The reviews back you all up. But for us who have never seen the other movies and are on the fence about seeing it, please convince us why we should see this movie this weekend. Personally, i like Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron but the trailer made it seem over the top and lacking in plot detail.

I know I'm not the only one in this boat, so here is your chance to change our minds. If you don't care, then just move along.

If you have seen it already, please hold on the spoilers. Thanks,

EDIT: Well, that was quick. Thanks for the responses, you have effectively swayed me to give it a chance. Keep the discussion going though for others like myself. Thank you.  




 Amazon has them. 




 Read the user name I replied to 




 No. There isn't in the books either. But there are some very good micro brews made specifically for the parks at the Hog's Head Pub and the Leaky Cauldron 




 Daredevil says Hulk's in the movie. I believe him 




 I don't know, I don't remember seeing signs for it but I heard about it online before going so I ordered it at the Leaky Cauldron 




 Yes, I was there in November and it was brand new.  




 I'd like to see Mad Mad 2: Madder Mad 




 I've never noticed it, have no idea what you are talking about.  




 No problem 




 There are 3 kinds at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. Frozen which, as someone else said is like a slushy. Cold which is similar to a Cream soda with Butterscotch, vanilla, and a creamy foam topping. Both of those are tasty and sweet but the best is the third kind, most recent addition, and closest to the book. Warm/Hot Butterbeer. It's delicious and comforting. Hints of vanilla and Butterscotch. It's creamy with the consistency of hot chocolate. It's like the best warm beverage you'll ever have.  




 [Here you go:](http://imgur.com/tflPkv0) 




 You said "and provide contact information" and I assumed you meant the driver's info to report. So sorry for that. Everything else in my last post holds true except for that.  




 GPS speed tracking is fairly accurate when you are in a car on a highway but in a metro area it's not. Not to mention, it's only "fairly" accurate therefore not exact enough to enforce. Then the app would need to save the speed and have some way of proof that that was the speed at that time. Then the app would need to recognize where you are for the specific Speed Limit (which I don't believe exists yet). Then it would need to have access to employee records for the public transportation, employee schedules, routes. None of which is legally available to the public. Even if all of that came together, it would be expensive to build, highly illegal, and have no way of enforcement due to it being a unreliable, non-government issued app that anyone can use to try to get a driver a ticket or worse, lose their job.  




 Request: App that Tony Stark had in Iron Man 2. Ya know, the one used to "Commandeer" government screens in seconds. 

That's my request in case someone finds OP's app for which the technology also doesn't exist.  




 How did you even spot that! Good find 




 Ye have little faith. Yes, his film and television work has been darker in tone but he is a damn good director. I think he was a great choice and I can't wait 




 I'm good with this decision. But he has not been officially cast. Just is officially "in talks".  




 That is true there are different types. In another post on  this thread I stated that in the age of Scary Movie and Not another Teen Movie, Parody has mainly turned into a disrespectful type of comedic Imitation/reference.  




 Didn't even see it.  




 Not in high school. Past college even. And my "knowlege" was "dropped" because even people on here weren't understanding the difference.  




 You used the one example from the villain character of which the entire episode is against. At the end of the episode, that character gets so into the game and he gets invited to play again by Neil who had given up hope until this game. 

EDIT: This is your second reply trolling me, why are you trolling?  




 It was a short gag in an earlier episode. The episode you linked came out a year after Community did their D D episode and i dont follow every episode of The Big Bang Theory, just try to watch an episode here and there to see if my opinion changes. 




 No, and you're not the only person to bring up an older example and not read any of my other posts explaining that in Modern media Parody has become what I said. And by no means is that the only type of Parody but simply the most popular use today.  




 Read other comments. Someone else pointed that out and I replied 




 Like I said, it has Everything! Ha 




 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. You get a little of everything, the trio is still at school, some humor, some Horcruxes, it's my favorite movie 




 I didn't make up that name, I've seen it used many other places. And it's not meant to be insensitive,  it's simply a joke on the Internet. Not meant to be taken seriously. I apologize if I offended you, that was not the intent.  




 Exxxxxxactly.  




 Hence the words "Modern Media" in my other post. Since those days of pure Parodies have come the Scary Movies, Not Another Teen Movie, etc. Times have changed and parody, for the most part, seems to come along with a negative connotation or disrespect of the source material today. That's not always the case but is quite a bit and in the case of The Big Bang Theory, their style of parody is with lack of respect to the source material. Usually Community goes along with Homage rather than Parody. Some people, including Community fans don't notice the difference, which is not a big deal, but there is a difference 




 Ha, yea. Autocorrect on my phone.  




 Parody is simply making fun of something by way of Imitation. In Modern media it is usually used with disrespect towards something. 

Homage is respecting something through Imitation or reference. In comedy, it is used to reference something in respect while also poking fun at it. 

EDIT: Not sure why I'm getting downvoted when I explained the definition of Parody and Homage and how they are typically used in comedy today.  




 Didn't know that but see my reply about Parody vs. Homage. I'm sure it applies 




 Yea, no problem. I kinda was wondering why this was directed at me. But no big deal. Haha. But the one thing I've taken away every time I catch an episode of the Big Bang Theory is that it is not making nerd culture look good or cool. The best description I've heard is that it's Nerd Blackface.  




 Not saying they "can't have more" or that they won't have a callback that would surprise me. Just those are the only ones I want and I don't want it to be too many callbacks to the original trilogy just for fan service. But with what JJ Abrams recently said, it won't be 




 True, but even the "themed" episodes I've seen of The Big Bang Theory are a Parody of something rather than an Homage. Parodies show lack of respect for the source material whereas Homage pokes fun with respect to the source material 




 These are the 2 callbacks that I would love to see, other than that, I don't want many more 




 People who watch the Big Bang Theory aren't dumb (well, of the 20 million that supposedly watch weekly, there probably are some.) but the show is standardized comedy that goes for the cheap laugh every time. There is such a thing as Dumb Comedies being really funny, Big Bang Theory is not one of them (at least for me). 

Community is Advanced Comedy. It's not for everyone because you need to understand the show and it's references and humor. It's smart in the sense of comedy, not actual intelligence. 

I know a lot of actually smart individuals who watch the Big Bang Theory and think it's God's gift to comedy. I completely disagree with them, but they just want to watch something that they don't have to think and that one has a ton of promotion and a ton of viewers.  




 Not sure where it came from but the best back up to this quote is how each show handled Dungeons and Dragons. 

Community: Two full 22 minute episodes dedicated to the game showing how it works and making fun while respecting the source material. All the while having an underlying theme/reason for playing that serves a purpose to further character development. 
 
The Big Bang Theory: A 20 sec gag of the nerdy characters playing it and the girl makes fun of them because it sounds like nerdy gibberish. Makes the characters look weird for playing it and moves on with an unrelated storyline. 

I don't even play D D but which one shows more respect, heart, and was funnier? Community.  




 I like Rainn Wilson and I liked the show but it really wasn't a new concept or that great of storylines. I liked the cast but overall it lost my attention after about 4-5 weeks.   




 Maybe, I'm not ruling it out 




 It got better the last few seasons but still not like it was. But those middle seasons were just blah though, you are right about that. 




 I also am not going to see it because I never saw the originals and this movie didn't pique my interests but let everybody else have their fun.  




 I didn't watch the show but the title turned me off of it. It's called Weird Loners yet it's a show about a few mostly good looking people who are friends therefore not Loners? Again, I didn't watch the show but that's what the commercials showed and that turned me off to even giving it a chance. Possible bad marketing/title 




 Capaldi is a great Doctor, writing was sometimes good, sometimes not. Overall, not the best series, but I'm liking 12 




 This. This. This. This. This. This.  




 No, Lucasfilm plans on releasing a new Star Wars film each year. 

Star Wars: The Force Awakens - 2015

Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One - 2016

Star Wars Episode VIII - 2017

Star Wars Anthology - 2018

Star Wars Episode IX - 2019 




 Spiderman 3. The whole movie I wanted to like it but was just fighting internally because it just sucked and I couldn't deal with the fact that a Spider-Man movie sucked.  




 Goblet of Fire is very relevant. It brought about Harry's name which set in motion the events for the entire book 




 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire sounds so much better than Harry Potter and the Triwizard Tournament. That sounds like a cheap video game. If we are being more on point with what the plot is about then here are some other suggestions that suck. Harry Potter and the First Year at Hogwarts. Harry Potter and the Time Turner. Harry Potter and the Voldemort Return. Harry Potter and the Death of Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Battle of Hogwarts.  




 I'd LOVE to see the Family Guy Star Wars Prequels! There is so much material there 




 Same thread happened earlier this week.  




 Same in the US 




 I dont know which app you use but the Flixster app is quite decent for UV. And any codes you get can be entered straight on Flixster's site. As for the streaming, that must be your internet or app because mine has worked just fine. 




 UV is included in about 90% of the BluRays I buy. I dont purposefully search it out, but it doesn't cost any more than a BluRay without. I do have a UV library and that has been very helpful.  




 Yea, a bunch are core apps and pre-installed ones that you can't remove. Then I have pretty much every streaming app (Netflix, Hulu, Yahoo Screen, Flixster, Chromecast,  etc). 

But some of my favorites are Twee (for tracking the TV shows you watch. It has an awesome widget that tells you what shows are on what days), Paperboy (RSS/Feedly reader for news articles, best one I've found), obviously Baconreader for Reddit, SwiftKey Keyboard, Google Keep for Notes, and Popup Widget (let's you add the normal icon for an app to your home screen but when you tap it, it opens up the widget for that app as a pop up, really cool and great space saver on your home screen)  




 Yes, absolutely! 




 Same here 




 Haha 




 Mmmm, I still like Martin the best. I mean, cmon, he's the president.  




 That is amazing! I've always liked Paul Bettany, I hope this provides a resurgence for his career.  




 Absolutely disagree. I really like his character and the actor. Maybe I just love Mighty Ducks too much but I'm glad he is on the show 




 It felt like a middle movie, and yes it had a lot of setup, but I still think it can stand on its own. I maintain that it was really well done 




 I have a little over 100 apps downloaded. I use labeled folders on my home screens for a lot of them.  




 Realistically it would probably be Season 7 but I'm kinda wanting the Movie just to fulfill the prophecy. I think I would probably like another season format rather than the movie format though 
























 I get Advanced Screenings all the time in my area and get emails every time they are announced. This one I jumped on right away 




 I saw an Advanced Screening last week. If you are a fan of the series, you will like it, as I did. It's not a perfect movie but is a very fun return of the characters with a solid story, great cameos, and the return of my favorite part of Entourage, the behind the scenes of making movies. I loved seasons 1-5 and the rest were alright mainly for the characters. But go see the movie. It's good 




 Baconreader 




 Absolutely! 




 Well, considering a lot of shows had their season finales and others have yet to begin, we are in a slow period.  




 Kick Ass. It's by the same director and based off a comic by the same writer as the Kingsman comics 




 Absolutely not. If I see a movie and like it or dislike it, the only way I'll change my opinion is on a second viewing maybe. But no one should be able to change your opinion otherwise you were lying to yourself in the first place 




 I was 9 when it came out, so I was right in the wheel house for this movie. I received the OT for my 7th birthday and loved Star Wars. I loved the first movie when it came out. 

Now, as I grew up, I started to understand the flaws and people's gripes but overall, it's still an enjoyable film. It's the worst of the series but still a good flick.  




 Anybody interested in the topic of voice overs in trailers, should check out the movie "In a World". It's a great comedy movie that came out a couple years ago 




 Simply styles changed. I think it'll come back. It still exists from TV spots usually.  




 Well said, and I respect that. Thanks 




 I think that's entirely possible. That would make for a very interesting storyline 




 It's more drama oriented and has a lot of slower parts but it is well done and well acted. Sometimes you will find it to be boring, sometimes you will find it funny, sometimes you will find it to be great. It is consistent in that the whole way through. Every season has each of those moments 




 No one knows that Stark and Banner created Ultron besides The Avengers. Shield is not an open organization yet so they wouldn't explain that to anyone. The only thing the world knows is that another bad guy was beat by the Avengers so they look like heroes again. 

In the battle between the Hulkbuster and Hulk, again, no one knows Banner has had mind control. The only thing they see is Iron Man trying to stop him. 

The internal struggle was shown and that will grow exponentially in Captain America: Civil War.  




 Please name a role that he acted poorly recently. Not a bad movie (which he has done), a poor acting job. Everything I've seen him in he is great. Kick Ass, Nowhere Boy, Godzilla, Savages, Avengers 2. Not all of those are good movies, but he was good in even the ones that sucked in my opinion 




 Moffat has specifically stated that there is a reason (that as an audience, we don't know yet) for Peter Capaldi's face showing up multiple times. He said that Davies had a plan for Peter Capaldi and that he spoke to Davies who said that his plan still works. 

When asked again about that, Moffat said it would be referenced first in the first episode of Series 8, which it was, but then never brought up again 




 That's your opinion. But either way, it was only mentioned a couple times in passing this season, it was completely set aside/forgotten. 




 Nothing missing. That's Steve's mom's name 




 I really like the Twelfth Doctor and it had some really good episodes but overall it was a weak season for me. It had too many episodic storylines, almost no series arcs, and got away from the 2 best storylines set up. 1. Finding Gallifrey 2. Why the Doctor's face has popped up multiple times before.  




 /r/MadMax 




 I don't think there is anything behind it. I just think it's funny because he is a badass little kid with a cool name 




 I'm cautiously optimistic about it. It's got a great cast, the writers wrote a really funny movie in Horrible Bosses. I've been wanting another Vacation movie for years, but it is yet to be seen if it can stand on its own without Clark as the lead (even though Chevy and Beverly are in it). The trailer looks pretty funny but the connection seems loose to the original series, that could be a good thing though too. We'll see. I'll definitely be there opening weekend though 




 Aaron Taylor Johnson. He is getting some good roles right now but doesn't get the credit he deserves.  




 Arrested Development (Netflix), Party Down (Hulu), Broad City (Hulu), Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix), Workaholics (Hulu), Chuck (Netflix), It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Netflix) 




 I hate trailers that start with a low "BWAAAMP" and the some footage a for a few seconds. And then another "BWAAAMP". Some more footage for a few seconds. Then quick flashes of footage with a "BWAMP" for each one. It's a terrible trend and tons of trailers do it 




 he is not a human. That's like asking why we have 2 eyes.  




 Too late... 




 His last movie Get Hard was actually really funny 




 /r/MadMax 




 I was coerced into seeing it opening weekend due to hype on here and reviews and thought it was just okay. I honestly think everyone who wants to see it, saw it.  




 Party Down (Hulu), Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix), House of Cards (Netflix), Orange is the New Black (Netflix), Game of Thrones (HBO), Parks and Recreation (Netflix), It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (Netflix), Broad City (Hulu), Friday Night Lights (Netflix), Sherlock (Netflix), Breaking Bad (Netflix), Sons of Anarchy (Netflix), Arrested Development (Netflix), Community (Hulu), Chuck (Netflix), Tyrant (Hulu), The Goldbergs (Hulu), Brooklyn Nine-Nine (Hulu), etc. 

Sorry for the long list but there are just so many good shows out there. If you need help picking one out of this list, give me a little bit more of your style to go off of and I can narrow it down.  




 Easily the best of the year so far for me 




 Kingsman: The Secret Service 




 I don't have sling. The point is, it's not open on all platforms yet and it's exclusive to a few. As soon as it's available on Android, I'm getting it.  




 The way i would watch would be from my Android phone using chromecast to my tv. None of that is supported 




 At this time, it does not. The film rights to Fantastic Four are owned by Fox rather than Marvel. It is, however, possible that a situation like Sony with Spider-Man where a deal could be made to have it, or at least the characters, included eventually. But right now it is separate 




 Honestly a lot of them, unless they were adapted to modern techniques and styles. But the styles have changed so much that they wouldn't work. Same thing for a lot of movies today if they came out in the 90's. They would seem too dark, depressing, etc.  




 Ha, yea 




 I would definitely see another one. I loved those movies 




 I saw both during their respective opening weekends. I am not comparing because they are totally different movies that only share action as a subset of style. Avengers:Age of Ultron, although not as good as the first movie, was still really good to me. Mad Max:Fury Road was okay. I had no prior knowledge of the movies but it didn't blow me away.  




 Kumail Nanjiani's character. He uses his last two silver bullets on Abed and Annie. They show him try to shoot but he is out of Bullets and has to reload. Not super clear but it's him 




 The marketing title is just "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" but it is still referred to as Episode VII by both fans and Disney/Lucasfilm 




 I can't because I don't use an Apple device. Having said that, as soon as they open up to all users, I'm paying for a year up front, done deal 




 You must be Streets Behind if you think I'm not 




 Maybe I'll pick it up again sometime. I've never seen New Girl but you are right about Community (wasn't the same without Dan Harmon at the helm). But I disagree about Parks, I don't think that show was ever stale (besides season 1) 




 He's nobody's 4th Ghostbuster 




 Kimmy Schmidt is a great show. 30 Rock was good for the first few seasons but then it kind of grew stale. I gave it up after that 




 It was intendeaned 




 Times chang, and so did the show. They adapted to being renewed without expecting a renewal or having a plan. They have done their best to create an overall reason for them to still be at Greendale and it has worked out well. It's just different but I still love the show for putting out the quality they still do.  




 Hi Doug,

I had a chance to see the movie on Wednesday for an Advanced Screening and loved it! I'll be seeing it again opening weekend. 

Without giving anything away, do you plan on continuing the story in any way? The movie felt like a rejuvenation.  




 This is going to be awesome!  




 You are in for a wild ride of which you have yet to truly begin. Welcome and enjoy! Also, join us over at /r/community  




 the gang gets extreme home makeover edition. 




 To me, Davies had good standalone stories but a lot of it was still pretty cheesy. Moffat brought the cheesy down a notch and brought a seriousness to some of the stories and had series arcs which I much prefer to episodic work.

I came into Doctor Who after the first two series of Sherlock (for which Moffat won multiple Emmys for writing). So I enjoyed his way of telling a story coming into Doctor Who 




 When I started to watch the show, I started with 9, couldn't get into it so I moved on to 10, same thing so I tried 11, from the first episode I was hooked. After I finished all of 11's stories (at the time), I went back and was able to enjoy 9 and 10 but 11 is my favorite so far. I also believe that Moffat's stories, for the most part, have been better than Davies. But that's just my opinion.  




 Charlie Work is up there for me but my favorite has got to be Chardee Macdennis. I just absolutely love that episode.  




 I love Superbad, I was just pointing out the irony of your post. Anyway, check out the trailer for Chef, I think you'll like it 




 Harry Potter (and every name in that series) 

Jack Ryan

Luke Skywalker

Ethan Hunt

Tony Stark

 




 Sort of comedic but it's just a really good movie I think you both would like. Chef. It's on Netflix and it's great. It's written, directed, and stars Jon Favreau about a well known Chef trying to re-find his groove as a top Chef. Check out a trailer. 

Also, just had to say, you mentioned you like Superbad buy don't like Seth Rogen type Stupid comedies. Superbad was written by Seth Rogen and he is in most of the movie.  




 [Spoilers](#s "John Ellis has put Ari as Studio Head, along with Dana, for one year just as a grooming period to take over for Ellis")  




 Yea, there is a joke about it this season. When the WiFi is not working, Frankie says "I've been emailing the IT lady and everytime it gets bounced back to me". Which makes sense because she IS the IT lady haha.  




 [Spoilers](#s "Maybe")  




 The movie doesn't start with it 




 Didn't see it, but, you do know that Michael Bay doesn't write the score to a movie?  




 Yes I did! Haha.  




 I agree, but they give us a glimpse like they always did in the earlier seasons of the show.  




 He most certainly is 




 It's open for a sequel but doesn't really hint for it.  




 I don't want to ruin the ending [Spoilerish](#s "It's still a comedy so there is a happy ending but I liked how they ended the movie")  




 Ha, I think you will be 




 For the last few seasons of the show, I definitely saw people turn on the show and start giving it a lot of shit. But maybe that's gone now 




 The focus is a lot on Ari in the movie so you will be satisfied 




 Sometimes it felt like an extended episode but it was very much in a movie format. It worked. It never felt long and was very pleasing to a fan. 

I never saw Sex in the City but Entourage on the surface has the similarities (group of people getting  laid) but also, there was some really good story in the early seasons. Anyone who gives this analogy I like to point out season 5 because Vince's career took a dump and he had to be brought back to life and then truly fought for his career.  




 Those were great times but I have to say, season 5's storyline, although at a low point in his career, really brought the best out of the cast 




 I could see that. People will just miss out on the a lot of the inter-workings of the characters. It's like trying to be part of a group of friends that have been together for years and you just joined, you'll get most of it but the inside stuff will go over your head 




 For me, seasons 6-8 got away from what made the show great. The behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. We didn't see Vince make any of the movies and barely got any of the promo afterwards, it was all of the dramatic side stories that took over. Still fun to watch but not as engaging as the first 5 seasons 




 Billy is in a few scenes but more as their friend then part of the story 




 [spoilers](#s "A few new actresses and randoms on a boat") 




 [spoilers](#s "They called it quits on their honeymoon and are getting it annulled") 




 Jeremy Piven is truly great in that role. He again crushes it. It's really a lot of Ari's POV in this movie which is great 




 Probably yea. I think it can stand on its own for some but you will miss out on a lot of the side storylines, relationships, and inside jokes. As I said, the first 5 seasons were really good 




 I think you'll be ok, but it wouldn't hurt to watch at least the last couple episodes. The last few seasons definitely lacked in quality compared to the first 5 but they are still fine to watch. 

If anything, just look up descriptions of the episodes to get the overall storylines 




 I just got out of an Advanced Screening of Entourage and it was really good. I know it's been cool to hate on Entourage lately and some people just don't like it, but Seasons 1-5 for me were really good. 

Anyway, the movie was well done. It had its cheesy moments and skipped over a couple storylines from the end of the show but mostly it brought back what I loved about the show, the comical but sometimes real portrayal of the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. 

It's not a perfect movie, but hell if I wasn't entertained and really loved seeing the characters again.

If you genuinely didn't like the show, no need to comment here, just move on.  




 Very much disagree. One of the better seasons in recent years. It's one of the most consistently funny shows on the air and Season 10 was great. But to each their own 




 If you are talking about the American version, I disagree. I really liked this season, one of the best in my opinion.  




 I preferred the one with the explosion 




 /r/MadMax 




 /r/MadMax 




 It was entertaining but an okay movie for me all together. I had never seen the originals but was told that I didn't need to. It had some good acting and action but it just didn't blow me away. 

And I agree with the others, way too many posts on here about Mad Max. Either head over to /r/moviescirclejerk or /r/MadMax 




 This is a subreddit for the show Community on Yahoo Screen 




 Absolutely amazing. Should have won awards. I was really disappointed when it didn't even receive nominations. Great acting, great story, incredible direction.  




 Most movies with a subtitle are very ambiguous but you understand once you see it. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol.  




 I'd like to see a Season 7 or a Movie. Basically, if we are lucky enough to get any sort of more Community, I'll be very happy! 

Also, I don't think anyone has given up on Community, It's more so that we won! We were on the brink of cancellation so many times until we finally did get canceled, then brought back to life for a very well received and reviewed season 6. We beat the system, anything now is extra which I'm sure we are all thankful for 




 [I don't know what I expected...](http://i.imgur.com/q86myk6.gif) 




 Absolutely. That's why I said they did their best to emulate the tone. It was hit and miss. Still Community but not quite top tier 




 Guillermo Del Toro 




 Today's episode was awesome!  




 I'm loving season 6! Not as good as last season but still really good 




 Season 4 of Community. Dan Harmon and Chris McKenna were fired. New showrunners were brought in and did the best they could to emulate the tone, humor, and quality of the show but it just fell flat most of the time.  




 Yea, I only added myself as a tester for Excel and only am trying to download excel 




 I read that it said it could take up to 4 hours yet it's still unavailable.  




 Ok, thanks! I'll wait a few and try again.  
























