 tvshack.cc or icefilms.info 




 This is true. Unfortunately there aren't any real engineering firms in my area and I definitely don't want to work here. I was going to interview one of my civ professors who used to be a practicing engineer, but thought a current engineer would give more prevalent answers. 




 Haha, thanks for the reply! It's really appreciated. 




 On a side note, do you like what you do, what DO you do, and any advise for a student about to enter the professional world? I do not plan on getting my masters immediately after my undergrad. Thanks! 




 Thanks for the quick reply! I'm a civil engineering student taking a professional writing course, and we needed to get someone in our related field to answer to above questions. If you wouldn't mind, I'd really appreciate it. Unfortunately, I'm a broke college student and cant pay the $110/hr fee :-P 




 These are more or less the questions I need answered. Thanks a bunch!!

 how they function day-to-day as writers
 how often they write and what their process is
 what sorts of documentation they produce
 what sorts of problems and conflicts they face in writing situations
 what role technology plays in their professional communications
 in what ways and how often they collaborate
 what sorts of legal and ethical concerns characterize the climate in which they write
 what other sorts of communication issues arise in their environment
 writing advice they have for a young person entering the field.
 




 Try I-Doser clips. They are binaural soundtracks that are meant to simulate the brain waves you have when your one drugs. They never work obviously, but they make me pass out... its kinda like weird white noise. 
Tip: Only works with headphones. 




 I too need an apartment near SU 




 Cozumel grill downtown... its kind of a trendy bar, but the foods amazing. Also, Gramma Moras is pretty good, but personally, I would recommend Mighty Taco, its kinda like Taco Bell but WAY better. 




 WOW
 




 THIS seems like a good idea :) 




 ohhh... okay then :) 




 done. 




 kk, brb... 




 hmm... its 1101 miles away :P 




 touche. 




 okay. Where are you? 




 I should have noted... we are two straight guys :/ 




 We have all day... do your worst reddit! 




 Each chicken supplies 4 chicken wing pieces... soo 35 chickens vs 4 guys... still respectable :) 




 2 roommates and myself got 28 jr. bacon cheeseburgers from wendys, 4 medium fries, and 3 large sodas... we killed a 12 pack while consuming these... one of the roommates would regularly kill 5-6 burgers/chicken sandwiches in one sitting... I would like to add none of us are by any means fat and go to the gym regularly 




 Amazing, I just spent 34 hours in sea-tac and JUST got home... I too went for the beers :) Only an extra dollar to make it a 20 oz, why not?! 




 I've only ever shipped my bike (UPS/FedEx) because there are SO many of airline bike destruction stories. Also... GET A HARDCASE. They cost a few hundred bucks and protect a multiple thousand dollar bike. Think about it
 




 SOO BADASS 




 Photoshopped :(

http://errorlevelanalysis.com/permalink/97a6a09/ 




 One of the best new shows out there 




 SOO funny, I go to cuse an really wish I saw this 




 WOW... want moar 




 noo she doesn't... Karen has a much rounder face. Also, mystery girl has a very sloped nose. 




 You were watching 24!! 




 Structurally speaking, almost anything that is carbonated is stored in a cylinder because of the internal pressures. A rectangular prism shaped bottle would need to be substantially thicker to withstand the internal pressures creates by carbonation and outside temperature and barometric pressure changes. 




 While in high school, I was a teachers aid for an 8th grade summer school program at the local middle school. There was some activity that involved the students labeling the oceans and continents on a black and white Mercator map. As if by high school I hadn't figured out where they were yet, the 20-something teacher I was aiding for kindly made me a key by labeling a map for me. To my initial shock, and eventual amusement, she labeled every single thing incorrectly. North America was the Indian Ocean, Asia was the Pacific, South America was Africa, etc.
I immediately gave this to my mother who was a teacher in the district. The teacher was not fired, but I was told given an atlas....   
























 will do! 









 I read somewhere a while back that it was Michael Jordan who accidentally started the look. After he went pro, he continued to wear his "lucky" college shorts underneath his NBA uniform, making his NBA shorts ride a little lower. People tried to copy the cool lower-riding shorts...fast forward... ankle pants! 




 There is, they have to sign it for us to work on it, and those never hold up in court... :/ 




 If she was a former employee, she knows how easy it is to get money from big retail corporations. Best Buy normally tries to settle things like this out of court... I would assume since it IS going to court that Best Buy has substantial doubt. 




 When someone actually PAYS you to do the service though, you run the risk of them perpetually saying the problem was never fixed and you become almost indebted to them. Fix it quick and free and there is no further obligation to assist them and if they are being annoying about it, you can politely decline since money isnt on the table. 




 As a former employee, they go over all of this like CRAZY. Data privacy is Geek Squads #1 priority. 
I'll preface that I could care less whether Best Buy loses money getting sued. BUT, everyone has an anti-corporation mentality, so 95% of the time that people take Best Buy to small claims, they win since everyone assumes that they MUST have been screwed over because it was a corporation. 

Some examples include: Guy left his laptop to get fixed, takes a few days and he never comes to pick it up. In our system, we had over 20 logged calls to both his numbers, and 2 letters that he had to sign for saying we were going to recycling his computer if he didnt pick it up. He even signed paperwork saying he would pick it up within 30 days of us calling him, and store policy is keeping it for 120. We recycled it after 8 months, and he came in 3 months later looking to pick it up. Apparently the settlement was twice the ORIGINAL value of a 4 year old laptop.
Guy brings in a TV that Best Buy had never sold and it has a hole in the screen. He said he purchased an extended warranty (doesn't cover damage like that anyways) but no one could find a receipt of it, obviously. Same thing, settled for an amount WAY higher than its worth.

Also, the services may seem expensive to someone who knows what they're doing, but to older people that have no other method of learning or getting things fixed, it was a useful service that many people told me that they were grateful we even OFFERED them.

TL;DR: Yes, people take HUGE advantage of corporations. In my experience, if you legitimately got screwed over, the managers would bend over backwards to help since they knew if legal action is ever taken, they lose. 




 49 cents for shipping
 




 The news is reporting an 8 year old boy was among the two dead, so hopefully at least one of the girls made it. 




 Use www.ninite.com. You can do all your updates in one go and it doesn't ever download any crapware! 




 I 100% agree, the price gouging is ridiculous and no one needs $200 HDMI cables. I'm also not saying that unscrupulous salesmen are around... BUT the extra $$ on items is essentially the cost of having a sales staff at your disposal that can answer questions and give you face to face customer service... something that makes no difference for ME, but for many people, especially older generations, face to face interactions are a requirement, they simply don't want to or dont trust other methods.

Everyone uses the HDMI example when refering to price gouging as it is probably one of the worst products this happens with (and as someone that has a better than average perception of A/V theory, expensive HDMI is bogus). Otherwise, the prices aren't really that outrageous. Compare prices with newegg sometime, they're almost always the same.

Before I worked retail, I would have argued all the same points as I too thought it was ridiculous, but once you realize how desperate a lot of people are, you realize the services offered, albeit expensive, are a huge resource for many people. I have tons of stories of me telling people cheaper/better options, but they want to spend the money for a large variety of reasons.  I've heard countless tales of people coming from Mom and Pop stores with horror stories, just like any huge retailer. I've also seen ridiculous customer service, e.i. people dropped their brand new TV and got a new $2000 TV, something that would be difficult to do online or at a mom and pops shop. 

I personally agree with a lot of what your saying, but there's a whole other perspective you probably haven't seen or experienced that changes a lot of things 




 Yes, this is true, but you clearly know how to use the internet. The majority of people out there are clueless when it comes to new technology and need to go into a store to actually be able to talk to someone about what they need. That extra service (and the convenience of having it right there) will cost you extra sometimes. 

Also,Best Buy price matches Amazon, Newegg, tigerdirect, etc... and a lot of other big box stores do similar price matching 




 For those not familiar with Windows 8, there is a "Live tile" for your photos, that automatically scrolls through anything in your pictures library. Well... some guy came in for us to take a look at his new 27" All-in-one PC. I set it up and begin on the paperwork. When I turn around to look at the computer, which was facing the customer, the Live tile was scrolling through pictures of the man getting a blowjob from some white woman. The bad part was that the woman he came in with was black. The next few minutes while I was finishing up the paperwork were very cringe-worthy as I didn't my counter to erupt into a Maury episode if the woman were to glance over, luckily she didnt. 




 A nice family came in to purchase a new computer (iMac) and wanted all their data transfer from their old PC to the new one. I ended up dealing with the family substantially more than than a normal customer because the first Mac had some issues out of the box and we had to swap it. Anyways... Data is transferred, everything is good. Mom, dad, son and daughter are all super excited to get the new computer home. 

About an hour and a half later, I get a scathing phone call from the previously friendly mother accusing me of putting porn on their new computer. I try to explain to her that there is no reason I would do that (It would take time, they were nice customers, i could get fired?!) and tell her to come in so we can investigate. 

As it turns out, when they opened up their photo viewer for the first time, it populated ALL photos on the computer... including all the uncleared temp files which included some heavy fetish porn and gore. The priceless part was explaining this to the furious mother as both her son and husband were bright red standing right next to her.
 




 You have two refrigerators?!
 




 This was listed a few days before the Eldridge... _
 




 Not quite.
http://www.countycomm.com/microhook.html 




 Fresh Balls. FreshBalls was created to take care of the problems the other companies forgot about. Here at Freshballs we take pride in using natural products that not only solve the problem, but they are good for the skin.

Site: http://freshballs.com/

Video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=n2Jy90PDiSA 




 I built the TriTrix a few years back. For the price point, they are phenomenal. There are other TriTrix varieties that make the cabinet smaller that would make excellent center and surrounds. Throw a sub into the mix and you have an outstanding HT setup... Good luck! 




 SOG's Pentagon Elite series has a similar look to the mini-convert although it is a larger knife 




 I had a lady bring in her keyboard and insisted I take the viruses off of it. After trying to explain that virus's can only infect the "box" everything connects to, she asked me to remove the virus's from her computer...at home... with the keyboard I had in store. When I told her that would be impossible and the would have to bring the computer in, she insinuated that I was incompetent at my job... :/ 














 *Be adventurous, take reasonable risks.

*If you don't like something, change it; if you can't change it, stay positive and deal with it the best you can. 

*Bad things happen, you WILL get over every single thing and grow from it.

*Dealing with the fallout from things you procrastinated is almost always more difficult than doing the work in the first place.

*Keep an open mind, always learn, and LOVE LIFE! 




 Investopedia.xom
 




 The top knife is a Buck Ecco (either 3.0 or 2.5). It's a great little knife. I love the drop point/serrated sheepsfoot combo. Enjoy! 




 I currently live in Skagway and work as a tour guide if anyone has questions! 




 No, no! I've toured all over the lower 48 and I'm currently working a seasonal bike touring job in AK. My contract ends in September and I'm looking for another seasonal position outside the U.S.  Alaska is great!!  




 I'm trying to find a seasonal position somewhere preferably outside the U.S.  I've been leading cycling tours all around the U.S. for the past few summers and currently, I'm a cycling guide in Alaska. I'm an engineering student trying to get some worldly experience before I jump into the "real world". Thanks!!

Edit: I'm not necesarily looking for a cycling job and have a lot of  outdoor experience, as well as many years experience in food service and bartending. 




 Haha, I love that game! Never noticed this before! 




 Same, I'm a student with no kids and I would love to help out. I can afford up to $60 from amazon or any other reputable website. Nothing beats happy kids :) 




 90% engineers, go figure :P  
























 This would be super fantastic :) Yes please!
 




 Idk... Nokia is playing the comeback game, they have more incentive to be innovative. Apple hasn't done anything new that's useful in years and the GS3/4/5 are essentially the same. Slightly bigger screens and faster GPU/CPU/SoC, but nothing really innovative.

Nokia is experimenting with crazy cameras and other emerging technologies. You can buy "charging covers" for a few other Nokia models as well to give them wireless charging functionality. 

One cool thing Samsung did on the ATIV SE is put an IR blaster in it so you can use it as a universal remote. I would love to see that in more products!


EDIT: To answer your "big fat coil" question, other than my knowledge of induction, I have no idea how they implement it in the phone. The Nokia Icon/930 is 9.8mm as its thickest, so it's by no means huge.
 




 There are some cords (I own a Logitech one) where the two side are asymmetrical. The top half has a big bump thats really easy to grab. I use it in my car so I can plug my phone in while driving without having to look... not the best idea, I know. I'm trying to find a link...

But seriously... Using locks must infuriate you. Up, down, left, right... WHICH WAY IS IT?! 




 the Nokia 930/ Nokia Icon has wireless charging built in. You can either set it on a stand or plate (those do need to be plugged in) and it charges almost as efficiently as if it were plugged in.

I routed out the bottom of my night stand, left about 1/16" of material, and glued the plate in. Now, I just set my phone in the corner of the night stand and it charges!

http://www.nokia.com/us-en/accessories/accessory/dt-900/ 




 Thank you. I laughed way harder than I should have. 




 The article clearly states that the school administration made him delete it. Also, almost half the posts before you reference this. 




 This has already happened to some extent with [John Joe Gray](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Joe_Gray) in Texas. 
During a traffic stop in 1999, he attacked a state trooper and was found to have terrorist literature in his vehicle. 

According to all the news articles, he's basically been holed up on his 50-acre property ever since, and law enforcement don't want to risk entering his property to arrest him citing fears of violent retaliation from not only him and his family, but nearby anti-government extremist e.g Timothy McVeigh and the Waco Seige

The only obvious difference is that Gray kind of imprisoned himself on his land whereas Bundy is still "free" 




 You need an Office 365 subscription which is $99/year. However, that gives you 5 PC/Mac and 5 mobile device licenses...

SO, with one subscription, you can get FULL office professional (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher, OneNote, and more) which is normally $400/license on 5 computers, plus 5 phones/tablets (iOS, android, Windows Phone) running mobile Office. Additionally, you also get an extra 20GB of Onedrive storage 




 Serious question, have you ever used a Surface or Windows 8 phone? 




 I still dont understand what the older Start Menu gave you in terms of functionality that windows 8.1 doesn't. Additionally, its seems even EASIER to get to certain things. 




 He looks like a happy dog :) 




 This was her response to the video on Tosh.O Web Redemption...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OVvF4xoWzU 




 1. Go to programs and features in control panel, sort by date installed, and remove anything suspicious. Many times its listed as Conduit.

2. Open your browsers, and go to you addons/extensions and remove them. Next, change your default search provider to Google or Bing and remove the bad ones. Lastly, change your homepage to something reputable.

3. Download and run Malwarebytes (quick scan) and ADW Cleaner. 

4. Install Adblock Plus on all browsers.

This is very abbreviated and can depend on what OS, browsers, and severity of infection. Feel free to PM me, I would be happy to give more detailed advice! 




 -Run ADW Cleaner and Malwarebytes (quick scan) monthly or as needed

-Remove startup items. Run MSCONFIG and uncheck any items that aren't vital to the computers operation. Generally leave any hardware, OS, or antivirus items and remove everything else. Googling specific items can help determine what should be kept.

-Periodically check your installed programs, and remove unnecessary items. Again, googling things can help identify good, bad, and necessary. I like to sort mine by date installed as it makes it easy to identify what was done recently.

-Update windows, Java, and Adobe flash and reader from reliable sources. 




 Windows Phone 8 has Google Maps...
http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/google-maps/a2282991-ff5c-4038-994f-b03be450120d 




 No problem! Hope they love it! 




 To help mine, I put it in the corner of the cage and then fed them treats through the bars behind it. This forced them to climb on it and if you position the treats just right, they will start running! I did this for a few days and a week later they were using it on their own accord  




 There are many ultrabooks with 3200x1800 resolution out currently, some with discrete graphics. This is nothing special. 




 Pros: Properly owning and caring for a pet can be very rewarding 

Chins can live a very long time (15-20 years) 

Cons: Chins can live very long. They probably can't take the chin to college, so who will look after it?

They have stringent needs. Specific food, temperatures, housing needs, etc. Kids can't give them tons of treats.

Although adorable, their cuddly level varies from chin to chin and even the cuddly ones work on their own schedule. Don't expect this to be a pet you can just cuddle with whenever.

If they get out, they are difficult to catch... think squirrel.
 




 Yep.
http://vimeo.com/67769684 




 Mr old roommate use to weld occasionally. If you look at your weld WHILE your welding (without a mask/proper eye protection) it can cause serious eye damage. Think staring at the Sun. 

He would get around this by setting up the weld, close eyes, weld, and repeat. Worked pretty well! 




 Oh! Did you purchase a windows 8 key?? If you have the key, you just re-install windows and use the key again. There no limit to how many installs you have with the key, just one device can be activated with it at one time. 




 If the drives are within manufacturers warranty (normally a year), they will probably replace them for you. Technically, overvolting isnt covered, but its very hard to determine... might as well try!
  




 I'll assume this is an OEM computer that you're dropping a new motherboard into. 

- Make a set of backup disks from the manufacturer utility or type "Create a recovery drive" on the start screen to make a system image. (Having an escape plan is important!)

- Get a bootable Windows 8 .ISO on a disk or USB http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-8/upgrade-product-key-only

- Download Belarc Advisor. http://www.belarc.com/free_download.html This is an awesome utility that will tell you everything about your computer, including all your software license key about halfway down the page.

- Install the new motherboard and attempt to load windows 8! Worst case scenario, revert back to the original motherboard and reinstall using your recovery disks. 




 If you're looking for a faster route (not really better than sandpaper though), You can get a cheap (~$10) rotary tool at Harbor freight. Put a buffing/polishing wheel on it and your good to go. 




 That is quite an impressive jig... just... WOW. 




 hit up craigslist or harbor freight and all those tools including the vise will be less than $200... 




 Thank you for that. :) 




 The steel he purchased was already "folded", so it was, just not by him. 









 xpost from /r/ ASMR... 





























