 wow thanks so much! Yup that sounds about right.  




 I know : / For my own modest personal use I can get away with a 5g for most small to medium beers. (Or so I've read) My friend who brews with me has a 15 G rectangular cooler that we can use if needed.  




 Yes but I will have an 8 gallon kettle soon. Never thought I'd be this pumped to get any kitchen equipment  




 Awesome! You would use 6.5 gallon carboy or bucket for that?

Also- if my mash tun only holds 5 gallons, can I sparge again to reach a proper boil volume? Or fly sparge ? Thanks! 




 These look great. Noob question:

Batch size is the amount of beer at the end of fermentation?

 




 Yea of course! Since I have limited volume for boiling, mash, fermenting etc anything that will yield roughly 4ish gallons once transferred f primary would be great. 5 gallon everything. For my birthday I am asking the brew fairy for a 7+ gallon kettle.  :D

 




 Hey all. New AG brewer and I would love some ideas for recipes you have tried with success. I am into any style of beer but my favorites are dry-Irish Stout's and virtually any English Blonde or Brown Ale. Would love to keep it noob friendly for all those who only have limited resources and experience like myself. I have a 5 gallon mashtun and a 5 gallon brew pot along with everything that came with Brewers Best base starter kit + a second 5 Gallon Fermenter. The more detail in your instructions would really help myself (as well as others looking to start or have just started AGB) out. Thanks a lot and look forward to reading! 




 Oh I definitely will get myself and iodine test. I didnt know I could get it at a CVS. 

As I get more familiar with all grain, I will try out some irish moss. I have heard good things. 

As for the carboy, I usually cover it with a towel to prevent light exposure. I removed it for the pics. Should I be wetting this towel? Does it really have a large impact on temperature?

Wondering how I can be sure I used enough water per pound of grain in y mash so for next time I want to be sure. I used http://www.brewersfriend.com/mash/
If I wish to build a recipe giving me 3 gallons at the end, what is the best way of going about that? Love the help so thanks a lot for that! 




 Thanks a lot! You know it 




 Thanks! I will invest in my own hydrometer. I left it at my buddies place from our last brew. Rookie move. I will also see how an iodine test can help if they are not expensive. Will need to research refractors and buy a hose for my barb on my mash tun.

 

Here are some pic updates.
http://imgur.com/IqJ7AhG
http://imgur.com/l6cj9J6
http://imgur.com/DASikMM


Looks like its fermenting nicely. Some observations:

The color in ambient light is a nice dark Guinness like brown/light black. Shined a light to get a good look at the inside (to see what the hop situation is like) hops seem to floating around and appear to chillin on the krausen. What perplexed me was the color under this little light. It was more of a unattractive brown (see pics for an idea)  Cause for concern? I referred to my other beer for reference. 

My Irish red looks and smells amazing especially in ambient light. I then shined a light on it briefly and it too had a weird brownish hue. I am thinking the light doesn't help any appearances. 

I am gathering I extracted enough sugars from the malt and pitched enough yeast as it's a pretty active fermentation. Let me know if anyone has some advice as to how to clear up the beer, colors in early stages of fermentation etc. Would love to hear back. Thanks !  




 Here are some pics
Wort http://imgur.com/sbqwzvg,aalmpgT
First Runnings http://imgur.com/sbqwzvg,aalmpgT#1 




 I have a few extract batches under my belt and I was really excited about trying an all grain recipe! I made my mash tun and I was ready to go. (I thought) So I went to my local homebrew shop and asked for enough ingredients for a 3 gallon batch. He hooked me up with assorted grains and hops for a porter. 2 row pale, chocolate, crystal, black and hops. I preheated my mash tun and then I started the process. 

I mashed for an hour at 151 degrees and vorlaufted until the wort was clear. It looked really good actually! Fly sparged but not sure if I did it well enough. Over time I expect I will understand more of how that works...
The boil really looked great. Barely anything floating in there, the foam looked like a barista at a coffee shop took his time making a cappuccino but instead of coffee it was my wort. I was pumped.

So the boil when on for an hour and the guy who gave me the ingredients said to just hop at flame out. I was like hmmm maybe I will add some at 30 minutes. So I did. I also added some at the very end of my boil. Thats when I was like hmmm. I see too many hops hopping around in this thing. Not sure if thats ok. I said dont focus on it...


After cooling the wort to 70 degrees there seemed to be a lot of gook at the bottom of my boil pot. It gave the wort an interesting hoppy aroma, naturally. Not that it was bad, just something I was not expecting. Then I siphoned into the carboy. I aerated the wort in the 3 gal carboy for 2 minutes and pitched my yeast. Sealed it and now I am wondering wtf I did will be ok or if it will kill me. 
Long story (sorry) short, I have no idea what to expect and I was wondering if anyone out there has just said 'hey Im going to see what happens today" and what the results were. Not sure how efficient the brew was as it was my first all grain but its all a learning process. (I am a novice homebrewer and I would appreciate any feedback. I really do enjoy the craft ----) Thanks for reading! :) 




 huge help! Thank you 




 Wow this site is incredible. Thank you! I ordered a kit that comes with a 3 piece ball valve, coupling, SS mesh filter etc. Cooler on Amazon. Looks like I have everything I need coming my way minus ingredients! 




 Ah thanks! I worry about the rules. Slowly noticing people take the trial and error approach with building these (and other things) I guess. As long as you have a seal, something to filter out grains on the inside, food safe parts and a way to transfer into a kettle, one would assume everything will work out, no? 




 I also feel like this has many of the components to help jump start the project. Ball Valve coupling gasket etc
http://www.homebrewstuff.com/1-2-weldless-bulkhead-w-deluxe-valve.html 









 Thanks, Chino_Brews! I understand now. I will look into this more as I get familiar with homebrewing.  




 Ah. Thank you for that clarification. Thats what I thought. Very informative. This is a new hobby for me and I am excited to take it further. Even more pumped to drink this brew :D 




 Thanks! When you say 'not that great', how do you mean? I am not too worried but just was wondering what the community thinks. I didnt hydrate the yeast before pitching. What are the benefits of that? 




 I brewed a 1 gal batch of Irish Red the other day. Wondering if adding too much yeast affects clarity of the beer. They said to add roughly half but I may have added 55-60% of the packet at most to the fermenter. The fermentation was "happy" to say the last. Very active and I needed a blow off. When I exchanged the blow off for the air lock the aroma was very pleasant! Looking forward to drinking this one in a few weeks. Any thoughts  ?? 









 If you could join a fellowship with any character from The Lord of The Rings Trilogy, who would it be and why? 




 Let's rock, let's rock, today. 
























 ET. I was terrified. Then later that year my family and I went to universal studios and wanted to ride to ET themed ride. That entire 3 minutes was my small version of hell. Snot everywhere from crying. :( 




 those are great speakers, actually. 









 Hey all. New to owning any vintage gear so go easy on me :D I just got this receiver and after getting to know it a bit better, I have grown to really love it. There are some kinks however:
-Upon opening the box after getting it from my FedEx man and plugging it in, the left channel produced a very fuzzy, uncentered sound. After playing around, it seemed to go away. This was all in while my turntable was plugged into phono. Aux seems to work ok in that regard. Phono later seemed to work fine. Used for a few days and no issues. After work today I played a record and the left channel seemed to do the same thing but after switching to aux and back to phono, that fuzzy gross sound was gone. I feel like it needs a few to warm up. Anyone else have similar experience?
-While plugged into aux and with phones plugged in, the volume in the left channel decreases suddenly w.o warning. 
-Overall, the left channel is more muffled than a crystal clear right. I tested the speakers and it is not them. In the mix, it all sounds balanced and really warm. I have checked both the main and remote channels and they produce the same sound. 
-In the end, I love the quality of sound this thing produces. Overall, my Technics can play many records and sound great especially if I am spinning vintage records (Rush, Steely Dan, Police, Steve Miller Etc) and even sounds great with the newer stuff (Glass Animals, Sharon Jones, Flylo etc) It seems to me that hiccups only happen within the first 10 minutes off a cold start. I am wondering if these little quirks are all part of owning awesome equipment like this and if anyone has similar problems and how they deal/dealt with them. Thanks all! 




 listening to my dads "Aja" right now 




 Just found out my dad has an Technics SA 303 from when he was in school in the 80s. Were gunna grab it out of storage this weekend. Super pumped. Still curious as to why Home Theater receivers made 20 years later just dont cut it for audio. Appreciate the info! 




 Hey all. Looking to upgrade receivers as I have been using an Onkyo home theater receiver for a while now. Any recommendations for casual listener like myself? Anyone familiar with Technic's receivers at all? Would really appreciate some ideas.  




 It was about 69 degrees. It was in the fermenter for aprx 4.5 weeks. It tasted pretty good but it did have a soy sauce aroma.  




 Hey all. Just bottled our dry Irish stout yesterday and I noticed that it had a soy sauce smell. Gave it a taste and for an uncarbed, room temp beer, it had the right flavor and an aftertaste reminiscent that of a guinness. I am sure its all part of the beers progression to my glass but wondering if anyone else has had a similar smell upon bottling their dry stout. Cheers! 









 If you're asking me about price, you're barking up the wrong tree. :D 









 My gallon batches go crazy by the next morning! Makes me very happy  




 Thanks for the info. Looks like this yeast was packaged in April -____- Thought that it would be enough. We pitched a second package of dry yeast in there. I would rather over pitch than under pitch. If I do a full boil, does that mean I would require more yeast for fermentation? 




 no I didnt make a starter. Kinda new at this. But I know there is no action because the airlock is dormant and my carboy is krausen free. Looks the same as it did when I put the wort in the fermenter two days ago. Maybe its slow to start? Temp in the room is about 68. Kinda wondering whats up at this point.  




 So I am wondering why this Dry Irish Stout is not fermenting. I usually use dry yeast but I tried out Wyeast's Irish Ale liquid variant. Every other batch I have done, extract or all-grain has started to ferment within 6 hours. Its been 2 days and literally nothing. I decided to pitch some dry ale yeast I had around. Its pretty fresh so hopefully something will happen  soon. Any ideas or thoughts from previous experience reddit?? 




 Nice lookin mugs/brew! congrats 




 Just one quick Q. How much of my hops should I add to my kettle pre boil? and if it only a percentage, when should I add the rest? Thank you for the help!! 




 Thanks! Just to clarify are you saying that it should be at leasts 2 weeks ish in the Primary?

Also, what would you suggest the proper mash thickness should be? 1.25 qt/1lb grain? 




 Trying this recipe this weekend! Any tips?  




 Thanks for the reply. I know that the ring is normal but what about those white particles above the krausen? 




 I attempted an all grain brew for the first time. Didn't really smell too nice after the boil. Before it was awesome. Kinda smells odd now. Then I see these white things on the side or my fermenter after 3 days. Any ideas? Is this an infection or should I not worry? I'm tempted to dump it an try again for real in a week or so. Its only like 2 gallons. 

http://imgur.com/d8Jb1jG
http://imgur.com/0K0iNR5 




 next brew day! 




 Wow I really appreciate this! Thanks a lot. I will definitely try this soon and get back to you. As soon as I get this 8 Gal kettle I can definitely do a 5 gal full boil and not be as paranoid. 

I do have one question. When you say add hops to the secondary, is this immediately after I transfer it from the primary after initial fermentation?  
























 Thanks for the cents! We are looking for an AG recipe. Looking to pick up from our local HB store. Any tips for using actual berries either in the secondary or flame out or in any capacity at all? Wondering how to best achieve those flavors. cheers.  














 a hole in the sky or saturns rings melting off 




 Depends on the mood. If im super stoned I will listen to very laid back chillwave esc electronic. I am not unknown to listen to 80s RnB with friends and have the occasional dance party. Love me some 60s   70s classic rock. Huge Rush and Moody Blues fan. Classical music is also super cool. Steve Reich to Bruckner-its all awesome. 




 Me and some friends were lucky enough to be there for this when they filmed it. They played through the tune like 6 times and each time it got better. As a trumpet player, I was super impressed that their trumpeter had the chops to play like that 6+ times. They ended up playin us some other fun stuff at the end. These dudes are crazy good and super fun! Real deal 




 Wow never done that. I'm sure it tasted lovely! 




 Time for a grandfather blunt sir! 




 so if you marijuana whilst sleeping? 




 Take my money 




 cut me some FRIGGEN SHLACK!!! 




 Got home at 2am and smoked. Cleaned my room to some music [7] and when I woke up I totally forgot I cleaned my messy-ass hovel of a bedroom. It was immaculate. Surprise to my [0] self. 




 im about to watch Spirited Away. Any Miyazaki is the right move though.  




 I'm so sorry man 




 This played out at my last physical.  




 Been training to become a tokemon master  




 Record Business. yes. people still buy music. me included! 




 i do that also.  




 what pieces were you playin?? Woke up once for a recording session with my WE still stoned from the night before and I somehow made it through.  




 smoking with friends outside makes me forget about the cold. We talk and its easy to not worry about weather and just focus on conversation. Otherwise, when I am alone, just dress warm, light my j and enjoy being with my thoughts. I did go to school where it averaged 0 degrees during the winter months so I have some training. Good luck! 




 great soundtrack. This reminds me a lot of some Phillip Glass operas. Check out Satyagraha if you like the Interstellar score. 

Unrelated to Glass, Steve Reichs Music for 18 Musicians is phenomenal. You will certainly go places if you listen to that above a [4] 




 and then hit the vape? [7] 




 Smash bros is a staple for us. Always love messing around in GTA. Others include Age of Empires II, Harry Potter   The Chamber of Secrets on PC and not a video game but Settlers of Catan is awesome. Anything open world!  




 this is fucking incredible. I have been listening to The Moody Blues since I was a kid, maybe 8 or 9. This song is something that has been left unheard by me in a long long long long time.  
























