 Giraffes - 

I've never seen a giraffe, I never want to see a giraffe. They just terrify me. They're colossal, their neck weighs the same as a small car, they have the ability to kill a pride of lions, they also have a 20inch tongue.  









 Old people. They have more memories, more jokes, and more life lessons.  




 'He's 24 months' 

Your child is 2.  




 'You study law? You'll be useful to keep around' 

Oh my god! So original! Never heard that in my two years of study!  




 Getting food in different clothing  




 'MURICA 




 My brother is 18 years younger than me. When he was 6 he asked me why, when he was cuddling his teddy, did his 'willy not stay floppy'.  




 A lot of Runescape. 'Going Wildy' 




 In sex scenes when they 'finish' and they get up and carry like there's no semen trickling down the woman's leg.  
























 Jersey Shore. 

Actually, any of the 'Shore' related genre.  




 I was expecting a 8 minute long compilation video. Disappointment turned into joy once the ambient music set it.  




 Rekt 




 Piblings: gender neutral term to describe one's Uncle and Aunt. Your parent's siblings

'I spent the weekend at my Pibling's' 




 Definitely.  




 Can you elaborate? 




 /r/geocaching. 

It's free, fun, gets you outside and there's 2000000 to collect.  




 Getting lost in a foreign country, at night, when you can't speak the language, and have no money. 

EDIT: A story my friend told me was when she was in Mallorca she got so lost and drunk that she was nearly 5 miles from her hotel. Ended up having to sell her sunglasses to afford a taxi back.  




 I visited Marrakech in the summer (amazing place) and I heard somewhere that the people begging for food will hoard it. 

There is, I accept, a large amount of poverty in Marrakech but I hear that even families who aren't living in poverty will beg for food. Apparently it's some kind of trophy or achievement. Pizza must be high on their list.   




 Reddit.  
























 What happens if you start up a drone IN a no fly zone?
 




 Telling someone they're sat in your reserved seat.  









 My friend had to explain to his teacher that his dog actually DID eat his homework. He even brought a note from home. 

It read: 'Last Thursday night as Sam was sitting down to start his art home work, he found that our dog had someone gained access to his school bag and obliterated most of his work.

Signed X' 




 Is the fly the pope? 




 Does the bear finger the Pope's shitty ass before he cums in the woods?  




 Kevin at our school lived on a farm. On his last day he arrived in a 4x4 with 3 live pigs in the back. One had the number '1' painted on the back the other two pigs had '2' and '4' on theirs. 

He let them loose around school. There was much confusion as to where the 3rd pig was.  




 Oh stop it you 




 That is some tremendous initiative from a 14 year old.  




 Not something I have to deal with but TEACHERS please check the videos audio is on and that it is going to play. 

Oh and for the sake of our sanity make it full screen. 


AND MOVE THE MOUSE OFF THE SCREEN.  
























