 I'm pretty sure he's trying to get insurance money 




 She doesn't look super concerned... 




 You should call him back. 




 Hooray for reposts!  




 Omg! 2spooky4 me! This sub sucks nowadays... 




 All about that flick bout that flick no tapping 




 That could be worst 




 Well I was just there with the Realtor, that place is beyond massive. To all the people who think it's not for sale, it definitely is. It's destroyed though, I'd say 150000 dollars just to keep it standing for 10 more years. 




 How is this creepy?  




 Welp just left my contact info. My so is either going to kill me or love it, then the asylum will probably kill me. 




 "It's been in the box for about 5 weeks so probably dead but I can't be too sure" 




 Or wet perhaps 




 I love that it's under gigs.. 




 You're playing a dangerous game... 




 With half the following 




 The reason they look similar is because they are the exact same picture, op just said that 




 None of that is true... 




 So being barely able to move you felt it a good idea to leave your newborn son in a room with a bobcat?  




 Poorly written, but good story!  




 Arachnophobia and coulrophobia wrapped up in a right little bundle! 




 "There's more than one way to skin a cat" 




 This belongs in DIY! 









 Could you shoot me the email or number they have up? 




 You're a bad man. 




 Is that the new Razer? 





























 Touche'! 




 They remind me of the rip stick or whatever 




 At least we can see that your camera didn't go staticy 




 OMFG WHY DIDN'T YOU PUT A TRIGGER WARNING ON THIS NOW I'M TRIGGERED THANKS DICK 














 Would make a good cake topper. 




 I wish I could find a chick crazy enough to do that, I could use a new car. 




 I knew that was the beerfest gif before I even clicked on it
Lol 




 I made one myself, nothing happened. I played with friends, alone, graveyards, and houses... But nothing ever happened. 




 I hate it when I get on reddit and op costs me 1500 dollars 




 Only one way to find out. 




 The real nightmare is how often this gets reposted and still gets upvotes. 




 Just make sure you kill the skeleton lord that summons the pinwheels last, those things are a pain. 




 That's the mt Vernon infirmary that's for sale right? 40000 something square feet of that type of stuff... Lol 




 This makes me feel the teeth on my brain.... 




 Just google slenderman pics.. 




 Everyone knows this is from the film the lord of tears right? 




 I can't really tell when it stopped being intentional 




 "Go ahead, tell them this isn't a repost, see if they believe you!" 




 I use neko wool jap cotton. Most people don't realize you need to peel away the front and back layer of the sheet before wicking so it often gets bad reviews. 




 Just look up search by image on Google play or the app store. I'm not sure how exactly it works, but I know it searches for all sizes of the current image and returns visually similar images. All you have to do is select the image from your gallery and search. 




 I never said I was into it, but it's really not that bad 




 Where is the bear cub? 




 I've never seen a point made this well before... 




 Living in a remodeled uhaul truck until I'm done with a road trip, so I'd be a bit more concerned with the appearance of a hallway 




 I'm going to assume you've never heard of reverse image search?  
























 Um I guess that depends. I think there are some RDAs that have a kind of tank attachment but a true RDA is a "deck" you build your coils on. Instead of a glass tank you wick them with cotton and put your ejuice on the cotton, so when the coil(s) heat up it/they burn the juice off the cotton, giving you vapor. 




 A vape store owner I know runs .02 on a mephisto with an el diabolo 26650 mod. I've seen the build but am way too nervous to be around when he uses it. 




 What size wire and how many wraps? 




 No worries. Its rebuildable dripping atomizer. Look into them, you'll need one of them to get awesome clouds. The only tank I've ever seen that would give you a decent cloud is the arctic with the .2 coil, but that still could never compare to an RDA lol. 




 My two favorite mods are my el diabolo 26650 and my hammer of god that takes 4 18650s. I feel like a mod is only going to get you so far though, the RDA is (in my opinion) much more important. The best I've used were the Buddha zephyr, the 26650 mephisto, and the mutation. What RDA are you using now? 




 That's awesome! I've just heard stories about it melting so I've not really been interested lol 




 I've not used nickel yet, but with kanthal that would take a year to heat up! Lol 




 Came here to say this lol 




 Wake up sheeple jet fuel isn't even flammable!! 




 for those who are interested: https://www.etsy.com/listing/175112598/cat-battle-armor 




 isn't this the stock photo from etsy? 




 Illuminati! 




 AND MY HAMMER 




 10/10 would eat TV dinner on.

I your hardware though! Have you been at it long? 




 I also come from the wonderful world of hookahs. A few burn holes in my carpet/couch/deck/everything motivated me to switch. Hope you enjoy it as much as we do! 




 Yeah me too. I've drawn up a lot of plans for a box similar to this, I'm a machinist so I could really go crazy with it. I'm a bit nervous though so I'm reading up a lot on the wiring and stuff. 4 batteries that close to my face, really wouldn't want to do that wrong! 




 I feel like not many people know about this guy (at least not many people around me), so I thought I'd share:

http://vaperzcloud.com/products/hammer-of-god-box

It was my first mod and it's still my favorite. 10/10 woud buy again. 




 I'm assuming its a compressed air cannon, which could toss somebody. I'd be more worried about his ears than anything. Saw this a year or so ago on YouTube and I feel like he got up afterwards.

Edit: here's a link

scientist air cannon prank: https://youtu.be/Bo8Q88bAXyQ 




 Sup dog, heard you like vehicles. 




 :| 




 "This isn't very awes..... OK" 




 Better than any sweater I own. 




 This pic is from r/psbattles 




 11 months in:

"This park is really clean and tidy" 




 Everyone's finding a way to make this work out still... The fish speak English. All the fish speak English. This is verified by "kiss the girl" and when Sebastian tells Eric her name is Ariel. Why the fuck didn't Sebastian just tell him? 




 I'm no expert, but isn't it leucistic as opposed to albino?  




 omelette du fromage 
























