 I always wandered: I am not from America. Does this 499 include your sales tax? If not, how much do you end up paying,  say, in Houston?  




 Most people won't even stand where that car is in the picture.  




 I've got one for you. Maybe not original but at least never heard of it. 

You know how Google Picasa and other softwares ask you to tell them what the name of a face is that the software recognises on your pics? It is linked to a contact in your phone. In case you save your contacts with full name they know the name of that person and their face (also tel no and possibly email,  bla bla bla). Now as soon as the software knows the name and possible waits for a verification from a different user they start tracking where ever that person was. Somebody is taking a picture of something with me in the background? Picasa saves geo data and tells Google where I was that day at that time. This way a map is created of where I went with evidence. Could be used to prove you haven't done this or that but it will only be used against you.  




 Op, please share how you took and edited the picture  




 Pacific Rim. 
Everything about the movie sucks. Worst:

Acting

The fact that the monsters don't use their emp's straight away

That one of the jagers uses a boat instead of the awesome sword he apparently has 




 I down vote you for the second part of your post. What are trying to do? Shame people into not down voting you?  




 If you don't like it you don't like it, that's fine. But for me it is one of the most important things I have ever watched. Two of the main characters, Jack and Daniel, have actually influenced me a lot. I still think that trying to be a bit of both will make the perfect human being. The two of them unite traditional values and open-mindedness perfectly. They are and forever will be my role models.  




 I use the reddit is fun app where you have to click the thumbnail to open the thread. I did not want to click the cucumber...  




 This is the only stupid thing on here 




 Thank you for pointing out my error. Got it now.  




 Sorry, I did not read galaxy. I read universe. Sorry for the question.  




 When we do such an estimation, does that include observable universe only or more than that. In case of the latter, how do we estimate? 

Edit: sorry, my bad. I read universe, not galaxy.  




 Thank you! 




 I have 0% knowledge but I am willing to learn hard. 

If you could help me get started I would be very grateful.  




 I went to a Nike outlet to buy some running shirts and shorts and saw that the Nike Hyperfeel were only 80 so I bought a pair. I ran in them today and I liked it. 

By chance I walked past my usual shop and went in because I was curious what my usual salesman had to say about them. 

Long story short. He said that:
- Nike uses some of the worst foams in the industry which don't provide good support
- He has a ton of customers that came into his shop because they have trouble with their achilles tendon and their knees after using any nike free run shoes. 
- Even walking for long periods of time is bad for knees and achilles tendon. He said that if I run with them (I am quite heavy and mostly land on the back of my foot) I will have problems in the future with my hip and knees
- They basically are a shit shoe that costs nothing to make (he said $2.50 but I am not sure if he was just saying a low number) and is being sold with a ridiculous profit margin thanks to Nike's marketing.
- it has been developed in Germany at the Sporthochschule Koeln and that some people involved make their money with knee replacements
- on top of all of that he does not sell Nike because for him it is a fact that they use child labour (however he does realise that this is a difficult discussion. Anyway it is his shop so it's his choice)

He was able to explain everything very well and I have to say that I believe him but I could not find anything online so I am curious where he gets this information. 

What do you gusy think? 




 Why is that? What alternative is there that is better? Rotten tomatoes, where toy story 3 is the best movie of all time?  




 I really do 




 God I was scared when I saw I had a message but I thinks it's so good and nice. This is everything I wanted.. I showed her and she was so surprised. She doesn't know reddit and thought it would all be crap. Thank you so much.  




 I love how it is advertised. You will hear the music the way the artist intended. 

http://pocketnow.com/2014/08/07/beats-dedicated-apple-online-store 




 What can I say. Unfortunately I do care. I am a slave of modern beauty ideals 




 Nope, no beach I'm afraid. That would be awesome (in general) 




 Yeah, sounds pretty amazing.  









 I just love Germany sometimes. 

When is your flight? 

20 o'clock. 

Everybody understands. 

 









 NB looks a LOT cheaper than Nike.  




 I don't actually. And if I am honest, I don't even know what that is. Considering my wrist hurts right now, I guess I will be reading up on that tonight. 

Thanks for the advice 




 Sorry, the sandals. I'm sure they are not because I guess people would not recommend them.  




 Yeah, I saw that just now. What the hell. 

I guess I'll just keep using my running shoes then.  




 Thanks. I'll consider it. 

They look difficult to run in if you ask me.  




 My GF made that same experience. If you need to get started with easier exercise I recommend this. It's the all time top post here. It is what I am doing and I really love it. I am sure the easiest exercises will be fine for anybody. 

[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1vupz1/rbodyweightfitness_it_has_taken_me_quite_a_while/)
 




 Hmm, I am done in about 1 hour - 1 hour 20 mins. 
I run 5 mins, do 

handstand 3 sets

push ups 3 sets

squats 3 set

pull ups 3 sets

leg raises 3 sets

vertical pulls 3 sets

then I run for 20 minutes and then stretch for 5. 

I feel like 2 hours would kill me.  




 I prefer shoes. It does not have to be THAT inexpensive. I am also not a fan of blisters. 




 Any recommendation for some inexpensive shoes for this? 




 I hate horse girls.

Edit: 
She will spend all his money on horses. 




 5' 8" 180 lbs. A mix of muscular and too much fat. Nothing ever fits. Any advice?  














 Louis Vuitton belt?

I would have not expected that from this guy... 




 Thank you for posting this. I wanted to ask you to share. How long did it actually take? 




 Haha! 
Love it.  




 I want to live in Asia, North and South America and Australia for at least a year each. I think it must be so enriching to experience the differences and would surely make you more understanding.  




 I mean that parents fail to teach this and children who don't look so cool or don't have a smartphone seem to fall behind even if they are super nice people.  




 Old people (40+) like me, which is a massive advantage at work.  




 They invited you, so you can't be that bad of a candidate. They are testing you, play along. 




 Treat people based on how they behave, not how they look or what they have. This is becoming a problem.  




 And it is true 




 In the summer: White Wine Spritzer

I get a lot of shit from my mates... 




 Because they are confident. People always say this. From my point of view there is so much more to this:

- The woman you are talking about could be a dickhead too
- Maybe the guy just looks like a douche but is actually nice and not at all a dick. I have met guys like that. But maybe they are confident and that's why you think they are, well, what you said above
- I know lots of women who are not with the type of guy you are talking about even though they are fit. You are probably paying more attention to people who confirm your suspicion. 
- Confidence makes really sexy and these guys have a lot of that.  




 Why do they always try to push boundaries? 




 Ask them something stupidly arrogant but at the same time make sure your question show that you do not actually understand yourself, like:

What is a prime number of 5?

See how she/he reacts.  




 I did and I hate myself for it. 

Edit: Ah sorry, I am not married. It was/is my GF.  




 A friend of mine works as a flight attendant. After the flight she has to hold up a basket with tiny chocolates. So many people think they are so funny when they say:

"I'll take the whole basket!" whilst making a move for it and stopping just before they actually touch it. 

Yes never knows how not to sound bored... 




 I am an expediter. 

My boss loves to make jokes about his wife expediting him. It is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooo lame 




 The article mentions real antisemitic happenings. However the "Zentralrat der Juden" in Germany is not differentiating. For them it is all them same it seems. Everybody who opposes Israel is an antisemit. They are calling for solidarity ([here](http://www.tagesspiegel.de/meinung/zentralrat-der-juden-fordert-mehr-solidaritaet-das-hier-ist-deutschland-2014-nicht-1938/10276918.html) in German) which is ridiculous. 

Not that I am saying any jewish people anywhere in the world shuld feel unsafe because of the actions of the Israeli government. However the "Zentralrat der Juden" a powerful Jewish organisation is, like the Israeli government, immune to reason and accountability.   




 Ok, that is awful. I did not know about this.  




 Forget about the evil merchant. The Israeli government is currently killing children in Gaza as far as I know. 

It is not the right way to go about it though. I do agree with that.  




 Well, same thing happened to Merkel being compared to Hitler. There are always some idiots. But I understand there is also some "well behaved" criticism that Israel does not want to accept.   




 http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2c8i8w/nato_bombed_5000_civilians_in_kosovo_just_because/

For example. I have read something similar in Der Spiegel. 




 The way I see it Israel is trying to shame people into being quite about what Israel is doing to the people living in Gaza. 

Just because the people in Israel who commit these crimes are Jewish does not mean that people who oppose them are being antisemitic. 









 I really like Marc O'Polo ()

http://www.marc-o-polo.de/

It's kind of hard to get outside of Germany but the quality is amazing and the stuff looks brillian.  




 When you post, please also post webaddress of online shops and price
=cheap (H M)
 = not so cheap (Nike)
= really not cheap at all (Ralph Lauren)
 = expensive (you know, the stuff nobody buys)

I would love to get to know some cool brand not everybody knows. 
 




 Was it really? I just ignored it because I was a bit annoyed with the fact it does not end.  




 Installed it, love it!

Thanks! 




 I am using an HTC One M7 with SentinelRom 6.0. It is based on CM11. Do you guys know how I can integrate all my facebook contacts and calendars?

I would really appreciate some help.  




 I have been doing bodyweight fitness for a short while now and I really like it. I feel good because I am doing something to improve my body. I cannot yet see a big difference but the fact that I am working out regularly makes a big difference to my state of mind. However, there is a downside. Well, two actually.

1. My thighs have become bigger and now my suits do not fit me anymore. I can almost not wear my trousers anymore when I have my phone and wallet in my pockets. 

2. I am not sure if I am imagining this, but because there is less space available between my thighs and also in my trousers, my testicles started hurting. 

Has anybody had a similar experience? 
Any suggestions how to deal with it? 

BTW second problem is much worse than number 1.  




 Hi,

I am trying to use the kernel for the SentinelRom 6.0 provided by the dev

https://github.com/CyanogenMod-11/android_kernel_htc_m7

But I do not know how. I understand that you need the zip and need to flash it in the recovery. I downloaded the zip on that page (right side of the screen) but it always says failed, when I try to flash it. 

Do you guys know how to do it?

Many thanks in advance.  




 I am asking here because I use Android and would like to nw if there is any link.  



















 I would like to find a subreddit, where people upload pictures they took in RAW format for other people to edit. 

I would also like to upload my pictures to see what other people can do with it.

I would appreciate your help. 









 I find imdb.com incredibly useful to get information about movies I might want to watch and also I like to idea of keeping a record of what I have watched and how I liked the movie right after I watched it. 

I would love to know if there is anything similar.  














 Like said I got it as a present which is why I am reading it. 

I saw that it has 7000 reviews on amazon.co.uk with 4.5 stars average which I think means that it is a very popular book. Also I heard lots of people talk about it. 

I have read the first 80 pages and really struggle to keep reading. The reasons are:

- The life of the protagonist seems super unrealistic. I read it and think that even though I know it's fiction there is no way I can believe this story or identify myself with it. 
- The jokes he makes seem calculated and also it seems like it's not genuine. It seems like he has taken the kind of humour from somebody else because it was successful.
- Last but not least I read, that he wote a second book which follows the exact same scematic as this one. I dislike that because it lacks heart. 

What do you gusy think? Shall I keep reading? 














 Hey guys, 

I have started bodyweight fitness but would like to learn a bit more about the results that I can expect if I am diligent. 

My primary goal is not to gain strength for the sake of it. I would say that I don't lack strength because I have always been working out. I am a little too fat though and I find that I cannot move the way I would like to because of it.

My goal is to get rid of some of my fat and get lean. I do not actually want to get a lot bigger because I have very wide shoulders as it is and I am quite short. I have started the routine that is suggested in one of the top posts (the one that has a picture of all the different progressions in it. I was able to star pretty much everything in the middle.

I would love to know if other people had the same goal and if they succeeded.

Oh, and I want to be able to do one armed push ups, of course. ;)

I'd appreciate any feedback. Progression picks always good 














 I was just thinking, if we were to colonize for example Mars, could we actually fly planes there? 

















































 I really like to see people's handwriting. I have seen some really beautiful ones and it always amazes me. [Here](http://imgur.com/m2545wF) is mine FYI.

To show it off please write the following sentence:

*The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog*

Apparently it contains every letter of the alphabet. I did not bother to check... 




 I moved to London 2 years ago and have been working quite a lot. 

I would like to get back to making music. Anybody interested? I produce hip hop and r b. I would love to meet singers or writers. 

Let me know if you're interested. 

Maybe you can meet somebody else here who in interested in your type of music too.  




 So, I have been reading some books and saw one video trying to explain 11 dimensions. Then I had a though. I am really not good at explaining it but I'll try my best.

Maybe the universe is not actually endless, it is just a closed loop. Imagine somebody who is only able to perceive 1 dimension. his world looks like this ------------ . He can move left and right. If you put both ends of his world together you get a circle. Now if the person would walk left (or right) for long enough he would realise he is living on a cirlce because he will get back to the start. Now if the circle is bigger than the person can travel in a lifetime, he will never get back to the start and will therefore think his universe in endless. 

If you apply the same to a 2D world the person can walk left, right, up and down. Again, his world might seem endless to him, but in fact it might just be a sphere too big for him to travel across in one lifetime. 

Now what if that is the same with our universe? Maybe it is actually folded in such a way that whichever direction you traveled you would eventually get back to Earth. Because we live in it and cannot perceive the next dimension up, our minds cannot picture such a folded 3D object but that doesn't mean its not possible. 

For me this would be much easier to understand that to grasp infinity.

I hope I explained myself good enough for people to understand. 

TL;DR: Universe is not actually infinite, just a folded 3D onject (similar to a circle in 1D and a sphere in 2D). We will just never find out because it is too big for us to travel. 

What do you think? 










































































 Religious people might object, but as I see it, there is no universal authority that determines "If you do this, then this should happen to you."  




 I think it would be interesting to know:
How much do people earn on average (maybe you can estimate)
How much rent do you pay (is that in the expensive or cheap part of town?)
How much does it cost to go out? 




 I would like to know what features you like that your system does not have, but the other one does.  


































 Even taking into consideration that 2D maps are not accurately showing the world and that Earth is not a perfect sphere, I do not understand why a plane would fly over the sea north of Russia to get from London to Tokyo (for example). Please, can somebody explain? 
























 Thanks for that. I can't believe that happened.  




 Whatever, then. I'm not interested then.  




 Not one person here can tell me how tall or heavy they are in metric units, bro. Also people measure their dicksize in inches, bro.  




 What's that failed mission? 




 Do Americans even favour the imperial system or is it just too much of a pain to change? 




 I am sure nobody doubts this. Still the US and the UK use the imperial system. 




 Let's assume the moon is not going to be colonised by the US/China/Russia/etc... alone but as a joint effort by humanity as a whole.  




 Best feeling ever! 




 I would like to at least consider investing in my first home. However the 250k+ properties are out of my reach. I really only want a decent studio with kitchen or maybe 1 bedroom flat. 

I would be interested to hear what you guys think. 

Also has anybody tried to use help to buy scheme? 




 I have the month widget. Birthdays always show as actual birthday and also as event. I don't like that it's always shown twice. Any solution for that? (I sync my contacts with facebook and have them linked) 




 Hi guys, is there anything like the auto hibernation of greenify for non rooted phones? (z3c) 




 It is not only because there are other 5+ inch devices that are also good. It's because a big screen phone is nothing new. But a phone that you can use with one hand which has a great battery life and still is a flagship has not been seen so far  




 I am curious what rich people think poor (poorer) people are doing that is stupid or unreasonable. Why do you think they are poor or not as rich as you.

Anything goes.  




 Thanks 




 Cool. Thanks. That is what I was hoping for.  




 ah, ok. I started with a little under 84kg and now I am at 81. I read that losing 0.5kg per week is not healthy and realistic. I have been working out for more than 2 months now. 

Actually, writing it down it seems perfectly fine progress. 

I am not actually a beginner. I have worked out very irregularly the last 3 years. but I am not weak. 

No idea about bf%. I don;t know where to measure that. 
My TDEE with no excercise is 2100 and I eat 1600 a day. However I do work out 3 times a week. 

I appreciate you taking the time.  




 He is right. But what got me started was this because it is easy to start with and does not require any effort to get started. 

Some don't like bodyweightfitness but it is much better than doing nothing. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1vupz1/rbodyweightfitness_it_has_taken_me_quite_a_while/ 




 go on... 




 so, this site tells me (depending on how much exercise I do, light or moderate) that I should eat 2400kcal (light exercise) or 2700kcal (moderate exercise) to maintain my weight. I am currently working out 3 times a week and trying to eat 1600kcal per day. Should I eat more than that to maintain my muscle?

edit: 174cm, 81.5kg, 30 years old male. 

and thank you btw.  




 Hey, thank you also for replying. I have also said this to somebody else. I would like to generally understand the workings of the body. I appreciate that some people are different. But I would like to know generally what eating at a deficit/surplus does to your body when you workout/don't workout.  




 Hey, thanks for replying. Basically, what I was aiming at was to gather knowledge. I just want to understand the principles of gaining/losing weight and gaining/losing muscle. 

But I am 174cm tall, weight 81.5kg am 30 years old and currently eat 1650 kcal a day. I am working out 3 times per week (bodyweightfitness) 




 Hello,

I have tried to ask this in /r/bodyweightfitness but had little luck. I think it might be interesting for many people so I am trying here one more time. 

Please could we collect information on what will happen in the following cases:

(Please assume the following just for the sake of an easy explanation: 2000kcal required for maintenance.)

Cases:

a) eating 1500kcal per day not working out

b) eating 1500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

c) eating 2000kcal per day not working out

d) eating 2000kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

e) eating 2500kcal per day not working out

f) eating 2500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

In all of these cases, what will happen to fat and muscle, will it increase, decrease or stay the same?

__

What I am assuming is this, but I think I might be wrong:

a) eating 1500kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease

Amount of fat: will decrease

b) eating 1500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase slightly

Amount of fat: will decrease

c) eating 2000kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease slightly

Amount of fat: will not change / increase slightly

d) eating 2000kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase slightly

Amount of fat: will decrease slightly

e) eating 2500kcal per day not working out

Amount of muscle: will decrease slightly

Amount of fat: will increase

f) eating 2500kcal per day but working out (at least 3 times per week)

Amount of muscle: will increase

Amount of fat: will increase slightly

__

I would be really thankful if you guys could provide some information. Because at the moment I am not reaching my goals. I am eating -500kcal per day and doing bodyweightfitness 3 times a week . I am losing weight very slowly and hardly putting on any muscle. I am getting stronger though. However I would like to lose fat and gain muscle.

Many thanks in advance.

EDIT: 174cm, 81.5kg, 30yo male.  




 God, this sucks. 




 Why is that? 









 Free Internet porn.
For sure. Have you seen family guy? Even 1st would people who find out about it can't believe it at first  




 Best gif ever. I wish I could use that as my wallpaper

Edit: I am sure i can somehow. I am not actually interested to do that... 




 Apparently it is a LINE feature. What a coincidence.  




 Oh, ok. What a twist 




 Sorry, does great not mean better than good anymore? 




 Ah, alright. My SO has a MOTO G and I saw that on her phone when she gets a message through LINE. I though it was a LINE feature. 

Thank you.  




 Did you drug your dog to post him on the internet? 




 That is not correct either. It's just that Japanese idealize it. In the Japanese culture there are a few things everybody wants to do and Paris (or Mt Saint Michel for example) is one of them. It is being portrayed in a way that is completely unrealistic and people kind of expect a Disney Land like experience. Also it is not like this applies to the majority of Japanese. I think it is just a few idiots with no sense of reality who fall for the unrealistic image of Paris.    




 Yes, I agree. When you go to Paris with a Parisian and he shows you places where its not horrifically expensive it is amazing. French food and wine is worth the trip alone and in the Summer people in Paris sit by the river and drink all day long like students.   




 It's BS. I have been many times and whilst it has it's downsides (dirty, rude, dangerous at night near train stations or in the outer areas) it is amazing. Paris is absolutely worth going to, you just need to know its not all sunshine and gummy bears.  




 Don't forget the unbelievably rude Parisians.  




 I have that phone. The battery is great but it's not really 2 days. Seriously  




 I've got the z3c. Can I also do that? UK? 




 Sorry, what is active display? 




 And to commute to work? 




 Just by it from the UK.  Clove.Co.uk 




 Guess what: The blue lights are the only reason I think they look like Tron.  




 Fair enough. I think you have a point. But Sheldon is annoying as fuck and not entertaining. 




 He just becomes more and more ignorant to the fact he's annoying and that everything he says is rude. He has no periods where he is normal at all anymore  




 I feel like he is not saying single normal sentence anymore. 









 Cool thanks you. I'll do that  




 Thank you. Any good alternative to City Mapper for London? It eats battery  




 A little better than mine. 

Personally I do not like blue flowers a lot, but the pictures are nice. 




 I have to admit that the focus is not good though. 









 I am surprised this doesn't get more love. I think it is awesome. Really nice colours! 




 This would be a good phone wallpaper. 




 Sweet.  




 I am jealous. I where is this?

Edit: God, I do not read. It says where it is in the title. Sorry.  




 You're in good company  




 Is my understanding correct, that all the stars I see around the galaxy are stars from the milky way that are between that Sombrero Galaxy and us? 




 You don't like that? Don't buy it. Jesus Christ 




 Get the HTC M7 then. Full HD 4.7" , premium material. Stil quick enough for all you want to do. I used to have that phone. I also love the sense UI. I only changed to the z3c because of the battery and camera. I don't regret my choice. 

But keep in mind that the HTC One M7 only has a 0.1" bigger screen, but it also has the back and home button separate. The z3c has them on the screen. That means you get a screen with is 0.1" smaller and is also occupied by the navigation button at the bottom.  




 So, I also had the HTC M7 which is amazing in terms of looks and feel. I now have the black z3c and I love it. The plastic rim is nothing like the one of the HTC One M7 mini. It will nevrev bother me. I am sure about that. It is a bit see through so it does not look like cheap plastic at all.  




 Why do you recommend turning the X reality off? 




 I used to run 20 minutes before every workout. But I was a bit knackered afterwards for the workout. Now I run on different days and do 30-40 minutes. I HATE running but I feel so good after continously doing it 




 He means doing push ups one day and dips on the next. That's what start bodyweight recommends. 




 So, just to make it clear (because I am not seeing much progress):

Go all the way down until you just hang there with a straight arm? 




 What? I paid 10 for a pair. Shit

Edit: [Proof](http://www.tmlewin.co.uk/Metal-Collar-Bones-6.5cm/505097552699,en_GB,pd.html?prefn1=categoryCIMS start=0 cgid=Mens-Shirt-Accessories prefv1=Collar%20Bones). But of course this pair comes with a nice bag.  









 I thought that before. That should work. 




 I wanted 4 years of my life on this shit. No more 




 Exactly  




 True, but for me that does not justify being a dick

Edit: actually I just thought about it. Not necessarily. If everybody else would not tolerate that one asshole there would be no problem. 
 




 I do understand that very well, thank you. You are saying that people won't behave the way I suggest because it would only benefit them if everyone else also behaved that way. However it seems more likely to people that even if they behave correctly, everyone else won't thus putting themselves at a disadvantage. Therefore, they also behave incorrectly.

However, somebody needs to do the first step and bite the bullet. However it seems to me you won't be the one. 




 I disagree. People have high expectations for EVERYTHING. The way they get talked to by waiters, how their boss should behave, how their children should respect them, how they deserve this and should not be treated in this way... the list is endless. 

And that's all fine, if they are willing to treat people in the same way in return.  




 No, just "give what you expect to get". 




 Says everybody who is not willing to do the first step. 




 Sounds interesting.  Might actually give it a try  




 Just tried a few times. It's pretty much instantly if you use the touch screen. The hardware button is much slower though.

Edit: just realised, instantly is not specific. I think honestly, you can press the camera button, focus and take the pic in a second  




 Haha, you dick.  :) 




 Not sure if you are asking if I have regrets. But if you are, then:

I always think that every wrong decision is fine as long as at the time I made it, it seemed like the right decision considering what I knew then. I don't regret these decisions. 

Every time I was warned and did it anyway, those are the moments I regret.  




 Sort it out maybe? 




 Everybody should stop fucking people over for money. 

The problem is that even though you are in a position where you can get rich by:

- using inferior ingredients in the food you sell
- charging too much for your shitting product
- spying on people and then selling the data
- bla 
- bla 
- bla

The same thing is happening to you all the time because there are others out there who do the same. If everybody stopped doing it we could all live better lives. 




 Please make my life better. 




 I feel like everybody could end up being mentioned in here. People always think everybody else is stupid.  




 So white! 




 Sorry, that's not what I meant. 




 Cool. I'll give it a shot.

Thanks 




 Sorry to hear that. Maybe I was lucky then, I honestly dropped it more than 10 times. 




 I agree with you 100%. 

A person who has made a mistake should always have a second chance (hopefully they learn from it). I also believe that this forgetting thing only works after a long time anyway. 

However a company should have to provide an address, just to make sure they are not doing any shady stuff. I mean if your apps are legit, then there is no problem with that anyway.  




 I totally understand that. But my fingers are too short for the big screen.  




 why have you got duplicates?
I don't understand.  




 I bought if for 350. The compact, but I don't think that is expensive for a good phone.  




 Z3 compact has a burst mode. You click once, it take about 20 pictures and you select the best one. I have only tried it without actually wanting to take a picture but seems to be working fine.  




 I had a HTC One M7, dropped it a million time. I few bends, but the phone does not break even without a case. I loved the phone, because of Sense. Best UI in my eyes. But the battery life was terrible. I now got a Z3 compact and I think I will love it. No case either. Battery seems good, but I don't see it as being as amazing as everybody says.  




 How do you know?  




 Cool thanks  




 It's BS. Use street view and you will see that a lot of the outer areas of "greater Tokyo" are just farmland. 

It is not a good comparison because there are no "rules" for calling an area greater XXX. If they wanted they could call the whole of South West England greater London. 

Edit: Just look at the marked area here. It is just hills and forest. Same with all North East of it. 
http://imgur.com/8z06YN8 




 Has anybody seen a good example? I haven't. 

What kind of stuff do you look for? 




 I feel like the brackets are UNNECESSARY 




 [Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) 




 I agree. What does it matter what it says on the spec sheet. If it looks good, I'm fine with it.  




 Yep, my HTC One M7 is dead by the time I get on the bus home.  




 Nah, unfortunately they are simply not big enough. 

For example [this one](http://38.media.tumblr.com/45ff3d004d94899ba4d9cd907b0f7d17/tumblr_nadyoe0ilY1rtbxrwo1_500.jpg) is awesome, but the res is 500x750. No chance unfortunately. I don't think all the pictures have the same resolution, but none are big enough. 

I love the pictures though.  




 HTC One M7. 1920x1080 














 Haha! 




 Are you serious? There have been over 1000 fatalities so far. Survival rate is 10%. The whole of western Africa is about to collapse because of it. 

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-28798542 




 I just saw there is a transort tycoon, not OPenTTD. Just baught it. Will give it a shot
 




 Thanks. I'll give it a try.  




 Cool. Did not know. Thanks.  














 Is it me or is the resolution way too small to use the pictures as wallpapers? 




 I really think it is too tight at the bottom, no? 









 Ok. Did not realise that. Thanks for sharing  




 First of all: amazing work. It looks brilliant and I love the idea. 
Can I ask what you are planning to integrate apart from Fb (which I don't really read) and twitter (which I don't really use?). Are you going to I crude an RSS reader? Or reddit? If that would be the case I'd be super interested in using it. 

However I also think it would be better if it was an launcher with a dedicated home screen where I can add my widgets. 

Or maybe slide left to a screen where you can only add widgets which can also be scrolled down just like the app drawer? Then it would be everything I need.  




 You are right, but I think it's fair to assume that by hold he means use. Why would you just hold a phone? I can also hold a 10 inch tablet in one hand but that information is pretty useless...  




 So, just accept nothing is ever going to change?  




 Does make a difference though. I always thought "Why is everything so cheap in Amercia?" But it seems it isn't.

Thanks 




 Pretty sure that was the plan.  
























 Just came to see if anybody dared to say rape and if it was upvoted 

Edit: checked the top 5, it wasn't there, I was surprised  




 299 is a lot of money for what they offer, isn't it?

You can almost get a decent phone for that money  




 I don't seem to understand what that means. Is it

A) there will be a way to simply change to a different room provided by Sony or

B) I still have to unlock the bootloader to get this (and accept the drawbacks)

 









 If he is saying that he is proud of himself that he is making this step despite all the shit that people will give him, then ok, I agree.

If he is proud of being gay, I repeat, what is there to be proud of? 




 What is there to be proud of. I'm happy for them that they know what they want but there is nothing to be proud of. 

It's like saying I'm proud of liking the colour blue  









 I was at a lake he was swimming to a little island and back. On the way back he was struggling but at first I thought he was messing with hims SO. Then she started panicking. I jumped in a saved him. He almost caused us both to drown. 
After I got up asked if he was ok and walked away.  




 Let's say 10 years from now.  




 How is that? 




 It got cheap. for me that is perfect. I do not need anything apart from a seat on my flight. I just want to get there fast and cheap. 




 I agree with you. I think the problem is that:

- It easy for people to make music now. Access to instruments and digital instruments is cheap and everybody has a PC
- Publishing on the internet is easy 
- people are stupid

Conclusion is that there is a lot of shit music that is published and stupid people consume it which is why it is on the radio all day.

BUT, people with skill have been making better music every year. 




 America.

And the rest of the western world for that matter. America is just ahead. Rich are getting richer, poor are getting poorer and soon it won't be white masters and black slaves, but rich masters and poor slaves. 




 What does that even mean? 




 Since when is awesomeness not included in that equation? 




 Saved a boy's life and walked away without saying anything. I will always be that mysterious hero.  




 Not my original thought but: 

We should all be against it for one reason: The argument "somebody who's got nothing to hide has got nothing to fear" is BS because accepting that puts you in the position to have to explain yourself. The government should not be able to look at all your shit and ask: why, what, when? What if you haven't done anything but struggle to explain something that looks dodgy? 

The government should be the one having to explain why there is a good reason to investigate you. 

this is not about protecting us from terrorists, this is about protecting the normal people from the government.  









 Also, he does not explicitly say it but I feel he wants more money they more the song gets played but still wants the price for Spotify to be higher. 

The way I see it I either:

- Pay once and own it forever (higher amount)
- Pay regularly and get access (lower amount)

I simply will not pay for Spotify if it costs me $50 per month. 

I really dislike his article. Poor him for only earning 10 instead of 40 million.  




 How did you go about learning? I am interested 

Edit: just played and I am super frustrated. I find it too hard to casually play it  




 Good morning.

I am looking for a weather widget that shows pictures of my location. Like yahoo weather just as a widget.

Edit: nevermind. Apparently yahoo weather has widgets. I'm an idiot  




 Just remind me, what is the traditional way?  




 Works fine again. I am not sure how you are able to do it so quickly and hw you are even able to identify the problem but all I can say is thank you! Awesome work. 

I like your app! 




 Hey, first of all: thank you.

I updated and it worked fine. Great app. Now I updated again thought and I've got the same problem as before. 

BTW, what are the scores based on? 




 Maybe I am misunderstanding but there are loads.

Best one is

Linkme mangarock 




 Keeps crashing on my z3c. But I am more than interested. Do you know what the problem might be? 




 I don't actually know what the keyboard is but the new Sony z3 has an amazing keyboard. It is almost like SwiftKey, just better. Predictions seem better and the layout is nicer. Only thing I miss is the dedicated numbers row  




 Why is she not sweating?  




 Well, I do not. I'm pretty sure OP will be alright.  




 Does nobody care about the fact that somebody killed themselves?

Poor her must have had a shit life.  




 OP I think your edit is great. The best out of all of them. Great picture as well. 




 I used to think that religion is the biggest problem we have on earth. I used to think that Muslims hate Christians and vice versa.

However I have come to the conclusion that the problem is not religion at all. It is that a large percentage of people are greedy, aggressive and stupid. The majority of these people that make up the followers of Islam and Christianity are no Muslims or Christians, they are idiots. They do not follow the teachings of their religion in the slightest. The cherry pick the rules that they follow and do not give a shit about many of the rules that actually are not at all optional (stealing, murdering, drinking alcohol, having sex, eating certain things, the list is long). 

These people judge other bases on a set of rules that they in no way want to follow themselves and just turn a blind eye to their fellow "believers" and everybody just hops that nobody ever mentions that they are all a bunch of sinners. 

And it the same with non religious people. People say you should do this and that and should not do this and that, but when it comes to it people's beliefs go out the window pretty quickly. And all just because people are greedy. 

I hate humans more than I am able to say and I am sure what I have written does not even begin to explain what I feel. 

I will do my best to live what I preach.  




 Do you sometimes feel like you have got something intelligent to share and you wish people would just listen for you for 10 seconds and then maybe spend another 5 minutes to discuss what you have just said? 

I do.  




 And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

will always love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuuooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuu 




 Yeah, I don't like OP's argument. But this is a good enough counter argument  




 Let me know when you get an update. I am also interested.  




 I feel stupid for asking. What do you mean by that?  




 Understood. Will go with wordpress 




 Hey, I have decided to go with wordpress. But I'll still have a look at this.  




 Our host provide wordpress integration. We'll go for that. I will def lok through your guide. I am a beginner so if you want I'll give you feedback for your guide.  




 It's for my dad's business. Just as a place customers can come for information and contact. Nothing fancy. I'm gonna use wordpress now.  




 Hi,
I appreciate your offer. However we would like to try ourselves. The feedback I got here was really good. Thank you. 




 That is what I will do. Currently playing around with it. Thank you also for your feedback.  




 I am going for wordpress. Thank you for your feedback.  




 That is what I went for. Thank you! 




 Hey,

I had a webhoest before and we are kind of stuck with them for a year. However they offer wordpress integration so we'll use that now. Thank you. All of you helped me a lot.  




 Hey, I decided to go with wordpress. I am now in the process of building it. Thank you. I appreciate you took the time to answer.  




 Thank you for your feedback. Decided to go with wordpress.  




 So, just to give you some feedback. I have now changed to wordpress. it's easiest for me and my dad. As soon as I am done I'll send you the result if you are interested.

Thank you very much for your help.  




 It's called 3 ways:
It starts with a scene where a young guy sits in front of a gangster in his office. The guys says, you got three possibilities: Run, lie or do what I am asking you to do. if you don't do what I am asking you to do, I will kill your girlfriend. We will never find out what he did. Not flashbacks (flashbacks are for the prequel)
Then the movie shows all three possibilities at the same time and at the end you will find out which of the three turned out to be the one he should have chosen and which one he chose. 

the movie will constantly switch between the three.

Awesome, right? Anybody wants to buy the script? 




 I thought you meant how do I feel about using make up myself. Not sure if that is what you mean, but I will answer it anyway:

I don't mind if men wear it. From my point of view there is nothing gay about it, if men do it well. However, I can't even stand cream on my hands, so I will never do it, no matter if it is acceptable or not.  




 You don't know what you don't know. Listen to people with experience. They know what they don't know.

It took me a while to understand this.  




 It is the other way round, surely.  




 I dont like the way you write, but I agree with you.  




 Losing weight. Of course there are 100 different opinions how to achieve it, but so many people get it 100% wrong and expect so much in so little time and then give up because they are disappointed. 

I get so frustrated with these people, not because they don't achieve anything, but because they don't want to listen. 




 Most difficult and I am not there but somebody in my family is. Accepting that you will die, old or young. From what I can tell it makes you free.  




 I can't believe somebody else wrote this. I also commented not checking before. I have never cried so hard from a movie 




 God, I almost forgot about this one. It is a brilliant movie. Thank for refreshing my memory. Do you know any similar movies? 




 If he knew there is no afterlife.  




 Click with Adam Sandler. Yes, I know... 

But I wept like a little bitch at the end.  




 Why? 




 Why? 




 Why? 




 why? 




 Fuck off and die 

 is the Japanese way to end a request in a polite way.  




 Haha, did that must be BS.  




 Black people and chicken. Why do they not eat anything else? I mean I like chicken, but I also like salad, pork and cheese.  




 I guess it's because this is the way to be accepted in that kind of environment. 




 I love Eminem. 

But I really think that any movie, song, story that ends with waking up is just shit.  




 Please let me know your interpretation. 




 I asked a guy this exact question. He was standing in the street preaching. He opened his bible and showed me the first page and point at the first and second line of the first page. Obviously I asked him: Sorry, what do you mean? 

His answer: You have to ready between the lines. 




 "World peace and no more misery on earth if we all clap our hands on 
04/05/2015. Don't talk about it."

Then We will have America clap on 5th April and the rest of the world thought it was going to be 4th May and everybody will wonder if it would have worked if we just had the same way to write our fucking dates. 




 untrain_subject9884 




 not useless 




 not useless 




 Not useless 




 Not useless 




 Eat as much as I want and never get fat.  




 Because?

Edit: Also Aquaman is not a superpower. 




 Love! I find this really funny. 




 There are two kinds of people in this thread:

Those that opened this thread with the intention to write something funny/interesting and then gave up because they could not think of anything

Those that opened this thread with the intention to write something funny/interesting and did it.

I almost deleted this because it's boring as fuck but what I wrote above kept me from it. Don't want to be a quitter. 




 Hey, I talked to my dad yesterday. It looks like we will go with either squarespace or wordpress (probably wordpress). I really appreciate your help and explanations on this. This has been great. My dad is insisting that I find out more about how people will be able to find us on google. 

He wants us to be able to add some key words somewhere. In his opinion that is what search engines look for. However I keep telling him that a search engine (as soon as they get hold of your website) "read your website" and will show it in their results if the content of your website matches the search entry. May I ask what you say to this? 




 Same here. Love that one. 




 They are. I just called them. I am just not 100% sure. My dad trusts me with the whole thing. They only thing he keeps mentioning is: "How can we make sure people will find us on google?" 
Also, one last question. Will I have to pay extra for wordpress? Not a massive problem, just asking. 

Again guys, thank you so much. I honestly appreciate you taking your time.  




 I feel like I am going to go with this of wordpress right now.  




 Thank you I had a look at it and like it. Can I just ask: How do I transport whatever I do on squarespace to my domain? 

How about finding it on google afterwards? 




 Directly on wordpress, but that was just to get used to it. I actually just called the people from strato.de They said with what my dad bought, there is no wordpress available. They have their own wordpress type thing and I would need to change my package, which is possible without a problem. 

However they said the SEO option we now have included would then not be available. I have no idea if that is BS. 

I really would like to change to wordpress and not use their own tools because it stinks. Will it be difficult for people to find my website on google?

Sorry for these questions. It must be annoying as fuck... 




 Thank you very much for your reply. 
Actually I have tried to do it via wordpress (and I have already set up something that is good enough from my point if view). However I do not know how to transport it to where I have rented the space. I (my dad) rented the space on strato.de because his friend recommended it. Also, will it show that it is a wordpress website at the bottom? 




 Ok. Cool. I have already rented the space. I will give this a go. So basically they write the html code based on my selections? Is my understanding correct? 




 I did not downvote you. I appreciate your offer. But I would like to try myself first. How long would you need? 









 I don't like that. Thank you for replying.  




 No he really did not. 




 Why? 




 I am simply curious. You see it pretty much every day. Bus driver closes his/her doors, drivers for half an inch, sombody knocks on the door and wants to get on, bus driver refuses (and then of course sometimes that person loses it, but anyway). 

I do not actually have a problem with that because buses come every 2 minutes anyway where I live and I think the bus drivers get way too much shit for this. Clearly they are forced to do this. I was just wondering what the rules are the bus dirvers have to follow. Are they only allowed to open doors in the marked areas at bus stops? If so, why? What happens when they do open the door where there are not supposed to?

 




 Did not think about that, but it makes sense to me.  




 That is the thing it is not heavy at all and it is really good to hold in one hand. It is much easier to hold than a flat tablet. 

And honestly I do not think there is an problem with putting it between to books. It is still slimmer than a book and surely you can put a book between two books.  




 I own a Yoga 8 inch table and the hardware sucks and the UI also does. But I will never go for anything else because it is sooooo convenient. Stand work flawless, it is really comfortable to hold and the battery lasts very long. I can only recommend this tablet 




 No SD card slot is a deal breaker for any device. What the fuck?   




 First of all, I wasn't serious. But now that I think about it. For me the best game of all time is the game that I enjoyed most, so Call of Duty Black Ops is my all time favourite. There might be other games that I would have enjoyed more than this one, but out of the ones I have played this is the best.  




 Good fun playing 4 player zombies with my friends. Just good memories  




 Easy: Call of Duty Black Ops 




 Don't just have strong opinions about stuff. You MUST lead by example.  




 go on 




 Well, in [this](http://www.zeitgeistmovie.com/) movie that is discussed in depth, but it's god, not Jesus.  




 Bread that has bacon baked into it with Nutella. 

Best I ever had.  




 Answer: Immortality

However, and I have thought about this way too much, I would be so scared that my superpower would, for some magical reason, disappear, that I would never make use of it. 

Anybody else have this problem? 









 It's difficult.  




 Haha, this is great. Made me smile. Thank you! 




 I really want to try 




 Same to you! 




 Garfield. The Halloween episode scare the shit out of me.  




 It's a technicality. For example: I am now going to put/not put your wallet on the table. 

* In case I do it and we leave it there, it will be there forever.

* In case I do not put it there and neither does anybody else, it will never be there. 

At any point in the future both things forever and never have the same duration. 

Does that make sense? 




 Is this really a thing? Can I "dress up" as a homeless guy and get away with spitting into peoples mouths?

Edit: I feel like it should be dress down, not dress up... 




 No reception on your phone when going through a tunnel. 

I hate people complaining about it. However, I hate not having reception in a tunnel even more. 




 This did not happen. I don't believe you.  




 I take the bus to work every day and every single day there is another person on the bus who is weird, strange or rude in some way. However I cannot remember anybody nice on the bus at all, ever. 

So the answer is no. Not really. Unless I know people, I do not like anything they do.  




 Pasta, sweetcorn, onion, pesto.

Cook pasta
fry onion (later add sweetcorn) in a wok
add pasta after it's cooked
add pesto
add some salt and pepper if you like

VOIL! 




 Honestly, I have been looking for ages and by far the best looking shirts (IMO) are DKNY shirts. The good thing is moss.co.uk very often has them one sale. Sometimes I only pay 20 per shirt. They are simply amazing.  
























