























































































































 Mr. Moore:

I read with interest [your letter](http://www.ea.com/news/we-can-do-better?ClickID=dcsyz0xhwthrxxxnbm22hhbok2ktrrkt2yxk) to the gaming community regarding the perceptions your customers and the gaming community have of Electronic Arts (EA).  I can understand some of your frustration as indeed some of the criticism is unfair, some unfounded and some overblown.  It is true being bigger, as you implied, means you catch more flak.

I am one of your customers but not a particularly important one.  Merely one drop in a very large bucket.  Nor am I "the voice of the community" or speaking for anyone but myself.  Nevertheless I wanted to address some points you made in your letter and I feel fairly certain many others are thinking the same things (or near enough).  Hubris on my part?  Maybe but it is in earnest.  

I get why being voted "Worst Company in America" would bug you.  It should bug you.  Not because you actually are the "Worst Company in America" but because enough people would think it to vote that way.  This should be telling you/EA something and that it is something to think about rather than dismiss as a bunch of juvenile cranks.

The trick is to figure how the people voting are defining "worst".  Is it "most evil company that destroys ecosystems" or can you think of it as "who treats their customers poorly and delivers a sub-par product while trying to extract the most money they can from their customers"?  Make no mistake I have no love for the oil companies but as a customer they do deliver the product I expect with little hassle.  EA on the other hand seems to be like a gold digger eyeing a prospect to figure how much he/she can be squeezed for.

To be clear, I completely understand EA is a business and they are in this game (pun intended) to make money.  If you do not make money you will be out of business...simple as that.  Absolutely nothing at all wrong with trying to turn a profit (no business would exist if it didn't...learned that in Econ-101).

The issue arises in how you go about making that money.  I will not sit here and tell you the right way to do that (actually I started doing that, wrote several paragraphs and deleted them...email me if you want them).  I will, however, point out some clear misses and apparent blind spots from your letter.  I can guarantee you that this is not just my opinion.  Your corpo/PR approved/sanitized speech has only [incensed people further](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/1bqz6u/peter_moore_we_can_do_better/) (hence this letter).

- You did not support SOPA but [did not oppose it either](http://www.joystiq.com/2012/01/17/ea-explains-lack-of-sopa-stance/).  Further, you did support the Entertainment Software Association which did support SOPA.  Distancing yourself from that is dubious.  It is like pretending you have no political stance while sending money to...I won't Godwinize this letter so will leave it at that (did I just pull off a stealth Godwinization?).

- Your wonderment at the Mass Effect fiasco shows a lack of understanding about what it was the fans were mad about.  Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M0Cf864P7E).  It should clear things up.

- Your fumble of the SimCity launch could have/should have been seen miles away.  I'm sure you had pre-sales numbers so had good reason to know *most* of those people would be jumping your servers in the first few hours.  How can you miss that?  Is giving away 900,000 games cheaper than buying a few more servers?  (Now I think about it I can see that it might have been.  Will need to get my tinfoil hat to ponder that one some more.)

- SimCity always online bit IS a DRM scheme.  It may be other things too but I am sure the folks at EA did not miss that it manages to be DRM because I am (almost) certain they are not stoopid.  That said the DRM aspects may have been icing on the cake.  The online bit for SimCity looks like a good way to get micro-transactions going for the SimCity franchise.  Bottom line is there is NO reason SimCity ever needed an online aspect.  It was not, has never been, that kind of game and has never been a big request for players.  Pretty sure the internet has been telling EA/Maxis that from the very first time they learned of it.  EA/Maxis did it anyway cuz you know...to hell with what the customer wants.

- 45 million registered users is not a meaningful comparison to Steam.  I can personally say I have four games on Origin and 100 (I checked) on Steam.  I log in to Steam several times a week.  I go months without logging in to Origin.  I am willing to bet, indeed I will bet you, Steam blows your doors off in this and will continue to do so.

- About the Madden cover thing...in any large enough group you will have some cranks and weirdos.  I have worked for multi-national companies before and seen some of the complaints that come in and bizarre barely covers it.  Ignore them.  Worry when so many people dislike your company you start winning contests about being the most hated company in the US.

- As for the LGBT stance kudos to you.  You will be on the right side of history and, frankly, it is a smart business decision for you.  Bonus it is also the ethical and the morally correct decision.  Obviously it is a polarizing issue and you cannot keep both sides happy at the same time.  Not being snarky or kidding at all about this...good on you and EA for this position.  

It is encouraging to see you saying EA wants to do better and I really hope EA follows through on that.  You have excellent examples out there such as Steam (perhaps your nemesis but you would be foolish to not figure out what they are doing right) and/or like the folks at CD Projekt RED (to name two).  Both are doing smashingly well with incredible consumer loyalty doing almost exactly the opposite (in many respects) of what EA does.

I used to like EA.  I want to like EA.  You need to decide whether you want to be [Walmart or Costco](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/11/26/why-can-t-walmart-be-more-like-costco.html) in this.

Sincerely,

train_subject9958 












































 I was reading the article [It's Diablo 3 All Over Again with the SimCity 5 Launch](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/SimCity-Diablo-DRM-PC-Gaming-Always-Connected,21385.html) and it occurred to me that for all the gnashing of teeth over these things our pain doesn't matter.

For all the bitching and moaning gamers can produce it is of no matter.  There is ONE measure these companies care about...sales.  

The article I linked above compares Sim City 5 to Diablo-3.  As bad as Diablo-3 turned out to be here are the sales results:

Diablo 3 increased its sales by 2 million from the Q3 of 2012 and that makes Diablo 3 the #1 best-selling PC game at retail for the calendar year 2012 in North America and Europe. ([CITE](http://gamerexp.com/diablo-3-passes-12-million-sales-world-of-warcraft-lost-subscriptions))

In short, all this bitching and moaning is meaningless.  As long as EA can nab best selling games you can bitch all you want.  I guarantee they do not give a shit if they can sell 12 million copies.
 





















































































































































































































































































































 Frustrated by a lack of political power and fed up with blindly donating to politicians who consistently vote against the industry's interests, a handful of leaders are determined to shake things up.

Are they serious?  What planet are they living on?

Whoops...not sure why that didn't link to the article.  Here is the link:

http://www.americanbanker.com/issues/177_66/SuperPAC-banking-Howard-Headless--Friends-of-Traditional-Banking-1048138-1.html?zkPrintable=1 nopagination=1 














 This has always confused me.

Imagine I step off the ISS into space and I want to de-orbit and fall back to earth.  When I step off the station I will remain in orbit next to the space station.  To get back to earth do I need to speed up or slow down?

My confusion stems from the following:

The further away from earth you are the slower you go to stay in a stable orbit.  So, if I slowed down would I move into a higher orbit?  To get back to earth do I need to speed up?
 


































 Not sure if my Vanguard guy should focus more on Aim or Strength.  He is tank specced and has a few melee based attacks as well as ranged attacks.  For the most part the ranged attacks are not all that strong and more damage seems possible with the melee stuff (such as Stock Strike).

Ideas?  Opinions?
 














 I am level-17 Vanguard still tooling around Coruscant.

I have pimped my character about as much as I think he can be pimped on this planet.  Using commendations he has a very nice blaster rifle (complete with mods) and his armor is about as good as it will get for the next few levels (he has an Aim of over 200).

Anyway, when I am fighting mobs my blaster rifle feels like a squirt gun.  I am laying in shooting non-stop and their damage bar ever-so-slowly goes down.  Then my companion (Adric-dude) pops one shot with his autocannon and half their health bar vanishes.

Granted the blaster rifle is not meant to be as powerful as the heavy guns but geez...feels more like I am whipping them with a wet noodle.

My special attacks do damage fine and are what carry me through but I just figured the second most powerful set of guns in the game would have a bit more oomph to them.

Any ideas on what I am missing or is this just how it is? 




 Seems to me it is not in their interest.

If SOPA passes people registering websites would go way down.  People hosting on their site would go way down.  SOPA simply puts far to much liability on a website operator for anyone to be casual about it and that would reduce the number of people starting websites.

So, forgetting for a moment that SOPA sucks and should be opposed period where is GoDaddy's self-interest in supporting this?

As near as I can tell it would only hurt their business.  Self-interest, if doing the right thing is too hard for them, should see them oppose this anyway.

 




 Say we have an infinite series of random numbers such as:

68432010267983002180002687964157862...(goes on forever)

Is there a chance that if you chose some series of numbers, say 1234567890987654321 or 00000000000000000000, will not occur?

If so how big does the series have to be before we could expect a chance of not finding a given string?  That is, it seems silly to think we would never see 35 or 91 or 47 to never appear.  As we get longer the chances for a given series to appear diminish but they never reach zero.
 









 I know the quick answer to this is "no".  I realize Quantum Mechanics has the electron sorta smeared out and assigns probabilities to its location.

That said, does the electron actually have a specific location at any given point in time and the problem is merely our inability to pinpoint it (Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle)?  Or is the electron, in reality, really smeared out?

Also, I know the Bohr Model of an atom is not correct (i.e. electrons orbit akin to planets) but if that is incorrect is the electron orbiting in any fashion or is it blinking (or jumping for lack of better words) from place to place?
 







































 I think this has been mentioned before but it bears repeating since I have seen numerous people pointing this out lately.

This is an internet message board.  Not AP English class.  People will make mistakes when typing messages.  Happens.  Stop correcting every little error and instead focus on the gist of the post.  

Mind you, I am all for proper grammar and I think anyone wanting to make a serious point is well served if they pay attention to their grammar.  Mistakes only detract from what you are trying to get across.

Still, mistakes happen and the worst editor in the world is the person who wrote what is being edited (loosely speaking).

There are some caveats to this (not meant to be an authoritative list as I am sure there are other exceptions to be found):

1)  You are correcting someone who is correcting someone else's grammar.

2)  The misspelling changes the post in a way that makes it unintentionally humorous (worth making note of that).

3)  The grammar is so atrocious as to be nearly unreadable.

Bottom line is to use common sense.  Would you want the topic of discussion in a post you made be your use of "there" instead of "their" when it has nothing to do with anything you were writing about?

Try [this bit by Stephen Fry](http://vimeo.com/15412319) if you want the point put more eloquently than I ever could.

EDIT:  To anyone who loves language I *highly* recommend the Stephen Fry bit I linked.  The guy is brilliant.

 





























 An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar and order a pint.

They look at their beer and notice there is a fly stuck in the foam of each one.

The Englishman, showing some disgust, grabs a spoon and fishes the fly out.

The Scotsman casually flicks the fly out of the foam with his fingers.

The Irishman grabs the fly and yells, "Spit it out ya bastard!"
 
































































 From the linked article:

S P, a unit of McGraw Hill Financial Inc, has said statements about the integrity of its ratings are "puffery" that cannot be a basis for the fraud lawsuit, filed on February 4 by the U.S. Department of Justice.

"Puffery" is a legal term amounting to [promotional statements and claims that express subjective rather than objective views, which no "reasonable person" would take literally.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puffery)

That has to be one of the most fatuous statements I have heard in a long time.  They SOLD their ratings not on the basis of "puffery" but clearly as intended to be factual assessments of the given securities they were rating.

Seems a court got this right this time.
 









 The main purpose of the One Ring was to dominate the will of the users of the other nine rings.

Men succumbed almost instantly to this.  The Elves figured out what was up with their rings and took them off before they could be used against them and I forget what the Dwarves did with their rings.

That said only Sauron could wield that power.  If others used the ring it came to dominate them and would have them seek out Sauron to return the ring to Sauron (the ring was imbued with Sauron's spirit to an extent).
 




 Richard Feynman (great scientist) explains this well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tuxLY94LXw

Short version is it gets front/back reversed and not right/left. 




 There is no limit to the amount of data they could collect in principle.

The problem lies in cost and how big the unit is to be able to hold all that additional information and still remain as resilient as they are.

Over the years more and more data has been added to the black box so they record more than they once did.  Whether there are still some things they'd like to record that they don't or they feel this is enough to determine what happened I do not know.
 




 You should do something to make your your first sentence that is a quote more obvious it is a quote.  I suspect a lot of your downvotes are because people think you are the one espousing that notion (on a first quick read I almost hit the downvote button till a second check I realized you were quoting the article).

*Italicize it* or use the quote function:

E.G. this thing

Or not as you like.  Just saying.  Carry on.

 









 Battlepaws Galacticat 




 John McCain [voted against a bill he himself had originally sponsored](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2010/12/when-john-mccain-was-a-democrat-almost/68291/).

 




 483 comments and only one original comment (all the rest are responses to that one top comment as of this writing).  

Must be some kind of record.  

I guess barring accidental ass bleaching which is apparently rare no one wants to admit to doing it on purpose.  That or Redditors are not a target market for ass bleaching.
 




 This a hundred times.

The ending and the [look on their faces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=3JTH5VPAT4Y#t=166) is some of the best move making ever. 




  Germany had two fronts. Their ability to manufacture was easily bombed.

Actually German production [increased year-to-year](http://chris-intel-corner.blogspot.com/2013/05/wwii-myths-german-war-economy-was.html) throughout WWII despite the bombings.
 




 Amen brother (or sister as the case may be).

You can eat a hundred steaks from a local supermarket and they'll be fine...good even.

Then you have a steak that is top notch.  The cow was raised well, the butcher knew their stuff and the chef knew how to make the best of that and you have something truly remarkable.

I've only had a few like that in my life (tends to be very expensive) but seriously...WOW!

Put it this way...I have had hundreds of steaks in my life.  I still remember those few distinctly many years later.
 




 There are three grades of beef:

- Prime
- Choice
- Select

Prime is of course best and also expensive.  Choice is still very good and reasonably priced.  Select is cheapest and it shows.  For the most part steer clear of "Select" cuts.  By eye you can generally distinguish the cuts by the [amount of marbling](http://www.kansascitymamas.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/beef-grades.png) they have (more marbling = good).

----

Try to understand the main parts of the cow and where a given cut comes from.  There is a lot of fiddly detail that can be learned but that would be class 301 and 401.  For 201 just try and remember this image: http://0.tqn.com/d/culinaryarts/1/0/i/Y/-/-/US_Beef_cuts.jpg

Note that in general the further away you are from the horn and the hoof the more tender the meat is (muscles that work more like leg muscles are tougher).  As such the tenderloin is the most tender cut.

This is not to say tougher cuts are bad...far from it.  They just need to be cooked a bit differently and/or longer for a desirable result.  That said in general the more tender cuts tend to be more expensive (doubtless there are exceptions).

----
Avoid the Round part of the cow.  I am sure there are some recipes that make good use of it but I cannot think of one off the top of my head and would have to look it up.

That said the round is cheap...probably the cheapest part of the cow so if you are on a serious budget it can be a consideration.  You'll just have to work harder to make something good of it.

----

When buying meat make sure the specific part is listed.  If you buy "stew meat" and other generic sounding bits it is usually from the round and other undesirable cuts they are hard pressed to sell otherwise.  

So, for instance, when buying hamburger get ground chuck and not just "hamburger" which will probably be the round (ground sirloin works too but ground chuck is more usual).

----

Understand how different cuts cook.  A NY Strip is great for grilling.  A brisket needs a long, slow cook. Bigger cuts may need to be braised.  The more connective tissue and what not the longer you need to cook it.

----

Cheaper cuts are not necessarily "worse".  The tenderloin is probably the most expensive cut but it has little flavor (very lean...it is prized for being tender...the chef needs to add flavor).  A brisket is a cheaper cut but can be freaking awesome when cooked properly.

Again, just stay away from the round (in most cases). ;)
 




 Must be an age thing.  I recognized all of it.  Thing is you rarely see a chateaubriand or even a t-bone on a menu anymore (restaurants figured there is more money in selling a filet and a NY Strip than a t-bone I think).

It was only a couple weeks ago at a specialized butcher that I saw the first tomahawk cut in ages...I was a kid last time I saw that in the meat case.

Hangar steak is indeed making a comeback.  Had not seen it in ages and am now seeing more of it very recently.  I think that is because beef prices are way up and it is a relatively cheap cut so they can offer a steak on the menu and retain a profit margin and not scare customers.

Ribeyes and the rest have been around forever.
 



















 I bought a Samsung 840 Pro 512GB SSD.  My current system has two drives running in Raid-0 for a total of 250GB (I know but it has served me very well for years).

My question is when I install the new SSD should I leave the current drives in and migrate or unplug the old drives, setup the new drive and do a fresh install of windows and all that?

Either is doable.  Of course migrating would be simpler overall.  I do not know if there are issues getting trim to run via this method though.

Opinions?  
 










































































 Where is everyone?  I figured the Wrigleyville area to be a hotbed of Reddit activity!
 





































































 You can see a description of the recent uproar [here](https://tv.yahoo.com/news/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-vogue-cover-backlash-anna-193400697.html).

While I, personally, am no fan of West or Kardashian and view them both as symbols of what is (at least partly) wrong with this country I am not understanding why there is an uproar over their appearance on the cover of Vogue.

It is my understanding Vogue is a fashion magazine.  West and Kardashian are certainly fashionable and attractive (physically).  Since when is Vogue meant to be socially minded or politically active?  Even if readers think they should be how can these two be so controversial *especially* considering their success?  I thought the sorts of people who read Vogue are the sorts of people who are [Keeping up with the Kardashians](http://www.eonline.com/shows/kardashians).

I do not get it.
 
























































































































































































 I have been looking to buy a [Sony KDL-55W900A](http://www.amazon.com/Sony-KDL-55W900A-55-Inch-240Hz-Internet/dp/B00AWKBZ0M/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics ie=UTF8 qid=1377791638 sr=1-1 keywords=kdl-55w900a).  Unfortunately it really is a bit big for the space I want it in.  Doable but would rather have a 46" set.

Unfortunately Sony does not sell the same model in the US in a 46" version.  Their 46" one is a step down in terms of the technology inside.

I was surprised to find that Sony does actually make a 46" version of that set and sell it in [Asia](http://www.sony-asia.com/product/kdl-46w900a) and [Australia](http://www.sony.com.au/product/kdl-46w900a). 

I would MUCH rather have the 46" set and am puzzled why Sony would not sell it in the US but that seems to be the case.

So my question to those here is are there any reasons to *not* buy the TV from overseas and have it shipped?  Things like the menus are in a foreign language and can't be changed (not really a problem from Australia though) or the TV has some kind of regional locking or stuff like NTSC vs PAL from the old days or anything else?

Or do HDTVs work the same everywhere?
 















































































 Follow-up:  If the allies were aware the holocaust was happening why did they keep it a secret? (At least I cannot recall seeing any propaganda by the allies about it and the soldiers, at least, certainly seemed surprised when they liberated the first camps.)
 




















































































 So...looking to revisit Borderlands 2 and maybe get some DLC Steam tells me there is [$110 dollars](http://i.imgur.com/LSpGzoc.png) worth to be had.  Pretty sure there is overlap here and seems kinda shitty Steam would lay out a $110 pricetag but maybe I am wrong.

So...what is the deal with this? (see linked pic above) 













































































































 Hell...the Civil War wasn't over till 1865 so it is hard to make that accusation before that time.
 




  For starters, I think there are some mental health problems associated with the gay condition. Not that being gay is a mental health problem, but that gays tend to have mental health problems.

No they don't.  At least they do not have mental health problems out of proportion to any other group.  Put another way homosexual people can experience the myriad of psychological disorders the same as any other group but no more and no less.  It is possible things like depression are induced because being oppressed is not fun and would make anyone depressed.

The American Psychiatric Association (APA) removed homosexuality from its official Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) in 1973.  Further changes were made in the 80's and there is no longer any diagnosis professionally recognized as a disorder because someone is a homosexual.

"Males do not represent two discrete populations, heterosexual and homosexual. The world is not to be divided into sheep and goats. It is a fundamental of taxonomy that nature rarely deals with discrete categories... The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects." *(Kinsey, et al. 1948 Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948), p. 639)*.  




 The movie Darkstar. A seriously bad (but in a great way) movie from 1974 (I think). John Carpenter directed it.  




  Pinback: All right, bomb. Prepare to receive new orders.

Bomb#20: You are false data.

Pinback: Hmmm?

Bomb #20: Therefore I shall ignore you.

Pinback: Hello... bomb?

Bomb #20: False data can act only as a distraction. Therefore, I shall refuse to perceive.

Pinback: Hey, bomb?

Bomb #20: The only thing that exists is myself.

Pinback: Snap out of it, bomb.  




  The two major things to avoid with a nuclear reactor are a runaway reaction and a meltdown of the core.

I thought a runaway reaction is a meltdown (as the reaction gets out of control the core heats up and the whole thing melts)?
 




 Yeah...it talks a little about it in the article:

The BBC understands that Google does not search Gmail accounts for other forms of illegal activity, such as pirated content or hate speech.
 




 The part where you cannot deny a woman's right to an abortion.

Granted that is a "right" that was read into the constitution under the "penumbras and emanations" which deemed a right to privacy to exist in the constitution despite it not being explicitly mentioned.  From this right the SCOTUS ruled that a woman cannot be restricted from obtaining an abortion by the state.

You can of course argue that the SCOTUS reasoning in Roe v. Wade is wrong but it remains the law of the land (well...Casey has supplanted Roe and weakened it but a woman still has a right to an abortion).

If the state passes a law that regulates clinics saying, "All doctors must have X" then makes it impossible to get "X" then the state is impermissibly trodding on woman's rights here.  




  You really don't need to read the email's content to filter spam.

I am almost religious about marking spam as spam in my email client and blocking senders of spam in my client and I still get a lot getting through and a lot shunted to my spam folder.

Spammers are well aware of the easy things you can do to block them and are waaay ahead of you on that. 




  This was Google deciding someone is guilty and they should hand him over to the police.

No.  This is Google suspecting a crime may have been committed and handing the evidence over to the police.  The police then decide if there is enough to go on and, if so, arrest the man.  A court will decide if he is guilty or not.

And as noted in the story **all** US companies are legally required to report suspected child abuse.  So, if Google is scanning the emails and is able to discern a suspected child abuser they have no choice but to make the authorities aware of it. 




 Looks great.  I am using now instead of my old one.

The only request that I'd have for the app is if the time till the next train/bus arriving at a stop was displayed on the "Favorite Routes" page.  Not sure if you can squeeze that in or not but would be nice to see at a glance.
 




  I'd like an app that tries to emulate the "should I walk/transfer here or here" i do based off of looking at where my present stuff is and what would be where I ended up going, and sometimes the congestion of the trains ahead or traffic in case of bus.

I think Google Maps will route the ideal route for the time and conditions including transfers using mass transit.
 




 You can never really get 100% of the money going to the cause.  Someone needs to pay for the lights and the office space and the receptionist and the postage and whatnot.

Most good charities will be able to tell you what percentage of each dollar goes to the cause the charity is supporting. 25% for overhead is pretty good (75% to the cause).
 














 I've always looked at someone laying hands on you as a green light to respond.

I assume you mean "respond" in this case to mean "retaliate".

I can come up with dozens of variants of "laying hands on you" off the top of my head of "laying hands on you" that would suggest retaliation goes too far.

I think you need to be more explicit.   




 Kaiser Wilhelm II was a moron.  In a world where things make sense he *might* have managed a government spot as the city dog catcher.

Put the likes of Bismarck back in control of things and it'd be a different matter.

 




 They would NOT cover this.

This device would not necessarily prevent conception from occurring.  Hobby Lobby would consider the resultant failed pregnancy an abortion and hence would oppose it.

Basically it is The Pill (which Hobby Lobby obviously opposes) in a time release electronically controlled dispenser.

 




 The US Constitution says the president may be impeached for "high crimes and misdemeanors".

Thing is there is no definition of what that is exactly.

As a result congress can impeach and convict a president for pretty much any reason at all.  There is no appeals process to it.  If congress throws the president out because they do not like his tie they can do so and there is nothing to stop them except for public opinion.

While that may seem terribly broken and not fair people need to remember that despite the legal language surrounding it impeachment is a purely political endeavor.  Basically, as representatives of the people, Congress is firing the president from his job...that's all it amounts to in the end.

That said there is no way they will get president Obama out of office this way.  They may succeed in impeaching him (like Clinton was) but they will never get a conviction from the Senate and they know it.  This is nothing more than political grandstanding on the republicans' part.

EDIT to add:  Thinking on it more the republicans are probably laying the groundwork and hoping to take the senate in November in which case they could proceed with impeachment and expect to succeed.

 




 One of the panel mentioned how the woman is the victim.

Seems to me if you initiate a physical assault on someone you are no longer a victim.

That said there is proportion in all things.  If the woman slaps you and your ego is more injured than your face that does not grant you permission to punch her lights out.
 




 While I cannot speak for the individuals on that panel (I do not know who they are) they are speaking at a Heritage Foundation event which make them among the war monger faction.  The Heritage Foundation was a big supporter of the invasion of Iraq.

The woman speaking decries the millions killed despite most people being peace loving which seems to imply it is worthless to be peace loving. 

Seems to me her rant is a cautionary tale about keeping an eye on people exactly like her who would lead you to war over the most meager of provocations.  Four dead in Benghazi?  Sad and tragic to be sure but does it merit that whole panel?  Four people (or more) are shot per day (NOT every day) in Chicago with some regularity.  How about they convene a panel to solve that problem?  Oh yeah...there is no money in that.
 




 It really depends on the breed.  Many lap dogs have a variety of issues but the working breeds are often in great shape (they have to be) and they excel at particular tasks.

The trick is to find a reputable breeder.  In the US there are far too many puppy mills which do not give a shit about the quality of the animals they produce.  In some cases this can ruin an entire breed (this happened to the German Shepherd Dog which now has serious health problems in the US...the armed forces and police go to East Europe to get their dogs instead of buying from the US).

If responsibly bred with a care to the gene lines there is no reason you cannot get a healthy pure breed dog.  Such a dog is usually quite expensive though.  A mutt from the local pound can be a stellar family pet and costs very little.  Unless you have a real need or jones for a particular breed a dog from the pound is the way to go 99% of the time.
 




  From a retail perspective, they're much harder to shoplift.

People are also less likely to return the product assuming that if it can't be repackaged in what they bought it in that it cannot be returned.

 




  Why do some people think Democrats are so smart, have you seen their voter base? There's just as many republicans that are not scientific as their are democrats, so generalizing that republicans don't agree with science is in fact not science itself.

Individuals may espouse some stupid ideas but the republicans are actively opposing scientific consensus from scientists.  More, it is not just an occasional crackpot here and there but has taken center stage in republican policy.

For instance:

- The Texas Republican Party has as part of their official party platform that governments at all levels should ["ignore any plea for money to fund global climate change or 'climate justice' initiatives."](http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2014/06/05/3445339/texas-gop-2014-platform-climate-change/)

- ["A new law in North Carolina will ban the state from basing coastal policies on the latest scientific predictions of how much the sea level will rise..."](http://abcnews.go.com/US/north-carolina-bans-latest-science-rising-sea-level/story?id=16913782)

- All that stuff I was taught about evolution and embryology and the Big Bang Theory, all that is lies straight from the pit of Hell. And its lies to try to keep me and all the folks who were taught that from understanding that they need a savior.

And...

- I dont believe that the Earths but about 9,000 years old. I believe it was created in six days as we know them. Thats what the Bible says. ~Paul Broun (he's a doctor and was on the House Science Committee)

-  "If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down [pregnancy]." ~Todd Akin

And so it goes with them. 




 Chicagoan here too (whole life minus college time).

Never heard this before in my life and I hear the siren go off every first Tuesday of the month at 10a from my office in the Loop.

Not saying they don't do this somewhere in the city but certainly not anywhere I have ever been.

 




 Cover your nuts before you say that.  You're about to get hurt...badly. 









  It costs more money to kill them though, since we allow for an extended appeals process to make as sure as possible we are killing only the guilty.

It is not more expensive because of the appeals process.  It adds to the cost to be sure but the cost would be more even without the appeals process (see my other reply to /u/ImAGhostOooooo). 




 It costs substantially more to put a person on death row and execute them than it does to imprison them for life.  This point isn't even argued by death penalty advocates.

How expensive is the death penalty? Just over a year ago, Fox News issued this alarming statement:

Every time a killer is sentenced to die, a school closes.

Dramatic, sure. But some claim that the data backs up these assertions.

While the actual execution costs taxpayers fairly little (the drugs used in Texas run a mere $83), the costs associated with death penalty trials and the resulting incarceration are disproportionately higher.

Citing Richard C. Dieter of the Death Penalty Information Center, Fox reported that studies have uniformly and conservatively shown that a death-penalty trial costs $1 million more than one in which prosecutors seek life without parole.

A Urban Institute study (downloads as a pdf) found that [i]n Maryland death penalty cases cost 3 times more than non-death penalty cases, or $3 million for a single case while a 2004 Report from Tennessee Comptroller of the Treasury Office of Research that claimed [i]n Tennessee, death penalty trials cost an average of 48% more than the average cost of trials in which prosecutors seek life imprisonment.

snip

I assumed that this was because of all of the post-trial finagling that goes on. I was wrong. After reviewing data from state reports, Amnesty International concluded that the greatest costs associated with the death penalty occur prior to and during trial, not in post-conviction proceedings. Even if all post-conviction proceedings (appeals) were abolished, the death penalty would still be more expensive than alternative sentences. [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2011/09/22/death-and-taxes-the-real-cost-of-the-death-penalty/)
 




 I have DirecTV and I have never had anything but except exceptional service.

I do not work for them, I do not own stock in them and have no family reliant on them.  I truly think they are awesome.  I say this as a former Comcast customer (among a few others over the years).  I have come to loathe the cable companies.  That is not hyperbole.

That said I have never tried to cancel my sub and perhaps that is different.

What's the catch?  They are FUCKING EXPENSIVE!  I mean seriously expensive.  I spend $150/month and not even that gets me all the channels (most but not all and I had the best package then they added an even more package and that just pissed me off).

So why do I stay with them?  Awesome service.  

My picture almost never goes out except in an occasional powerful storm (which cable suffers from too since their feeds are from satellite).  Cable was far, far worse.  My picture is better than it ever has been with cable.

The equipment is fisrt rate and incredibly capable.  I can record six shows at the same time off of one input feed.  That box holds dozens of hours of content and it can be watched on any TV in the house with ease.  

Their on-air menu system is freaking light years ahead of cable.  Better looking by a mile and far, far more user friendly.

Customer service *for me* has been nothing short of stellar.  I do not think I have ever waited more than 5 minutes for a rep and the reps have always fixed everything remotely within minutes with no need for a repairman to come out.  When I have complained about a charge (very, very rarely) they just wipe it off my account.

I called them on a Friday about maybe upgrading my system and they gave me all the top notch DVR shit at no cost but also came out the next day (Saturday) to install it all (work on the roof on the dish as well as the new DVR) and hook-up the whole house with the new system (very cool...you can watch any show in any room DVR).  Cost of the install?  $0.00 for about four hours of work (I tipped him but that may have been weird...just felt like he deserved something extra).

Again, DirecTV is expensive as all hell and I have been considering unplugging from them because of it.  Only thing stopping me are some particular circumstances with my living arrangement.  If AT T buys them (I fucking hate AT T although they are not even the worst) that may be enough for me to go.

I am not denying the experience of the OP.  Maybe their customer service turns to shit when you tell them you want to stop service.  For my money if you are going to have any service DirecTV is the best.  You'll pay for it through the nose though. 




  No one missed that point, not a single person, it's in your imagination that we don't already know that.

You cannot say what people do or do not know.

What we can say is people are trying to discredit the whole OP because it is cherry picking its numbers.  

And they're right about that.  The OP did cherry pick.

However, the complaint did not note the subtext which is the workforce for solar is on par with coal currently and well placed to sail ahead of coal in the future.  

If "not a single person" was fooled it is odd to neglect to mention it if only to be fair and for completeness sake.

This has clear policy and political ramifications and so the commentary I was responding to can only be seen as intentionally deceptive and/or pedantic.  In short it was as guilty of misinformation as what it was railing against since it skewed perception of what is happening.
 




 The EFF's Privacy Badger can purportedly block Canvas Fingerprinting:

The EFF is releasing the tool the same day that ProPublica reported on the emergence of a new type of supercookie -- canvas fingerprinting technology, which tracks users based on characteristics of their computers.

snip

The EFF's Eckersley says that Privacy Badger currently is able to prevent AddThis from tracking users. It's really a simple message: if you try to track people without their consent, it doesn't matter whether you use cookies, canvas fingerprints, or some other kind of supercookie -- Privacy Badger will find you, and block you, he says in an email to MediaPost. [SOURCE](http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/230430/eff-says-its-anti-tracking-tool-blocks-new-form-of.html)
 




  I think you'll find that coal still employs far more people if you use the same definition.

It is hard to do an apples-to-apples comparison but the numbers in the article are skewed:

There are, however, two other relevant data series. One, from the Energy Information Administration, shows 91,611 coal-mining workers in 2011, a 6.3 percent increase from the year before. A third data set, the most inclusive, maintained by the Mine Health and Safety Administration, reports 143,437 coal-mining employees in 2011 and estimates there were 137,361 in 2012.  According to the National Mining Association, which published its own report on mining jobs in 2010, the MHSA data is the most inclusive and best reflects the total number of coal jobs of all the government data sets. Why? It surveys the mines themselves, not the companies, meaning it can capture contract workers who are not necessarily employed by the company that owns or operates the mine.

In any case, there isnt a great apples-to-apples comparison for coal and solar jobs. If we use the most generous survey of solar jobs and the rough midpoint of government surveys of coal jobs, the two seem to be roughly comparable. [SOURCE](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/05/06/reports-say-there-are-more-solar-workers-than-coal-miners-in-the-u-s.html)

But for all the poo-pooing some here want to do because the numbers in the OP are skewed miss the bigger point.  Solar jobs are increasing and coal jobs are stagnant or decreasing.  This trend looks like it will keep going for the foreseeable future too.

This then has policy implications.  If the goal of government is to "promote" jobs then supporting the coal industry is a losing proposition.  Their job growth is medicore to stagnant to negative (depending who you read and how you look at it).  Solar clearly is currently about even overall with coal workers in terms of people employed and looks to keep growing.
 




 [Bailouts versus General Welfare](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-aNyalwY5R5o/UnPhmNU6_FI/AAAAAAAALe8/mrjvuyfN-XI/s1600/bailouts-vs-welfareReuters-07Oct2011.jpg)

In short the money committed to Wall Street bailouts alone since the 2008 crisis could fund all social welfare programs in the US for decades or more (including Social Security and Medicare).

This doesn't even touch other subsidies corporations have enjoyed for decades such as subsidies to the oil and coal industries.

If he wants to really stop the cycle of dependence there are other places more worth looking at than the poor.
 




 Agreed.

15 minutes in front of a mirror with a print out of instructions for a [Four in Hand Knot](http://www.tie-a-tie.net/fourinhand.html) (about as simple as it gets for a tie) and you should be good to go.

Down the road knowing how to tie a Windsor and half-Windsor knot is useful too.  These fancy knots in the OP are all well and good but these two (three) will cover you in almost any situation except a black-tie event.
 




 With their merger with TWC still not settled they will be especially careful with PR to show they do, in fact, care. 

They did not give a shit about this for the last decade and really won't give a fuck after the TWC merger if it goes through. 
 




 That's a beautiful camera but for [$50,000](http://www.engadget.com/2012/05/10/leica-hermes-m9-p/)?  Seems a bit much. 




 - Black carbon (BC) is the most strongly light-absorbing component of particulate matter (PM), and is formed by the incomplete combustion of
fossil fuels, biofuels, and biomass.

- BC contributes to the adverse impacts on human health, cosystems, and visibility associated with PM 2.5

- BC influences climate by: 1) directly absorbing light, 2) reducing the reflectivity (albedo) of snow and ice through deposition, and 3)
interacting with clouds. 

- BCs short atmospheric lifetime (days to weeks), combined with its strong warming potential, means that targeted strategies to reduce BC
emissions can be expected to provide climate benefits within the next several decades. 

- BC mitigation strategies, which lead to reductions in PM 2.5, can provide substantial public health and environmental benefits. SOURCE: [EPA -- Report to Congress on Black Carbon: Executive Summary](http://www.epa.gov/blackcarbon/2012report/ReportHighlightsExecSummary.pdf) (PDF)

They also note that there are mitigating factors that may help cool the planet as well but they are clear that this is a pollutant and clear that mitigation strategies to stop it will have "substantial public health and environmental benefits".

So no, it is not harmless.  

I hope you consider the EPA a reliable source.
 




 Uhmm...no:

Black carbon, a component of diesel pollution, is also one of the largest drivers of climate change. Black carbon is a form of particulate matter emitted by diesels (and other sources) that warms the atmosphere by absorbing sunlight and radiating heat into the air (like a blacktop road). It can also darken snow and ice, and directly accelerate melting. The United States has the highest per-capita emissions of black carbon in the world, with more than half coming from diesel engines.  [SOURCE](http://www.catf.us/diesel/)

That said there are not many of these morons doing this so the overall impact is small but still... 




 [Stephen Colbert embraces rolling coal (Video)](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/07/18/stephen-colbert-embraces-rolling-coal-video/) 




  Assuming that info is accurate- fuck those practices.

I cannot say whether it is true or not but a quick Google search shows it being repeated a lot.  Here is one that cites a media source:

Whats particularly egregious, they say, is the number of commercial properties with hundreds of thousands of dollars in outstanding debt owed. Those numbers even surprised WDIV Channel 4 in an April segment on debts to the department. An unpaid water bill of $150 pales in comparison to the outstanding fees of some big players in the city. As the segment reported, Joe Louis Arena owes roughly $80,000, and Ford Field about $55,000. Palmer Park Golf Club and the VA Hospital both owe an estimated $200,000. On top of that, the city of Detroit still has a number of vacant buildings gushing water long after being abandoned, as Steve Neavling of Motor City Muckraker reported last year. [SOURCE](http://metrotimes.com/news/news-hits/protesters-decry-detroit-residential-water-shutoffs-1.1700421)
 




 Lets be clear. These water shut offs are not about unpaid bills. This is about dispossession of the people. These shutoffs are intended to drive people from their homes. Water is the wedge. People are being targeted at the rate of 1500 to 3000 homes a week.


One of the ways we know this is not about unpaid bills is the glaring contradiction between the treatment of homeowners and corporate clients. DPS, under its emergency manger, owes $2.2 million in outstanding bills. Palmer Park Golf Club owes $200,000, Joe Louis Arena/Red Wings Hockey owes $80,000 and Ford Field $55,000. The struggling city of Highland Park, also under emergency management, owes $17.4 million. [SOURCE](http://conversationsthatyouwillneverfinish.wordpress.com/2014/06/13/water-dispossession-and-resistance-by-shea-howell-week-62-of-the-occupation/) 




 It really is.

Even more astounding is how many of these people you see in jobs that are writing oriented (e.g. journalists).  It's scary sometimes.
 




 "This must all be destroyed!"
 














 To be fair a lot of the practice needed to become a good writer is to read a lot (and in particular other good writers).

I am not saying actually writing isn't a part of it.  It certainly is and this seems like laziness on the part of the teachers.  Just saying not all is lost.
 




 This 100%!

Everyone *thinks* they can write because they learned in kindergarten. 

Writing is a real skill and it takes practice and a lot of reading to get good at it.  Most people suck at it (and that is not hyperbole).

I had an IT job which was laying people off year after year and I am certain it was my skill at writing (which was not in any way a part of the requirements for the job) that had me keep my position.  I was good at the core of my job but so were the other people.  The difference was I could also write well and communicate well with our clients and that made a huge difference in how I was perceived by my bosses and clients.

Writing will be a part of most any career and writing well certainly will help you stand out.  You need not aspire to winning a Pulitzer.  Just solid grammar and a bit of care will get you most of the way there.
 




 *"The only time you need to worry about what's in your neighbor's bowl is if you're checking to make sure they have enough."* ~Louis CK 




 I'm going to go a step further and say that they 100% will not work.

You are correct.

It cannot work.  The energy it will produce cannot be enough to do what it says it does (lit up, heated and powering the US) even with generous assumptions.  Not even remotely close.

Here is an engineer familiar with solar installations doing the real-world math for you: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=obS6TUVSZds#t=583
 




 From [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_thermal_unit):

The British thermal unit (BTU or Btu) is a traditional unit of energy equal to about 1055 joules. It is the amount of energy needed to cool or heat one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. In science, the joule, the SI unit of energy, has largely replaced the BTU. 




 Hamas is [funded by Iran](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Foreign-Policy/2014/0709/Iran-connection-Why-are-Gaza-rockets-reaching-so-deep-into-Israel-video) and Iran has no interest in seeing peace come to the area.

There have been honest attempts, from both sides, in the past 50+ years to broker a real peace deal but such peace is invariably scuttled by one side or the other.  It is trivially easy for those who want to see the conflict continue for their own reasons to keep stirring the pot.

Consider how much money Iran has spent arming Palestinians (tens of millions of dollars...maybe hundreds) and how much good that money could do if it were used to build schools and such.

Remember when Israel was formed after WWII other Arab countries had agreed to absorb the Palestinians.  When the time came they shut their borders to them.

I am not saying Israel is innocent here.  FAR from it!  Just realize you can point to a lot of culpable parties here of which Israel is just one.
 




 [Garbage - Stupid Girl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0EpeX8tSoA hd=1) 




 She is good.

If you like this you also might like:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXiISKt9L4s (she has several videos)


 




 Is a non-native speaker who is challenged with capitalization and spelling a reliable critic of video game dialogs in your view? 

I can give the spelling mistakes a pass (we all do it) but not appropriately capitalizing is, in my opinion, pure laziness.  Such laziness suggests to me the person writing the comment has little room to criticize and proclaim "weak writing".   




 ...the writing is weak as well, creating dissapointing messages.

Says the capitalization/spelling challenged guy/gal.

Hard to take this assessment seriously. 




 Probably.  They have to know that nuking somone is the one thing that will 100% motivate the rest of the world to come down on them like a ton of bricks.  Not even China could protect them. Indeed to maintain control over its backyard it is likely China would be the ones kicking NK ass.

All well and good but the flip side is we cannot liberate NK concentration camps because:

A) NK has nukes

B) They have something like 10,000+ artillery tubes trained on Seoul, South Korea

C) China

If the NK leadership is about to go down then they start throwing nukes.

That really is all nukes do.  They tell everyone else that if you attack and start winning we throw nukes and everyone loses.  Central tenet of MAD (mutually assured destruction).

So, we cannot help the people in NK.  Not a chance of that in any foreseeable future.
 




 NK missiles [can't quite reach the US](http://in.reuters.com/article/2013/03/08/korea-north-military-missile-idINDEE92706220130308) (parts of Alaska maybe but empty parts).  Yet.  They are working on it diligently.

The leadership are child-like in their actions but they have some smart people in their country and their nukes and missiles work.

More likely than attacking the US directly where their missiles can only just barely reach they would more likely threaten South Korea and Japan which are well within range of their missiles.  Tokyo is an easy shot for them.

If you do not think their missiles and nukes are threatening enough and too high-tech then consider they have an ungodly amount of artillery along the border with South Korea that can easily range on Seoul (over 25 million people in that area).  Enough artillery to throw the equivalent of a nuke into the area in less than an hour.

That is WWII (hell, WWI) tech. 




 If you think for one second China would be cool with American adventurism in North Korea you are sadly misinformed.  China WOULD fight the US if the US invaded North Korea.

There is precedent for this.  China fought the US in the Korean War directly (pew pew).  They WILL do so again.

China may not be thrilled with North Korea but they see it as part of their hegemony and absolutely will not tolerate the US there in the slightest.

NK would have to nuke someone for the US to have its *casus belli* to go in there.   




 There are numerous legal opinions that can be found about whether Congress can sue the President and they nearly all agree that Congress cannot do this.  They hold this opinion regardless of ideology because this has already been pretty well established.  Here is a [conservative viewpoint on why it will fail and is a waste of time](http://www.forbes.com/sites/daviddavenport/2014/07/10/boehner-vs-obama-to-sue-or-not-to-sue-that-is-the-question/).

If you do not want to read the article the short version is Congress lacks standing to bring such a lawsuit.  They cannot show they have incurred damages thus have no room to complain to a court about this.

There is nothing new about this stance from the courts.  In the end the courts view this as a political problem to be solved via the political process.  Congress is far from powerless in this regard.  As a practical matter they may be frozen today but they DO possess the power to rectify these problems on their own without court intervention which is (rightly) why the courts want to stay out of it.
 




 Yeah...big time. North Korea is under protection of China as it is China's back yard. Going to war in North Korea would mean war with China. 

Both are nuclear states too.  




 You can find similar stories [here](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang/wp/2014/07/10/poor-mans-polar-vortex-to-make-shocking-summer-return-in-eastern-u-s-next-week/) and [here](http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2014/07/10/polar-vortex-part-ii-record-low-cold-possible-next-week/). 




 Meteorological purists may tell you its not a polar vortex at all. However you choose to refer to the looming weather pattern, unseasonably chilly air is headed for parts of the northern and northeastern U.S at the height of summer early next week.

Bearing a haunting resemblance to Januarys brutally cold weather pattern, a deep pool of cool air from the Gulf of Alaska will plunge into the Great Lakes early next week and then ooze towards the East Coast. [SOURCE](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang/wp/2014/07/10/poor-mans-polar-vortex-to-make-shocking-summer-return-in-eastern-u-s-next-week/)

Perhaps the mechanism is not the same but the result looking at those maps seems exactly the same.
 




  I read that as I'm making all this shit up as I go along. 

Well...it is Chicago afterall.  If you do not like the weather wait five minutes and it'll change.
 




 Everyone (or men at least) should have a [med alert bracelet](http://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2013/01/04/e6f561d0-f0e2-11e2-8c7c-d4ae52e62bcc/143f0d61fb936161b79ce682aad078d3/medicalert.png) for this. 




 If you work in the loop there is a cigar store in the Chicago Board of Trade building:  http://www.jackschwartz.com/
 









 Emma Watson is beautiful to be sure but I agree she does not really have a Harley Quinn vibe.  Too prim, too thin (or perhaps delicate is a better word) to be Harley.

Harley is good looking too but a lot curvier (in a good way), a bit sturdier and athletic in form and an edginess that Emma simply does not have.

Not dissing on Emma but not every role is suited for any actor. 




 You are forgetting a thing called loans (how most small businesses get started).
 




 And of course if Walmart went away that would be an opportunity for people to open stores selling French bread.

Sounds like an opportunity to me and good for the community.  




 My thought was his pack looks too small for a parachute.

I've never been skydiving so I have no clue.  Just amazes me it can all fit in there...ropes and all.  Apparently it can which is kinda neat.
 




 Isn't it ironic that we need to raise millions for a PAC to get money out of politics?

Before you smush the downvote button I get it.  These are the rules today so need to play by them. Personally I hope something comes of this. 

Just saying it's weird on some level.
 




 Awesome way to make your daughters happy.

Make sure they [never read the original](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Little_Mermaid) though.  Kinda ruins the Disney vibe big time. 




 Here is an easy one:

x = 0.999...


10x = 9.999...

10x - x = 9x


9.999... - 0.999... = 9


So:


9x = 9


Solve for x:

x = 9/9


x = 1
 




 The demand simply isn't there.  If companies could make scads of money offering more vegetarian options they would do so.  As it is there are some vegetarian only restaurants in some bigger cities.

That said more vegetarian options are offered today than in the past.  Most restaurants are sure to have a few vegetarian selections on the menu.   




 Me: "It's broken."

Mom:  "Broken?  How can that be?  It was working yesterday!"
 




 Not all charges are instantly posted to your account.  In this fashion you can charge more than you have before your bank realizes you have overdrawn your account. 




 I think they made a mistake.

I hemmed and hawed whether to buy this game but during the summer sale the discount did not seem super great and it was still in beta so I put it on a wishlist.

Now it is in full release and full price.  Having just seen it not 12 hours ago for substantially less I cannot bring myself to pay full price.

I know, support the devs of good games.  Thing is I already did a lot of damage during the summer sale and no matter how you slice it I find it hard to plonk down full price for something that was cheaper so recently.

Ah well...I made my own bed, I get to sleep in it.
 




   For pure gambling type stuff, no one touches steve forte.

Can Forte deal from the middle of the deck?  A Youtube video shows him having to [move the cards back to the top](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfwvtMdZpec) and later mentions the "grandaddy" deal is the bottom deal.  Ricky Jay learned how to [center deal](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=Jljt5Ml28FU#t=1126).
 




 But, I guess I'm literally Hitler for working in a public school.

Is your name Hitler?  If not I hope you are not teaching at that school.
 




 This is not being done in a court of law.  The rules for the school to do its thing may be different (or not, I do not know).
 




  That is to say he did not understand what he was signing and could not understand what he was signing.

Hell...he can barely even write his own name.
 









 Generally, to be legally valid, most contracts must contain two elements:

- All parties must agree about an offer made by one party and accepted by the other.
- Something of value must be exchanged for something else of value. This can include goods, cash, services, or a pledge to exchange these items.

In addition, certain contracts are required by state law to be in writing (real estate transactions, for example), while others are not. [SOURCE](http://www.sba.gov/community/blogs/contract-law-%E2%80%93-how-create-legally-binding-contract)

Contract law can get very complex but the above suffices for an ELI5 answer. 




 The voices are not necessarily always negative but the voices do represent a side of the person's personality that is lacking expression.  Those repressed feelings are emotions that cause fear and anxiety and thus come out as negative voices.

[Eleanor Longden gives an interesting TED Talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/eleanor_longden_the_voices_in_my_head) on her battle with schizophrenia that is enlightening and interesting. 









 *The only difference between the Republican and Democratic parties is the velocities with which their knees hit the floor when corporations knock on their door. That's the only difference.* ~Ralph Nader
 




 More people should read the Federalist Papers where a few of the founding fathers set forth a lot of their thinking on how the government should work.

AMONG the numerous advantages promised by a well constructed Union, none deserves to be more accurately developed than its tendency to break and control the violence of faction. The friend of popular governments never finds himself so much alarmed for their character and fate, as when he contemplates their propensity to this dangerous vice. He will not fail, therefore, to set a due value on any plan which, without violating the principles to which he is attached, provides a proper cure for it. The instability, injustice, and confusion introduced into the public councils, have, in truth, been the mortal diseases under which popular governments have everywhere perished; as they continue to be the favorite and fruitful topics from which the adversaries to liberty derive their most specious declamations.

snip

By a faction, I understand a number of citizens, whether amounting to a majority or a minority of the whole, who are united and actuated by some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adversed to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.

snip


From this view of the subject it may be concluded that a pure democracy, by which I mean a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person, can admit of no cure for the mischiefs of faction. A common passion or interest will, in almost every case, be felt by a majority of the whole; a communication and concert result from the form of government itself; and there is nothing to check the inducements to sacrifice the weaker party or an obnoxious individual. Hence it is that such democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention; have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property; and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths. Theoretic politicians, who have patronized this species of government, have erroneously supposed that by reducing mankind to a perfect equality in their political rights, they would, at the same time, be perfectly equalized and assimilated in their possessions, their opinions, and their passions.


A republic, by which I mean a government in which the scheme of representation takes place, opens a different prospect, and promises the cure for which we are seeking. Let us examine the points in which it varies from pure democracy, and we shall comprehend both the nature of the cure and the efficacy which it must derive from the Union.

SOURCE: [The Federalist #10: James Madison](http://www.constitution.org/fed/federa10.htm)
 




 What does it say about American democracy that the political will of the American voters is being continuously overruled by courts regarding the gay marriage issue. 

It says it is alive and well.

The country was setup with checks-and-balances.  It's right in the Constitution.  Go check.

As such the courts are a check on the executive and legislatures (and vice versa).  This is how it is *supposed* to work.

If you believe the people of a state can institute any policy they like and be done with it then you do not believe in American democracy.  Period.

 




 Well, there isn't a court yet that agrees with you.

An appeals court also found today that banning same sex marriage is a violation of the constitution: [Federal appeals court: Utah can't ban gay marriage](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/court-utah-gay-marriage-ban-unconstitutional)

The article notes that there are now 14 federal rulings in favor of same sex marriage (this does not count state court rulings).
 




 It seems you are suggesting homosexuality is a choice.

Simple question then:

Did you ever sit down and choose to be a heterosexual?  Did you work through the pros and cons of being a heterosexual versus a homosexual? Do you know anyone who did that?

If you talk to most homosexual people they will tell you that when they started figuring out they were homosexual (usually in high school) they would, given a choice, choose to be heterosexual.  Being a gay teen is pretty rough...few would choose it if it were an actual choice.
 









 With Nexus Mod Manager or Steamworks (especially Steamworks) there is almost nothing to it.  A few things can still be a pain to setup (ENB is a bit of a hassle) but beyond a handful of things these managers make adding and managing mods about as painless as can be.

Yeah you have to spend some time researching them but you can find recommended lists online that are fine to go with if you do not want to look into each one yourself.

I estimate I spent a good two hours (maybe a bit more) farting around getting all the mods I wanted but it was well worth it.
 




  However, electricity itself is caused by the movement of electrons, which have a rest mass, and are therefore technically "matter" under a looser definition.

To be a bit more clear on this electrons do not move very much at all in an electric current.  They do move a bit but the speed (called "drift") is actually quite slow on the order of fractions of a millimeter per second.  

It is more akin to having a tube 100% filled with water and adding a drop at the top and a drop falls out the bottom (ignore gravity and surface tension for the moment).  The top drop did not travel all the way through...it barely got anywhere at all.  But if you add a stream of water into the top then you get a stream of water (a current if you like) out the bottom.
 









 It is pretty straight forward.  You have money coming in and money going out.  You need to make the money coming in more than the money going out.

Keep a ledger for a month and write down *everything* you spend money on right down to a pack of gum (keep all your receipts for the day and add them up at night).  Note what goes where in the ledger such as household bills (electric, gas), food, entertainment, etc.

Then figure out what your total income is.

With these pieces in hand start looking for places to cut costs.  Eat out less.  Be more frugal when food shopping, cool your place to only 77 instead of 72 in the summer, look for coupons and bargains and so on.  Also, after necessities like food and electricity, pay off credit cards and any other high interest debts you have as fast as possible.  Your interest payments help keep you underwater so getting rid of those first will help the most.  Interest payments are wasted money.

You need to keep cutting till your income exceeds your expenses.  
 




 Have you added any mods yet?  They may not be enough to change your mind but there are a helluva lot of them and they can substantially improve on the vanilla experience. 

Indeed mods are a huge bonus in Bethesda games. You're missing out if you ignore them and with SteamWorks or Nexus Mod Manager they are pretty easy to use. Ever for a purist the GUI mods are not to be missed.  




 Good thing too.  If the sun *burned* its fuel (rather than via a nuclear reaction) it would only have enough fuel to last about 50,000 years or so.  

In the 1800's, before nuclear reactions were understood, scientists calculated that 50,000 year figure and had an immediate problem since they believed the earth to be about 100 million years old.  That age for the earth was also too young by a long shot but it remains they had a problem since it was not possible for the earth to be older than the sun.

They figured it all out in the early 1900's and now the numbers line up nicely.
 




 Because we all have considerable experience in this.  You see dozens of people every day (even if only on TV) and in the course of your life you have gotten a lot of information about the ages of some of those people.

Your brain simply matches up what it knows about people of various ages and characteristics they share to be able to have an informed guess about someone's age and generally you will be pretty close.
 




 Eh...if it was a urinal cake of George Bush (the junior one) I'd probably find it kinda funny.

My only reservation is (regardless of who the president is) that there should be some respect for the office of the president.

But whatever...in the scheme of things this is small potatoes.

What it mostly shows is the class level of this Faith Conference.  Apparently juvenile potty humor is part of their message. 




 Amazing.  I cannot imagine how much practice it takes to become adept at this (a metric crapton I suspect).

I love watching this stuff.  My favorite card control personality is [Ricky Jay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQmNuRZU4nQ).  He actually is also an expert on gambling.  You never want to play this guy at cards.
 




 "Job creators are being taxed to death."

Where?  How?  By who?

The marginal business tax rate maxes out at 35% in the US.  Sounds pretty bad except I doubt there is a corporation out there in that bracket (income of over $18.33 million) who actually pays that rate.  Indeed the GAO calculated that [U.S. corporations pay average effective tax rate of 12.6%.](http://money.cnn.com/2013/07/01/news/economy/corporate-tax-rate/)  That puts the US [among the lowest taxed countries in the world for corporations.](http://www.kpmg.com/global/en/services/tax/tax-tools-and-resources/pages/corporate-tax-rates-table.aspx)

Not to mention it has been 35% since 1993 so hardly a new thing or something Obama did.

 




 It is currently [25% off on Steam.](http://store.steampowered.com/app/275670/) 




 Well...here is an example from seven years ago and looks like it works really well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3m24bjkfg0 feature=player_detailpage#t=162

Look, I am not saying they haven't done something cool here.  Just saying stability control is not new tech.
 




 I was gonna say a [Capybara](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capybara) but yours (which I never heard of before), while looking very similar, seems a better guess.
 




 This is how they maximize profit.

Pretty much everyone who has a console has a PC.

If they came out with PC at the same time as console people with sufficient PCs will certainly buy the PC version.

This way, if you want to play and have a console, you will buy the console version.  You might then ALSO buy the PC version when it comes out.  The reverse is pretty much never true.

 




 Did they invent stability control?  I seem to remember active stability control being demonstrated by Mercedes(?) many years ago.  I assumed it never made it into production because of cost but then cost is not so much an issue with Koenigsegg. 




 Nah...the Coca-Cola Company just forgot to take [Scalia out hunting](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/03/18/politics/18CND-SCAL.html) or [pay Thomas' wife to lobby for them](http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2011/05/clarence-thomas-health-care-reform-weiner). 




  I want my freedom to listen to shitty hipster music while chasing a criminal, goddamn it!

Shitty indeed.

I am amazed at how bad most of the music is.  Seriously disappointing. 

I am not sure if they just wanted to go cheap on licensing or if there was some plan behind it all.  Whatever the case the music sucks and that was a real let down for me. 




 Basically they are paralyzed with fear.  They feel they are just barely floating with their mouth barely at the surface and anything they might do could be the thing that causes them to drown.  Also, they are no longer thinking as a rational person would.  They are terrified and it consumes them.
 




 Why are people downvoting this?  Did anyone read it?  It is a neat interactive chart mostly. (I thought it was neat anyway) 




 This really is a terribly complicated subject and one people have dedicated careers to get a handle on.  As such remember this is ELI5 so you will get the ELI5 answer that misses a lot of complexity.

In theory currency values are based upon Purchasing Power Parity (PPP).  This is the idea that the same basket of goods will have an equal price in any two countries.

Exchange rates, in theory, move towards PPP.

So let's say there are 100 one-dollar bills in my country and there are 200 one-peso bills in your country.  If a loaf of bread costs $1 in my country it should cost $2 in your country (the peso also uses the dollar sign).  Each loaf of bread costs 1% of the outstanding money in the country.  As such we would have an exchange rate of $1 US for $2 MEX.

As you can see how much currency, among other things, affects the value of your currency.  Go further and you can find one mechanism for the collapse of a currency.

Let's say I have $200 in my economy but I am in debt so I print more money.  Remember that loaf of bread costs 1% of the outstanding currency.  If I now have $300 in my economy because I printed money the bread now costs $3.  Thing is, the people who live there do not have more currency because more was printed.  They still have the (say) $5 they started with.

This is inflation.  Inflation devalues the money you have on hand.  If today the bread costs $2 and tomorrow it costs $3 your money is effectively worth less.  It takes more to get the same basket of goods.

A little inflation is actually a good thing.  Deflation is worse for an economy.  That said only a little is good.  A lot can be a real problem and it can get really, really bad (called hyper-inflation).  Hyper inflation can collapse the currency.  This is the point where the money is essentially worthless and the country reverts to a barter economy.  

As an example post WWI Germany experienced hyperinflation.  *"In 1922, a loaf of bread cost 163 marks. By September 1923, this figure had reached 1,500,000 marks and at the peak of hyperinflation, November 1923, a loaf of bread cost 200,000,000,000 marks."* ([SOURCE](http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/hyperinflation_weimar_germany.htm))

Zimbabwe has this problem now.  About a year ago (not sure where it stands today) Zimbabwe was printing a $100 trillion note that was [worth about $300 US](http://thefinanser.co.uk/fsclub/2013/07/zimbabwes-currency-crisis-and-the-100-trillion-dollar-note.html).
 




 If drowning actually leaves the person more 'stiff' though, does that mean it is alright to try and help them (since the story goes if you try to help a drowning person they'll just end up drowning you) ?

Absolutely not.  Going in after the person is your **last resort** when there is no other option.  

Remember they are panicked and in serious fear for their own life.  They will move and clamp on to you if you get within reach.  There is a reason it is not unheard of for two people to drown when one tried to save another.

Ideally you use a throwable floatation device to them or use a pool hook to get them out.  Lifeguards often have a throwable device they drag with them that they throw once they get close to the victim.

If you absolutely must swim to and grab the victim you should swim underwater the last 10 feet or so, grab the victim's legs and spin their back towards you.  Then slide up behind them with your arm around them.  This grants you some measure of control.  If the victim spins and seizes you do all you can to go back underwater.  The victim will NOT follow and will let go.
 









 Panic is what causes drowning far more than not being taught to swim.

Swimming (or at least not drowning) is pretty natural to humans.  As adults people who have not learned to swim panic and freeze up (the image of a person thrashing about while drowning is wrong...drowning people do not do that...[learning what a drowning person really looks like is important](http://lifehacker.com/know-what-drowning-really-looks-like-to-help-save-lives-511869654)).

Panic is the cause of that.  Babies do not "know" to panic so do fine in water. 




 Judges operate on the assumption that the facts presented to them by the police seeking the warrant are true.  The judge really has no ability to assess the validity of the representation by the police.  Warrants need to be issued quickly...they cannot spend months investigating whether the police really have just cause for the warrant.

What stops the police from bullshitting the judge is it is generally a bad idea to piss off a judge who you will have to go before numerous times.  Not to mention the judge could hit them with perjury charges. 









  Allowing medallions to be investments that you can't lose for being a terrible cab driver or a lack of use ruins the entire system.

I am not sure how it works elsewhere but in Chicago (where I live) it is very rare for the cab driver to own the medallion or even the cab.  These are owned by holding companies which then lease their cars out on a daily basis to drivers.

The cabbie has paid whatever it is (over $100 for 8 hours I think) to the cab company to use the car.  The cab company could not care less if they never pick up so much as a single fare.  The cab driver needs to make enough to cover the cost of leasing the cab and whatever is left is profit for them. 




 Note there are many different types of combustion engines out there.  I will assume you mean a typical 4-stroke engine you find in most cars these days.

[This animation](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/4StrokeEngine_Ortho_3D_Small.gif) shows it pretty clearly.  Each number is one of the "strokes" and there are four of them hence a 4-stroke engine (there are other kinds of this as well):

1 - Piston goes down, valve opens and a fuel/air mixture is drawn into the engine (today it may be a fuel injection system instead but serves the same purpose).

2 - Piston rises compressing the fuel/air mixture.  At the top of the stroke the spark plug fires which ignites the fuel mixture.

3 - The piston is pushed down by the exploding fuel mixture that was ignited in step #2 above (this is called the power stroke).

4 - The piston rises and a valve opens allowing the piston to push out the burnt fuel mixture into the exhaust system.

Note:  At the bottom the piston is attached to the crank shaft which connects to the transmission and wheels.

 




 I do not know if you have seen this before or (if you haven't) if will be of any help to you but you might find it interesting if nothing else.

[TED - Eleanor Longden: The voices in my head](http://www.ted.com/talks/eleanor_longden_the_voices_in_my_head)
 




 Fascinating!  Thanks! 




 If you have 5 smart TVs running 24/7 doing video streaming you'd hit your 300GB cap with Comcast in barely over a day.  Add in all the rest also running 24/7 and it'd be less than a day. 




 I cannot think what you would do at home that would use 200GB a day that is a bigger bandwidth hog than video streaming.

Only things that come to mind might be torrents and/or a home web server.  What you would want to torrent that uses 200GB (or a significant portion of that) per day (or 6 TB/month) *on a regular basis* is beyond me. I cannot imagine having enough storage at home to handle that (72TB/year). 

If you are running a web server from home to hit that bandwidth you are violating the Comcast TOS (nothing new there...they have never allowed that).

Bottom line, as you can see from the Sandvine stats I posted, you are waaaay beyond even heavy user usage (whatever it is you are doing). 




 I'm curious what the hell the OP is doing to consume that much bandwidth?

At the *most* Netflix will consume about [2.3GB/hour](http://www.gci.com/kb/netflix-movie-and-data-usage) to stream high definition movies.  That works out to 13 hours of high definition movies per day at your current rate.

This is WAY over the average consumption of internet users and well above the average of the top 15%:

The Sandvine report also examined consumption patterns among different cohorts of users. The top 15% of bandwidth users dominate network usage in North America, accounting for 54% of total monthly network traffic in March. That group consumes on average 212 gigabytes per month, the equivalent of 100 hours of video and more than seven times the 29 GB of a typical subscriber. (Sandvine termed this top 15th percentile of users cord-cutters, speculating that they are relying on the Internet for video entertainment  but it doesnt actually know whether those consumers have canceled pay TV.)


Overall, mean average usage per subscriber for wireline broadband in North America was 51.4 GB in the first half of 2014, up from 44.5 GB last fall. That increase is in line with the 30%-40% annual growth rate in bandwidth consumption ISPs are forecasting for 2014, according to Sandvine. [SOURCE](http://variety.com/2014/digital/news/netflix-youtube-bandwidth-usage-1201179643/)

Netflix will be your biggest use by far.  Games and music do not come close (people think games are a big use but they really aren't apart from the initial download of a given game...online gaming is pretty low bandwidth...IIRC Battlefield 3 uses about 80MB/hour).  Normal browsing and email hardly register.

I am no fan of Comcast by a long stretch but maybe this time they have a legitimate gripe.  I cannot imagine what your house is doing to consume that much bandwidth.

Whatever the case [I hope you don't live in my neighborhood.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vgang1izeh0)
 




 You should be deeply skeptical.  If they really had a cure for baldness they would be falling over themselves to have independent, double-blind studies performed.

We see none of that here.

Currently there is no "cure" for male pattern baldness.  You can get hair transplants and the future may offer some hope in the form of [hair cloning or natural regeneration](http://www.askmen.com/sports/health_200/223_mens_health.html) but it will be awhile yet before those options become available (or maybe never...have to wait and see).
 




  ...maybe they'll just breed like ~~rabbits~~ ~~humans~~ and overpower everyone with numbers.

Zerg 




 Like you I have played since the very first Civ game and have been a huge fan all along the way.  I liked Civ 5 when it came out and now, with all its DLC and whatnot, I think it is one of the best games ever.  Certainly my favorite.

That said this looks like Civ 5 with renamed units.  Basically the same game except you call Unit-A Unit B and make it look different.

Don't get me wrong...I love the Civ 5 gameplay but if the difference is largely cosmetic with a different story I don't see the point.  I'll just keep playing Civ 5 happily.

 




 Seriously?

Is there a living, breathing, heterosexual male here who cares if she wants to iron the ceiling?

I say go for it!  Let me hold the ladder for you.
 




 Try [Paddy Long's](http://www.paddylongs.com/).  They do beer and bacon and the bacon is more than your typical breakfast diner bacon.
 









 The Swiss approach to self-defense has never been one of overwhelming military force (indeed that might scare neighbors and provoke them).

Instead the Swiss approach is one of being more trouble than it is worth to attack them.

Germany could certainly take Switzerland if it so chose but the cost would be steep and the gains not worth it.  The Swiss know their mountains very well so an invasion would be difficult and costly in terms of men and machines. 
 




 For copyright reasons I cannot quote all of the explanation found at [this link](http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/the-birds-and-the-bees.html) which answers your question.

Short version: It is unclear where it originated but there are a few good guesses with the best being it is from *"the work of the American naturalist John Burroughs. In 1875, he published a set of essays titled 'Birds and Bees, Sharp Eyes and other Papers'. Burrough's aimed to present nature to children in a way that they could easily understand and appreciate."*
 




 Yeah...I live in Chicago in a condo and the decks are all wood.  Most buildings (and perhaps city code...not sure but definitely building rules) will not allow you to have a charcoal grill as it is a serious fire hazard (and it is not just your place at stake but the building filled with everyone else too).

Gas grilling is the only choice.

I just wish, given that there are a LOT of gas grills out there, these celeb chefs would show us some love too and give grilling recipes and tips for gas grills. (I know there are some but charcoal seems to be most of it) 




 Why would they?

Not like Nader voters would ever pull the lever for Bush. 




  His (somewhat simplistic) view is that because there is mass, there is matter.

Matter and energy are equivalent ( see E=MC^2 ).  Matter can be converted to energy and vice versa and energy has gravity as well as matter.

If you put a box around the earth and magically converted all the mass of earth to energy the moon would remain in orbit same as if the earth was still matter.

We usually do not experience gravity with energy because we are rarely around that much energy in one place (your mass converted to energy would be on the order of around [10,000 megatons](http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=122487))

So, if all the matter sucked into a black hole is converted to energy you will still feel the gravitational pull same as if it stayed as matter. 




 In the US we have a First Past the Post voting system. This makes it a near certainty that you end up with a two party system due to strategic voting (eg you vote against someone more than you vote for someone). 

Third parties just split the ticket as happened with Gore and Nader seeing Bush take the White House.  
























