 Good point, but technically he would still have Stark blood in him. 




 Yes but he was legitimized as a Stark, which makes him the heir to Winterfell. If anything I think that it would become voided if it were ever to come to light that he was actually Rheagar's son.  




 Start using the tape deck hookup and then come talk to me.  




 I have seen a lot of talk on this subreddit about the R+L=J theory. Some people think that this would make him heir to the Iron Throne. Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't he still be a bastard but only with a different father? He still would not have any better claim to the throne then he does now. I could be completely wrong here so if I am will somebody please explain what the significance of this theory is? 




 Yeah, I just watched it last night. Thought it was a pretty good movie.  









 Just because one person says Fringe is bad, doesn't make it a bad TV show.  




 I can't believe I missed this. What pages? 




 I am paraphrasing, but I think he says "and her honeys all mine"

EDIT: Dammit. Late to the party 




 link? 




 I think you have to be lying face down. 




 Nope, but I am just speculating here anyways. The new WiiU controller would be more useful than Kinect functionality for ME3   




 This is directly from Nintendo conference 




 Second image to the left of EA sign. Wonder how they would use new controller.

EDIT: this image is from Nintendo conference.  









 Title: House Stark
Shield: Stark

 




 I think that is only because you never got a PoV chapter from her until AFFC. 




 Fuck you Jamie Lannister 




 You are so right in stating that the above gentleman is correct.  




 I am laughing just thinking about this, and what my probable reaction to this would be.  




 People to stand close to me at grocery stores while I am shopping.  




 Honesty is almost a negative trait right now in the current job market. 




 I cannot even being to describe how hard that made me laugh.... 




 At least he can re-watch all of his favorite TV shows. The question is...how does he know which one's were his favorite? 




 I really wish I didn't read as fast as I did. Now that I am finished with all four books I can't sop thinking about A Dance with Dragons!!! 




 Was just about to post this until I saw yours.  




 All of these characters have much bigger roles in books 2 and 3, so I would imagine that they will also get more screen time as well.  




 Should've bought from KMart. They had a really good deal on L.A. Noire. 




 Well, has she drank from a garden hose and survived? 




 Cleveland is actually not that bad. I live/work here and have no problem with this city.  




 unless you have a Wii... 




  I cast Lvl. 3 Eroticism. You turn into a real beautiful woman. 




 "In summary, laboratory tests and driving studies show that cannabis may acutely impair several driving-related skills in a dose-related fashion, but that the effects between individuals vary more than they do with alcohol because of tolerance, differences in smoking technique, and different absorptions of THC." 




 That's my text ringtone *LISTEN* 




 Overall average for WI according to your link. In Ohio, starting wage is $33,671 and averages is $50,314. Regardless, I would have to agree that $38,284 is a very low average salary in WI.

source: http://teacherportal.com/salary/Ohio-teacher-salary 




 Honestly though...it's a user review for a videogame. I could log on right now and give it a 0/10 just for spite. I would care more if we were talking about a Critic Review.  




 We are talking about starting wages. A teacher with tenure will end up making much more than $35,000. I would be more concerned about losing benefits, because I would say that is one of the stronger benefits that teachers get once hired.  




 True, but that is the same boat every kid is in when getting out of college. Even $30,000 is a very livable wage. I am not saying I agree with what is going on, but I don't think teachers are underpaid.  




 In Ohio, starting wage for a teacher is about $35,000. Take from that what you will, but after becoming tenured teachers can start to earn a very nice wage.  




 If this is from Youngstown State University I wouldn't be suprised if people just don't show up and email the professor after the exam. 




 Enslaved: Odyssey to the West  




 Everyone has the right of police protection. What RP is saying is that one person will end up paying for their education while another doesn't have to pay a dime. Same goes for healthcare.  




 I think a lot of people here are taking that quote out of context. He is talking about college, not kindergarten. 
A better quote is this:
"Prices go up on the tuition and then we give them grants and then they get out of the college and they owe $200,000. It makes no sense whatsoever. I don't think how anybody can justify it."  




 Agreed.  




 I disagree with this. I think you overestimate the value of our technological advantage. We are an occupying force in Iraq, where someone can bomb a humvee and then go run over to a mosque and hide. Precision air strikes are basically pointless. Both sides are still shooting bullets at each other.  
























 One of the best things I have ever read on Reddit.  




 Real laughter was produced. 




 I am going to go against the grain and say Ned Stark would make an amazing King. Ask yourself where we would be today in the world of Westeros if Ned was king instead of Robert. The kingdom would not be in debt, no bastard children, the people would be well taken care of and justice would be handled properly. I also don't see treachery getting as close to Ned as it did Robert, as the latter made increasingly bad decisions over the course of years (as king, and with his wife) to end up in the situation that he was in.   




 Like...shaving? 




 Regardless of whether you agree with the current wars we are involved in, the man is putting his life on the line in the defense of our nation. That deserves thanks. 

EDIT: Not saying you were disrespecting him or anything. I apologize if it comes off that way.  




 Yeah, probably $300-$400 worth. 




 You probably hear this a lot, but Thank You

EDIT: ...and have an upvote 




 MEG! 




 It has been a while for me, but didn't Theon claim Robb "King in the North" first in aGoT? 




 That song was amazing. Also, now I suddenly have the strong urge to play a JRPG... 




 You are not redoing the animations, just tweaking them.  




 That seems like something to me that can be easily remedied. It is not some game breaking combat glitch or graphical issue.  




 As well as new melee attacks (which look to be class specific). Also weapon mods, more customization under skill trees, smarter AI, and more responsive controls.

Plus, you are also only taking into account the combat we have seen thus far. There also looks to be some pretty cool on-rails combat sequences as well as a much more epic scale to the battles.  




 This game doesn't come out until March, so I think there is more than enough time to smooth out the animations on characters.  




 Knowing BioWare, Mass Effect 3 is probably going to be a lot more than that.  




 I would visit newegg.com and look at some of the available laptops they have on their website. Usually there are user reviews that accompany each laptop that will speak towards their gaming performance.  




 thanks for the advice! :) 









 [For if the IGN link doesn't work...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQH3_Fydt-4) 









 Am as I. 




 I second this. Could use a new desktop background.  




 Not how I pictured him but HBO knows what they are doing.  




 Exactly how I pictured him.  









 I could only get to the 54 second mark before I could watch no more... 




 and this is the post that should be upvoted.  




 Will it ever stop? Yo, I don't know.  




 And it worked.

The only part I heard... 




 R'hollor be praised 




  See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.

Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.  




  See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.

Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.  




 Lets just say that Jon snow was killed by his attackers, then was brought back to life. That would mean that his vows would have been fulfilled, and he no longer is bound to the Nights Watch.

*Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my **death**.*

 




 Yes, it was from Winterfell. In my OP, I was referring to the fact there was no raven from Winterfell sent to the king at Kings Landing.  




 There was never a raven sent from Winterfell bearing news of the battle to Kings Landing. 




 This. There should/would have been a raven from Winterfell if Stannis was defeated.  




 I would have to agree with your last statement. Theon and Jeyne are both with Stannis last we read, so if Stannis truly was defeated then it stands to reason that he would already have found Jeyne and Theon again. 

Mance probably gave up that Jon sent him, but I doubt that in that short span he was able to defeat Stannis as well.  




 I just finished aDwD and was pretty pissed off when I read that Jon was killed. You have just gave me a small glimmer of hope. 




 I have been eyeing it up for a while, but was always afraid to click...haha 




 Just a thought, but I think it would allow a lot more people to discuss the events of the book without having to worry about accidently running into spoiler events from later on in the book.  




 What if there was alcohol involved? 




 It should be noted that you cannot have sex temporarily. I don't see this as such a big issue. The man that you are with is probably going to spend a lot of time with you "working" on your condition, so it's not like any kind of sexual interaction is off the table. Also, the potential payoff should things turn around is pretty high.  




 Yeah, I think was important to show these people so the reader can understand the motives behind their decisions.  




 I liked it a lot. Jaime's chapters were great, as well as Brienne's. I also thought the way Cersei's character developed over the course of the book was pretty interesting.  




 He doesn't count Jon as one of Catelyn's children 
























 Probably first and only time I post here, but wow.  




 Cool, Thank you! :) 




 Do you actually have to join each covenant to get the achievement? So far each covenant I go to does not give me the achievement, but I have not actually been joining them.  




 Can anyone confirm this? I have been blowing friends off on Live for the last week! 




 I thought I was the only one.  




 Works both ways pal.  




 I have been advocating this as well for a very long time. Maybe then some people would realize how batshit crazy some of the people they vote for really are.  




 That said, it only takes a few elephants with explosive diarrhea to turn everyone's lunch into a shit taco

Did you make that up? Because, if you did, you are now my favorite person.  




 Nathan Fillion is the only man that can make me question my heterosexuality.  




 Exactly. Sorry if that was misleading. 




 Fuck. I just realized that I fucked that up too... 




 Had roughly 4,000+ souls and 6 Humanity sitting at the Gargoyle boss. I needed to get more humanity so I could reverse hollowing and summon someone to help. Ended up getting poisoned trying to farm the rats for humanity. Ran out of Estus Potion and died about 5 feet away from bonfire.  




 Jumped off a ledge...like a boss 




 because you should be reading it in Sean Bean's voice. 




 Curious to see reddit's take on this. Bill seems to forget that a large part of these amenities are provided to the poor through social programs we have in place. Without those programs, I think the numbers wouldn't be as close.  




 I imagine it's pronounced, "Joe-lynn". If so, it's not that big of a deal. 

EDIT: Spelling 




 Obviously there has been improvements, but overall it is more Battlefield. Mostly all new additions are welcome, even though some need more work. Graphically(XBOX 360), this game looks to be comparable to Modern Warfare 3. 

It's a good game, but too early to tell if it will be great(or surpass MW3 for that matter).  




 goatse 









 tubgirl 




 I am betting it has something to do with adjustments made to a part of ME2 that was less than popular. Mining?  




 I am just curious if you think games like Mass Effect and Deus Ex are also wrong for coming out with content for the game after release. 




 EDIT: I'm a dumbass and can't put shit in the right place 




 Yeah, but we seem to constantly rip MW3 for this while letting every other game off easy. What about Battlefield 3 or Gears of War 3?  




 I didn't know Call of Duty was the only game to release map packs. Interesting.  




 Tyrion says hello 




 I liked the Doom movie too. Kind of tired of people saying that movies sucked just because they didn't like it.  




 Was I the only person that liked the Prince of Persia movie? 




 I think if you were moving FTL, than most of these rules would no longer apply, since our understanding of the universe is based off of a theory that states this is not possible.  




 I am pretty sure that Brian Greene explains this in *The Elegant Universe*. It's been a while since I read it though. He explains how one can essentially "travel through time" given our current understanding of the universe.  




 [Somewhat Relevant.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btuxO-C2IzE) 




 As soon as I saw the article, I came into comments expecting black joke to be top comment. I was not disappointed.  




 At first I was like, "Ok, this guys must work for some professional sports team and is selling used game socks". Then I was like, "What. The. Fuck." (audibly) 

Now, after reading this AMA, What. The. Fuck. 

 #3232;\_ #3232;
 




 6 months, against 10 years.  




 I was already laughing after the first sentence.  




 When I pee I kick 




 I need to go to these places where people dress up as Mega Man for Halloween. I'm missing out.  




 TIL 




 Not sure if it has been mentioned yet, but when you are trying to exit a parking lot in your car and nobody will let you out. When you are next to a stop light and some asshole pulls right up into the exit of parking lot, even though the light is red, I just want to ram right into their fucking car.  




 with the strength to carry on... 




 I must have got 4-5 straight calls back for 2nd interviews before finally getting a job (an underpaying one at that). To me, getting so close and feeling good about your chances only to get the "Thanks, but no thanks" email was a much bigger kick in the gut.  




 I am saving this thread for the next time I hop on Amazon 




 That's the point. Ron Paul even says, " I just don't think we're at the point where anybody has absolute proof on either side". 




 Ron Paul definitely believes in a creator, and in that sense he does believe in creationism. However, what he (and, originally, you) is arguing is the theory of evolution which specifies how we as human beings came to be and not necessarily who created us.  




 Actually that statement says that he does not believe either side of the argument entirely. By your logic, that would put him squarely in the anti-creationist camp as well. 

EDIT: Spelling 
























