 http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/2929985/rinaldihangin_medium.gif 




 I bet the drugs are gonna be in the ps1 that OP finds in the back compartment of that N64 




 OP is apparently a woman, man, liar, but most importantly, a faggot 




 OP is in a polygamous relationship with assorted bags of pasta? 









 The reveiws for that product are hilarious btw  




 TIL don't get a timber wolf  




 2011 Trek Madone 5.2

http://i.imgur.com/1OB59eVl.jpg 




 I didn't realize I was still moving the whale around my screen until 15 minutes later 




 I wonder what the chances are of one of the photographers getting sucked into the jet engine if it was that close... 









 Can I ask how on earth you found that... Haha 




 Did the boner last all 30 minutes?? 




 Who won? 




 You could always get some UV Protecting arm sleeves off of Amazon. I started using them recently and no longer have this problem! 




 There was minimal brake fade, I applied the brakes for a few seconds at a time to give them time to cool off in between. I do have the basalt braking surface on my rims, I'm not sure if that plays a role in not overheating 




 The largest descent I've done was about 500 feet over 3 miles... got up to 43-44 mph at the bottom 




 I got mine from farsports. 38mm front and 50mm rear, 650 shipped and they came in at 1290 grams. I've put about 1300 miles on them and haven't had a single issue. Even braking is pretty good (assuming you have a decent set of brakes... I have ultegra 6700 on my bike) 




 2011 Trek Madone 5.2 




 Yup the hub is loud, but I like it! I have the Bitex hubs, the Novatecs are even louder 




 http://www.wheelsfar.com/mixed-wheels-p-290.html

They arrived in about 10 days via EMS and packaging was flawless. I was impressed 




 Yeah they are from China. I'm happy with them so far... we'll see if that changes 



















 Did he wet himself before or after he died? 




 Is the seagull going to be okay? 




 OP is clearly a Pokemon fan 
























 3 advil and a big cup of water. Works every time 




 Your husband had a girlfriend? 




 Yeah but what about before that? 




 Losing a loved one. Whether it be a parent, spouse, child, etc... 




 "You shut your mouth when you're talking to me!"

Divorce lawyer scene in Wedding Crashers 




 Your descriptiveness gave me anxiety haha  




 Because it's a story on the internet! 




 That looks like two separate pics side by side 




 Macallen 18 by far 




 I always have an excel spreadsheet with lots of numbers and colored cells open in the background. Whenever I hear footsteps coming by I simply minimize whatever unproductive thing I'm doing (usually reddit) and stare at the Excel sheet pretending to be deep in thought.    




 This just reminded me that my wait time for new lives is up... Time to crush some candy! 




 Looks to me like an aborted cat fetus 




 I bet the kid is gonna submit the same story as a success kid meme 




 If I couldn't tell the difference between the lab made meat and regular meat (i.e. taste, texture, consistency, etc), and it has the same nutritional value, then I do not see why not. So long as it doesn't have any unknown future side affects  




 Spongebob 




 So even after her car didn't run after filling it with diesel fuel the first time, she went ahead and did it again? And again after that? 




 I wonder if there's an infographic like this one for the Kiss nightclub in Brazil. Would be interesting to see  




 The squealing is totally normal for carbon wheels. I am still using the blue pads supplied from farsports and haven't had any issues 




 Meyer's household cleaner... anyone who has smelled this stuff knows what I mean 




 I've ridden some pretty steep descents, no issues with brake fade or heat issues. I've come to a stop from 46mph and everything was totally fine. I love the wheels 
 









 Wtf is a crouch fruit 




 Yes. 




 "One time this dog looked at me wrong so I stabbed it with a bayonet and let it bleed out in front of a bunch of school children" 




 I'm going to go out on a limb here... But I'm guessing they were abducted by aliens 




 Squats, deadlifts, bench press, overhead press, pull ups 




 TIL don't cut a tree down next to a corvette  




 He's turning away towards his mom  
























 It looks like everything is out of stock at the moment, but keep refreshing the page and be quick to order once it comes in stock 









 Can I ask what a yearly home entertainment loan is? 




 Did they not offer relocation compensation?  




 I used to work at the Riverside Intl Auto Museum, we had one if those 8C's. Thing was awesome

http://i.imgur.com/CxZ9hIIl.jpg

 




 Someone skipped legs day 




 10/10 would carve 




 Thanks for the feedback 




 Thank you! 




 Not very. Although there are regulations in place, the majority of bluefin caught are still juveniles and countries rarely abide by the catch-limitations set by the ICCAT 




 I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. My group is trying to gather some data from the general public about their eating habits regarding tuna, as well as their willingness to pay to preserve this species. We are trying to get as many responses as possible in the next 2 weeks.

You can take the survey here:

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/7L8CK6H

Thank you! 




 I am a graduate student at the University of San Francisco. My group is trying to gather some data from the general public about their eating habits regarding tuna, as well as their willingness to pay to preserve this species. We are trying to get as many responses as possible in the next 2 weeks.

You can take the survey here:

http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/7L8CK6H

Thank you! 




 Wouldn't "Wilson" be a bull, not a cow? 




 As someone currently on Yolobus #39, can confirm 




 Who would win in a fight tho 




 "Hey honey I'm going to go get some milk and eggs! See you tomorrow" 




 So did you tell your brother? 




 Why the fuck are you talking about crack when your original post was about doing an "ungodly" amount of cocaine?  




 Why are you being downvoted? It's totally not feasible to smoke/snort/inject 42 grams of coke in a few hours and live to tell about it... 




 Is that like a serious crime or something? I can understand getting in a little bit of trouble but taking something like that to court seems a little over the top... 




 ITT apparently the majority of redditors are butchers  




 You should have hidden the thumbnail 




 State worker here. Contrary to popular belief, I actually do work. Please disregard the fact that I am commenting on askreddit threads at 2pm on a Monday  




 Orange is the New Black. I think it's the song... 




 He's just sleeping... 




 Frontside boardslide 




 Ex-fianc I hope 




 He just took bullshitting to a new level 
























