 White Heat! 




 Everyone hates on it. But you know what? It's motherfucking Turbo Time, so fuck em. 




 "Where am I? Am I still in prison?" "You're in the hospital." "Ta-da..." 




 Jingle All the Way. "That was really a bomb? This is a sick world we're living in with sick people!" 




 Anne and her rules. No walks, no trips to the groomers. In the end, I just snapped. I screamed at her, Anne! Im dying here! It's like we never leave the house! Thank God, these well-dressed German men heard my barking and broke into the attic. Those brave heroes rescued me.

 




 That is a very odd scene that could be read in a variety of ways. Either way, it seems too ambiguous to be definitive. But I do think you can make a pretty strong case for Nick's bisexuality throughout the book. I'll have to keep that in mind when I re-read Gatsby. 




 That's an interesting interpretation, but why do you believe it to be definite? 
























 I posted this last night, but it was so late that I didn't really get a response.

10 Team 1pt PPR
Trade Away: Percy Harvin
Receive: Alshon, Reggie Bush

I'm just wary of Harvin's durability and I like Alshon better long-term. 




 10 Team 1 pt PPR

His Alshon for my Harvin

I know Alshon isn't playing well right now, but I feel better about him long term. Thoughts? 




 WR 2 is definitely my big weakness, but no one is biting on a trade. Just have to ride it out I guess.

Thanks! 




 10 team 1pt PPR

QB: Stafford
WR: Megatron, Sanders, Benjamin, Gordon
RB: Ball, Gio, Pierce, Doug Martin, Knile, Khiry
TE: Gronk

 




 10 team 1pt PPR

QB: Stafford
WR: Megatron, Sanders, Benjamin, Gordon
RB: Ball, Gio, Pierce, Doug Martin, Sankey
TE: Gronk

WR and the flex are definitely a problem for me. I left a few players off here because I'm working the waiver wire tomorrow.
 




 10 Team PPR
I have two flex spots to figure out this week. Candidates are Doug Martin, Bernard Pierce, Kelvin Benjamin, and Greg Jennings.

Pierce had a solid week, but obviously the other three did not... 




 It's a Wonderful Life. It's a beautiful movie and it is one of the few "classic" movies that nearly everyone will watch and love because of its charm. 
























 My friends and I wore the hell out of that pause button for the "upskirt" scene. It's amazing what the teenage brain thinks it sees. 




 He's officially out now with a concussion. 




 That's what I assumed, but I wanted some reassurance. Good thing I made him throw Bush into the deal as well. 




 Who won this trade?

Alshon/Reggie Bush for Percy Harvin

Thanks! 




 Depends on Charles' injury. If he plays, take a risk on Khiry. If Charles isn't playing then you have to go with Knile. 




 I doubt Charles will play, but just keep monitoring the situation. If he plays, I would go with Smith. 




 1pt PPR
Emmanuel Sanders or Reggie Bush?

The Sanders matchup worries me... 
























