 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old). 




 Anuses for eyes 




 Blank Space is my ladyjam. I'm 25 and male, I have no regrets. 




 A decent remake of Eragon. Seriously it's such a good book series, and that film was abysmal! 




 Life. *drops mike* 




 Out of interest, I googled- http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_in_Australia#New_South_Wales

Apparently one of the most liberal States there is. 




 I'm not sure of the legality in my area (currently Sydney, Australia), but as so far as defining it as prostitution, if you go by this definition; "the practice or occupation of engaging in sexual activity with someone for payment." then yes.

As an interesting side note, on a quick search there does seem to be a large number of businesses and individuals offering up said service in my area, on fairly public sites, so I'm not sure if it is illegal. 




 I'd have to say trade debt, politicians not being for the people any more, and the lack of serious action to restore the environment's health.

If I could add a few, it would be unequal wages, stereotype hatred/persecution and the "health and safety" hype of the past decade that has only increasingly spiralled further out of control, logic and belief. 




 None, I would be ashamed of our standard of "music" compared to his. 




 Pokemon Red/Blue (and Yellow, Gold, Silver and Crystal). Not necessarily the game itself, but;

-the struggle of playing as far as you can without the ability to charge your device during the game...

-the straining of your eyes as you try and decipher the dungeon mazes at gone midnight with their tinged colour screens (or grey for the older gen)...

-the social aspect of trading pokemon via a cable...

-the feeling of victory over GameFreak when you managed to successfully clone a pokemon using the trade cable technique...

-the fear of potential game loss and code corruption when you catch missingo as you attempt the item multiplier cheat... 




 It looks like a bird on fire, though it's skin is covered in a series of lined troughs and peaks... 




 Is that a...
...it is
That's a fucking shiny bauble that is...
Oh my god I want it... 




 When I realise the "up vote" button I'm pressing is the light switch, I tend to call it a day... 




 Hey everyone,

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 Hey everyone,

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 Hey everyone

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 I don't know if it's common or uncommon, but I can hear when someone is going to come into a room (if it's quiet).

I don't mean footsteps or other noises that they make- it's hard to describe but the pitch of the background noise changes slightly when someone's about to enter the room I'm in.


Secondary one- I always gets hiccups if I have sex or masturbate in a certain position! 




 Similar thing happened to me at the back end of last year; my SO started spending all her time glued to her phone, even when we were in the same room (she'd purposefully sit so I couldn't see the screen), and would never leave it unattended.

Long story short she did one night and I found evidence that she had been cheating on me (emotionally and socially, though the physical side was actually in planning at that stage- I caught it in time to head it off).

So from experience, I sincerely hope she isn't cheating on you dude, even without the physical side it was devastating, and I wouldn't wish it upon anyone.

Best advice I can give is to sit down with her seriously and have a long chat about your worries. If she gets more defensive of her phone afterwards, I'd red flag it. Note- she may be using another app to actually chat, as snapchat's chat function isn't great, so it might be worth checking her phone if you get the opportunity.

Fingers crossed for you. 




 As unhelpful as it is, it seems like you need to have a very long think about what you want, and then a serious conversation with him where you lay it all on the table- what you're thinking and how you feel. It seems to me the only way to move forward is to have a frank discussion where you both are honest (even if that honesty isn't the answer you want to hear). Sorry for not being very definitive! 




 Short opinion- you should focus on your own career, as he seems to be doing. I'm sorry he seems not to be as committed in the relationship as you, it's horrid when one partner isn't putting in equal weight into things. 




 It does sound like you're both on different pages I'm afraid - communication, and that's both ways, is key in any relationship. The way she's reacting is toxic, but it may be the result of how she was brought up or treated at some point in her past.

Maybe try writing your opinions/concerns in a (well worded) letter- that way she'll read your opinions without an opportunity to interrupt. You should probably try outlining in said same letter how you feel about the negative direction your relationship is going, too, if it continues as it is Id recommend your best course of action would be to cut and run (as hard and harsh as that sounds). 




 Truth and communication are key- be honest with her about your fears, but try to explain it in a way that isn't accusatory.

Hopefully she'll be able to calm your worries and get on with your relationship. 




 This, so much this. 




 Hullo all!

Always enjoyed making new friends and chatting to new people, so reaching out!

Basic stats;
I'm 25, English, white and non-religious! Graduated from university with a 2:1 degree in Forensic Science last July.

A little extra;
I'm an avid writer, and I've had two published short stories with a third coming out sometime this year. I'm aspiring to get a novel (or many) published.

I love swimming, travel, animals, science (especially space and everything related), food, music, movies and books!

Even more;
I'm a self confessed geek, with major interests in Lord of the Rings, Pokemon, Game of Thrones and several other niche markets (including Games Workshop's book publishing company, The Black Library).

And finally;
I'm currently in the third year of a serious, committed relationship, and we are presently travelling around Australia together (arrived here in Oz in November).

Note;
I'm only putting myself up for email penpals, as snail mail is too costly on a backpackers budget!

Hit me up with a PM! 




 I've not played OR/AS or X/Y, so I can only attest for looks, but am I the only one who thinks that the Mega forms were a bad idea?

The pokemon look warped, mutated and, in some cases, utterly ridiculous.

Okay that could be said of many natural pokemon and their evolutions, but it just seems to far to me- it has an air of digimon about it (like armour digivolving or similar).

It may well help some of them in terms of stats/competitiveness, but I dislike how they appear. /myopinion 




 I agree, though you only need the therapy due to the trauma your family put you through. Nothing you did was wrong.

You might even find that it wasn't a majority opinion- some of your family members may have been there under peer pressure, so if you did send out a mess email/letter decrying their disgusting behaviour, you may get one or two supporting you/apologising. No guarantees, but it's a possibility. 




 This is sick (not you, their reactions).

Art is the expression of ones self, and sexuality is each persons own personal choice. The combination of the two is nothing to be ashamed of.

It was totally out of order for your family to treat you in such a way, and even worse for them to have destroyed your property.

If I were you (and I know it's not always easy to do) I would stand up for myself and tell them what they did was not okay. It's just as bad as them psychologically torturing someone for being straight, or liking cars.

I hope you get out of that abusive environment and find the freedom to express yourself. 




 Definitely the starter trio - http://www.tokyoluv.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/pokemon_01.jpg

Cutest, and it's the originals, can't beat that!

I'd maybe have them together across your upper back, or on three separate areas - either way I'd definitely get them all! 




 How much is the Umbreon hat? It's my favourite Eeveelution! 




 So I was looking over on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_%28video_game_series%29 at the timeline of releases and wondering what you guys thought; do we get the next generation this year, or do we have to wait for next year?


As an aside, does anyone know what month they're usually released in (if they have a usual or set month)? 




 Literally just posted on your original thread, then saw this.

Good on you for taking action, glad it's sorted. 




 A bit late to the game, but sorry to hear you have an ex like this.

I've traded pictures with others before, and would have never dreamed of spreading them around if I still had them. 









 That was my thinking. I didn't mean that they'd reboot the original games before the Z or XY2, but I think that would be the next step, bringing the red/blue (or green) up to a ds cartridge (3DS id presume). 




 Okay, so each generation they upgrade a previous one to bring it into the latest level of tech/development.

My idea is this; as the next generation in the order is already on a ds cartridge (diamond/pearl), they'll reboot red and green/blue as ds versions.

Thoughts? Hopes? 




 I don't have an Amazon wish list, I just wanted to join in :) 




 1. Lilo and Stitch
2. Stitch
3. In SUMMER!! (Frozen - Olaf) 




 How about a third game (so only a single release as opposed to a double) but still a different story in the BW2 vein? Would that work? 




 I guess I'm nostalgic for the older times, and I may well have a different opinion if I ever get to play BW2. Saying that, I haven't actually got around to completing BW yet... 




 And how are you finding them so far? 




 Okay, so my first post ever here, so be gentle!

Red/Blue had Yellow,
Gold/Silver had Crystal,
Ruby/Sapphire had Emerald,
Diamond/Pearl had Platinum,

Where's Grey? Or Z? Why have they ditched the third game each gen?

It always seemed to me that the "merged" game of the generation was the best- yellow you had pikachu running around after you (not to mention the beginnings of
The pokemon happiness elements coming in), and crystal had suicine centred around you in the story- I miss that!

Now I'm not up to speed- unfortunately the furthest I've played is B/W, but I like the reboot games, I just miss the extra content/alternate take on the story (like Rayquaza's more central role in Emerald).

Opinions? 




 That means; now she all mayd 
























 To also be boring; George R. R. Martin has actually disclosed the general plot points and ending of the series/characters to the producers/directors (can't remember which), in respect to their efforts with the show, his slow writing and advancing years. 




 Furbys. Back when they first came out, it seemed I was the only one in my school that didn't like them (and didn't talk in their ridiculous annoying voice in everyday life). 




 I agree with the duck face part, but the occasional selfie is acceptable (especially when done right with a group of friends/genuinely interesting situation (I.e. With a respected celebrity (I'd be happy with a selfie with Hugh Jackman, Emma Watson or Daniel Radcliffe myself))) 




 There's this one about a Jewish carpenter and his dad a few years back that always cracks me up... 




 Are the DS and 3DS consoles region-locked?

And secondly, can you play DS games on a 3DS (obviously I know the game wouldn't be in 3D)? 




 Either;

-Guy putting glass jar up his anus and it breaking (lots of blood)(ouch),

-Same guy putting a screwdriver down his urethra (even more blood)(double ouch)

 




 It was the first fictional character that I ever created, and I almost always use him as my username now-a-days. 









 Thirteen.

I'm not upset nor proud of it, but there more than a couple that I regret. 









 Roller Coaster rides,
Injections,
Answering my first call as a Samaritans Volunteer. 









 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old).

http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/2rqpg1/finally_found_a_template_that_is_specific_enough_d/cnjfexq 




 I didn't get a computer or internet access until (estimating here) 2002/3? So when I started playing Pokemon I didn't have that benefit. Not to mention I wasn't aware of a "walkthrough" or "guide" website that early on (obviously I may be wrong). 




 You have inspired my girlfriend (a doodler herself) and I, I'm just about to set it up to get her first number! :) 




 Any of my brethren that have been around from the beginning of the video game series, do you feel nostalgia for the times when all the answers weren't available instantly online (i.e. when we didn't have the internet)?

I miss the rush of discovering a new technique or finding out a new Pokemon in an area (or even going off to the Game store to buy the guide, which still never held ALL the answers). 




 THAT'S how repel works!? I never knew! 




 Having not played past Black and White, I'm getting this just from what I can glean from Serebii (can't find a definitive guide to it).

So you put up a Pokemon or a whole team?

And you get a random single Pokemon or a random whole team? 




 What is the repel trick? 




 Playing through White at the moment, only just reached the first set of doubles grass, and am staying there to grind up my Drillbur.

Wanted to know if anyone else grinds, and to what extent? (Or do you just rely on type advantages to see you through the gyms?) 




 Full time writer. I've got two short stories published and a third being published later this year, but I'd love to be churning out short stories all the time, writing comic and tv/movie scripts and writing a novel or two a year like some professional authors that I know (google Dan Abnett, for example). 




 I know I'd regret it as it progressed, but I'd give it a go, just for the experience. Plus if the comments so far are anything to go by, I'd be uncommon as a guy who had elected to have a child! 




 My childhood bedroom.

From since the youngest I can remember until the day my mum and I moved out, I would NEVER sleep facing my bedroom door. I knew, and not thought, KNEW that there was something in my doorway, and that if I turned over whenever I woke up in the night that it could come in and get me.

It always "felt" evil, or malicious if you prefer, and I'd always wake up to the sound of the hallway floorboards creaking (the hallway ran parallel to my bedroom). My I told my mum and dad (when he still lived with us) they both said it was next door walking up or down their own hallway (our house was semi-attached, and our hallways were parallel too). The only problem with that theory was that I'd played in that house all my life - I knew the difference between the floorboards creaking because of someone walking down our side or theirs. And it was most definitely our side (the two steps down halfway along the hall were loose on our side, they weren't on their side - I know because the neighbour on that side babysat me fairly often).

So, yeah, I was scared of whatever that was. 




 Our interests are very varied, but we also don't want to limit ourselves - we want to try new things and do odd tours and such. Anything weird and wonderful is a bonus, as is cheap!

We'll be starting in Sydney, heading slowly up to Cairns, we've planned for a month, though we don't have any ideas of how long we'll spend where. 




 What do you think is the least popular Pokemon?

Once upon a time I would have said Magikarp, but because of it's useless nature, and of course it's evolution, everyone seems to like the little guy now.

So there's the question, who do you think is the least liked/used Pokemon? 




 I'm that far behind that I've firmly decided to restart when I do get properly back into it.

I'll play Fire Red/Leaf Green and go from there (unless GameFreak reboot Gen I again to bring it onto the DS cartridge so that the entire series is on that format). 




 So, from another thread I created, I vented a little about this issues. TOO MANY LEGENDARY POKEMON!

I've no idea what GameFreak were thinking in generations 3/4/5 (10/13/10 legendary pokemon added respectively), but now there are a total of 46 "legendary" pokemon, most of which you can't actually get in-game without trading (or special items from events/downloads).

I'd like to see some of them downgraded from legendary status, to reduce the number (to thus make the title of legendary mean something once more), and maybe in the next generation have them all available to capture in one way or another without having to have special access to things. I know it's to increase interest and revenue in some cases, but it's so annoying.

I'd propose having a couple in the usual places, he iconic/game centered legendary in the main dungeon/dungeons (like Mewtwo, or Lugia, for example, in their respective games), and have the others available via different achievements or quests.

Like when we had to solve all the puzzles to make the unknowns appear, or complete similar puzzles to get at the Regis.

Keep the dogs (and the -ion pokemon from B/W) roaming, but make them appear only during certain months, or seasons, to make it more feasible.

Make a journey through a series of complicated and dangerous/challenging islands with Pokemon restrictions or something to access some of the legendary birds.

Just stop with the ridiculousness! 









 I'm going to go ahead and be the outcast - Bianca.

I like the fact that her character has some real-world issues revolving around her, with confidence and her Dad's over-protectiveness. It brings a more likable aspect to her, and gives her so much more depth than Cheren's character, who seems to be the same old mold rival aspect - wants to win against you all the time, thinks he's better than you at first etc etc. 




 DON'T TELL ME! lol As I said I haven't played anything past Black and White, so have no idea what Delta Episode is, and want to remain that way (I will play them all some day!) ;)

Glad there is some up points of them re-releasing 3rd gen then, aside from the graphics and mechanics update. 




 I hope they won't have a "final" game, as I hope Pokemon will never end (yes I understand that'd mean a hell of a lot more Pokemon to catch, even more than the crazy number there is currently), but I'd hope that they could do like a ongoing game?

Like you pay for the cartridge, and every year or two they release an update for it (with ongoing monthly patches to repair any bugs etc), that unlocks a new region and pokemon, and updates the older one/ones to keep them fresh too. 




 It's ridiculous, epecially when you look back at the numbers;

1st Gen - 4 (Total 4)
2nd Gen - 5 (Total 9)
3rd Gen - 10 (Total 19)
4th Gen - 13 (Total 32)
5th Gen - 10 (Total 42)
6th Gen - 4 (Total 46)

6th Gen looks like they've finally realised what they've been doing and reigned themselves in, but jeeze, what happened in 3rd/4th/5th!? 




 So I've seen some commenters with Pokemon avatars in their pokeball symbol when they comment...how do I get me one of these!? 




 I played them all up to B/W, didn't have the money to get the sequels and here I am, super behind on everything! 




 I'd love to play BW2/X/Y/ORAS, but alas I'm backpacking around Australia so don't have the money to spare (or a 3DS if I did get the games!).

I've heard a lot of good things about the newer gens, and the graphics look unreal.

I don't remember 4th gen as much as I remember 3rd, and what I remember about 3rd gen is a whole lot of faffing about (if I recall correctly). 




 I'm interested, how old are you? Also how do you feel when you hear about the older games, that you hadn't played prior to Y? 




 I love Gold and Silver best, adventure-wise. It boggles my mind that GameFreak haven't made a game since then that has two regions in it. It gave so much more depth to completing the elite four - instead of "oh, I've done the elite four, all that's left is to grind them repeatedly until my pokemon are completely high levels and I've caught every pokemon" it was "man, now I've got a whole new area to explore, new challenging gyms and a beefed up E4 to take on! I loved that about it. 




 Exactly! This is the kind of thing that makes me feel old! Legendary back then meant something...Mewtwo, the birds, hell even Dragonite was semi-legendary because of the appalling amount of work you had to put into getting it so late in the game (unless you cheated and game cornered it).

Nowadays (shakes broom/rake) there's so many "legendary" pokemon now the name is just a by-word for "end of game super-pokemon", "current game mascot/icon" and/or "downloadable content only". 




 Twice - first I moved across the country (UK) when I went to university; half of the decision to go to uni was to escape my old life and explore a different me. I was MUCH happier.

The second time was November last year - My girlfriend and I have flown to Sydney (where we still are) and are working on a Working Holiday Visa to travel around.

Both times have been really refreshing for me, especially meeting all the new people who don't know you, and don't have any preconceptions about who you are or what you're like. It's a great feeling of opportunity. 




 I'm 25, so I'm of the generation that has grown up with Pokemon since before it was made. Have been hovering around the Pokemon subreddit and some of the things I've seen have made me feelquite Poke-old, and I was wondering if there are any others in the same boat as me.

I first encountered Pokemon Red/Blue in the playground at primary school. A friend was playing it, and I traded just about half my trading card collection just to borrow it for a whole weekend, and wasn't allowed to overwrite his save game. I put in fresh batteries of my own, and started a new game, and played it pretty much the whole weekend without stopping (i borrowed his gameboy too, as I didn't own one then).

A year later Yellow came out over in Canada, and my god father sent me a copy over. My Mum bought me a gameboy pocket (red, if you wanted to know), and I played the hell out of that game.

Another year later, and I badgered my Dad into buying me a Gameboy Colour (Pikachu edition), and got Gold AND Silver. I can't remember when exactly I bought Crystal, but it must have been some time later.

I must have dropped out of the loop for a little while, as my next device was a Gameboy Advance SP and, of course, I got Ruby and Sapphire.

Now my progression from there is hazy, but the last game I owned and played was Black/White. I have played through from the beginning of the series, and as stated earlier, I feel old when I see some people's comments on here.

So there you are, any other Poke-riginals out there? What's your story? 




 Hi guys,

I'm wanting to start planning out a "favourites" team - a Pokemon team made up of six of my favourite Pokemon, that have a complimentary type set across the board.

So in this vein, I'd like to request a Microsoft Excel file with all the pokemon listed (preferably in National Pokedex Order), with their types next to them. Maybe; 
Column 1 = National Pokedex #
Column 2 = Name
Column 3 = Type 1
Column 4 = Type 2

That way I can go through a visual list online and delete any that I don't like, then sort them accordingly. 




 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old).
 
http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/2rqpg1/finally_found_a_template_that_is_specific_enough_d/cnjfexq 
























 Pokemon. Obviously. 




 KAI-OH-TEE 




 To those Redditors that like their partner's genitals to dangle, how do you prefer their pubic hair to be (shaved/trimmed/natural/other)?

Out of interest too, if you don't mind, would you mind stating your gender and sexuality as well? 




 Best/favourite sexual technique to receive? (You said serious, but mentioned nothing about being cheeky) 




 Exactly what it says on the tin- you can define "best" however you want- funniest, weirdest, strangest, sexiest, whatever!

Note: have marked the thread NSFW just in case! 




 Online booster pack for what? 




 How much is Pokebank? 




 If that's how he broke up with you hon, you're better off. Keep your chin up and smile- get out there and be sociable, don't look for the next relationship, just be yourself and focus on enjoying life - let life happen. 




 How do the Crabs cards compare in style/quality to the Cards ones? 




 Yeah I know, by the end I was deluding myself about us, and it took a LOAD of friends banding together to intervene to make me realise we weren't actually working and that I was severely unhappy.

Long story short, much wiser and happier now! 




 You're young, you'll get over it.

It sounds harsh, but I made the same mistake and started a long term relationship when I was 14, lasted almost 7 years before I realised that I'd grown up and she hadn't. Trust me, you'll be better off. 




 I'd suggest ditching him love, as harsh as it sounds. It seems like he's stringing you along and not into you at all, and it's cruel of him to treat you so.

You should let him go and get on with your life- better will come along. 




 Zodiac- that shit was long and bad. A few hours of my life that I'll never get back... 




 I'd love your blank cards, if you're sure you don't want them!? 









 "I will find you, and I will kill you."

"Ohana means family, family means, no one gets left behind." 




 If it's just for E4 and not HM's, I'd skip the flyer and swap in a grass type. I'd recommend Exeggutor as a covering for psychic too, which can really pay dividends on Bruno's fighting types. 




 Left 4 Dead 2 - if you've got a four-strong group of friends this game has so much value for money. It has gags, it has a storyline, it has challenges, achievements and online (PvP) play, plus zombies and weapons.

If you play with linked skype/Teamspeak or similar, it's that much more enjoyable. 




 Forgive me if this has already been done, but; Redditors! Show me your Pokemon tattoos! (Doesn't have to be on your own body, can just be one/'s that you've seen online or out and about) 




 I sent a message to the Cards Against Humanity creators, saying that their game was awesome, and to suggest they make a "Blank Card" expansion, so that us creative types can add more than just the number of blanks you get in the five expansions.

Today, I received an email reply from Cards Against Humanity, and it was blank.

Touche, Cards Against Humanity, touche. 




 Umbreon swiftly followed by Glaceon for me.

I think a bug Eeveelution would be cool, though Steel, ground and dragon I'd imagine would look pretty badass. 




 Exactly what it says in the title, favourite Eeveelution (or maybe you prefer Eevee as Eevee) and why?

Also, for the hell of it, what type would you like to see the next Eeveelution be? 




 It's not designed to hold it all, it's designed so that the force of ejaculating inside the condom doesn't force the material to split/rip/tear with the added strain at that moment. Sure some the semen is caught there (hence reservoir tip as mentioned before), but no, not the entirety. 




 Heh, quick and awkward discharge.

Gotta love ulterior meanings. 




 To check, college = university right? (for us UK redditors)

In a biology lecture, some guy asked a (fairly valid) point on spirit in relation to the human body, of which the lecturer dismissed him (rather too harshly I might add). Barely had the words left his mouth than the skeleton at the edge of the room (the model type you get) dropped to the floor.

Probably a rusted bolt or hook breaking after slowly eroding away, but the timing was hysterical, as it had the circumstantial look of a "spirit" disagreeing with our lecturer. 




 By reminding myself that no-one else is or has been me, the sum total of my unique experiences, memories and perspectives, therefore everything I do is unique, even if it seems like it is an imitation of others work.

By this reasoning, whenever I approach a project (I'm a writer, though I dabble in art too), I can happily draw from other's work for inspiration without worrying about replication (though I do refrain from outright copying, because feelings), knowing that no-one in the world will have thought of this thing that I am about to do EXACTLY like I am about to do it.

Sorry if too deep. 




 Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring - when Aragorn is running through the pile of dead Uruk-Hai after beheading Lurtz, to get to the dying Boromir, a supposedly "dead" Uruk actually sits up and looks at him passing, before remembering he's meant to be dead and laying back down.

ALSO - Earlier in the film, as Aragorn is leading the hobbits through the marshes - Aragorn's bow (sticking out of his pack) hits the camera and jolts it, rocking the scene for a brief second. 




 The Day After Tomorrow (so much wrong), specifically, the scene after Jack Hall has finished briefing the president and joint chiefs - the Vice President says, regarding evacuating the entire Northern half of the USA, "It's alright for him suggesting such an action, he's safe here in Washington" (I'm ad-libbing).

If they're meaning Washington DC, the seat of US politics, then they're not that far (in the grand scheme of the USA's size) from New York, and still ABOVE the red line that Jack has drawn on the map.

If they're meaning the original Washington state, which just happens to be one of mainland USA's most northern states, they are STILL above that red line.

Either way, they are by no means safe, as per Jack's statement when the President asks "What about the people above that line?" - "For them it's already to late".


MAJOR error.  




 Okay, looking so far it'll be ORAS, but a further question - is there any differences to ruby or sapphire bar pokemon version differences? I usually go by that alone when deciding which to get... 




 WOOHOO! One fellow fan of nostalgia lol 




 Besides the planetary calculations and observations, there's another flaw in your post (maybe someone else has said but I'm too lazy to scroll too far); "beneficial for life". Whilst we cannot deny that our conditions on earth have been ideal for life as we know it to evolve, it remains impossible to tell if a form of life may be able to survive or evolve in different circumstances.

I'm of the firm belief that life has/could evolve in other conditions a lot different to ours, so would prefer scientists to be searching for planets that are "suitable" for "Earth-like life", instead of the more general terms.

Note: I'm no astrologist, astrophysicist or astrobiologist, this is all my opinion formed from general knowledge, and I give full kudos to the spirit of the original question 




 Jelly!! 




 Anyone remember these? They were a bit like chupa chups, but with chewing gum inside and a Pokemon sticker on the inner packaging. I used to collect so many of them... 




 So, I'm soon to get a 3DS and the capability to resume playing the Pokemon series once more. My problem is that, initially I can only afford one game, and that I have only played up to the Black/White games. Here's where you come in.

I want to know whether I should play X/Y or Alpha Sapphire/Omega Ruby first, and why (convince me). I have played the original ruby/sapphire, so know the storyline, but obviously with the revamp it'll be a whole new experience. I would say BW2, to pick up where I left off, but I can't find that available where I am unfortunately. 




 Hey guys,

I'd like an up-to-date Pokemon list (so all 718 Pokemon), preferably with types and if possible with pictures/avatars too. I don't care about the Mega-Evolutions, but it'd be handy if the list were on excel.

Hope someone can fulfill this request!


P.s. Open to other lists that maybe don't have the avatars/types, too.

P.p.s The reason I'm looking is I want to figure out what my favourite Pokemon is, so I want to have a list where I can easily delete any Pokemon that I dismiss, and sort/order them handily. 




 Pokeballs. I don't care if there aren't Pokemon to catch, I'd just love to have a super high quality display of them, just for coolness. 




 Thanks everyone! 




 You could interflora them? 




 Personally, I don't see a problem with it. Though I'm not an avid gardener, I do appreciate wildlife and beauty in nature, and fresh flowers do smell great (mostly) and brighten up a room, so I would appreciate a gift of flowers, even more so if they were hand picked because of their significance/name/colour/beauty - the thoughtfulness of a gift would be a significant part of the pleasure of receiving it. 




 Pro: individual government
Con: individual government 




 I'd respectfully argue that a selfie is defined as a photo taken of yourself by yourself, whether or not other things are included, so "selfie" being the mode of picture taking rather than the picture itself.
Edit: added respect. 




 Technically might not be classed as "celebrity", but when my mum met Princess Anne at a horse show event.

There's a great photo of her shaking hands with her ladyship, with 6/7 year old me in the background, more interested in my burger/hot dog (forget which). 
























