



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    1. Load www.theglobeandmail.com
   2. Input u,u,d,d,l,r,l,r,b,a,enter.
   3. Press shift+space to bring up the console.
   4. Type "help" followed by enter.
   5. Type "contra" followed by enter.

 




 1.	Load www.theglobeandmail.com
2.	Input u,u,d,d,l,r,l,r,b,a,enter.
3.	Press shift+space to bring up the console.
4.	Type "help" followed by enter.
5.     Type "contra" followed by enter.
 






















































































































































































































 Because I think he's an utter turd as a director. He hasn't made a good movie let alone a great one. Clerks was okay at the time, but trying to watch that again recently was painful. I didn't really like Chasing Amy, I thought it had a few funny bits but was very pretentious...and the rest of his catalogue looks like one piece of shit after another. A lot of my friends agree, but he definitely has an audience he's tapped into who think he's really great. Can anyone explain?? 





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































