









 St Anthony: patron saint of lost articles 



















 Dutch is hilarious. 




 Do not pick your native tongue.  




 Similar to the ship, totally.
 









 Because NYC apartment 









 Louis XIV described it as his "favourite nightcap" and a copy was found in Napoleon's coach at Waterloo. Bismarck and Napoleon III swore by it and, more recently, Hitler kept a copy by his bedside, where it was reportedly a constant inspiration. 

I read it once a year to stay frosty. 









 The apple fell downs, not me 



























































 [Depends, really](http://www.depend.com) 




 District 7 Male dies of dysentery.  









 because no one can hear you scream 









 WARNING: Venom consumption may cause hair loss! 



















 11 hours to make 11 seconds to devour!
They look so nice. 




 Slang, nickname, etc. 









 [Pixies (HEY)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6xU96KLBL4) 




 Examples: "our song" or bands you saw together... *sobs* 














 Those 3D printers are incredible. 




 Why is it so hard... to play the trumpet 
























 Is it a Reed Ant? 




 Human[s of Walmart] Centipede  




 Yeah but show the landing. They're all dead. 




 JUST A SMALL TOWN GIRL 




 Nice! How is it? My only problem is that Rip Van Winkle slept for 20 years. Do they have a 20 year? 














 K.I.D.S. 




 Blade Runner
 









 I'm at my buddy's place in Amsterdam; fairly typical European sink/faucet  









 Gummo 




 I had a followup interview for an in-store bank teller position. In-store meaning grocery store. The wonderfully flamboyant regional manager who was interviewing me said, "you'll need to leave the bank and entice shoppers to open accounts..." I told him that was fine. 
He continued, "you'll need to talk to them while they're shopping..." he stopped walking when we reached the salad dressing isle.
 
"What kind of salad dressing are you?" 
I realized this was not only a really goofy interview question, it was role-playing a big portion of the job I was after.

I grabbed Raspberry Vinaigrette and improv'd a bit about having a tangy and fun personality. He grabbed Cesar and said, "I'm more of a Cesar!" and he stabbed me in the back with the bottle. 

In retrospect, I think his joke would have been funnier if the salad dressing we called 'Brutus' 

I got the job.  




 Dead link 




 Please Do Not Touch 









 My college philosophy club: THE DIOGENES CLUB 









 Yeah! Paintings show him in a jar, a tub... He also walked around in broad daylight holding a lamp; searching for an honest man. 
























