 well, yeah. I lurk on reddit but never really had the urge to post anything till I had this. Apologies if this is against "Reddiquette." It wasn't my intention. 




 Thanks. We know Clones is shit and just wanted to see if there was any way to make it better! I think "kinda cool" means it's a success! 









 That would be pretty awesome.
If you are interested, We will be releasing a 90ish minut rewritten/rescored edit of the prequels with some Jango Fett sequences that may quench your thirst.

 




 Thanks alot! And yeah, I'd say that's a reasonable assumption.  




 Thanks!
The song is Nightcall by Kavinsky 




 or that... 




 I want to see Coruscant having been left in a state of decay after decades of totalitarianism. 
and vibroblades. yeah. just some badass dude with a vibroblade.  









 It rolled 









 Why have you only gotten nude in Deadwood? 
























 Yes, From Scorsese's Last Temptation Of Christ 




 Christmas albums are always a bummer 









 Fan Created Content of the Month or something more concisely worded . 




 Obi Wan has taught me well. 









 Thanks for watching, we were gunning for something like a Bladerunner vibe. 
 









 Sorry about that, I think it is an issue with the Kavinsky track that's used. YouTube apparently doesn't want certain people to see it.
If anyone has any tricks to get around that type of thing, I'd be interested. 




 Definitely!
If you want, I'll try to shoot you a PM when we upload it.
It should be soon. 




 2006 2-disc special edition dvds include these as a special feature. They don't look too pretty though.
 




 Thanks!
This is actually a clip from a larger prequel edit.
(all 3 Movies are down to one 90ish minute film with a different score and plot.)
I tried to choose the best beats to cut to but some (like that one) may have gotten away. 
























 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAYLCXXCfUY 




 The most popular answer will of course be Shia LeBeouf. 




 "Stan Wans" 




 Here are some Posters I made for my fan edit. 

Here is the link to the edit if anyone is interested:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJJqYoMxG7o  









 I bought the Blu Rays and used two programs: "Make MKV" and "Handbrake" 




 well, according to several posters on the Originaltrilogy.com fanedit forums, this one is up there. 
However, The Phantom Edit seems to be one of the more well regarded. 
I think it will depend on how closely you want the edit to stick to the unedited films.  









 Will do. 
I just want to know how some of the other full length edits on YouTube get so many views. 




 It may also depend on the rights holders to the music you are using.
Some may be less merciful than others
 




 I believe that you may need to make a separate plain old youtuber account. I think that YouTube will take them down if they have the possibility of being monetized by the uploader, which you can't do with a base account. 
That was my thought process,at least. You should still be able to upload the long videos. 
YouTube is pretty mysterious to me though.  




 What kind of account are you using?
 
























