 Why are people getting mad at Coke? Get mad at FIFA, they chose where to do it, not Coke. Sure, they are a sponsor, but why are you blaming a major company, they had nothing to do with it. 




 i luv ur mum Steam Community: steamcommunity.com/id/train_subject1909
In all seriousness I love my dog. Whenever I go through hard times she is just so happy to see me and be with me. It makes me feel like I am important to someone. Even if she can't talk it makes me feel better. :) 




 Did you disable it? You do think fire is fun after all. 




 I don't get it... 




 Lost Marbles please. Steam ID is [here](http://steamcommunity.com/id/train_subject1909) 




 The game itself had nothing wrong with it. I am just salty they didn't use the old style of the game. As we saw with XCOM, if you keep to the classic formula, it would pay out. :/ 




 SHITTY!? Syndicate was an amazing tactical shooter. They turned into a modern fps. It was just dissapointing... 




 no... that is all one can say when someone says the Syndicate reboot is good... no 




 I have lost all faith in humanity... 




 69 




 In case you are unaware, this is a fetus, dressed up in a Snow White dress. This is a dry rotting fetus corpse, dressed up as Snow White, as her mother pretends she is alive and that there is nothing wrong with what she is doing. Ignoring what is there will not help you mentally, but make you not be able to accept this fact and deal with it. 




 Oh, now I see it. Holy cow... that is all there is to say about this occurrence. 




 I do not see it. :/ 









 no, blame the bugs 




 Oh, okay. Also, is 0s possible? 









 Thats what I saw. I am pretty sure we haven't got to zero because that is the only post about it. 




 I thought I saw that there were... if so... WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN!?!? 




 Gray for me. Did you try to press the button? If so you probably have one of the rare "cheater/glitch" flares. 




 lol, he did hit the rarest time. You will always know he *knew* that orange was the rarest. He is probably the orange prophet. Quick question, is you SO a virgin? If so I am pretty sure he is the pressiah. 









 [PECKING ORDER](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/teamfourstar/images/7/78/Image.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130527010752) 




 Dammit Tyrone! I thought I could trust you!!! 




 I may be saying this because I am a salty April 1st 60s, but the tables are starting to turn. There are now more reds than purples. This means being purple is more rare than being red. Eventually people will want to get as early as possible. Because of this, the timer will go down, and it will end. Just an idea. Also, if there are more reds than purples, why are there more *active* purples? The statistics are mind numbing for someone unfamiliar with this type of stuff.  




 I, /u/train_subject1909 , accept that I am, as a Purple, superior to all other colors because of my Button-granted right. In addition, I accept the Hierarchy of Purple and swear that my ultimate goal is to allow The Timer to reach Zero.
Through all means, prove supremacy. Hail the Violet Hand. 




 This HAS to be influenced by animal crossing! It is too similar! Also, once I wen into the comments the score dropped by 3... wut. 




 Yeah, probably right. I'm pretty sure ESO isn't cannon (just to piss of people) because it would make no sense to have 10,000,000 adventures all being the chosen of some prophesy or whatever. 




 I assume all of them, but Redguard and Battlespire are quite obscure and no one has really played them. I LOVE the Elder Scrolls universe and have played the hell out of all the games but Daggerfall because I couldn't get DOSBOX to work with it. The old games a shit, I will admit, they were to ambitious for the technology of the time. So, which of the TES games are canon? edit: canon... jeez 




 WHAT THE SHIT! Fuckin' normie buzzfeed fags stealing pepe! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEe IF THIS GITS 1 UPVOTES THIS BECOMES A ANTI BUZZFEED SUBREDDIT 




 To be honest I don't think they were console master racing. They just don't understand because they don't have a GPU inside a potato. They have fancy mold. 




 did you type i wrong? 




 Isn't valid :/ 




 added
 




 Added! 




 Need some people to play with. Also play lots of other games. Friend code is 4828-6625-6360 




 4828-6625-6360 




 Who knows? 




 rekt 




 Marvel Studios does not own the rights to Magneto. Marvel let Sony use Magneto for the X-Men films before Marvel Studios was created. Sony owns Magneto in film, even though Marvel COMICS created them. Since Marvel Studios created Avengers, they cannot include Magneto. 




 I'm just going to say something. I hope you guys don't hate too much on me. Why does /r/atheism have so much Christian hate!? This is about god not being real, yet we only focus on Christianity. Islam and Buddhism is just as stupid. Us saying it is bad for only Christians to be able to pray. All prayer is stupid. Why should we care? 




 FUCK NO! I did something similar. Dick carpet burn. The pain... THE PAIN!!! 




 See! Everyone thinks I got a great card! Except that god damned cashier Linda! DAMN YOU LINDA!!! D: 




 I thought it was [pretty good](http://puu.sh/hHIwe/e398140176.png) 




 Yeah, I guess it isn't foreshadowing, but it did hint that their relationship outside the Avengers would affect the story. 




 Sure, but the foreshadowing for them planning an AI since Avengers 1 was attention to detail. Just thought it was cool. :( 




  ? They said that lol. I dont think this clarifies anything or that anything needed to be clarified in the first place.

Well it seemed cool how they had Ultron planned since the first Avengers... 




 This explains how the talked about how they had been working on Ultron before but were unsuccessful. 









 Haha! It's fine! At least you got it right! :p 




 Cell is called cell because, according to the wiki, "Cell is composed of cells from Goku, Piccolo, Vegeta, Frieza, King Cold, and according to the manga title page, a number of other lifeforms (in the FUNimation dub, it is also stated that he has cells from Krillin, Gohan, Nappa, and Tien Shinhan)." There are billions of billions of nuclei in the body, including Cell's. Also, according to this, "Cell Juniors (Jr.) are the seven offspring of Cell. They are asexually produced from Cell's tail, through cellular mitosis.[2] According to Cell himself, each Cell Junior has his power and abilities." Your statement isn't a theory but a fact. :/ 




 /r/aww material right here! 




 Two words. Blue Penis... 




 Can I have a link to some info about it? 




 Seems to be a rip-off. There is no 3+ thing on the sunburn Elsa. 




 Can someone explain this to me? 




 This could have ended in a much worse way... 




 You wouldn't stab a guy with *glasses?* 




 Oh... my.... 




 Why wouldn't the first person do this? 




 I would live in that. I don't need to leave my house. That house is pretty dank. 




 There was a 4chan omegle raid of the feminism tag. They were saying they were trans-niggers. was fun 




 If they made it a beer glass it would sell pretty well. 




 Dammit tails! That isn't a chaos emerald! 









 Next he will start washing the damn windows. Fuck these type of guys.
 




 Preventing the inevitable 0s of the button once more, damn you reddit! 




 I, /u/train_subject1909, accept that I am, as a Purple, superior to all other colors because of my Button-granted right. In addition, I accept the Hierarchy of Purple and swear that my ultimate goal is to allow The Timer to reach Zero. 




 To be honest... AWFUL game. Clunky controls, bad graphics, doesn't follow the show's plot. Not worth the download. Cool find though. Pretty rare game! 




 FIX: How to tell who farted at the table
 




 What pokemon are those. Kappa 




 there ya go 




