 Tanks alot... 




 Thanks for responding! When i used version 4 of both crack and update it worked... Haven't had any crashes, works really well! Your tutorial helped a lot, Thanks again :) Now that i know that it runs on my pc i'm going to buy it.  




 All 3 the cracked files are in the right map and i did everything you said but i still keep getting the "please run GTA5.exe" error... don't know what i did wrong... Maybe a dumb question but does it matter what versions i use? Does crack v2 give an error with update 3? And do i need all the other updates before i can use update 3? (hope you know what i mean) 




 For a second i thought these were huge fitness dumbbells, but then i thought.. nahh its Reddit.  




 Desolation of Smaug review is pure gold

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIy_uLF6xI8 list=PL4NL9i-Fu15iZLbSfrxZCpZfKchWr9Vna index=5

 




 Its the details that did the trick for me, you could just feel the impact of the punches in my theater. This movie has the best sound design i ever heard/felt in a movietheater! 




 Exactly, the whole movie i thought he would die, especially because of all the emotional wife and kids stuff. I'm so glad i was wrong. 




 Its one of his most quoted lines from the movie by now... don't know the exact context anymore. Oh well, now i have an excuse to go see it again. 




 America wants to be in the centre of the earth so bad it rips Russia in half... Looks so weird to me (European) 




 For number 2 i was thinking Planet Hulk, him flying away like that, still transformed... 




 fair enough  




 Thats why these movies are great, you don't just want to see them F up badguys... (gotta watch the language) 




 I laughed so hard when Hawkeye was about to shoot Quicksilver whilst saying "I could do it... no one would know..." i did'nt like Hawkeye in the first movie, but they made him one of the most likeable characters in this movie.  




 I don't know what they do right, but you could feel the impact of those punches in the theater... Amazingly done.  




 Absolutely loved this movie! It was such an entertaining experience, but those Russian accents from Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver were terrible.  




 Even the shittiest theater in the shittiest part of the shitty Netherlands has Age of Ultron, and i have seen the first screening of it... Take that America, Ne-Ther-Lands, Ne-Ther-Lands (i guess the chant works better when you shout U.S.A) 




 David Luiz... 25 million for each nutmeg. 




 i don't know why but this comment made me laugh out loud... 




 Pack of Velociraptors, jurassic world style... 




