 I am just starting to watch the episode.  I find it weird that girl is addicted to gabapentin. 




 I have hardware and other gnarly looking mri's. Pm? 




 are they giving out free opiate based drugs at this super bowl??  if so, yes, yes I am very fucking interested in this bowl that is super. 




 stop taking them immediately and send the rest to me for further evaluation
 




 I must purchase one of these. 




 yeah you're right about the driving around part haha just did that today with a pound of weed. 




 never used SR or any of them. Probably never will. Seems way too sketchy. 




 ok thanks for the info. and i have been in the same boat as you more or less with anxiety/depression issues my whole life most likely so I know that any pill is no cure all to anything. i am still waiting for them to approve fucking opiates for depression!! not gonna happen but still can wish. 




 haha i'll accept that as a viable answer! 




 oh ok.  I was prescribed it in hope of getting something more like xanax.  I have been on Paxil for 12 years now and have a history of depression anxiety. 




 yep exactly what happened for a bit. not too long tho and it was when i was dozing off sleeping so i thought maybe it was happening naturally since that is when people tend to jerk around.
 









 so it's like Jesus is putting his arm in place of dude's?   




 holy shit!! 50 is supposed to knock most people on their ass.   




 ok that kinda started to happen to me when i was falling asleep now that you mentoin it. 




 I have taken 100mg on top of several norcos. Nothing. 




 I have taken 100mg on top of several norcos. Nothing.  




 Happy birthday.  nod it out! 




 So I've seen a few posts here and there about seroquel and taking it with opiates but never really got much from those threads.  I guess basically the seroquel intensifies the nodding effects.  Curious because today i was prescribed seroquel and took 100mg and so far not much!!  




 This has been discussed many times but i'll chirp in again haha.  I don't know, have a job i guess??  When I have no cash flow i do recycling and coinstair.   




 yeah i'm curious about those grainy looking pills too haha 




 yep it sucks. next time around on subs (I have access to real opiates at the moment) i am going to probably quarter what i was started on.  I don't know why bupe doctors heavily overprescribe the stuff. 




 actually my story is just an example of how this shit can backfire in your face.  i thought that since my doc was referring me to a pain specialist i'd be taken care of right??  well the exact opposite happened. Yes they will or at least should pee test you but if you are on narcotics already you should pee positive for them and that is completely fine.  They want to make sure you are actually taking the medicine that they prescribe to you.  but yeah hopefully what happened to me doesnt to you-just a cautionary tale of when everything should be set in stone it gets all fucked up.  Murphy's law at it's finest.   




 i have to say I was on about the exact same dosage as you and put on 8mg twice a day.  It worked yes but in the end jacked up my tolerance immensly so that when i went back to use i had to take way more to feel the same effect. 




 If you feel up to reading my post from a few months ago here is my 1st (and worst) experience with a pain management program.  This is how it should not go!!  http://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/1pzawa/doctor_question/ 




 about? 




 ok. i've never done any drugs other than weed so the freebase part i don't follow but its all good.  so the other day my homie got a small amount of tar for $50. i looked at it. seemed a bit bigger than say a nickel. i thought it was just so small but now that you told me only a match head size you can smoke to get 3 hits off of it makes more sense now.
thanks for the info!! 




 ok also i want to ask you some questions. I have only ever done pharms: norco, oxy, etc.  I just usually pop them but I have foiled some roxi blues. How does the tar compare to smoking a roxi? do you do it off foil?   




 lol how many norcos and kpins you working with?!?!
 




 i am in almost the same exact thing as you. norcos then started buying roxy to supplement.  i have to agree with everyone saying tolerance.  thats really all it is.  oxy is a bit stronger than hydro in comparison but not enough for me to notice.  tolerance sucks!! i hate it. 




 lol the ninja opiate. didn't know that about fent. 




 tramadol is so weak I am surprised you get anything from it. but that's actually good for you if you can still catch a buzz from it.  Why don't you tell your doctor you at least need something to replace the tramadol with.  If you get lucky he might give you something better but i'd stay away from saying names of meds like "I want Norco" or etc.  its not fair that he cut you off completely he should at least taper you.  I have been in very similar situations too.
 




 $1 per milligram sounds about right!?!?  I am not positive though. 




 nevermind sorry for asking a dumb question you already answered!
 




 how many 
 




 ah ok haha
 




 mmmk 




 let's party
 




 I am just using trams for being able to sleep thru the night right now.  that and gabapentin help a lot.  I don't have a huge habit/tolerance.  I'd say about 120 mg hydro daily. but lately like the last month i can't sleep up until 8am without jerking all around and crawling outta my skin.  That sucks and I am now realizing shit is getting serious.  So anyways I got tramadol and gaba scripted to me and take them around 2am and they really do help me just sleep.  I am trying to keep my tolerance in check so yeah in that respect if you have em for maintenince and don't want to go crazy with your tolerance they do help. 




 FUCK YEAH!! and don't they suck when you wake up???!?!!! but this one was different. it wasnt completely lucid like i knew it was kinda a dream to begin with so when i woke up i was like wtf but not totally bummed haha.
 




 LOL ok. i just never seen any asians dabbling in opiates like  I have never seen an IV user strung out on the streets. to me that's a picture of a white guy/girl.
 




 lol it was basically like how they sell "legal weed" synthetic stuff now. but this was claiming it was a certain % pure heroin. 




 I had a pretty cool dream last night.  Basically I was looking through a magazine and they were advertising selling heroin.  Thing is somehow it was legal to sell because it was only 7.xx real heroin so they were able to find a loophole I guess haha. I think i remember it was sold and shipped from some little tiny country as well. Woke up like damn!! not real.  Anyways thought I would share that with everyone. 




 OK I have been using this lately for withdrawls in between my doses.  I am taking pills-oxy or hydro.  In the early morning I had been getting the classic symptoms-jerky body, restless legs, basically couldn't sleep and I did NOT want to waste my precious limited suppy of real opiates so I was able to procure a script from my doc. Took 2-3 around 2am and voila no more symptoms whatsoever. I can now get a great mornings sleep.  Other than that, the times I did take Trams they made me a bit nauseous but I was riding in a car and hadn't had much to eat.  As far as recreational value, if you have little to no opiate tolerance I bet they would be kinda cool. 




 lol probably. opiates, at least to me seem like a white mans burden haha. 




 So are you looking for pills? if you now graduated to H would pills still do anything for you? I guess it depends on your habit and ROA?? I haven't gone the H route yet so I am not sure.  Anyways I live near a big college town and pills are pretty hit and miss but then again I am 10 years above your average freshman college goer so I don't really run with that crowd.   




 Reading the last paragraph oh this really sums it up for a lot of people on this sub i bet.  It at least hit home with me 




 the op 80s i have now i put in coke overnight so my tolerance is 1 a day of the op 80s and the buzz lasts me a while. 




 so i just had op 80s for the first time the other week. i like them.  paid $20 a piece for them.  i have a chance to get blue i think 30mg roxis for the same price.  is this a fair price and what is the difference between the 2 as far as the high is. i am bit confused as to why they are both the same price when one is an 80mg pill and the other is only 30.   




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh8zcbC_Dcw 




 it was actually an oral surgeon!! haha you'd think he would know. 




 lol i got darvocet for my wisdom teeth and they were impacted meaning they had to cut out my gums to get to them. 




 dying of cancer and last leg of life shit basically.  doctors are getting to be assholes about scripting anything anymore. 




 ok i just drank the whole concotion yesterday and it seemed to work fine. 




 ok last night i threw a whole 80 in a a shot glass of coke. this morning it's looking all gelly and i can still see the actual pill or carcasss of the pill. its all blown up like 3 times bigger than original.  just sip the mixture or what? haha i hope i didn't mess up.  




 i did haha it worked. 




  ok i just checked on it. its all gelled up but seems to be broken down. i am just scooping some out and eating it haha is that ok?

 




 ok i just checked on it. its all gelled up but seems to be broken down. i am just scooping some out and eating it haha is that ok? 




 lol it's all good. thanks. lots of good info in there. 




 will do. thanks everyone! 




 Exactly what im doing.  How long do you wait?  




 I know i'm probably beating a dead horse her but i've never had them before. my tolerance is up to 10 norcos in 24 hours. usually a bit less though.  i currently broke one in 1/2 and have it sitting in a shot glass of coke and they are floating around haha.  any other ideas? they are the op 80s incase it's hard to tell in the pic.  http://i43.tinypic.com/2s6mu50.jpg 




 Damn that s a ton of pills but i recently go cut off as well. My script pales in comparison to yours but i can still understand the betrayment and downright fear you  feel 




 Chico 530 help a n*gga out
 




 you been at the local dog park picking up the turds?!?! hahaha jk have fun!! 




 ah ok 




 anyone around chico? 




 are you yelling at me?? I don't understand I was just asking a question. 




 what are in you in the hospital for?  you got a do it your self pump in your bed?   




 I've never heard of this ever in the states. 




 i was in a similiar situation before.  I thought it over then i decided not to do it since i'd be totally up shits creek with nothing if I got caught and i hear that pharmacies call the doctor back sometimes a lot nowadays. depends on on the pharmacy maybe.  you can do it but just weigh the pros/cons i guess of the situation haha 




 haha it didnt really do anything!! Gonna go with 100 mg today and see. 




 Ite. Just popped one 50mg tram a few minutes ago.  would try more but it's my 1st time so i'm being safe hah. 




 Ok cool. Im not on subs right now but i might try a couple trams tonight when i get home.  Got the script yesterday and haven't touched it yet 




 yeah i usually do that with norco the empty stomach routine and never have had a problem with that. i also have a pill crusher and use that.  i started on subs recently as well but have a decent amount of norcos left so i was wondering what will work best haha.  Yeah the buzz from subs, not really a buzz but i'd call it like a dirtier version of a norco buzz.  It's not bad it gets me thru the day but i'd take norcos any day over subs.   




 also do you think that if i took these with norco it would help or hinder the norco buzz?   




 Alright thanks.  i have little round white pills that say an 527 i believe on them. 




 lol dude!! exactly............ 




 aight. i will look into it though. since i am going to use anything before I have to go back onto subs which I assume will be the rest of my life.
 




 yeah i'd like to know too after being in my current situation. 




 ok this is probably a no but is it possible to take this with suboxone?  I am doubting it..... 




 and also I am under Kaiser insurance.  if you haven't heard of Kaiser its like a network of hospitals and doctors all intertwined (is that a word?) haha but anyways i cannot simply just switch doctors under kaiser to get back on my meds cause any doctor under kaiser will see that fucking recommendation from the head of pain managment saying something like no more norco. so i'm fucked unless I change insurance and start all the way fucking over again. 




 She reffered me to pain mgmt. Head guy there is anti meds and put a recommendation to my doc that my norco should be pulled.  funny thing is i thought i was moving up the ladder when being reffered.  I am now on suboxone which i did with my own money and no insurance since they fucked me over. 




 isnt that essentially a speedball?
 




 ok. i am on paxil as well. heard of any interactions? 




