 Here is the thing.

Sometimes a ban is necessary. If you post naked pictures of children, you should be banned.

If you post the name, address, and photo of a person, with a message like "someone needs to rape this bitch", you should be banned.

If you upload videos of yourself killing people, you should be banned.

Of course, they should also send the information to the authorities.

So, you can't promise "No Banning, whatsoever" without opening yourself up to legal liability.

The goal we should be striving for is "if it is legal, you can post it" 




 And don't forget that we already have Voat.co.  




 It is a football game, even if it isn't the season, but I am explaining the reasoning that OP is using.

If what you care about is watching your team play a game, you only have to wait until the 14th of August. 




 And the preseason is in August. 




 Just remember to give Marshawn the ball this time! 




 The fine print was clear, they meant $3 in coinage. 




 The mailer is only there to prove that you got the mailer. Most people only get one per promotion, and it serves to ensure you don't attempt twice. 




 Oh, these things are nationwide. Every copy of the mailer "wins", but they never say exactly what. You'll more than likely get the booby prize, worth between one and ten dollars, in exchange for them trying to sell you a car.

And they send a copy of that to *everyone* in the area. If they get 1000 responses (an insane turnout), they'll probably convince 50-100 to drive off in a car... But only give out $5000 in prizes. 




 I don't believe you. 




 I went down to the car dealership for one of these promotions. I brought in the ad, they did their high-pressure sale, then they brought me a scratch-off with like 20 numbers on it, and I got to scratch off 6 numbers.

If *all 6 numbers* matched a pre-determined list of numbers on a whiteboard, then I would have won the grand prize. And quite frankly, I'm skeptical that the scratch-off was even possible to win on. (The booby prize was a $2 bill.)

Does anyone know *anyone* that "won" more than a $100 product on these things?

The worst one I've seen has a prize listed as "3 golden coins" (They meant Sacajawea dollar coins.)  




 [All I'm saying is that bodybuilders don't eat as healthy as you think.](http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=120168451) 




 He says himself that whenever he sees or hears the name "E Corp" he automatically changes it to "Evil Corp", we (being figments of his imagination) see and hear it similarly. 




 No, she didn't. She injected nanites to control the Terminator prototypes, but it was the virus that give Skynet sentience. 




 With the exception of the whey powder (because they sell the stuff), they don't really mention a lot of specific foods. It's all about the numbers.

But, regardless of the individual's food choices, it isn't as simple as having "a hamburger or some fries" a day. It is so much more. 




 Yeah.... there aren't that many...

You should see My Little Pony's list of subs... /r/wehavetoomanymlpsubs 




 Part of the problem is the fact that mobile users don't see the sidebar unless they actively check it. Most people only check it one time, and don't see rule changes, updated links, or other info. 




 How about this? If someone asks a noob question in the main sub, we... I dunno... *answer the question* and include a message like, "you can learn more about the basics at /r/KerbalAcademy"

If it's a simple question, with a simple answer, no one wants to hear, "I'm not going to tell you, I'm going to send you over here, with a smaller userbase, where you can ask the question over again." 




 What I don't understand is... What is Rule 6? There's only 5 rules. 




 It should be noted that such a program still relies on counseling (aid workers to help them find things like a place to stay, where to go for treatment, etc.) and it only works if a good amount is given at one time...

Having 3000 people each give a pound over a period of time, they'll just buy a cup of coffee or small meal, and it would do no good.

Plus, the experiment was very narrow, only giving money to 13 people. likely chosen specifically for their background. 




 To everyone willing to give $5,000 to a random homeless man, I'll take your money. 




  a couple of fries per day

That implies a restraint on eating that bodybuilders don't generally have.

[This](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/the-abcs-of-a-muscle-building-diet.html) article on bodybuilding.com shows the "recommended" diet for a bodybuilder who wants huge muscles...

For the 180 lb person in the example, they suggest a 3500 Calorie daily diet, including 180g of protein, 450g of carbohydrates, and 120g of fat.

Compare that to the standard weight-maintenance diet for a 180 lb person, 2000 Calories with no more than 300g of carbs and 65g of fat. Protein doesn't have a recommendation, but 180g is the equivalent of 30 eggs or about 9-15 hamburgers. 




 I feel sorry for my inbox if it turns out I'm right. 




 Verily. 




 Wh....why don't they just sent the "mails" USPS themselves, and save the middleman? 




 The Dragon in Rev 12 is named as Satan, and when he fell from Heaven he gave his power to the Beast.

The Beast is a representation of Rome, and has a similar 7 heads, 10 horns, and 7 crowns

Rome was built on a peculiar formation of 7 hills, where the Vatican sits today. The horns and crowns represented Roman leaders and countries they ruled over. Basically, the early Christian writer of the book was trying to equate the very bloody treatment of Christianity to the influence of Satan, himself. 




 You have things too convulted.

Timeline A: Sarah and unknown individual create John, Yadda Yadda. Skynet sends T-800 to the past. John-A sends Kyle Reese after it. (The events of Timeline A continue, so your Timeline B never occurs.)

Timeline B- Terminator 1. Sarah-B survives the T-800, has John, and is committed to a mental institution for claiming that robots from the future came back in time. John-B is raised by foster parents, and becomes more street smarts than John-A. John-B joins military service like many tough kids, and starts the resistance, along with Katherine Brewster. Skynet is accelerated by the remnants of the T-800, and sends a T-1000 to attack John. John sends a reprogrammed T-800 to defend himself.

Timeline C - Terminator 2. T-800 saves John and breaks Sarah from the mental institution, and forms a fatherly bond with John. T-800, T-1000, and all physical remnants are destroyed. (We assume.) Sarah trains John until she dies of cancer, John lives off the grid. Skynet is created in parallel construction by Katherine's father. John survives Judgement Day by not being in a major city, founds the resistance. Skynet sends a T-X, Katherine sends a reprogrammed T-800 to protect.

Timeline D- Terminator 3. T-800 saves John and Katherine from T-X, attempts to stop Skynet from launching, gets them to a military bunker, where John founds the resistance. This is a 100% stable timeline, as Skynet is not hindered or helped in any way. It is as if they never sent back the T-X at all.

Where things get wonky is in the fact that the new movie has Skynet and the Resistance send fighters to *before* the events of Terminator 1, removing 2 and 3 from existence entirely. 




 Based on what little the show has told us so far, it seems to me that they are going full "Fight Club" and having the leader of the anonymous hacker group, Mr. Robot (played by Christian Slater) be a projection of Elliott's subconscious.

We have evidence that Elliott is an unreliable narrator. He is delusional, giving us narration as if talking to a voice in his head, goes on rambling conversations in his mind, and subconsciously hears every reference to "E Corp" (obviously a reference to Enron) as "Evil Corp", including in print. He is also a drug addict, who thinks his addiction is under control.

He encounters the hacker group when finding a file in one of his company's client's computers, and is almost immediately taken under the wing of Mr. Robot. Mr. Robot is cool, amicable, friendly. He gets along with others, makes plans, follows his goals. He is everything Elliott is not.

Almost immediately after this encounter, the CEO of Evil Corp is arrested based on evidence found in the hacker's program. Elliott, who only recently was let in on the plan celebrates as if he orchestrated it.

One of the girls in the group, seemingly second in command, is comfortable enough to take a shower at his place without telling him, as if they had known each other for a while.

All signs point to Elliott and Mr. Robot being the same person, with any direct interaction of the two (like when Mr. Robot pushed Elliott off the pier) being shown to us through the delusional filter of Elliott's mind. 




 In the privacy of their bedroom, and away from their parents...

"I'm sorry, babe, but I didn't want to do it in the house, because I don't know how your dad would react. 




 I know one pothead who can't seem to go 10 minutes without a smoke.

And by that, he *can* but he doesn't want to. 




 Steroid users actually ingest a large amount of calories, because they burn through it at the gym.

And that includes fatty, high energy, high calorie foods like hamburgers and fries. 




 I get what you are saying, but at least this group was trying to address that body image is a problem for both genders.

And the statistics are not wrong, many men with body image problems turn to weightlifting. Why? Because we have to contend with amazingly large people! Arnold, Stallone, Lundgren, Farrigno, Tyson... the pressure isn't *usually* to get smaller, it is go get ripped.

When they work hard at the gym, and buy all the suppliments, and end up with only modest (realistic) gains, they turn to synthol and steroids to get bigger and better defined.

There are women with synthol and steroid problems, and men with eating disorders, but at least they are trying to address the overall problem. Body Image. 




 And for God's sake, don't wait until you get home. Do it as soon as the bank is open  




 The appropriate thing to do is to test a large sample size of narcoleptic and vaccinated regular people from certain areas, that way you can have a control. 




 Narcolepsy can be a symptom of a separate problem, a side effect of a drug (as was the case here), or the sole condition you have. 




 In fairness, if he knew she knew he smoked weed, he could have just said, "I had to take a smoke and stepped outside".  




 One way to set up a capture might be to design the bank with a large atrium with bulletproof doors on both sides.

Teller waits for him to open the first door and sets off an automatic lock on both ends. The robber is then trapped in the bank, but segregated from the tellers, guards, and employees. 




 It's something they need to work on. But I really think they need to be better about PS4 ports of PS3 games...

After paying for FFX/X-2 3 times, I don't think I should have to shell out another $50 to get it on PS4. 




 Let's be honest... the PS3 is going to go away eventually. You can't expect to get great free games for it forever, right? 




 Isn't soccer just running about and kicking a ball?

This is soccer... in a rocket car. 




 And that's the ironic thing.

We get approximately $60 worth of games every month, sometimes more. It's just not one $60 game. 




 Live virus doesn't last as long on a vaccinated child as it does on an unvaccinated child, because it can not incubate in the body. Because of that, there is less chance for the virus to mutate, less variation in the virus, and greater efficacy of the vaccination. 




 There are a lot of decisions you are forced to make because you don't have enough money.

If I had the money, I'd travel the world, going to different anime conventions until I got sick of it, but I don't. So I have to keep working at a job I hate.

Now, maybe the governor shouldn't be the sole decider of this issue. Maybe it should be up to a vote, maybe it should be decided by courts or legislature. But it isn't necessarily a *bad* thing to have every child be vaccinated...

Even if the quacks out there are right, and there is a minuscule chance that some of the children might develop a problem related to the vaccine, isn't that 0.01% "error" worth the saving of 10% or more of the children's lives? 




 Japanese use Western name order when telling a complete Western name. John Smith is Sumiisu-san or Jyon Sumiisu, not Sumiisu Jyon. 




 Ginny, in the last book, stayed behind and listened for news about Harry while he went hunting, not counting the final battle of course.

The praying is out of character for a witch (they never really show people praying), but it does capture the idea of her worrying about Harry. 




 Okay. So, if my "religious belief" is that I should only feed my children raw possum meat, should I be allowed to do that?

Of course not! They'd be dead quicker than you can blink.

Any reasonable person will admit that you can't claim personal freedom as an excuse to attack another person, and that includes passive harm.

Similarly, the First Amendment is not an absolute protection of your right to speak, specifically where such speech can bring harm to another party. You can not, for example, grab a bullhorn and tell an angry mob to break into a building and lynch its occupants.

Such exceptions to personal freedom are inevitable, and should be as limited as possible, but for vaccines to work *as many people as possible have to get the vaccination*.

If you don't want to vaccinate your kids, you will have to use alternative methods of educating them. You can find a private school that is willing to have a walking virus incubator attend, or you can teach them yourself at home. 




 Who, I ask you, who is getting such massive doses to allow that?

Kevin? 




 Okay. The problem at heart is "personal liberty". If you have a deeply held belief that you should not be vaccinated, who are they to tell you otherwise, right?

Well, personal freedom only extends to your own person. If your freely taken action brings harm to another, then you can not take that action.

The Libertarian school of thought states that such limitations should be as narrow as possible, and that interpretations of harm to others should be imminent and foreseeable. In that regard, your child not vaccinating and spreading a disease is *foreseeable*, but not imminent.

The Socialist school of thought is that limitations should be as broad as is necessary, and that harm be merely reasonable, and not imminent. It is reasonable to the average person that an unvaccinated child could become the vector for an outbreak, especially as it has happened recently.

Any good government must weigh both sides of this, and in their opinion (whether they are correct or not is a different matter) is that the protection of the people, as a whole, outweighs the risks to any one individual and the infringement of the usual right to personal freedom. 




 According to you.

Most people call any costuming "cosplay", partly because anyone who dresses up as a character is going to generally act like the character for pictures or among groups.

Those few who distinguish between them will generally draw the line at the dedication of the player. Buying a polyester, premade costume is just wearing a costume. Making or buying show-accurate or reimagined props and costumes is cosplay.  




 Actually, the difference between costuming and cosplay is more basic... did you make it or buy it?

If I go out to the Halloween store and buy a cheap Superman costume, it's just a costume.

If I hand make a detailed replica of the costume from Man of Steel, complete with padding to make me look as ripped as Superman, then I am cosplaying. 




 I don't believe you.  




 In all fairness, while Backpage can be used for legitimate transactions, akin to Craigslist, many sections are flooded with ~~prostitutes~~ escorts.

It doesn't matter if you are selling candy and sodas, if you sell crack from your store, it can be seized under the current laws.

Edit - I search through Backpage semi regularly to check for hooked using my hotel... the "legitimate escorts" who "only charge for time and not for sex" all have pictures that say shit like "these lips are magic". 









  Do you remember the time where they made you hold up signs as part of an Elementary class project?

 Yeah, easiest A I ever got. 




 Nazi Germany... 




 Children were definitely first. They had parental blocks and retarded filters to keep kids safe long before 9/11.

As a teen, I printed a copy of the Necronomicon in full color on the school computers, and we were going onto sexually explicit MUCKs during class... But we couldn't use the library computers to do research on Essex for history class (because it has the word "sex" in it) 




 You then lift the bowl to your nose, sniff it a bit, swirl the contents around and take a small spoonful into your mouth.

Feel the texture of the cereal, the mixture of flavors from the grains, berries, and milk, the cool feel under your tongue, and then expel the cereal into a second bowl.

One does not swallow at a refined cereal bar. 




 It helps people understand the particular biases of the newscasters, and thus reach more informed decisions about the news? 




 Christians have the religious liberty to not include gays in their religious ceremonies, including weddings

They do not have the religious liberty to discriminate against gays in *non-religious* circumstances, like catering or issuing civil marriage documents. 




 This is probably the correct reason. If they simply grew apart, and don't hate each other, it is better for children to have them keep up the happy farce than to separate messily. 




 The reason the Jerusalem Gate explanation is so prevalent is because people don't want to believe that God would be so cruel.

By giving an alternate possibility to the obvious, they make it tough, but plausible, for a camel to pass through the Eye, thus not impossible for a rich man to go to Heaven. 




 This guy's helmet saved him when he was sucked into a jet engine... so it isn't worthless. 




 Actually no. The only gate with the appalation "Eye of a Needle" (or anything similar) was built in the 16th Century, and was named for the allegorical understanding that you mention.

The idea of large animals passing through a needle's eye as a euphemism for impossibility was used in Jewish tradition long before Jesus's time.

The point of the story was to say "Do what I (Jesus) say, and follow God, and He will do the impossible for you." 




 It's the Appalachians that like rapin'.

They'll make ya squeal like a piggy. 




 And spends most of his time picking at your clothes? 




 Bullshit, doctors don't care about the abbreviations their newfound diseases will create. 




 Damn it, Gary! Stop opening the Ark! 




 Mr. Joshua was a favorite character of his for me.  




 If I were more interested in cheating, I might have been a Slytherin. 




 And when he put on that ring. 




 If I were to make such a bot, it would check for such image links, and then send a private message to me directly. I would see the notification, but no one else will. It'd be foolproof.

But it would still be cheating. 




 She's just going down at the pub for another beer.  




 Baconreader worked fine.  




 Okay... I'm gonna come out and say it.

If they are basically stating that they will accept girls who are girls, girls who are boys, and boys who are girls, why not drop the pretext of being a girl's organization and allow boys who are boys to join? 

After all, the Boy Scouts still might not be a viable option for some, as atheists are not 100% welcome there.  




 I would call it extremely likely that life formed on another planet in the same, or similar, fashion.

But it is extremely unlikely that it would result in human-compatible aliens.

Some things may or may not be inevitable, such as bipedal movement, but things like human skin color, hair patterns, and such are probably optional, even in intelligent species.

For example, elephants on earth evolved their noses to be able to grasp and manipulate objects while maintaining their mass and quadrapedal movement. The same thing could happen on a different planet.  




 http://powerrangers.wikia.com/wiki/Shurikenjin_Dino#Shurikenjin_Dino 




 Well, yeah... It's a dollar, plus. 




 Well, they could have had a moveable wall facing out toward the audience for the "concierge" to interact with Max and Leo. They could then set up the roof scene behind the wall at leisure.

Max and Leo walk "into" the building, and the wall slides over to the side and acts as the roof access door. 




 He tried hard to work it into the stage show, but that brings to mind the question... Why couldn't he have gotten it in? 









 That racist motherfucker had some points, huh? 




 That *is* always a possibility. 




 Mildly funny, but honestly... the only purpose of the scene was to tell Max and Leo that Franz was on the roof. I can see why it was cut. 




 I think I understand what he/she was going at...

One of the big arguments in the gay community is that homosexuality is not a learned behavior, but a hard-coded preference. That men don't *choose* to like men, they just do.

The gay man in the argument said, "Who I choose to marry is none of your business." (I'm cleaning up the language because it isn't being told by a reliable narrator anyway.)

The bigot then has an a-ha moment, "But gay isn't a choice! So can you or can't you choose to be gay?"

The logic is there, if *and only if* you conflate the loving of a particular man with the loving of men in general. 




 Wow. Just wow. 




 Maybe my "problem" is that I've never seen the play. 




 What did you particularly find "stinky" about the film? 




 Honestly, I don't really like the original Producers. Maybe it's because I saw the Lane/Broderick film first, but the original just feels... unpolished.

Because the script underwent innumerable changes over the decades on stage, it cut out much of the less funny humor, expanded the roles for the more minor characters, and fleshed out the meta-show aspects. 




 But *Mel* was the stand-in for Palpatine... President Skroob. 




 There is a nostalgia filter at play.

They knew each other, confided in one another. One doesn't always like your friend's actions, but you will still hopefully trust them to have your back.

Up until the Clones turned on the Jedi, and Vader began killing younglings, Obi-Wan fully thought of Anakin as a brother. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMJnWrKQeqY 




 Janosh was a trip to watch. Much better than the Keymaster. 




 What if I told you that the 30 or so spin-off series was *exactly* what Power Rangers was supposed to be? 




 He *was* a good friend. Obi-Wan and Anakin were very close with each other. Considering the fact that Obi-Wan had referred to Anakin as a separate person than Vader, it is possible that he chose to remember them as different entities. 




 http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/familyguy/images/5/5e/Jedi1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20091021024120 




 That's true, but I'm not going to dance inside a volcano just to grab a steak. 

If these were aliens that came to Earth to invade, they would have noted that the land was 90% incompatible to their lives... 75% of the land is covered in liquid water of varying salinity, and across most of the land, water falls from the sky.

But, going with the "demons" theory, and the idea that the little girl was creating and stashing holy water around the house (as opposed to it being simple human water), then it would explain why they are on *this* planet to begin with. 




 Since each file has its own key, they each have their own encryption. Thus, the file can be traced. 




 Actually, it was images like the one above that always felt dated to me.

The all capital lettering, the full-sized visible cursor, the "futuristic" font that we would never use today (which is after Judgement Day) unless we were referencing this movie...

But "dating" a movie isn't always a bad thing. 




 Seriously, with all of the unique architecture around the rides and attractions (Main Street, the Matterhorn, EPCOT Center, Haunted Mansion) and overhead views from the Monorail, there is so much to photograph that they can't expect to only allow official photographs. 




 I think he's reading to far into it...

Now it is was titled "Sexual Orient-ation", then it would be punny. 




 I'm 100% pure ground beef, I'll have you know. 




 [This article](http://www.ushistory.org/us/21e.asp) gives a quick and dirty idea of what was going on.

Britain was wildly interfering with American independence by way of naval blockades and forts within American Territories where they armed Native fighters against us. When Madison declared war in 1812, it was to gain economic freedom to trade and deal with other countries.

And we very nearly lost, if it weren't for important rallying points, like Baltimore and New Orleans. Granted the effects of a loss may not have ultimately included direct subjugation, but we still would have been largely dependent on the British Empire. 




 Clue 1 - Will hire without so much as a phone interview.

Clue 2 - "I'm out of the country on business"

Clue 3 - pay offered is far too high for the work they are having you do. 




 Yes. If he sends anything by mail, report to the Postmaster General. In any case, you can report to your local FTC or FBI offices. 




 World War II was very much a joint effort on both sides. Without the support of favored countries, Germany would have lost fairly quickly, and without help from the Americans, British, and French Resistance, the Soviets would have at best fought Hitler to a standstill.

So, yes. England won that war just as much as America or Russia did. 




 We fired our cannon until the barrel melted down, so we grabbed an alligator and we fought another round.

We filled his head with cannonballs and powdered his behind, and when we touched the powder off, the gator lost his mind.  




 Many scholars refer to the War of 1812 as "The Second Revolutionary War", because if we had lost, we would have become British colonies once again. 




 That was a battle, not a war.

There is a huge difference.  




 Britain was the 'MURICA time forgot. 




 You can thank us for that popcorn feast later.

'MURICA! 




 I thought it was a canned ham by-product meal. 




 Well, that escalated quickly. 




 Except for one. 




 It seems like it is a real word, synonymous with allegory, but I can not find the etymology of it. 




 Okay, are these the *actual* complaints the police have about this reform bill?

Because I think requiring consent to a search (or a duly issued warrant) is a good thing.

Choke holds are illegal, so they *should* be imprisoned for using them.

And it shouldn't even be a *question* on whether they give the number for the complaints. Why is it that I'm allowed to complain to McDonald's because my hamburger didn't have enough pickles, but we have to jump through hoops to complain about heavy-handed police tactics? 




 Told about it by a friend.  




 It isn't that the wedding is the day they arrive, the cheap, lazy fucks don't want to pay to come a day early. 




 Personally? I don't change my profile pic regularly at all. So, no rainbow version...

If I change it, it'll be to something I can live with for a while without getting bored... or craving skittles. 




 If they say, "I'm happy that gays can get married now. They deserve it," then they are probably straight.

If they say, "homosexuality is a sin," they're probably gay. 




 Seriously, why are all the wedding parties scheduled for 3 PM? 




 I'm very partial to that one as well, along with Suteki Da Ne, from FFX. 




 No, [this](http://earnthis.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/montage_retourfutur.png) is an old reference. 




 I've... actually never seen Good Will Hunting. 




 Comic relief? 




 Sheldon: Today, our guest will be a colleague of mine, Barry Kripke.

Kripke: Hey, Shewdon. I've weawwy enjoyed youw sewies so faw. I'm actuawwy vewy intewested in the fiewd of vexiwowogy.

Sheldon: I'm glad to hear that, Barry. And I understand you have a different kind of flag to show today.

Kripke: That's cowwect. Whiwe peopwe awe most famiwiaw with fwags of countwies and othew geopowiticaw systems, fwags can awso be used as a standawd fow powiticaw and sociaw ideawogies.

Sheldon: That's very astute. These are commonly seen at protests with large memberships.

Kripke: This fwag wecentwy was featuwed in the news wepowts at Kanye West's watest concewt. 

*Kripke begins unfolding flag, slightly off screen. Sheldon watches as the flag reveals a woman's head*

Sheldon: GOOD LORD!!

*Sheldon switches off the camera.* 




 You forgot to plug a Super Nintendo controller into the port and play it that way. 




 Actually... as a fan of Harry Potter, GTA, and Law and Order, I could get into this. 




 Go-Busters was fun, and had some interestingly serious parts interspersed. If OP doesn't know, they are a special ops team trying to save the world from an interdimensional threat caused by their parents. The comedy is mostly from their "weaknesses" and their Extra Members.

ToQger is a celebration of silliness with powers deriving from imagination.  




 If you have seen Zyuranger and Kyoryuger, then pick up Abarenger and Go-Busters, then you'll be ready for Kyuryuger vs Go-Busters: The Movie (Abarenger is mostly optional, as they aren't as prevalent as the two titled Sentai). 




 Dog monster?  




 Kemomimi, not anthro.

Most anthro is generally considered furry, though. 




