 App? 




 Main thing though is that my adjusted hourly rate needs to be as high as possible... i.e. I decided against law because I'd be working insane hours for the same salary I make now in 40 hours A week.

If I'm only in it for the money, and I'll pay whatever tuition it takes, what field of study should I go into for grad school to make a 6 figure income in the next 5 to 10 years almost assuredly, while working less than 50 hours a week? 

I've already ruled out medicine and law due to time sinks and opportunity cost.

What about software engineering?

I'd also really like to live out west. 

 




 income based repayment.

A doctor would be on income based repayment if they were making 150k A year and had 300k In debt 




 You could make more than 30k just doing a blog, branding it properly and giving free legal advice (and supporting yourself off ad revenue).

Are you contractually prevented from doing that? 




 How long have you been there 




 What stops the recent grad from opening their own firm right away?

Also, if I wanted to work in Southern California would I expect to make a lot more starting due to cost of living, or are the salaries going to be similar no matter where you go? 




 If you are on the fence about going to law school you probably shouldn't. 

I'm on the fence because I literally just started thinking about it as a possibility the other day.

I took some LSAT practice quizzes and did pretty well, drawing out the logical problems and solving them is second nature to me. Is there a timed one you recommend?

 




 Great point 




 Sent you a PM. I'm also amused and depressed that people keep calling 48k high paid  




 No because my job isn't easily automated. At least not in 2050 




 We will own robots and take out a mortgage on them similar to how we have homes that take 30 years to pay off and most who didn't have special skills would run small robot staffing businesses (i.e. a family would own a robot) and then sell its services to a local business (i.e. mcdonalds) at a contracted rate.

instead of working a job the family would research new technologies repair and perform maintenance and save up to buy more robots.



 




 Becsuse debt is eventually paid off. 




 Yea good point. I'd do that before commiting to this right now I'm evaluating it as an option.

 




 I see. Thank you 




 To see if I like it or because I need the experience on an application? 




 Jesus... I thought it would be clerks making 35 to 40.

you're saying most lawyers make under 50k? 




 If I have a passion for anything it's researching, busting and exposing scams and unethical business practices.... specifically ones that fleece those looking for a job or trying to start a business. 




 I wasn't worried about the loan due to the income based repayment on the student loans. They only make you pay what you can afford. If i decidea to flip burgers instead of practice law I wouldn't pay a dime for 25 years but would end up with a Huge tax liability as the foregiveness Is taxed 




 Are all 100k+ lawyers working 60+ hours a week? My job is stressful now but over petty things like getting yelled at for making minor  mistakes on a three week project we had 1 day to finish, etc. 

Can you give me an example of something that would stress a lawyer out?

I wouldn't necessarily mind long hours if I enjoyed the job. 




 That's a good point. I was throwing around software engineering as well but I think I'd find law more fulfilling. I'm not crazy about any job to be honest but based on my skillset (Was always off the charts in reading comprehension, analytics etc.. not so much math/science) and my love for argument aND logic I thought id check it out 




 .... that's really depressing then. I hate my job. 

I thought new lawyers made 60+ To start?

I make over 60 when you include my other income but I'd still be making that if I quit as its Army/Rental income (full occupancy = about 75).

This would continue if I became a lawyer obviously so that decreases my OC. I might have to sell my house though if I moved too far away to maintain/landlord it.

My office job for what it pays is not worth the stress of being the whipping boy at the intersection of two dysfunctional departments. 




 I'm interested in law because I'm extremely analytical. I've always stood out well above others at any analytical task. I also want a job that will pay a 100k salary, even if it means going into a lot of debt to do so.

That being said, it seems like my best bet is to work my ass off to get into a T14. How difficult is that?

I think my cumulative UGPA was around 3.6 or something, if you include classes from the community college I transferred from to my 4 year. GPA is about 3.7 if you only look at the 4 year.

My degree is in Business Management, I also have about 6 years in the Army Reserve (still in, do I get some type of affirmative action bonus for military status)?

Assuming I got a good LSAT score, how hard is it to get into a T14? I'm not worried about scholarships, I will borrow the full bill if I got accepted as it seems T14 is a license to print money if you make it through.

I currently make about $48k at a crappy office job I got right after college. (I graduated 2 years ago). I have almost no student loan debt, so I'm wondering what my opportunity cost will be to go to law school, and what kind of salary I can expect starting if I graduate from a T14 and place middle of the road in the class.

EDIT: I live near U of M, and they appear to be a high ranking school. Would I have a shot there? What kind of salaries do they see starting? I could literally go there with free rent as I have family in the area.  









