 You don't gain muscle without working out... it just doesn't work that way  




 It strictly depends on the calories that the bar has in relation to your diet.

If you are eating less calories than you are outputting you will lose weight. 




 DOMS are from doing something new your body isn't used to... 




 Lunges and squats don't work the same muscles in the same way. 




 1-2 pounds a week is the recommended... however if you are morbidly obese higher wouldn't hurt. 




 Your growth won't be stunted from lifting, more so the fact that you won't be lifting anything heavy for a while. 




 Thanks for this information. 




 Thanks for the information. 




 What impact will not doing cardio for a month have on my ability to do cardio? Is it like lifting where not doing it for a prolonged period of time will lead to loss of gainz? 




 So, did ya do it? 




 /r/fasting 

 




 Sounds interesting, I'll be keeping an eye on it, and might even post there once I have my diet at a level I deem acceptable  




 I'd you are using MFP to track your calories, I recommend not logging your exercise.

MFP is very inaccurate in calculating what you burned, so you may end up over eating as a result. 




 Welder, blowtorch, steel, spraypaint, and some forms of permission from the onwer.... 




 DTO looks interesting, could I get a steam key please? 




 If you die you get permanent banned and need to buy new copy of the game 




 Real men eat tuna with more tuna. 




 No one is suggesting punishment... just fair gameplay. 




 I guarantee you this will be a wakeup call for the family, and they will be much more careful. Sometimes this is what it takes. 

Taking guns away isn't the solution... 




 Verbal agreement....

Any proof of him owning the machine? Proof it was disposed of by the new tenant?  




 Personally, I find myself playing legacy more than default. I find that legacy had better gameplay when it came to raiding, and overall just playing. 

Although the map isn't particularly as good, or as good looking, I still enjoy it because it has a special feel to it that I can't describe. 

Which branch do you prefer? Why? 




 Should we tell them? 




 If you struggle with reading, don't post your opinion, you look like a fool.  




 The gun wouldn't be likely to jam if it is in good condition, which it should be if you don't attack others with it...

This would discourage players from starting fights, and victims would be encouraged to attempt to retreat rather than go Rambo  




 I feel like people just look for things to be upset by. It was clearly a joke, and they weren't advocating selling puppies online. 









 She got a whole mag of justice 




 But they are perfectly fine with tracking millions of license plates... 




 Why don't we in America execute rapists that have been convicted with solid evidence? 




 Don't ever put your exercise in mfp... 














 Your two team suggestion would make it worse.... whoever writes the code should be fixing the bugs in that code. That is the most logical and efficient way to do it. Otherwise the developer responsible for fixing the bugs has to figure out what the first dev wrote and why.

Games are harder to develop than you think. Yes it's extremely disappointing, but that's life.
 




 How about f2p servers, and subscription servers?  




 High killstreaks are highly situational at this point... I don't fly a2g as much as I used to 6monyhs back... but it's not easy to snag a kills or 2 before having to retreat. Besides... you play on Miller hahaha 




 Do you even fly? 




 Lol, what ground farm? Ground farm has been gone for months.... maybe an esf will get lucky and fins a 6v6 to farm until they realize that one person with flak can scare off/kill the esf....

People will bitch about esf being OP but for some odd reason they aren't flying them.... because they are UP.  




