 Freaks and Geeks. I watched it as a kid when it aired and identified with the geeks and watching it now I identify with the Freaks. Someday I'll watch it and identify with the parents. It's a great show that has lasting power and something for all generations.  




 I loved Repilot. The ending was alright for season 5. Personally though, season 5 is my 2nd favorite  season 




 Well, Season 6 is my least favorite but 7 and 8 are just ok. They moved on from the movie business part of it in favor of b-storylines with the other characters. Season 5 (my favorite season) is the last time until the movie that we see really what goes on behind the scenes of making a movie 




 I actually thought it was great. The cameos were plentiful for sure but most never took up more time than needed. I liked Ronda Rousey (although you are right, she is not great at acting). For me, I always loved the characters but the last few seasons missed what I personally loved about the show, the behind the scenes of getting a movie made. This movie brought that back and I really enjoyed it more than seasons 6-8. Yea, it didn't have a whole lot of heart but what it did was well done (Johnny's arc in particular). The connection of Vince's troubles is shown slightly in the Piers Morgan show but it doesn't weigh on that because there is not enough time. That would only fit in in the series and if it were in the movie, it would have been even more "crammed" as you said. This movie is a glimpse into the end stages of a movie and being that we know the characters and can't follow the entire production, we are caught up pretty well. 

I never felt that it was to crammed or half assed but that's just my opinion.  




 People, stop trying to relive the glory days. Community has evolved. I wouldn't want them to turn back.  




 Its an app to watch Ultraviolet digital copies and story your library. It works with Chromecast as well. And its an all in one app, it has trailers, info, rotten tomatoes scores and your personal ratings.  




 Blu-Ray on the big screen with surround. Also rent on the google play store and use the chromecast on the big screen. And streaming services, Netflix, Flixster, HBOGo 




 Link Me: UpTo Calendar 




 Frank hit the jackpot! 




 I think there were some good episodes but mostly not as good ones. But really the finale of season 4 jumped the shark with doing Paintball again and saying they found a way to make paintball cool again but it was totally lame and super forced. But like I said, that was fixed in season 5 




 I don't expect them to not talk about it. But there are many die hard fans like myself that can't do that. All I ask is to use the spoiler tag and not put the spoiler in the title of the post. That's not asking much. 

And I do wish Yahoo released episodes like normal TV time slots. 7pm or whatever to give everyone a fair chance to see it before it's spoiled.  




 All of season 4, but they reversed it in repilot and all was well 




 No need to take it like that. I merely meant, don't spoil anything for people who have not seen it. I'm certain I am not the only person who had to wait until after work to watch it because I can't stay up until 3. I created a multireddit that had every subreddit I subscribe to except Community just for Tuesdays because the first few weeks I had a bunch of stuff spoiled. And going back through the community subreddit each day after I watched it, I noticed a ton of posts that would have spoiled stuff. 

But yes, on a personal level, I did miss out on most of the discussion each week because by the time I watched it, everything had already been discussed.  




 Ha, yea. But still. No new episodes does suck...  




 Not worrying if /r/community will spoil anything from a new episode since they watched it at 3am and are already putting up quotes and discussions all day until I can watch it after work.  




 Same thing here, haha 




 Yea, I don't mean to cut down the show at all. If it wasn't good, I wouldn't spend the time to get caught up for the next season.  




 Not saying that you are false. But either way, we got a season 6 because of them and they could have easily not done it.  




 Sorry, by the time I got to this thread, it had a spoiler tag. Must have been added after your comment 




 And so it is delivered my favorite Pierce line "Jeff, i think your shirt is trying to get out of your pants". So subtle but i laugh every time. 




 I dont know if this counts dramedies but Shameless and Better Call Saul would be mine 




 I love the show but every season so far I've gotten like 3 episodes behind and just end up binging the rest of the season once it's all done. It's well acted and intriguing but falls by the wayside in favor of other shows until I have time. This season I even told myself I wouldn't let it happen... But it did.  




 Upvote for awesome show AND ballsy but awesome username 




 Maybe you should get an app that doesn't automatically show the body of the post. Even if a post's title says "Spoilers", the body always says said spoilers 




 Start at "Fast   Furious". That's the fourth movie. That is where the storyline picks back up with the original cast. Then go in order "Fast Five", "Fast   Furious 6". Then watch "The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift" because chronologically, that's where it belongs and it's actually pretty good. Then "Furious 7". 




 The only other one was Hulu but talks fell through because it was too expensive. The contracts for the cast were expiring the day after Yahoo announced the Pick up. No Yahoo, no season 6. 




 Considering that board is from 2 years ago and in this case "Ham" isn't replacing "Damn" and it's not even for Chang's character... I'd say no.  




 By that logic, NBC owed us a proper ending. And we don't "deserve" anything. We are incredibly lucky to have had 6 seasons of this show that could have been canceled after 1 season. It's very arrogant for us fans to say they owe us and we deserve this. Yahoo gave us a season 6, they did not need it. They have a well received concert series and could bought any other recently cancelled show that has a following. 




 They could have bought any other recently cancelled show that has a following. Even ones that supposedly had more viewership than Community. Yes, we brought attention to Yahoo Screen but so did their concert series (which is how I first heard of it) and a ton of us ungratefully bitched about issues using Yahoo Screen.  




 I saw it again this weekend (saw an Advanced Screening and my brother wanted to go this weekend). I was a big fan of the Entourage TV series (especially seasons 1-5) and really enjoyed the movie. I just hope more people go see it.  




 "I Love You, Man". It's just a great movie that has a super funny cast 




 I had never seen a Mad Max movie before but was convinced to by Reddit. I didnt hate, just didnt think it was perfect like most on here. Anyway, it was just a joke. I didn't mean to hijack this thread. 




 I know there is... I just had to be a smart ass because it's not much of a plot.  




 It only made $3 mil less than expected in the opening weekend. WB never expected it to be the next big blockbuster. They should be able to recoupe the 27 mil budget and hopefully make money 




 Mad Max: Fury Road with a movie that has plot 




 They kinda gave us another season when the show was cancelled. No Yahoo, no season 6. 




 The creators have said that Holt and Gina will not be at the 99 but will still be on the show and will explore their new jobs 




 https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=pearl+harbor+trailer+%231 




 No, because the difference is that he was playing William Hartnell. He was only playing The 1st Doctor as Hartnell and none of it was featuring new story. Only re-creation of Hartnell's stories in a biopic. If he were playing a new Doctor in a new story or even the 1st Doctor in a new story, then yes. But that is not the case.  




 I love this show. It's one of my favorite shows of all time and I've been with it since the pilot aired. We lived through Cancelation threats, hiatuses, major staff changes, character departures, actual Cancelation and renewal once again. Throughout all of this Community defied all odds and was consistently great (besides season 4 of which we know why). And we beat Cancelation... We won. We got 6 seasons of this incredible show. That should be enough for us fans especially considering the continuous quality that is difficult to maintain for most long running shows. 

Having said that, I will definitely watch it if there is more but I am finally ok with it ending.  




 Season 5 was my 2nd favorite season (behind season 2) and Season 6 was better than season 1 and 4 for me.  




 I like 5 and 6 more than i like season 1. 




 It's not a perfect finale but I thought it was good. I enjoyed it as an episode. Anyway, watch Season 7 of Curb Your Enthusiasm if you want to get a partially new episode of Seinfeld. The storyline is that Larry David (starring in Curb as fictionalized version of himself/creator of Seinfeld) decides to do a Seinfeld reunion episode. The entire season has all of the meetings with the cast and crew, table reads, writing, dress rehearsals, and footage of the "reunion episode". It's pretty cool 




 They made reference in season 6. Frankie says "I keep emailing the IT Lady but they keep getting bounced back to me". Since she is both Frankie and the IT Lady. 

Also, no offense, but the season 5 episode with Paget Brewster aired over a year ago and the episode referenced in season 6 was a couple months ago now. With how quick some Community fans are, it's safe to assume that anything found months after the episode would have been posted.  




 They should really just rename this sub /r/MadMaxandsomeothermovies 




 Just so you are aware, Season 6 of Community is on Yahoo Screen. Just finished last week. 




 Nope, they just finally took advantage of being on the Internet and not network TV.  




 You got me there, but most of them are terrible and forced. And that type of finale is not right for Community 




 Haha!  




 Your description of what you wanted for a finale is exactly what happened. "The future will be uncertain, but we'll keep in touch and get through it together with the community we built". That explains exactly what happened. You only see it as a lazy writer deal because you personally know that they purposefully left it open. But you take that out of it and it is a well written finale that yes, has a opening for more, but also serves as a very good series finale and is Community at its best. Hilarious, sad, thought provoking, incredibly meta, and when you get down to it, about the characters. 

As for the potential comment, I see what you mean now. I thought you meant the entire series initially. But I also disagree with you that seasons 5 and 6 were anything less than strong even though we have lost great characters. But that's just our differing opinions.  




 Oh, ok. Cool 




 He actually wasn't an issue for me. I've always liked Topher Grace 




 I haven't seen it so I don't know if that is a diss. But I've seen him in Friday Night Lights and he was very good 




 That is a movie I would watch 




 That feels so right.  




 That "someone else" exists. Their name is Sony. They forced things into the movie that Sam Raimi did not want to do 




 The finales that wrap everything up are the most unrealistic and worst finales. It was meant to feel teasing for the viewer and for the characters. The uncertainty of the end is what made us fans a Community and now it's the thing that they end on. That's amazing to me. I think this was a very good season (not lackluster) and to say the show never realized it's full potential is unreal. It's one of the best shows I've ever seen. 

And you say you don't like that the end did not fully wrap everything up but you want more?  




 I started watching when the pilot aired. I started watching the show because Chevy Chase was back on TV but I stayed for all of the characters and the witty writing. I knew right away that I liked the show and as the first season went along, it started to show signs of the amazing writing of Dan Harmon and crew. The first episode that led up to Paintball was the Chicken Fingers episode. That was the first true concept ep. When paintball came, by that point I was in love with the show. I knew it was coming from the promos but until I actually saw it, I had no idea how good it would be and in that way, it blew me away. 

I only joined Reddit a year ago so I was kind of on an island for awhile since no one I knew watched it.  




 Because it shouldn't be an issue. He is a really good actor and got a good role. End of story.  




 Maybe... Probably... Maybe. 

That was an incredible episode. Amazing season finale and perfect series finale if that is in fact it. 

Also, loved the f-bombs 




 There were parts that I liked and I wanted to love the movie but just couldn't 




 No problem. Just thought it was funny. But you may be right. Unless he met Pavel first?  




 Spider-Man 3. It had so much hype coming off of Spider-Man 2 and it was before I read reviews or anything so my expectations were so high. The entire movie I was fighting with myself trying to think it's good but then the emo dancing douchey Peter Parker just absolutely made me go "This sucks". I was so incredibly disappointed 




 Seriously.../u/Masri788 watched six seasons and thought it was Geoff Winger?  




 Nope, I just watched it a few days ago again and really enjoyed it.  




 Due to low ratings on NBC, the creator/showrunner Dan Harmon and Chris McKenna were fired. They hired two others who tried their best with the writers and cast to replicate Community but what we got was a empty shell. It looked like Community and sometimes felt like it, but mostly it was just trying too hard to be Community.

Dan and Chris were hired back for season 5 and 6 and it is very noticeable. Seasons 5 and 6 are great. You could skip 4 but id say just stick it out. 




 Holy Shit! Was he? I'll have to rewatch 




 More. They projected $12-15 mil initially for the whole weekend. Then  updated it to $20 mil. Now it could be more if it has staying power through the weekend 




 Magnitude was in an episode but he never said "Pop Pop"  




 You are the winner for best reference of the day... Incredible 




 /r/MadMax 




 Having thought about it the last few days since someone first brought it up just before the finale. I initially said, if Dan Harmon is doing it, I'd watch it. But two things dawned on me. First, Dan would never do it. Second, I'd much rather see Dan Harmon write a brand new show with a whole different concept just with the same humor. It's time to let go. 




 I just had never seen a Alien movie before. I finally watched Alien, Aliens, and Prometheus and loved them. 

But I can see how hype would kill it.  




 Didn't know that. Interesting 




 Yea, we were lucky to get him in season 5 




 Yea, it gets a lot of flack for not having a point. The point is that it's a reason to get these funny people together. Best movie ever? No. But it's entertaining for sure 




 I'm pretty sure most people liked American Hustle. As did I 




 I only just recently saw it and really enjoyed it. Didn't know most people hated it 




 Absolutely! As someone else said, it starts slow but really gets good 




 Jesus did 




 According to Pierce, its an original song 




 Gay Dean 




 1. Modern Espionage
2. Emotional Consequences of Broadcast Television
3. Basic RV Repair and Palmistry
4. Basic Crisis Room Decorum
5. Wedding Videography 
6. Intro to Recycled Cinema 
7. Grifting 101
8. Basic Email Security
9. Queer Studies and Advanced Waxing
10. Advanced Safety Features
11. Ladders
12. Laws of Robotics and Party Rights
13. Lawnmower Maintenance and Postnatal Care
 




 We're the Millers 




 That was a good read!  




 Hey, no problem. Ha, enjoy!  




 Love both of them. I liked Hickey because Jonathan Banks is awesome but these two ended up fitting in so well.  




 If you want the glory days, rewatch the other seasons. This season, although not the best season, really was excellent and still had the Community humor I love. It's not supposed to leave you with the "Good Ol Times" feeling. The show changed, it went through many major changes and dealt with them in the most Community way. If you don't like it, fine. But to say it's "not Community" is way off base. 

And I never found Elroy or Frankie to be that much quirkier than the rest of the group nor were they forced. They fell naturally into the group and they didn't spend too much time focused on their characters. Yet they developed them slowly throughout the season 




 Entourage was so good seasons 1-5 and then just left all of the behind the scenes of making movies and went all about b-storylines. The movie is great though.  




 It has never been on US Netflix instant. But seasons 1-5 have always been on Hulu 




 There is a thing called the Internet. And, although I starting watching when the pilot first aired, I survived 4 and a half seasons before joining Reddit. Since joining, there has rarely been a moment of the show that I missed a joke or reference. I've seen the Harmontown movie but never listened to the podcast. I have however read many many articles and follow his rants on social media. Which all will exist after the fact.

I think future Community fans will be fine. Sure, they won't quite have the huge moments of joy (renewals and new instant classic episodes) and low points (delays, Cancelation threats, Dan and Chris fired, actual cancelation) but that history exists on the Internet. And anyone who finds this show and loves it, will search out the story behind it 




 If at all possible, IMAX 2D. If not, regular 2D then IMAX 3D 




 That is exactly what I said 




 Jurassic Park and Jurassic World both take place on Isla Nublar. Jurassic Park: The Lost World and Jurassic Park III take place on the 2nd island, Isla Sorna. I think there may be references to them but you should be fine only having seen the first 




 If they do it, he has to play the same character from the Jump Street movies 




 I have made peace finally that that might be it. It was perfect. Having said that, I would absolutely love more Community if they can continue the quality and keep the cast 




 Good luck getting him, but yes, that would be awesome!  




 I liked it but didn't love it. It felt like it dragged a little bit. But the cast was great and it was a solid first direction by Joseph Gordon Levitt 




 Totally agree 




 I saw the movie but also am a big fan of the series. I would say you will be ok, you'll miss out on some of the relationships between characters and inside humor but overall you will be good. And it is a good movie 




 Yup, that was one of the reasons I starting watching and I'm glad I did. It has Jeff from Curb Your Enthusiasm, Young JB from Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny, and Rita from Bridesmaids 




 Step back from the ledge, it's still entirely possible we get another season or the movie. Even if not, was that not the most perfect ending you could have asked for?  




