 You beat me to this. Took the same pic today. 




 And? 




 Your grandpa wasn't a very smart man was he? 




 That it actually started 




 Not a chance 




 Downvote 




 An idea in itself is not very useful. Start by having a prototype developed -- use household materials or hire a CAD designer (have them sign an NDA first) and have a rapid prototype created. 




 This could be blackmail 




 Well, look who's a little honey boy 




 Let me hop in my time machine 









 Hey, the next time you're at the checkout counter and you hear the beep... 









 Whoever smelt it, dealt it. 




 An extra...two-hundred-and-fifty dollars! 









 Next time book way in advance if possible. Rooms are usually more reasonable if booked earlier. 









 Reddit Gold 




 Cart Wheels 




 Slap Chop, Sham-Wow, anything from Vince Offer 




 Pretty much all the "add-ons" sold at a car dealership 




 Your clothing line sucks! 




 That Game Boy is dirtier than a toilet 




 It's an open ended question. No specific requirements, just looking for any recommendations 




 Not very encouraging 




 Might be useful for a hobby/side project, but not in an enterprise production environment.  




 Performance 




 How do you "lose when you sell"? 









 Liar 




 Mmm...carrageenan 




 For how long? 




 All student loans? 









 Wow...just Sham-wow 




 It helps you read gooder 














 It takes a special type of introvert to do tech support. 




 Life was great until, misused commas 









 Ever try a cleaning service? 




 Like posting to Reddit 




 *nods without saying anything* 














 If I wore an eye patch and said "Rrrrrrr" 




 Wouldn't have opened this thread 




 Ask me again later 




 Sha-poopy 




 Looks sure get better with age 




 Can anyone name an app worth 99 cents? 




 Reading this question on a Friday night 




 Your butt 




 Not terribly concerned about it at this stage in life 




 Right here where it is now 




 or don't use bank machines at all. You'll get some time back, too (double bonus). 




 Now I know why I only get 2 mpg 




 This is great...if you don't own a credit card 




 Because toilet paper is a big chunk of one's budget 




