




 People who torture animals.   




 Republican ideas and philosophies. I do like a lot of people that are conservative, but I really resent their political view.  I just will not talk politics with them and everything is alright. 





























 I quit two years ago and I have almost two years of recovery.  Being a recovered alcoholic takes a lot of time and energy because you have to invest a lot of time into maintaining your recovery and make sure that you do not fall back into alcoholic behavior which is a precursor to relapse.  I go to about three to four meetings a week, participate in twelve-step service commitments, and also attend a Unitarian Universialist church to work the spiritual portion of my program.  

You can do it on willpower but if you are doing that, I would live in a sober living at least for the first year.  If you go the twelve-step route, you will a better shot of recovery as long you can accept a program of self-improvement to deal with your drinking and have some form of spirituality (which does not require a belief in God unlike a lot of people in AA will tell you).  You also should to attend some sort of rehab program (inpatient) as well.  If your insurance does not accept inpatient programs, than I will check the providers that the drug courts use for their clients because usually their rehab costs are usually 75%-85% cheaper than most inpatient programs that the insurance companies pay for.  



































































































































































































































































 That thing has been eyesore on my bus ride on OCTA Route No. 56 (which I take at least a few times a week) ever since I moved to the Santa Ana, CA in 2012.  I always wonder what the backstory on that building is and now I know. 

































































































































 That is why it is so hard to convience a Congress person to vote against a defense spending bill because it is a gravy train for local economies that depend on Defense. And I was part of the gravy train until I drank myself out of my job. 




 Defense spending is a really a jobs bill for local politicians.  Except the goods go to the military instead directly to the people. 
































































































































































































































































































































































































 The only problem that I do not like about the tax law is that it will cause a distortion in accounting for financial earnings and tax accounting.   DOA with me.  It fails to properly account for the recapture the cost of the asset over the useful of the life asset. It also "creative accounting" allowing the companies to have higher profits for Wall Street than actual profits that they when it is reported to the IRS.  Again, creative accounting. 





















































































































































