 Recently I met an ESTJ and I cant believe how much they enjoy conflict. Whereas me I cant stand it one bit! 
I felt a bit immature that I am incapable of dealing with constant conflict until I realized that our personality type doesnt like conflicts. 

Dont get me wrong when faced with a conflict I usually try to calm it down but I dont want to be in a relationship where I have to constantly douse a fire. 




 Because back then firefox used up alot of memory 




 Divorce is and was acceptable in biblical times. Not for it.
And Whose for adultery? 

 




 nope but at least its somewhat of a saving. i actually read the conversion wrong lol so fail on me. 




 Anyone else buying up flight sim addons because of the low dollar to euro price conversion? 




 I still believe that the Land we live in should abide but moral laws that are built in the Bible.
(don't take it out of context) 




  Gay Marriage has been legalized in PA.

dammit! 




 Its a tough call but I think we have to look beyond just faith when it comes to elections. See what their agenda truly is.

I used to always vote by faith which usually resulted in a Republican party. But considering how the repubs of my state never cared for the city of philadelphia school district. Ive decided to switch to democrat. (i hope this was a good idea because partly i debate that wow maybe the school district might improve but at the same time gay marriage could be legalized, yikes!) 




 What can be done to improve the School District of Philadelphia? If the way the district is now then I have no reason to stay in Philadelphia in the upcoming years. 

Why isnt our local, state or federal govt doing more?

And more imp why are we doing anything more about it? 




 Obama is going to need a break after all these visits 




 Yea i understand that. And guess what both types are very stubborn. So i think if were both on the same page then its a good thing otherwise we will hate each others guts. And since istj dont speak up well we get the short hand of the stick. And as a guy that just doesnt fly. Lol. 




 I don't network. :/ 




 Lol my mom also kept me as a herbit so i dont get assimilated to the american system. Its amazing thar I have any american friends as i do (and im thankful that i do -- prefer them over indians any day). 




 As an immigrated indian who has lived here for roughly 20 yrs... Let me say that i can understand where they are coming from. Because i feel like that now too cause cause india is alot better now and well whats the real point of living here if ur culture gets thrown out the water in a few decades.  




 Something similar happened to me too. I was really excited to see this one girl. But when i went to their house for a proposal i found out that she is a younger girl and not the one we were originally there for. I was disappointed to say the least. Might come off as a jerk but hey this is how our culture has raised us up. Dont blame us. 




 nice. seems like you guys match well with introverted-intuitive people. cool. 




 Maybe and u guys are as cold as ice. Lol but obviously theres someone out there who can work with that. I was just disappointed that i couldnt but its probably for the better. 




 Im in the same boat.  




 As a guy this is so true. Lol what the heck is wrong with us! 




 I'll add that I'm being serious as I am curious to know who would match well. 




 I met an ESTJ a month or so go and as an ISTJ she was just very hard to deal with. I enjoyed talking to her but she was very stubborn and down right rude and disrespectful. Granted she was much wiser than me in alot of things and in areas she wasnt she just played it off as if it didnt matter (ugh!).
Lol anyway my question to you is who the heck would marry one of u and actually be happy? 




 Me too. I rather read the scripture to get the concepts in my head than care about its linguistics. 

NLT, easy to read, yet retaining what the Bible wants to get across. (Now if only I could stay focused) 




 Cool I can finally chime in on something.

So I grew up with a similar mentality.
There is "one" girl out there for you. And you both need to find each other. 
I need to follow Gods will.
Letting Love dictate everything. 

There isnt just one girl. There is one of many girls. Meaning you will find another. 
Finding Gods will is not through superstitious signs but through applying and understanding Gods scripture. 
Love is a feeling that dies out when life hits the wall. Its a great feeling but you need to move beyond that.

That said what happened to you was that you guys probably moved too fast. Marriage requires work in the long run, not necessarily perfection from the get go.

She seems similar to you and matches you probably well (im going off what ur saying, u have the final say). But she has a lot to mature in and so do you. 

Its true that you both broke up but if you love her then be friends with her and work it out for the long run. Right now focus on being a friend/helper in helping her grow emotionally. She has some fears, anxieties that need to be worked on. So be there for her. She will see that you care for her and will be more willing to work it out in the long run. But if she doesnt then at least u helped her, right? 



 




 now i can finally know where that darn stud behind my dry wall is 




 I highly recommend this advice! 
Get away from your parents nest and learn to live on your own. This will help create a safe boundary from your Indian parents and help you get along with new people because you will be forced to (roommates, etc). Take that from someone who is about to turn 28 and wishes he had done that so that he wouldnt be pressured to go to India for arranged marriage.

And honestly alot of us Indian immigrant kids are in this boat. We really have a hard time fitting in with the American culture. Mainly because of pressures from our parents, our own prejudices and upbringing.

I kid you not but im debating if I even belong in US anymore or should I go back to India. Because my parents keep us in 1995 india (the yr we came to america).

As far as making friends, it will be way easier to be friends with asian cultures or middle eastern. They can relate to us alot better. But i think making white friends is necessary because they have a charm and understanding of America that no one else has. And its one that Indians need to embrace. 




 lucky guy 




 Aww 3 where do I find one of you! 




 Ibis White for the win! 




 Sweet. I needed an emergency groom kit for work when you know some exec comes in and i havent groomed up for the day. 




 didnt realize how many philadelphians were no reddit @_meganlomaniac_

just went to a recent 76ers game against cleveland. first home game win so it wasnt too bad. :) 




 Just went through this... and am still confused.

1) A variation of how religious are you?
2) Talk about something that's on her bio-data. Like education, job, etc.
3) What are your hobbies?
4) what kind of music/movies/etc do you like?
5) If she is coming to US/uk etc find out what she knows about how to get a job there, etc.

Mainly try to gauge her personality as much as you can. See if its compatible with you. 

As a guy that came from US to India for this. Let me just say that make sure you're ready for an arranged marriage. Meaning saying Yes to whoever and making it work rather than looking for someone thats completely compatible with you. I had no idea going in that in an arranged marriage you can have total opposite personalities and each partner makes it work. Its noble but from a US standpoint thats one of the dangerous things you can do. So my advice is that either go in with that intent or better yet take your time to see if you are happy with that person by seeing if you are compatible, can compromise on arguments, etc. best of luck. im still trying to figure all of this out!. 




 India has produced good tv shows back in the day. 
Tarak mehta, office office, flop show, etc. 
I hv been living in the US since 95 and recently bought Indian tv package. I was shocked by the # of saas bahu shows. And the comedy shows on SAB were pathetic. And the Indian news channels, its constant yelling of panel guests. Needless to say we stopped getting Indian channels.  




 It does help but it takes time. I have been going for about a year now and I still have a long way to go it seems. 

I highly recommend going to it if you are stressed. Medicine is an option but I would highly encourage trying therapy first. 

Therapy is def. stigmatized in our community but honestly our community needs it more now than ever. And honestly. I think its a sign of maturity that someone is willing to go to therapy and take care of themselves. Our parents generation would have been way better off if they had went to therapy rather than sticking it through.

If you want to talk about any of this then shoot me a message. If anything I can just help you relate, I know I wouldn't mind sharing my issues to you.  




 It will just be another saas-bahu show. I guarantee it! 




 Thanks for that insight.  




 Hey man. Id also recommend the advice to go seek a counselor. I did that this year and it helped me alot in understanding whats going on emotionally. I wish I could tell you that I was able to have all the strength to be assertive against them but I dont, not yet. 

My recommendation to you is that I am glad you are seeing this at your current age. You still have your whole life ahead of you so right now is a great time to make a plan. 

For example, moving out and living on your own is the easiest way to help you get to where you want to be. By moving out you will be able to associate with american friends and share their hobbies and culture. And being away from your parents will keep you from being psychologically down/depressed. So how do you go about doing that is on you. If you cant afford that now then do it after college. But if you can do it now then do it! Your parents will def. give you a hard time and belittle you but walk into that conversation with a mental shield so that whatever they say you throw it out of your mind. You do this by sticking to "i am moving out to improve my identity and my future", etc. 

Best of luck. Im 27 right now and looking back at it I wish I had just moved out of home right after college. Right now I am being pressured to get married via arranged marriage. And its not fun... 




 Ooh burn 




 So best time to buy oil futures would be now? Or when it hits $70 




 He actually climbed up that high? Man... 




 Comcast Sucks 




 Find a Brook Brothers outlet store. Pick a black and/or grey suit. Get it tailored. And thats it. You're done. Or if you can spend more than 400 then go to a retail brooks brothers store, but beware those suits can cost 900. But honestly the best suits ever. 




 I've had it for a few years and honestly I would recommend against it. What they cover is usually minor fixes which would have been better to pay in cash rather than having a couple of thousand dollars worth of warranty. So my advice would be against it and just have a "car breakdown fund" 




 i dont have to.. but i might... but if you love audis then go for it. but your parents are right about investing for a house rather than a car.  




 Dont do it. Audis require alot of maintenance. And it doesnt cost cheap. 
But they are fun to drive. So like others have suggested... Get a b5, b6 and play around with it. Or better yet stick to your honda.

Honestly, im thinking about making the opposite switch to Honda just because I'm not sure if it makes sense for me to own an Audi anymore. I'm in the low 80k and stupid issues are popping up. But we'll see... I love the car too much to let it go but like i said better to get rid of her now while I can still get some money back. 




 I think you nailed everything I needed to know about the Sq5. Good job! Now bigger question... Why do u have michigan license plates in cali? 




