 Well, being debt free, plus freeing up cash flow for other uses, namely further investments (we want to purchase a vacation house) and opening a 529. Getting back that 1300 a month is equivalent to us getting an extra paycheck each month. 




 This is where we are currently leaning. 

I have considered pausing the investing, but my portfolio has significantly outperformed my interest rates the past few years so I am slightly hesitant to do so. Still, getting the loan paid off sooner than later is a good thing. 




 ...why? 









 Yup - it was a keybank alternative loan received during 2002-2007, which was then sold off to great lakes. They're bound to some index (sadly their website changed and I can't find the exact terms) but it is capped at 3.5%. 




 Hey everyone.

Yearly, my wife and I bring in the following (gross):

* Me: $81k/yr
* Wife: $65k/yr

My wife and I have two outstanding debts:

* A home mortgage with $154k remaining at 4.125% (fixed), minimum payment of $1380/mo. We are focusing on this loan, and are paying an extra $700/mo on it
* A private student loan with $51k remaining at 3.170% (variable but capped at 3.5%) with minimum payment of $557/mo

Given the relatively low interest rates on each, I have also been investing.

* $70/mo into VPAIX (we are over the 25% tax level)
* $230/mo split across a diversified investment portfolio (EWX, PID, SCHA, SCHM, VNQ, VONV, VOOG)
* ~$200/mo into a company ESPP (15% discount off ticker price of first or last day of fiscal quarter, whichever is lower)
* $28/mo into I-series treasury bonds (don't laugh :) )

I am not including 401k/403b/pension payments here. We both are contributing the max matched amount our employers allow, and I add about $150 extra a month to a roth 401k.

So, my real question is, given the amounts we are contributing, loan payoff calculators show an estimated debt-free date of Oct 2022 using Avalanche, with $31k total interest. Using snowball, I AGAIN see Oct 2022 but with $32k of total interest. Other than ~$1k interest, the only real difference is that with snowball I get back the additional $557/mo from the smaller loan by the end of 2018. Having the extra cashflow every month would be useful. That would be nice, especially since the wife and I are starting to discuss kids and by that time we'd be looking at daycare costs, clothing, etc. The cashflow would be nice - nice enough that I think I'd be willing to pay the extra 1k/mo for flexibility. Getting rid of investing entirely in the meantime would at best change the "debt free" date by approximately 1 year.

Note that this does not include any windfalls; tax returns usually are around $6k/yr for us (this should shrink as interest goes down), I get a yearly bonus of about $4k, etc, so the date will likely be sooner. Usually this all gets pointed at loans or large purchases (if we have them). It also does not include yearly cost of living wage increases. Any wage increase we get we have been directing at paying off loans.

I just want to get some feedback from other folks about how they'd handle this situation. Given the possibility of a kid in the next year or two, is it better to eat the extra ~$1k of interest and go for a snowball approach and free up that student loan cash flow in 2-3 years? $557/mo is about 5/8ths of the cost of daycare in our area. Or should I let the math guide me and stick with an avalanche approach and not get back ANY additional cashflow until the early 2020s? 




 My personal favorite is french onion soup. Grab a bag of onions, slice thin, sweat covered with butter for about 20 mins (looking for soft), add some salt and sugar and  turn up heat to medium/medium high. Brown the onions until they are a dark brown, stirring frequently. Add 6 cups beef stock (or 4 cups beef and 2 chicken) along with 1 cup of a sweet wine (I use cream sherry).

Serve over toasts that have been topped with a good melting cheese.

Delicious, and most importantly cheap to make. 




 Flanders = Flemish 




 OP, meet bitTorrent.
BitTorrent, meet OP.

It sounds like the start of a wonderful relationship. 




 A pigs shoulder is called a pork butt/boston butt.

The actual pig hind quarters is referred to as ham. 




 Theres also a possibility that he is more interested in long term investor interest than traders. Long term folks realize this is still an infant niche. 




 I honestly prefer Athenian style democracy. National congress is composed of people drawn at random from the roster of eligible voters from each state. Serving is mandatory, and you are paid. If you do a horrible job, you can be punished up to and including execution.

It isn't very likely. I'm sure freedom and liberty loving 'Murikans would call it socialism. 




 Only if his skin color is darker than almond, though. 




 I appreciate your input, but I'm still beginning. This is side study in tandem with classical guitar training. Since classical doesn't have any of the boxes right now, I actually want to familiarize myself with them. 




 Hey everyone. I am learning through the Am pentatonic now, and was wondering if there are any good exercises to train my hands to better jump around inside the scale? Playing directly up and down isn't much of an issue, but when I try to skip every other note or every two notes I find I really quickly get confused and lock up. 




 Albinoblacksheep, duh ;) 




 Hello everyone! I am looking to build a hydroponics system inexpensively. I am completely new to this, but I want to teach myself and building from scratch is usually the best way I learn.

I've found several videos on youtube that have some interesting methods, so  that is what I'm planning on using.

As a reservoir, a clean recycled food service 5/10 gallon bucket with lid.
For the main growing area, plastic posts (I haven't found out exactly which ones to get)
Grow cups and medium

The best pump I can afford (still haven't determined size)

[A multi shelf steel storage unit from Lowes](http://www.lowes.com/pd_319468-1281-MR4824WGB_0__?productId=3529780)

PVC piping and bulkheads to connect fog modules to posts, and to reservoir

Plastic post (I'm still not certain where to source this)

A fogger

Flourescent lights (cheaper than LED and last just about as long) in 6500k and 2000-3000k colors

Nutrients (obviously)

Essential design would be the same shown in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brvJ2fGXusU, with one unit for each of 2-3 shelves. One shelf would be under each color of light, with another light and setup on the 3rd shelf for mother plants.

Goal is to have several types of lettuce, herbs, some trainable heirloom tomatoes, peppers, Acmella oleracea (toothache plant), and maybe some kind of fruit. The plan would be to take clones from mother plants and plant under the vegetative lights for a bit (or permanently in the case of herbs and lettuces), and then transition to bloom for the flowers/fruiting plants. 

Is there anything I can do better with this design? I would love to go with LEDs but the cost is absurdly high. Eventually I would love to hook this up to a solar system so it can be powered entirely off the grid. 




 I have it allocated elsewhere as well - the bond fund makes up about 14% of my 401k portfolio. To my knowledge it is the only fee.... checking the prospectus the fee schedule is 0.0446% 




 Hey everyone. This bond fund is the only bond fund made available in my 401k program. However, there is a quarterly "recordkeeping fee" that is applied, and I'm seriously concerned about what that fee will add up to over time.

This fee has doubled from 4 dollars a quarter to 8 dollars a quarter, and I have a total of 7k invested. That means i'm losing about .4% to fees every year. My yearly performance is somewhere in the 1.6% ROI, so that seems like I'm losing a LOT and not getting bang for my buck to keep up with it.

Is anyone familiar with this fund? Is it a garbage product like it seems? 




 Well, my best advice in the meantime is start programming in your free time. You have a computer, and there is a ton of free info out there (Stanford, MIT, and more all have free courses). So try it out. If you have an iPhone or an android phone, try writing an app you think would be useful. Teach yourself.

Hunting down information and methods for doing things is something you'll have to do regularly in programming, so doing it yourself before you're in school is a great way to build those skills.

The reason this is important is if you plan to get a job programming, a lot of places will expect examples of work you've done. From simple stuff like utilities you write to big projects. If you want to work for yourself instead, you need to be the one driving yourself to be at the keyboard programming. 




 FYI, being a super-power-user doesn't equate to being good at computer science, or enjoying it. Do you like puzzles? Specifically logic puzzles? How good are you at breaking down complicated processes into simple steps? How good are you at math? How much do you enjoy doing these things? Enough to do it every day for 12-14 hours a day or more? Since you have a developer dad and spend that much time on computers, have you done any programming?

I'm not trying to dissuade you, I'm someone who was in your position at one point, and I want you to go into a field you're going to be happy with. Programming is not easy, and if you don't have the bug you will burn out.

I started out in computer science, but ended up spending all of my time working on fixing computer issues. Eventually I started to specialize in systems and network engineering, virtualization, linux, and data analytics. It's given me a great career.

Basically, don't think that just because you are on your computer 100% of the time you'll be an amazing programmer or computer scientist. But if computers are where your passion is, don't let that limit you. There's lots of ways to use technology as a career. 




 PLUS most stores will have items reduced for quick sale early in the morning (specifically meat and veggies which will get snatched up fast). 




 Never missed a payment on anything except twice when it was bank error. I've had credit history since I was 16 - my parents got me a cosigned credit card with a $400 limit. I've paid off several credit cards stacks of credit card debt, paid off several car and student loans, now I regularly use credit cards but pay them off monthly. My total debt is a private student loan which is about 5/8ths of what I make in a year, well under my actual assets (not sure if that is counted in FICO or not). Beyond that, I can't think of anything else that I've done.

Our mortgage is in my wife's name - she bought it before we were married and the process to have my name added is a PITA - so I doubt that that factors in to my FICO score.

Only other thing I can think of is that I took out a private loan from a friend to pay off my credit card debt that I had accumulated with high interest cards while i was in college. So that may have been something? Though that is older than 7 years ago at this point. 




 Yeah.. i'm thinking I may take note of the places I frequent the most and verify they take it. If I can cover at least 50% of my usual haunts it may be worthwhile. 




 That is AWESOME! Thank you for the heads up. I had no idea about the purchase guarantee... that alone would be worthwhile for big purchases! 




 Really close to it. I can recall two missed payments, both problems caused by the bank (one was ID theft related, the other was when a credit card number got stolen and used, so the card was shut down and an automatic payment got missed).

My family was terrible with money growing up, so it was a sterling example of what not to do. I also had a lot of promises broken, so when I sign a promissory note it really bothers me to break that promise. Not that I haven't had my share of debts until I figured my stuff out, I just went without to ensure everything always got paid. 




 True, but they are paying fees to the bank, and then the bank pays that to me. Still, a good distinction to make. 




 I know! I currently have 1 card that does 5% back, but only on fuel purchases, and 3% back on food/groceries, and .5% on everything else (Pentagon federal credit union platinum rewards card). 




 Well, not so much mistaken as out of date :) It was an old promo that I've been sitting on for awhile. Sadly it looks like the offer has changed since then. 




 Yeah - it was a very old email I had been sitting on, but it appears the card's terms have changed. They offered 5% back on the amex and 2% back on a VISA, but it appears that the Amex is now only 2% and I can't find the VISA at all. 




 Interesting - you're right. They used to offer an Amex at 5%, and a visa at 1.5-2%, but it looks like the Amex is now only 2% and i can't find the visa at all. I guess I waited too long :( 




 Barclays Bank of Delaware offers free FICO credit scores for credit card customers. Not sure which algo they use though. I just checked in - currently shows a score of 830. 




 Simple - cash back cards give me a 3-5% discount on everything I buy. Or should I pay 3-5% more on everything I buy? 




 Hey everyone. I have been offered an American Express card that offers ~~5~~2% directly deposited into my fidelity money market account. There are no fees, and no minimum spends required. I have two other credit cards atm, one is used mostly for gas, the other used mostly for work expenses or unforseen expenses until I can transfer money from my emergency fund. Both are paid off monthly like clockwork.

Those of you who have amex cards, how useful are they? I know in my area many vendors don't accept amex because of higher fees, but it would be wonderful to have the extra cash for investing. How many or few vendors accept it? Has it been an issue when trying to use the card?

EDIT: Looks like the 5% is a very old offer, the card is now 2% cash back directly into my fidelity account. 




  The Dave Ramsey people would suggest that a "good" fico score means you are well on your way to becoming a lifetime slave to the bank.

I'd have to argue that "good" FICO scores mean that you know how to handle credit responsibly as a tool. Depending which FICO score, mine ranges from 820 to 889. 

I use credit cards for everything, but pay them back at the end of the month in their entirety, enjoying the nice 3-5% cash back that they give me. It effectively is like having a coupon everywhere. I am hardly a "slave to the bank" - rather I am the one getting the bank to pay me.

I've discussed this with Dave Ramsey people and they act like even owning a credit card is the most horrendous thing you can do. The man has many good points, I just wish that some of the folks weren't so dogmatic about what he teaches. They're missing the forest for the trees. Credit cards, loans, mortgages, they're all tools that you can use, you just have to know to use them wisely. 




 Marry me? 




 I have a psych degree, and I am employed as an engineer. I get specialized skills AND bouncy balls! 




 First, /u/alexinawe has excellent advice. I highly recommend you check out the book "The Intelligent Investor" by Benjamin Graham. There is a reason Warren Buffet considers it the bible of investing.

So for your question, what I mean is that shares of stock aren't actually related to the company. I'll do my best to explain (and any corrections from more experienced investors are welcome). I've tried to keep things simple by excluding stuff like order books because they'd just muddy the waters.

Suppose you have Company X, and they are going public. They partner with an investment bank and together they calculate a valuation for the company, let's say $10m. They then determine how many shares should be issued, and what price point they should be sold at initially, let's say 1m shares at $10. The company and the investment bank claim a portion of shares for themselves at a particular price, let's say $1, and also to make good on things like contractual distributions of those shares of stock (these are often referred to as founder shares). This all happens before the IPO, and there are often some restrictions on people within the company to prevent selloffs. Let's say the company claims 500k shares for itself at a cost of $500k.

When the IPO is kicked off, those shares of stock are sold to investors by the investment bank, **not the company itself**, on to the open market starting at the determined IPO price ($10). So, they make money on the difference between the founder price and the IPO price (so, $9 difference times 500k is $4.5m). Then the price will rapidly move higher or lower depending on what the market thinks the shares *should* be worth based on company fundamentals, emotion, whatever. If you buy during that IPO, you are buying the stock from the bank, NOT the company issuing the IPO. If you buy after the IPO, you are buying from another investor, NOT the company issuing the IPO. The company doesn't really have to do anything with the market unless they decide to issue more shares, issue dividends, merge/split, sell shares, or they perform a buyback.

The shares themselves are essentially a pile of chits created by the investment bank and the company. The shares exist outside of the company, the company just happens to own some number of them after paying a bargain price. You can see how much of the stock is owned by the company itself by opening yahoo finance or google finance and seeing how much is institutionally owned.

So, how does the company make money from the IPO? Suppose the market determines that the shares should be worth $50 each instead of $10. When someone buys or sells a share of that stock, the company doesn't see any money from the sale. What they DO see though, is that those initial 500k shares of stock that they reserved are now worth $25m total instead of the $500k that was originally spent for them. THIS is the part that is often misconstrued. When you buy shares of stock, none of that money goes to the company. The only way it really benefits the company is by driving the price of shares a miniscule amount higher (because you've increased demand and decreased the supply on market), which means their shares are now worth a tiny bit more.

This is why things like stock buybacks work. Let's suppose company X has had a great year after their IPO, and their stock is in high demand. They issue a stock buyback for 100k shares (total cost at market value would be 5m, so they are at $20m). The demand hasn't yet changed on shares of their stock, but there are 100k fewer on the market. So the rules of supply and demand dictate that when supply shrinks but demand stays the same, prices will go up. So, the market price goes up to, lets say 60$. Now, because the company owns 600k shares valued at $60 each, the company now has $36m in assets. In addition, share prices have gone up for everyone else who is invested in the company too, so they make a profit as well because of the buyback.

I hope that all makes sense. 




 There are some vehicles that offer that return safely, but they're usually closed end funds and can be a bit of a PITA to evaluate. I am aware of one that offers a 10% annual dividend yield, with monthly payouts. They make their money by options trading on natural resource stocks and bonds. They're not doing great atm because natural resource exploration and mining are down across the board so there's less chance for them to make a profit.

It takes hunting, but you can find them. 




 Not understanding that buying a stock is NOT buying "part of a company" despite what your high school economics teacher told you. 




 There are old mushroom hunters, and bold mushroom hunters. There are no old bold mushroom hunters.
 




 Do all of those police pay into the same union that then funds legal defenses and contributes to political warchests to help ensure their buddies are in power? Yup. They do. 

In fact, find me one record of a police officer refusing to pay union dues until union leaders stop interfering with due process. Remember when they provided a ton of expert testimony to prove that because Eric Garner's head was turned *just a little too far* so it wasn't "technically" a chokehold that kicked off the horriffic events that were to follow and the officer "technically" didn't break official departmental rulings against using chokeholds? Remember when the police union in NY threatened the city with a slowdown in policing - effectively holding the city hostage? Show me ONE example of a cop standing up against this BS. I bet you can't. Find me ONE COP who has stood up and said "fuck this grand jury bullshit, if the guy is innocent, let it be proven in trial."

So instead of all being bad cops, some are bad cops and the rest are bad cop supporters.  




 [Viola?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viola) 




 Sadly they're already leggy (had them next to a southern facing window for a few days until I could get the lamps installed where I needed them). Hopefully they aren't screwed up too bad. Right now I have the light about 1 inch from the tops of the tallest seedlings.

I'll be picking up some 6500k lights this evening to replace what is currently there (4000k cool white lights) 




 Hey everyone. I am in the process of setting up a dedicated plant growing area in my home. I have two goals: first, a dedicated area for starting seeds to be planted in our large outdoor garden, and second, I want to begin growing a plant called "toothache plant" because I feel there is a viable business opportunity.

My big concern is that over the past few years, there are several examples where no-knock warrants are executed because grow-lights are seen using thermal imaging, and in the process people, pets, and more have been shot or killed. This is what I want to avoid.

How can I best avoid this? I don't have anything to hide, but I am genuinely concerned about the well-being of my wife, my dog, and my house. Can I call the police department and invite them for a walkthrough? 




 If you dont play the games, read the books. Geralt is a badass.

Even if you do... read the books anyway. 




 Hey everyone. I have two trays of seedlings started. I moved them under grow lights today (running behind a bit because I had to hunt down a new fluorescent tube). This is my first time using indoor grow lights to get things started.

What light cycle should they be on? 24 hours? 18 on 6 off? 12 on 12 off? Any help would be appreciated! 




 Not quite. Athenian democracy had some pretty powerful tools for the body politic. If your representative (chosen at random from all eligible voters) failed to perform their duties, they could be punished - up to and including death.

It wasn't until the 30 tyrants period that their political system really got screwed up. 




 I though small claims court had a much lower limit than 3k? 




 That said - $3k is likely not enough money to make it worthwhile to go to court. I'd be amazed to see an attorney charge less than that for even 1 day in court plus prep. 




 I heard their periods attract bears! 




 Not all colonials had the same opinions - don't group them all together. [Only about 30% of colonials wanted to leave the empire.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loyalists_fighting_in_the_American_Revolution#The_Loyalists)

And rioting before the revolutionary war began in 1765 with the stamp act, and then later the townshends act of 1767, and finally the coercive act of 1774. All of these saw large amounts of rioting AND looting - enough that impromptu neighborhood watch groups formed out of local artisans and businessmen to try and calm the situation (as mentioned in the below link, Philadelphia saw a group called the "White Oaks" formed).

[The sons of liberty excelled at rallying the angry rioters and using them as a weapon.](https://books.google.com/books?id=QqvIvErLiecC pg=PA40 dq=sons+of+liberty+rioting+looting hl=en sa=X ei=Ut0_VcP9MoLlsASnhYCoAw ved=0CB4Q6AEwAA#v=onepage q=sons%20of%20liberty%20rioting%20looting f=false) 




 Looting happened frequently following the riots of the stamp act. So much so that groups of merchants banded together to police the streets (a group known as the White Oaks). Acting like the only people who rioted were doing so out of noble intentions is historically inaccurate. [The sons of liberty actively cajoled groups of rioters and looters as a means of coercion](https://books.google.com/books?id=QqvIvErLiecC pg=PA40 lpg=PA40 dq=sons+of+liberty+rioting source=bl ots=Jk7fVmTCKV sig=Rqd6O55evoEXLICVVkxjAyqTSZ0 hl=en sa=X ei=PNU_VaytKYiwggSh24HgCA ved=0CFsQ6AEwCQ#v=onepage q=sons%20of%20liberty%20rioting f=false). 




 Where exactly did I defend rioting? 




 It's not in that article, I found it after poking around a bit more. Franklin was an emissary to the crown, so protestors threatened to burn his house down and lynch his wife because not only did Franklin passively approve the stamp tax, but he was petitioning the crown to become a stamp distributor.

http://allthingsliberty.com/2014/02/the-hated-benjamin-franklin/

 "In 1765, the British government, in an effort to raise money to pay off its war debts, imposed the Stamp Act on the American colonists, forcing them to pay a tax on each paper item they used. On September 17, 1765, a number of Philadelphia citizens threatened to attack Deborah Franklin's house, protesting that her politician husband had not fought against the Stamp Act vigorously enough." 

http://www.womenhistoryblog.com/2008/10/deborah-read-franklin.html 




 I have to disagree about it being a major reach.

* In both groups, people rioted, attacked agents of the government, and destroyed private property. They even went so far as to target particular people (SoL attacked loyalists, tax collectors, and local magistrates, current protestors are attacking police).
* In both groups, the protests that led to violence were to protest helplessness at enacting social change to benefit the governed. The colonists couldn't stop taxes, minorities can't stop police from getting special treatment when murdering someone (up to and including DA's doing the exact opposite of their job by acting as defense attorneys in front of grand juries to prevent indictments).
* In both groups, there was not yet a formal declaration of war dividing them (so trying to excuse the actions of the SoL as part of war is invalid as the declaration of independence didn't exist until at least 1773, and wasn't ratified until 1776).
* We hold one group as heroic patriots for destroying property, and lynching officials, while decrying the other as criminals

I don't see it as being that much of a reach. At the very least, there is a strong enough connection that we can discuss why we consider some rioters heroes for rioting against what they perceive as injustice, while contemporary rioters are written off as criminals. 









 IANAL however it becomes very muddy when a state of emergency is declared 




 Interesting - in some parts of the US a smorgasbord is another term for a large buffet. I had no idea it was originally a sandwich table! 




 Thanks for the video link! 




 So THATs where root beer came from ;) 




 Our town had a free tree giveaway to celebrate spring, and my wife snagged me a baby crabapple tree.

It is still tiny, so I was planning on putting it in some potting soil in a small cup to get settled in, and then moving that into a larger pot with some airy fertilized soil. Once it gets to be a foot taller, I may plant it outside (we are in 6b, and apparently this cultivar is good to zone 7).

Is there anything else I need to be aware of?? Is this a solid plan?? It came with instructions but they instruct to plant right into soil. The issue is that we aren't past our final frost date yet. 









 If you have an IOS device, robinhood offers free trades for basic accounts. I think I have some invites if you want one. They are super minimal, but seem to work ok. 




 Which is why I will always be pro-dog. Dogs at least growl to give you some warning. I've had somewhere in the realm of 20 cats, and I have encountered 1 that was not a complete dickhole at least part of the time. 




 Can you point interested parties towards the information that you leaked?

Did it contain information about Haliburton flagrantly ignoring its obligation to fulfill reconstruction contracts in Iraq after the first gulf war, but still pocketing the money?

Also, do your balls of steel clink when you walk? HA! 




 Have you heard of comcast internet essentials? It's even cheaper - 10 dollars a month. And I doubt Comcast would have stopped the plan. Part of approving the Comcast/NBCUniversal deal involved comcast creating a plan to help enable low cost internet access. If anything, canceling the plan would invite regulatory scrutiny. 




 Charter already made an offer on TWC before the comcast attempt at a deal. They lowballed it, and TWC declined. Now that the Comcast deal is going down, they can make a second offer at a higher price.

Source: employee at one of these companies who was doing work directly related to this deal 




 It is possible, but may or may not happen. TWC turned down an offer from Charter already for being too low. We'll see if they'll make a second offer. 




 To my knowledge, she had the abortion. Though believe me, I have had nightmares that she'll suddenly pop up someday and say "by the way, you owe me 17 years of child support, AND I screwed you out of knowing your kid" or some crap like that. While she and her brother are estranged, he never mentioned her having the additional kid from me. The timing would have been off.

My wife knows the full story, and I've braced her for the possibility that it could happen one day. As it stands, I have no way of getting in touch with her one way or the other. She has gone off the grid. 




 Before I start, let me preface by saying I am ok with abortion for other people. However before I enter into a sexual relationship with a woman I make it clear that I don't believe in it for myself. I'll take precautions, but I understand the biology involved and if despite all of that a pregnancy happens, I want to see it carried to term. If she says no, we part ways. Cards are laid out on the table. (I am not looking to debate women's rights)

Anyways, a psychotic ex of mine told me that she had gotten a depo provera shot, and said she didn't like using condoms. So stupid me believed her. She ended up pregnant because she never really got the depo shot. She almost immediately started using the pregnancy as a bargaining chip. Going so far as to say that she'd kill my kid if I didn't do what she wanted several times. That isnt hyperbole - that is how she phrased it.

During our last fight, she said it, then she started mocking me... saying shit like "I'm going to kill your baby, and theres nothing you can do to stop me. How does it feel to be helpless to stop me from killing your kid?" At that point I knew it was over, only my name was on the lease to the apartment, so I told her to get out or I was calling the cops to have her removed. Dumb bitch apparently didnt think that part through and her tune suddenly changed that she was sorry and didn't have anywhere to go. Too late.

She meets up with some guy and leaves (I had had suspicions she was cheating on me after seeing several chat logs while watching her play games - turns out I was right). About a month later I start getting texts from her at the abortion clinic, again saying shit about killing the baby, and how helpless I was to stop her, how she wished she had never met me, etc.

Last I heard she has 4 kids from 4 different guys and has had double digit abortions (still friends with her little brother). She is living on child support checks from all 4 dads, and is shacked up with some other guy. White trash brood mother.

This, boys and girls, is why one does not stick one's dick in crazy. 




 It's not my song. I'm transcribing a Bob Dylan piece from a score. Shelter from the Storm - there are 10 verses, with 9 repeats.

I'm not trying to rewrite someone else's work. 




 Yup! That should work fine! Once you get used to it, you'll find the way that feels the most comfortable to you.

With vaporizers it can be tough to tell. Your lungs will be filling up, so you may feel slightly warm in your chest. If you were smoking you might feel an urge to cough (though this can happen with a vape too). 




 You want your lips around it. Basically all air you are pulling in should be coming through the straw. Make sure it enters your lungs. It can feel a little wierd of you aren't used to it. 




 Can you provide any more information than that? I'm still learning the software so a creative fix may be a long way away. 




 That's not impossible, especially since it sounds like you're a bit of a newbie. Just inhale like you normally would.

Grab a straw. Breathe through it. The feeling you get when you inhale? That's what you want to be doing. Heck, you could keep inhaling through the straw and stick it over the stem of your MFLB if you wanted.

You wouldn't be the first person who had trouble with smoking/vaping the first few times :) 




 Did you tumble the contents around? How charged is your battery? Were you seeing vapor on the glass? 




 If you read the warranty, when you get a replacement unit, the old unit becomes property of Magic-Flight. That's why they have you wreck it (check the text in your manual).

I totally get what you mean, it sucks to get rid of the unit, but otherwise there is no reason people wouldn't just get one, wreck it, get a replacement, wreck it, and so on and then just repair them, you know? Sure they could sue, but only really in the US.

I doubt many people will be checking in on you though. 




 So, if you make this, how the hell do you stop it from combusting? That was a heck of a long draw it seemed. 




 I wish I could do that. Half the time it makes me trembly now, and that would completely throw me off. My tolerance is nowhere near where it was back in college days. 




 You got it. While he did create doge, he also is a bit of a drama queen. 




 Oh look, he's quitting again. I wonder how long that will take for him to come back this time. 




 This is good to know. The wife and I plan to retire/immigrate to either the Netherlands or Belgium when we retire (still 30 years away). It sounds like we'd have to pay for a house in cash rather than use a mortgage when we make the move. 




 This is true. For instance I recently invested in a tax free bond fund for my state, and the minimum buy in was 3k. I'm lucky that I can afford that but it still took a few weeks of saving to scrape together that amount. 




 Pretty simple Q. There seems to be a limit of 8 repeats with an alternate ending. I am trying to transcribe a piece which has 9 repeats for the first alternate ending, and then an additional 2 after for the second alternate ending.

Is this doable? There only seem to be 8 boxes that can be checked. 




 They're listening? So have they provided a support phone number yet? Or are they still telling their customers to post on the forums and piss off if no one helps? 




 The baby can be done fairly cheaply. A friend of mine is a bit of a hippie-dippy type, but she used to give seminars poking holes in the expenses of a baby. A lot banks on everything going "ok" but if you luck out, it isn't that pricey. 

* Instead of formula, breastfeed (supplementing only as necessary). 

* Instead of buying a crib, co-sleep

* Instead of buying disposable diapers, make them out of cloth or buy reusable diapers. 20 seconds of rinsing and then they go into the washing machine.

* When they're old enough to eat baby food, use a food mill and puree whatever mom and dad are eating. This has the upside of forcing mom and dad to eat healthfully.

There were some others she goes over, but she did present the numbers and it was pretty incredible the difference in price. 




 Have to agree with you. I once dated a girl who scored a perfect SAT score, she was valedictorian of her HS, summa cum laude of her college. Utterly brilliant.

In public, she acted like a complete and total glassy-eyed mouth-breathing ditz. In private though, she was brilliant. She said she usually just had to lower the way she talks and acts to what people were comfortable with.

Still, it was a huge turn off every time we'd go out in public and she'd suddenly dumb down. 




 One of the best dad jokes I've read in awhile.

http://i.imgur.com/bA0tFRJ.gif 




 Honestly, I believe that both exist, and are opposite tendrils of the same beast.

Right now, no, I do not think that surveillance impacts as much as bread and circuses (score one for Huxley?). Not because it doesn't exist, but because it's non-obtrusive.

But at some level, there is some amount of behavior modification that comes from fear of surveillance. After the Snowden leak came about and it was found that Microsoft was piping info to them, Microsoft soon got rid of the "always on" requirement for their xbox kinect on the xbox one because no one wanted an NSA box in their living room. This is a silly example, but I feel a valid one nonetheless. 




 Let's see.

Attempted character assassination: Check

Straw man argument: Check

 just another privileged angsty kid... 1984 is one of the most misunderstood books there is, it's really not meant for your kind.

Orwell was a "privileged angsty kid." Read Down and Out in Paris and London for part of his autobiography. I'm pretty sure you have no idea what you're talking about in terms of who the author intended the book for. It is entertaining to see you make assumptions about who I am, my social station, and more based purely about my opinions of the world.

1984 doesn't have some hidden meaning. The reason everyone gets the same thing out if it is because Orwell was very public about what it represented. [Read his thesis that inspired the book](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/08/12/george-orwell-s-letter-on-why-he-wrote-1984.html). He wanted people to know about how terrifying totalitarianism was, whether it emerged from fascism, socialism, or even democracy gone awry. This was based on his experience in Burma, and in Spain under Franco. He wanted it to be a cautionary tale, and to tell people that they need to be vigilant to prevent it from happening. Per his letters - "the world moves towards fascism, but it's not irreversible". So yeah, seeing shadows of 1984 and trying to sound the alarm was exactly his goal.

So go on, do tell me more about how you know more about Orwell than Orwell did. 




 Care to have an intelligent conversation, or are you just looking to sling insults? 




 I think some was known, some wasn't. We knew about warrantless wiretapping, however we didn't know about massive instant-messaging recording, or that the NSA had breeched several large technology companies to consume data en masse.

Again, I think both answers are correct. There is absolutely a level of apathy about it a la Huxley, but the shenanigans that Orwell predicted also absolutely do exist as well.

I think the current situation contains both. 




 I'd argue that the two aren't mutually exclusive. 




 I get what you are saying, but several of those things do exist to some level (not as fully implemented in the book, but the shadows are certainly looming large).

As a telecom engineer, I have to disagree on your first point. Google stingray and you'll see what I mean. You can be tracked via gps without a warrant. Not to mention your google search will be logged, cataloged, and sold to the highest bidder (and the government if they ask for it). Though NSA disclosures show the NSA was accessing that data anyway.

As for not disappearing people, have you heard of extraordinary rendition? COUNTELPRO? 

As for kids turning in parents, we aren't there yet. However we are at a place where everyone is watching everyone else thanks to post 9/11 scare mongering. Google Rick Bradshaw's florida program that rewards people financially for reporting neighbors with antiestablishment views (luckily it was vetoed).

Forced exercise - well, beyond gym class, I suppose you are right here. Though with the US military seeing a possibility of troop shortages because so few people can meet fitness requirements and reframing the issue as a national security one, it could be on the horizon.

For language reduction, you are right. Though evidence does support that our vocabilaries are shrinking.

There are other items that are absolutely present.

We absolutely have a 5 minute hate - just turn on the news and listen to who we are supposed to be hating today. The big bad Russians? The Cuban socialists? The Iranians?

As for "war is peace"  the US has been involved in conflict 222 out of its 239 years.

I am not saying that it is 100% identical, but we are far closer than the state of the world he feared than when he wrote it. Orwell himself agreed - and things have only gotten closer since WWII.

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/08/12/george-orwell-s-letter-on-why-he-wrote-1984.html 




 I think its interesting that we see facets of both Brave New World and 1984 in the modern US.

It is distilled but this comic does a good job comparing them (although I ultimately disagree with the final points). In every case, BOTH are present. Not only do people want to ban books, but literacy and science are ridiculed or at the very least ignored by mass media as people go on their search for bread and circuses. 

https://biblioklept.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/huxley-orwell-amusing-ourselves-to-death.jpg 




 Observable data are facts. Without facts we have no way to form hypotheses or theories. 




 He may not be allowed to express his personal beliefs if they could upset the waters and risk a lawsuit and bad publicity (even if it is a bluff). Teachers have to walk a very fine line. I'm married to one - she has to censor herself a lot to make sure she never upsets the naive innocent little snowflakes. 




 You will be nervous. It's your first day!

Pick up cues from your colleagues.  Many professional offices have employee handbooks that talk about what is expected of you. Read it.

If you find your nerves get the better of you, bring chamomile tea and pound it like it's water.

Honestly a big office is no different than any other workplace once you get used to it. Don't overthink it. If you have a manager or supervisor, let them know your reservations. Be open and communicative. 




 Honestly? 1984. Namely because the society described is mostly here in essence now in the US, and we let it happen. 




 Not related to 4/20 in any way, lol!

Seriously though, this would be fun to do for the wife and I's anniversary! 




 No, ignoring that there are steps you have to take in a bad police encounter to put chinks in their armor is naive.

Can they be abusive? Yup. But I'd rather have solid evidence on a dashcam that shows my rights being violated in black and white that any defense attorney can use to get the case dropped, and if it isnt, can be used as the basis for an appeal. 




 Honestly, it is. If they say nothing, ask if you are free to go. If not, ask why you are being detained. The important part is you asking.

You get arrested, you call an attorney and contact the ACLU because you have a dead simple case of your rights being violated. Your attorney has the case thrown out, and you sue the municipality for illegal detention. 




 I used to get high like you. I'd hire a bunch of hookers and do lines of weed off their tits. 




 Then you ask them what their reasonable suspicion is for detaining you. 




 I wish. Pot makes me go SQUIRREL! 
BHO on the other hand gives me blinders. 




 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A9KTPY8

Here you go! The batteries come in a little plastic box that has 2 dividers in it. Should work perfect! 




 I picked up some powerex batteries off amazon and they came in a nice little case. Works great! 




 I wish the tin had enough room for a PA and orbiter :( 




 I ordered mine from vapornation a few days ago with their holiday discount. It won't be arriving til friday. 

I was torn between it and the ufo, but ultimately it seemed like the overall opinion was more in favor of the orbiter.

So if you have an orbiter, How do you like it? Any advice for using it with the box and avoiding stuff like combustion? 




 As I was driving in to work today I was thinking how great a zebrawood or purpleheart mflb would look. I'd love to just be able to send them a wood blank! 




 I had a Pax 1, and between the constant amount of cleaning, lifetime supply of pipe cleaners, the fighting to get the mouthpiece to connect properly, and the weird upset stomach it gave me every time I used it I ended up reselling to a friend. It sounds like the pax2 fixes some if the issues, but according to reviews it adds some new ones. At double the price of an MFLB it just isn't worth it for me.

My MFLB is my goto vape. Almost every issue you are reporting sounds like it could be resolved with a little commitment to learning to use your device properly (not saying you aren't using it right, but the manual taught me a bit after I had already been using it for a year). You shouldn't be combusting a quarter of your trenches - it sounds like you are holding the battery way too long and the whole thing is overheating.

My MFLB is about 2 years old now, still using the original batteries like a champ.

I DO have a backup vape - an arizer solo. I just hate that the solo pulls a ton of crumbs through when I inhale. 




 I had the same thing happen. Tbh I am not a fan of the mflb without a stem. It does work, but not being able to see browning and losing a surprising amount of vapor through the airhole makes it perform way worse than with a stem (from my experience).

Pick up a dart stem, they're awesome albiet a little less stealthy. 




 You shouldn't be combusting.

I don't mean to sound rude, but take a look at your mflb manual. They go into great detail about how to draw.

By hash do you mean BHO or bubble hash? Further, are you using the concentrate trays? 




 Where did you get the netting? Just curious because it looks like it would work wonders for porchetta. 




 Hello everyone. We have our cat's litter box in our laundry room, which is an exterior room. To help prevent heat loss during the winter, we had started keeping the laundry room's door shut as much as possible, but that created a problem with the cat being unable to access the cat box.

So, I installed a bidirectional cat door.

At first, the cat just stood there confused. I poked her head through a few times, so she knows it's not solid. Then I held it open for her and she went through. Then I put her back in the laundry room and left the door shut.

She refused to go through. I put her in the laundry room and closed the door, and after a few hours meowing and scratching at the door, she still hadn't figure it out. So I held the cat door open and she ran through.

So, I have the door taped open right now. She seems to be going through without much of an issue. What are my next steps? How can I train her to nose-open the cat door so I can remove the tape? Should I start progressively lowering the cat door with tape so she starts getting used to pushing through SOME resistance until the door is completely shut?

I'm not used to training cats, so any advice would be helpful. Our cat tends to not like treats, so I can't really do the normal conditioning method like I would with a dog. 




 Basically what the title says. I would like a bay tree, but I doubt our climate is right (6b, southeastern PA). So, I was considering a small potted bay tree.

Are there any hardy pot-friendly cultivars that anyone can recommend?  




 So is this douchebag still outside of the country? 




 Carob doesn't really taste like chocolate - try it plain. It has an overly sweet taste with a hint of chocolate.

Try using espresso, or dry coffee. Also try using dutch process cocoa over regular cocoa. 




 FYI, how progressed is she with celiacs? What proteins can she still consume?  

Lots of folks here seem to be assuming she just cant eat gluten, but a celiac has difficulty digesting all proteins and it gets progressively worse over time. 




 Being unwilling to teach your child cleanliness is not a justification for a exposing your child to a 1-3% rate of surgical complications. 

Not to mention you are altering the body of another human being without their consent.

So I have to disagree with you. So does a large body of scientific research.

https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/moral-landscapes/201109/myths-about-circumcision-you-likely-believe

https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/moral-landscapes/201109/more-circumcision-myths-you-may-believe-hygiene-and-stds

 




 Cutting off the tips of baby boys' penises because some invisible father figure said we should do it to some nomadic sheep herder thousands of years ago. 




 Because you not liking comcast or twc is not a viable legal basis to block a business merger. There have to be legitimate reasons to block it.

Or would you prefer that all legal situations be resolved based on popular opinion?  




 Honestly, I rarely had time to talk privately with my FIL. I ended up stealing away for a few minutes on a cell phone when the wife (then gf) wasnt around. It was really as simple as asking - "I want to propose to your daughter - can I have your blessing?"

He laughed, cried a little, said yes, and asked if he could tell his wife (I asked him not to because she can talk a lot).

Make sure the family has an old fashioned side or some folks can be offended. 




 First, reach out to a counselor of some type. If you are open to the idea of a deity check out a support group. If you are bullheaded do it on your own.

No matter how you do it, the motivation for change comes from the same place - you. You are the one who chooses what you do and don't put in your body. You are the only person responsible. Be proud of that. This is your chance to make your dreams come true.

Look at yourself in the mirror. Hard. What do you want to change about you, your life, your situation,  etc? How can you improve you? What have you always wanted to do but you haven't done?

Start doing that instead. Even if it is just a little at a time. Set small goals and maintain them. Reward yourself when you fulfill them. Make it a goal to stay clean for a day. Then every day for a week. Then a month. Keep challenging yourself and beating those challenges. Make them simple so you have to exert very little energy to meet them. 

When you start rapidly fulfilling goals your self esteem will go up, which gives you confidence to tackle bigger goals.

Join meetup or cruise craigslist for fledgling companies/charities/nonprofits, and meet some new people. Even if you are antisocial you still need some human contact, and some kind of social group that you can be involved in is a great way to go. Your new job might not be a bad way to go with this. Throw yourself into the work!

Don't get down on yourself if you slip up. It WILL happen. You are human, but god damn it youre trying. Just get back up and keep going.

This is what I did. It wasn't easy.


Source: ex-cokehead clean for 9 years 




 Looks like you caught an early morning deal?? 




 AFAIK flag code isnt enforceable by law. Otherwise every moron wearing us flag patterns on their clothing would get arrested. 




 What piping tip did you use for the frosting? I have been trying to get better with it :) 




 Mana mana 




 JUST A SMALL TOWN GIRL, LIVIN' IN A LONELY WORLD 




 Correct, and the difference is specificity. 

The problem is, most children don't make very good witnesses and are very easily swayed. So by what measure would you consider testimony from a child, which could easily be unsubstantiated rantings, to be reliable? 




 Usually there has to be specificity to the statement. You cant say "he has drugs in his house! Go search him!"
 
Think about how easily that vould be misused. No judge would approve it because police could easily start saying someone randomly told them something as a CYA for busting down doors.

Rather the informant needs to say "they have drugs! In their basement there is a drug stash in the back corner under the shelf." Something that provides actual information. 




 Seeing this makes me so happy my main guitar is kept under lock and key, and the only easily accessible guitar is a plastic fantastic little martin. 




 Getting a warrant purely from the statement of one person while having no corroborating evidence to justify the warrant?

Doubtful. 




 Thats bullshit. One person saying something about someone else without any substantive evidence is not a reason for a warrant.  Unless the kid brought in hash oil and said "it's my mom's!" The statements were nothing more than conjecture. 




 I was wondering this as well. In our state (PA) warrants need to be pretty damn specific. This is like saying "a kid said something about his mom, we have no proof beyond that, but lets raid their house." There was no substantive evidence to justify the warrant. Any attorney can pick that apart with ease.

If thats how these things work now, I heard that the judge who signed off in the warrant has an opium poppy grow room in his basement. 




 Well, the issue is that much like Rome, we can blame the beaurocrats all we want, but the problem lies with you and I. Though the folks in power have done a very good job at ensuring that they have the population split down the middle with partisan bullshit.

Bread and circuses is only important if it's all the people care about. 




 This seems like a case the ACLU might be interested in tbh 




 It depends. Private loans have no forgiveness. Only federal which tend to make up a relatively minor amount of the debt load. 




 I would be laughing if I wasn't quietly sobbing into my drink :'( 




 The thing that bothers me is he goes on pushing unproven herbal remedies. Some herbals HAVE shown efficacy - peppermint is good at treating mild stomach discomfort, eucalyptus is good for colds, chamomile for reducing anxiety, ginger for motion sickness, st Johns Wort for acute bouts of depression,  etc.

These are all known and accepted and have a good bit of literature behind them showing they have efficacy. 

But instead he goes out into completely unproven territory pushing products with almost no literature behind them. That bothers me. Especially when he is in fact a doctor and is supposed to be a man of science. Instead he is just a quack. 




 Not at that kind of party :) 




 The part that bothers me the most is, if confronted with evidence that this does happen, many women respond with "well now you understand what women go through." Nothing like victimizing and illegitimizing a victim.  




 Puss puss pass? 




 At that price level. It starts to become worth it at 5k or higher so long as it is pretty cut and dry (which this sounds like) 




