 but theyll take out the SWEARING!!!!!!!! dont you get it, itll be just another bsg without it, the characters will be turned into wimps, the expanse wont have its EDGE!!! why doesnt anybody get that!? 




 thats right! 




 just look at the following links people:

http://imgur.com/gallery/h8A09QY

http://youtu.be/qMVJnWd4idE

and heres an image of mewtwo to show why i choose him

https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQGMZ9l1Dx0xxVv-6nfE3BcKmHyxOlwm365MaDUt0anpd2DAF1G

any questions or responses? 




 tell me how i make mountain dew frosting, I MUST KNOW!!! 




 youll thank me later 




 thats part of what gives 'the expanse' its EDGE! without it itll just be another bsg or defiance, which is why I believe it should've been on HBO, heed my words theyll replace fuck with fnaq, and shit with skerb or something like that 




 but theyll take out the swearing and make it appeal to teens regardless, thanks to 'artistic liscence' 




 i mean im warning people saying "THEY WILL CHANGE STUFF FROM THE BOOKS!!!" and people just brush it off like, "hey guy, people change stuff from the books all the time!" but how do you know it'll be faithful!! god, i wish it were a movie instead, it could've been the next star wars for fucks sake!! whoever the names of the two guys with the pen name james S.A. corey, YOU FUCKED UP!!! do you know what SYFY will do to your own story!? they will take out the swearing and sex and add twilight-esque relationships, they will change what the characters were described in the books, order of events, designs of the ships! EVERYTHING!! WHAT WERE YOU THINKING!?!?!!?  




 he looks like some schlub they found in a college parking lot smoking pot and drunk, and asked him "do you wanna star in a sci-fi epic?" and he said 'yes' without paying closer attention to the question at hand. and after his supposed 'audition' hes wondering "how the hell did i get THAT role!? i must've been high.'' 




 You may not be aware, but the authors are heavily involved in the scripting process. 

Robert kirkman is invoked in the writing in the walking dead tv show, and that show is like 'Loose Adaptation: The Series!' 




 None taken 




 Fuck you!! They're great! you probably just have dyslexia, 




 I told you not to give any names!! Luckily I'm only on the first book so I'll forget his name by book 2 probably 




 theyre both always BACK 




 if so dont tell me their names, a simple yes or no will do 




 im like 140 pages into the first book 




 thats a bad sign if my 'aggressive geeking' as you call it, has a 'style'  




 btw howd you find out i was that same person, am i a celebrity in the star trek subreddit? 




 i could do that,  




 theyre adding a character i havnt even heard of oh great! first they cast a babyfce guy as jim holden now they add a character who im not even at in the books!? they shouldve gotten influence from han solo for jim holden 




 sadly yes i am, but i promise im working on it 




 they are going to RAPE the expanse!!!! dont you get it!? 




 theyll change a bunch of stuff to appeal to teenagers and preteens, theyll t6ake out the swearing and theyll leave stuff out of the books! i feel like the mary poppins broad when she heard the songs for the first time!, they will literally CHANGE the books! whoevers developing the show right now if youre reading this, put it on hbo that way itll have the swearing and shit. because chances are the book series will run longer than the show. if i ever as much as see ONE thing out of place from the books youll have one less viewer, and ill wait until they get turned into MOVIES!! it couldve been the next star wars or alien franchise but instead you make it into a tv show on a cheap cable network!? BOTTOM LINE: MAKE A FAITHFUL ADAPTATION DAMMIT!!! IF THIS ONE ISN'T, thank you for reading 




 i started reading the first book a week 1/2 ago, and im already worried theyll change stuff, i DO care 




 looks better than the sly cooper movie redesign 




 Look at the 2009 watchmen movie, to me that is how you adapt something, not changing too much stuff or taking stuff out, it's made just how the graphic novel is, and look at the walking dead that was faithful to the comics from the first episode until the y went to the city and rode in a tank. THEY NEVER RODE IN A TANK IN ANY OF THE COMICS!!! And THATS what makes me worried, that and they'll throw in an obligatory love triangle (thanks TWILIGHT!!) and they'll probably change the ages too of the characters to appeal to teens and preteens. 




 c'mon people!!! they're going to CHANGE STUFF FROM THE BOOKS!!!! 




 because

1. theyll not have any of the swearing 

2. they may create new future slang in lieu of the aforementioned swearing 

3. theyll change god knows what else,

4. and theyll take stuff OUT from the books

 if i see even ONE thing not in the books im not watching, and ill wait until they make a movie out of it, which i beleive is the proper way to adapt them, or if not that remake it for HBO
  




 one art please! 




 not something i would've made myself, but neat 




 looks like dr seuss drew the death star 




 You have no soul! 




 no hes asking if the avengers was made in 1980, who would be cast 




 i got carried away and it got downvoted 




 what you just typed goes beyond my comprehension as a user 




 debatable  




 ive read enough imdb message boards, disqus comments, and youtube comments to the point where i ask if its ok if i like something, and other times i really flip a shit like in this discussion:

http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2l48r1/is_it_ok_if_i_like_jj_abrams_as_a_director/

anyway how can i be more comfortable with my opinions? 




 ah dammit! that explains why i only got random images on google 




 thanks! 









 Who you calling nerdy!?! 




 Why won't you leave me alone!!! Ive reported you many times I hoped you'd get the message by now I don't like you and I can report you for harassment  




 You know what fuck you!! I hope all reboot haters get blasted off into space and the world would be a better place!!, I and other people like the new movies, DEAL WITH IT!!! You can't change the way people think!!!! God do I hate reboot haters with a passion!! I wish they were all dead!  




 But the downside of the expanse being on syfy means they'll take out the swearing, and change God knows what else 




 I'm so fucking sick of comparisons to transformers  telling you Trekkers are the skinheads of sci-fi fandoms, they never appreciate anything. Am I gonna be forced to live in a world where fandoms hate what they're fans of? 




 defiance, revolution, the upcoming 12 monkeys, znation, theres enough of those just like theres too many "your favorite fairie tales but gritty" shows 




 The new movies got 95% and 86% on rottentomatoes christ do you think they get those reviews magically?! Christ I'm sick of people like you giving me a hard time, it's like I say something positive about the new star treks and so called "fans" want me hunted. It's like Trekkers are the skinheads of sci fi fandoms! It's not fair! 




 I think the new movies are great!  




 that could be funny 




