 First you have to understand how property is attained. Property is attained via the act of original appropriation. This means that one who puts previously unowned property/resources to good use by 'mixing his labor' with it becomes the owner of said modified property/resource. 

This is what libertarians call the homestead-principle. The homestead principle logically follows from the principle of self ownership. As free, beautiful, independent human beings we own ourselves - that is to say noone else has any claim over our individual person. Also, by extension, we own the products of our labor, and no other may have a claim to it though we can choose to voluntarily contract our labor in exchange for something more desirable, like capital. 

This is why libertarians reject taxation not only as an initiation of force but an aribirtary claim on the product of ones labor... which is ours. Taxation leads to one of two logical conclusions: 1. Either we own ourselves and by extension the product of our labor or 2. we are slaves who do not. 

Government cannot own property and has no legitimate claim to anything as it 1. preforms no act of original appropriation, and 2. must rely on legalized plunder, or the violation of property in order to lay claim to said property or additional property of others.

As such, government produces no net gain to society as resources are arbitrarily confiscated from some and distributed to others via bureaucratic whim.

But to get back to homesteading and property accumulation consider this example: If I am in an area outside anothers homestead claim (or the claim that he has mixed his labor with) and decide to mix my labor with an resource, say a tree... the product of my labor that might produce a chair or table is thereby my property.  

If I contractually appropriate a resource from INSIDE anothers homestead claim, as I preformed no act of original appropriation, I would be compensated for by labor in some way but the resource would remain theirs.

Its a matter of original appropriation. government does not do this. Government cannot own property. To hit on the native americans again, they preformed acts of original appropriation by being first to mix their labor with the resources of the various claims the tribes operated within. It is still technically their property according to propertarian theory. 

As government preforms no act of original appropriation, being born into an arbitrary territorial monopoly claim means nothing...
 
However, if you are born on my homestead claim, a claim that I have mixed my labor with via the original appropriation of resources, and you refuse to go despite my wishes... you are violating my property... obviously most wouldn't throw a baby from their claim, but you get the theoretically idea...  




  This is where libertarians lose me. The for vast majority of human history, up to and until the 19th century, property has never been transferred this way. Land has always been stolen, usually through war and violence.

Land has always been stolen, usually through war and violence. Why do people have property in America, for example? Well, settlers came, stole land and killed natives, and then gave that land to other people. It's all stolen property.

And what does this have to do with the enforcement of property rights? Nothing.... what you are describing is the complete violation of property rights.... What does the forced expropriation of others property have to do with propertarianism or libertarianism? Absolutely nothing, that s the entire point. You seem to have a grave misunderstanding of how states from and what libertarians advocate... Yes whites violated the natives property.... again, what the hell does that have to do with asserting property rights? no, whites violated the property rights of the natives on behest of European monarchies... European settlers killing Indians to steal their property IS THE VIOLATION OF THE NATIVES PROPERTY....this is not what libertarians advocate.... Natives still have the right to the land IMO as they preformed the act of original appropriation via the homestead principle... its theirs... some was seeded voluntarily but for the majority, government took it via state actors... this has nothing to do with the free market or libertarianism.... this is what happens when their are no respect for property rights.... In a free society thieves are punished... not given positions in government which makes their plunder 'legal.' This is the entire premise of libertarianism... that ones property be protected from the initiation of force... 

The only plausible libertarian response to that seems to be "that's in the past, lets do better from now on". But that's a bit hard to swallow. 

Im not sure what kind of libertarians you have been talking to but again the exact scenario you describe resulted FROM THE BLATANT DISRESPECT OF PROPERTY RIGHTS... not because of them... In a private law society, when others seize property not their own, it is a tortuous act and demands compensation. Legal plunder via government seizure demands no such accountability because the theft is deemed 'legal.' 

Thieves will always exist. An expropriating property protector is an contradiction in terms... You are right, but voluntary exchange is not theft. Initiators of force are not free traders... they are private criminals and government actors.... you seem to have trouble differentiating between state actors and free traders.... anyone initiating force against another person or property are not part of the free market and are violating the property of others... private criminals would be dealt with in a free society much the same way tort law now handles disputes. The situations you are describing are the direct result of states actors via the initiation of force... not the avocation of private property rights....

It's as though someone has been punching you and broke your face, and then just stopped says "time out, lets be friends", and when you try to taking him to court to pay your medical bills, he accuses you of using the government to enforce tyranny by taking his property.

No, law has existed for thousands of years without government and will exist thousands of years after its gone... you automatically equate court with government because you have been conditioned to accept government as sole arbitrator in all conflicts... even in conflicts involving themselves.... Again, in a private law society, there would be no government courts, and the ridiculous claim that compensating a victim is an initiation of force perpetrated by government wouldn't even exist...

Buts lets say someone did make that claim... NO, THEY initiated force against the person they beat up... they are liable... they are the aggressor and must compensate or face consequences.... You are conflating free trade with violent force... rape is not loving making... libertarians advocate love making(voluntary exchange) not rape(theft)... rapists(thieves) should be punished. They are initiators of force against peaceful people and their property... It is precisely because of property rights that compensation can even occur in the first place... If you steal something I do not own... I have no compensatory claim...

RESOURCES to help you understanding
-

To understand how private law has worked in the past throughout history, check out this excellent lecture by Dr, David Friedman entitled: [LAW ENFORCEMENT WITHOUT THE STATE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oWka2fi3y0)

Dr. Hans-Hermann Hoppe: [STATE OR PRIVATE LAW SOCIETY?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6V0XzJfm8U)

Dr. Bon Murphy [LAW WITHOUT THE STATE](http://mises.org/library/law-without-state) - contains common objections

Also, check out Chapter 12 in Dr. Murray Rothbards work For A New Liberty entitled: [THE PUBLIC SECTOR, III: POLICE, LAW,   THE COURTS](http://mises.org/sites/default/files/For%20a%20New%20Liberty%20The%20Libertarian%20Manifesto_3.pdf)


I have more for you on the other comment... Ill respond when I get time... am at work. cheers!:) 




 WOW is about all I can say to this:

And the state never agreed to your immigration to the state via birth. Your arrival in the state's territory was not consensual; you are the original aggressor on the state's property, and you continue to aggress on the state's property by demanding to stay while refusing to obey the state's laws.

 




 property rights dont lead to tyranny... the expropriation of property does... in a free society, property can only be transferred via voluntary consent.... states form from the forced violation of property rights... not because of them....  




 lol... im from the south, forgive me :0 




  The CSA was a fundamentally unfree state.

not arguing that it was...  who said anything about the Confederacy being free?... the traditional narrative about the civil war just isnt true... For the north slavery, as a reason for war, was an after thought.... this has been thoroughly documented from the newspapers and documents of the time.... Forever tying states rights to slavery and racism has been a statist ploy since the beginning against the very inclination of decentralizing power or dissociating from the federal government....

If the war against southern succession was really about slavery, why wouldnt the government simply just buy and free the miniscule amount of slaves left at that time???? This is how most every other western nation got rid of slavery....  




 yes and there are building states rights and secession movements everywhere.... just look at what states are doing with marijuana.... and in Arizona. Proposition 122, the Arizona Rejection of Unconstitutional Federal Actions Amendment, passed.... this is open defiance of federal laws.... for all intensive purposes, this is nullification.... amazing... 




