 I'll probably be picking that up soon 









 It is an epic western about the Texas frontier. It's a very dark cowboy and Indian story that spans about 100 years, similar to Marquez.  




 I work in the book biz, so I saw dozens of reviews for this book when it came out. If I can help it I won't read a review before I read the book, so I basically ignored The Son until a few weeks ago, when I met Philipp Meyer and had a beer with him. I started reading the book the next day and, though I'm only a dozen chapters in, I know this will be one of my all time favorites. The writing is as close to perfect as I've seen in recent memory. Have you all read the book and what do you think? I'm afraid I'm just a fan of the man instead of the writing.  









 As a publicist, this is an awesome list that will add hours to my workload next week. Thanks. 




 There's a book called Christian Nation that is all about if McCain won the election and died weeks later. 




 I'm a book publicist in NYC. My firm is a freelance consulting outfit so I have worked with virtually all publishers and about a dozen bestsellers every year.  














 Ready player one by Ernest cline  




 We're running the NYC marathon under the banner of the joe Torre safe at home fund. All the money we make goes to them. 




 The money we raise is headed here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM-meqdHUw4 




 I thought the book was inspiring. The whole time I was reading it I was thinking that I should really get out there and do something big. The specifics didn't matter so much to me as that feeling I got while reading it.  









 What's the fun in that? 









 We had a middle school gym teacher fired and jailed for being intimate with a student. I believe this occurred on several occasions, and they were discovered by the gym teacher's wife, also a gym teacher at the school.  




 Correct 




 You won't even know what chafing looks like until you see us.  









 You're missing an 'e' 




 I read your autobiography in middle school. Did you write it or was there a ghost? 




