 Yeah what is this 




 Unless New Blood contains information to contradict this.. 




 Pretty dumb if serious. That will not work. However, you will succeed at creating pain for both of you, imagine taking that off. Plus scratching the inside of your vagina. He has to cum, so where's it going to go? Not stay in his pee pee that's for sure. It'll come out. 

Just use spermicide, birth control and have him pull out. You'll be fine.  




 You got HOT. Nice progress. 




 It isn't 




 Fuck welfare 




 Tell him to read a couple parenting books. A lot of good advice and time tested methods 




 Yeah, I thought it was perfect and fit with the past seasons 




 "If he was any better, he'd be a Spartan" 




 Idk. It's like crack for my free time. So I enjoy it. 




 Armor lock was the worst thing to happen to halo 




 What? 









 What type of clan do you want to join? 




 Why'd it suck? Dealing with idiots? 




 How did you accomplish that 




 I really hope it's not Macer to be honest. I kind of want to forget nightfall 




 You'll have people complaining the Spartans aren't plus size.  




 I wanted Stacker, Dubbo, and Buck on the team 




 And Spartan Ray. I just hope they don't go overboard with this diversity thing. 




 This seriously needs to be addressed. Honestly, Halo 5 MUST have this feature. There is absolutely no reason to not have it. 




 You're quite attractive, but i might have to come steal that dog though  




 I don't understand what is so hard about allowing business owners to carry our transactions with who they want. That's what business is, mutual agreements and exchange of goods/services for money.  




 Then why the fuck is that guy wearing jeans and a polo. Who works out in jeans and a polo. 




 She's just mad she can't grow a beard 




 Okay fox news 




 What an idiot 




 Pretty much hit the nail on the head with that one 




 Why did they ever stop using marvel... 




 Noise in space? Tight ship formations? The explosions I would attribute to when ships explode, the atmosphere leaks allowing for flame to enter the vacuum.

Either way, I was referring to the stories themselves lol. 




 Good. Hard work and determination will get you to mental health. You control your mind, don't let it control you. Find a reason to be happy everyday when you wake up and make it a goal to have a positive outlook. Good luck bro 




 Most of the weight on society, comes from corporations using government regulations to their advantage, and lobbying government for one way or the other. Ultimately they're making an environment where they aren't subject to proper market competition, thus you get a shittier cheaper product/service because you can't go anywhere else, and corporations that don't have to worry about things smaller businesses would. 

A businesses purpose in society is to make a profit. If profit is made, the consumer has benefited and they are giving society something they want. Supply and demand. Unless of course this business buys policy and saturates it's industry with regulations, and corporate welfare. Which creates something that is absolute shit for people while enriching the corporation (Comcast). By the time those profit decisions actually harm society is when they use the government to make more money. If you subject the "evil" corporations to proper market competition, they'd be forced to compete to provide a good product or service. The best ones would get big.

However, the case for environmental protection is pretty compelling.  




 Wait. How bad does it inhibit? My curve is only like 13 degrees. 




 What has your diet looked like specifically? cuz damn nice progress. I have a similar build to you. 




 I'll respond again with saying democracy did very little in building this country. I'll refer to democracy as government, because it's a gov system.

The government didn't do much in regard to advancing the standard of life of the average American. Capitalism did that as well as provide a means of improvement for the working class and create the american dream. The only thing "democracy" did was invest in infrastructure and start wars. 




 In this case. It was capitalism that amazed the Russian. Democracy didn't do what we see in the picture.  




 You might not want to hear this. But I hope you are trying to get better and deal with your issues, she'll only be able to support you for so long.  




 Sanders is still big government though. 




 We tried. Media wouldn't play ball  




 However, I'd say the drug war is a big issue. Which Rand has stepped out against. 




 Now we get action packed terrorist plots from the perspective of the infallible good guy agents that make it seem like we actually need to be safer, rather than freer. 




 Capitalism. But ya know, reddit seems to hate it. 




 You have amazing natural beauty and a great body. Solid 10 




 Would you be able to format that a little better with spacing? 




 Get it. It's an amazing SciFi universe with amazing gameplay. Also get into the lore 




 You should totally redo it. It would be awesome 




 Haha Tashi is there too.  




 wat.  




 You're point? It's still frustrating.  




 That's true. The only other possibility is that Chief had good reasons. But then again, wouldn't ONI say that? For damage control? Unless the only "reason" he could have would be incriminating to ONI. 




 You'd be surprised. Most pro e-girls are quite attractive. 




 You gotta feed her right if you want to get the best blend. It's a delicate art gentlemen. 




 The political spectrum is a sphere. 




 It's a possibility. But ONI doesn't want Chief's name slandered. So i'm betting it was an innie spartan. 




 Was this after I got offline? DAMIT 




 It really sucks because The Halo channel had so much potential. I still get on there frequently because I enjoy the content they put up. 




 I live in America. We literally bomb countries into the stone age. Either way, he made that decision without even considering her POV, he took it into his own hands to depose of a democratically elected official whom he himself said would usher in a golden age for Britain.

What gives him that right, especially when she was protecting her planet from a possible return of that species? And if history tells us anything, belligerent species often don't just leave us alone. 10 acted like a child in my opinion. 




 /u/bravo343 




 Actually we do bomb their home country. But regardless that wasn't a country. That was a hostile ship.  




 She didn't commit genocide. She was protecting her planet from a foreign threat. Malevolent Aliens with superior technology came down, fuck shit up, and they begin to leave, who knows if they were doing to come back in stronger numbers? Or if the doctor was going to be around to "protect" them. And realistically, there's only so much one man can do.   




 I dislike 10. For a variety of reasons. Mainly, because he was extremely vain, often times a complete selfish child and asshole. Being all grandstandy when in reality being a huge dick. For example, the Harriet Jones situation, there was absolutely no need to get her removed from office. She did what was right and best for her people. The Doctor fucked her over and she even came back and died for him in the end. As much as he talked about saving life, he had quite the disregard for it. 




 Nothing. You're hot as fuck. 




 He's gotta get the pedo look going. 




 Easily Halo. When you get into the lore, it's an extremely gritty and realistic military world. 




 Why? 




 Norwegian obviously carries more meaning than Whovian. It doesn't matter how much it has to do with who you are as a person, just that you are apart of a community of fans that have common interests and enjoy the same things. End of story. 

The term Whovian isn't the problem, it's the people that over do it and act like tards. Just like with anything. 




 Yes, but why say Norwegian when you're just a citizen of Norway? You're whole argument is a subjective reasoning that it's "silly" to call yourself a particular name identifying yourself with a certain group. Fans of Doctor Who are in fact a group and a community of people. So it's *not* a false equivalency and it's perfectly reasonable to use the term Whovian.  




 Then they only reference that book. 




 Public school and common core for you. 




 So with that logic. You don't need to use the term american. You just use the term Citizen of the United States. It's just easier. 




 The term Whovian has been around since 1963. The fucktards ruined it. 




 No dude. Those shows are amazing. It's idiots that get to into them they ruin it 




 This makes me embarrassed to be a whovian, or like all three of those shows. Because they are great shows 




 Why does everything that gets posted in this sub, get vigorously downvoted? It's almost as if socialists come here and downvote every thread.  




 It's milf age. 




 Except the CIA actually does abuse their power. 




 So that's our sun? Holy shit that's huge. Bigger than many stars. 




 Most of those policies are liberal concerns.  




 Goin for the ol' sneeze look I see 




 I'm in the same boat you are. I spent the last month ranking up in that playlist for it to be taken away? No matter who you are, when something you've worked for and put time into gets taken away, you get upset. 




 Is it possible to her halo online gameplay as intended without p2w in america 




 Looking pretty damn good. You do the dark hair and complexion look really well because of your eyes. Ya got purdy eyes kid 




 Better hair, makeup, improve your skin.  




 Why would his son just give you all this? 




 In reality. It is pretty bad. But it's portrayed hilariously and in a way that it isn't a big deal. Mainly because everyone in the show are idiots in their own way. Except Leela. 




 That's a horrible excuse that will only make the situation worse.  




 I really want planetside halo. But alas it won't happen 




 Why be a dick? And why haven't you told her? 




 I do think they will unite under Jul, however. I recall seeing somewhere that the religion is back on the rise.  




 I suggest adding the books that have yet to come out because those contribute to halo 5 significantly.  




 I hate to say it. But it's like this question gets asked every week in some form or another on here or /r/halostory. Is there an official list in the sidebar that lists it all including upcoming media. 




 Seriously, if ESO can do it on a console. Then so can halo, and be enough to bring it back better than it ever was. 




 Almost 100% of the time when guys post in here complaining about how women don't find them attractive, it's not because of their looks. I've seen ugly dudes score with solid goddesses.  




 Lift and eat 




 This is basically it.  




 You do the Indian face well with amazing eyes and facial structure. Compliments your complexion. 8/10 




 No problem. Some sub's to check out if you want opinions/advice on hair or fashion. These helped me

/r/malehairadvice
/r/malefashionadvice
/r/malegrooming

 




 You have a face similar to his. So you could go that route. But I would change up your style. 




 Awesome. Thanks man. I'll take this into account. 




 You could EASILY pull off a David Beckham 




 Holy shit. Someone message him on fb to see what happened 




 Awesome. Thank you! 




 I just started bodybuilding and was confused when I went to /r/gainit. It seemed like all these skinny guys like me that were lifting for months haven't made much progress except putting on some fat. Then I observe some of my IRL friends go from skinny to decently muscular in a matter of months, and continue to pack on the muscle. My fear is ending up skinny fat or simply not making the progress I want in terms of muscle gains after a long period of time.

I'm not sure if you'd be able to shed some light on this with any advice but I'm counting calories and macros with a reputable program on bodybuilding.com. I just want to pack on lean pounds (not afraid of a little fat)

Edit: Added to 1st paragraph. 




 I've been talking with my friends about this for a year. Imagine it:

Players can choose between three armies, then choose Spartan or Elite, both with a plethora of customization options. You get an entire halo ring in all of its glory to explore and fight for control over. Three armies fight for control of many large bases, strategic positions, containment facilities, even the most prized possession of them all; the control room, all the way down to small skirmishes over small areas.. 

You can start squads and clans, get a large number of many different types of missions from command. Or go freemode with your squad and explore the vast expanses and caverns of the ring, hunting the various terminals, datapads, and audiopads that explain exactly what is happening and why it's happening. The enemy that lies within the labyrinth of the installation may be enough to unite the bitter enemies of the surface...  




 I'm wondering more about how you got that nice body. If you were skinny, how'd you bulk and how long did it take?

I left a comment on your other vid. You can reply here if you want. 




 I'd like that. But what are the possibilities of it happening? 




 I shoulda put the /s. But we really aren't that obese. We aren't even in the top 10, or 20, or even 30 most obese countries in the world.  




