 The law allowed for (and prosecutors asked for) jail time of 10 years or more.
 









 It is worth noting that the US government did not lose money on the **program** that funded Solyndra (it also funded other things like Tesla Motors).  It made about $5-6 billion for the government:

 The U.S. expects to earn $5 billion to $6 billion from the federal program that funded flops including Solyndra LLC, bolstering President Barack Obamas decision to back low-carbon technologies. [SOURCE](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-11-13/solyndra-program-vilified-by-republicans-turns-a-profit.html)
 




 Story, to me, is what lifts an at best mediocre game to become something special.

Straight-up mechanics only get you so far.  It would be akin to a roller coaster ride.  Sure its fun at first but it wears thin really fast if that is all there is to it.

One can point to the likes of Doom and Serious Sam as examples of nearly no story and fun gameplay being a workable mix but there is a reason we have not seen their like in a decade or more (at least not highly successful ones).

Look at what was done with the recent Castle Wolfenstein to see how story lifts what would have been a fun romp into something exceptional.
 




 My 980 is likewise working fine on all the AAA titles I've tried it on so far including DA:I, Bioshock Infinite, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor and XCom: Enemy Unknown.

I'm averaging [60 FPS on the Heaven benchmark](http://i.imgur.com/0a8JraN.png) at 1440p on Ultra with no AA and normal tessellation.

I am thinking it is those games or something else at issue rather than the 980. 




 Just to make this a bit more ELI5:

It is important to remember the equation E=MC^2

Basically that means (among other things) that mass and energy are interchangeable.  

So, when fission occurs (or fusion) the result is something with less mass than what we started with.  Thing is cosmic accounting *requires* that nothing is lost.  The books have to balance.  In this case the "missing" mass is converted to energy and the amount of energy is determined via E=MC^2.  That last part, C^2 or speed of light squared, is a really big number which is why you see so much energy released from relatively small amounts of material fissioning or fusing (only a few percent of the material in a bomb undergoes fission or fusion and that is enough to level a city).
 




 I always find it interesting watching shows about mobsters when they get really bent out of shape that someone stole money from them seeming to forget all the money they have is money they stole from someone else.
 




 The Asus PG278q is probably the best **gaming** monitor on the market, bar none.

That said it is a TN panel with all the inherent limitations a TN panel has.  As TN panels go it is very good but still...if you want this for other purposes such as video or photo work you will probably not like this monitor at all (I went from an IPS panel and I easily spot the color shifting which I find a bit annoying).

For gaming though it rocks.  Know that a single GTX 980 (which is what I have) runs this monitor fine but due to the extra pixels this panel has (2560 x 1440) the 980 only just gets it done. With all bells and whistles turned on for a modern AAA title I get around 50 FPS...give or take...on some titles on ultra settings.  Still, due to G-Sync 50 FPS isn't too bad at all IMO.

Some say you can help squeeze more out by turning off AA because the high pixel count obviates the need for it but I find I can still see issues without AA on.  YMMV.
 




 I found my PG278q at Microcenter Chicago at MSRP about a week ago.  At the time they had three in stock.  This despite their website saying they were out.

Long story short, call them.  The website may not reflect the reality.
 




  I wouldn't go for the Asus ROG Swift right now as it's extremely buggy[1] .

I have a ROG Swift PG278q and have none of the problems listed in that thread.  If you read it someone else also posted that they have no problems.  Doubtless some people have had problems but that will be true for most any product.

It is an expensive monitor and it does have the inherent issues with any TN panel.  I went from an IPS panel to this and the color shifting is very apparent to me.  As TN panels go it is about as good as it gets but in the end it is still a TN panel.

That said, if you want a **gaming** monitor I do not think you can do better today.  Just be sure you have enough video card to run it.  It absolutely requires Display Port to operate and being a 1440p monitor it has a lot more pixels to push than a more "normal" 1080p monitor (about 44% more pixels). 




 I'll add to the chorus that it is worth it.

I held off a long time buying it then (I think) it came on sale and I figured may as well.

Glad I did.

Probably the best game of this genre I have played in a long time.  I have a backlog of games too but this is worth jumping the line for.
 




 [Sleepy's](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sleepy%27s+Festival/@41.978334,-87.660327,17z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x6c39c6f3387fc053) (Google Street View at that link still shows a pic of the Blockbuster).

 




 Amber Alert. 

You go to check on your daughter and she's not in her room or anywhere to be found in the house.  




 Yes and no.

Certainly they have bandwidth and capacity issues.  Any one person won't change much but eventually it matters.  You are buying a product same as buying a TV from a store.  You cannot tell CCP they are not "losing" anything because there is not a physical product.  If you go to court or Wall Street they would view this as tangible.  If you stole game time from CCP you will not be able to defend yourself by saying nothing was really lost by CCP.

Further, those PLEX are game time which people use.  CCP LOVES it when it gets blown up.  That game time is no longer in the pool and needs to be bought again.  CCP gets to double dip.
 




 It is like a store selling you a gift card.  The gift card costs them next to nothing.  They do however get the money you put on the card.

If you never redeem that card it is money in the bank for them.

Obviously an online game is different but it is the same idea.
 




 An Ibis in EVE is the starter ship for one of the factions.  It is a noob ship in the literal sense.  You get that ship on Day #1, minute #1 when you start the game.  As one might expect it is (along with the other faction's noob ships) about as pathetic a ship as can be found.

It would be akin to the pointy stick/paper armor you are given at the start of a fantasy MMO.
 




 In a fucking IBIS???

Wow...

Either a literal noob or complete moron.

Maybe he hoped bad guys wouldn't scan a noob ship cuz hey...noob right?

Well, that trick went out the window ages ago.

 




 I haven't played EVE for a few years now but I did for about eight years and among my guild they always gave me stuff to haul.  Was kinda my "thing".

While being a hauler is fraught with danger in hi sec if you get suicide ganked it is nearly always the pilot's fault for being lazy.  I wonder if this guy was AFK on autopilot.  If so he/she kinda had it coming (painful as it was).

Maybe things have changed since I last played though.  Would be curious to hear from a current player if it has. 




 The monitor requires a Display Port 1.2 connection.  Period.  That is why the monitor only has that one connection option.

HDMI is too slow to drive that monitor.

The good and bad news is you need a new GPU.  Bad because it is a layout of more money, good because a new GPU is always fun.

You MUST get an Nvidia card for this if you want to take advantage of its G-Sync ability (which is really the point of this monitor).  GTX 970 has a good price point versus performance.  You could go cheaper but I wouldn't if you can at all avoid it.  Remember this panel has a 1440 resolution so it is harder to drive than the typical 1080.  If you want all the graphical goodies go for a 970 single card solution or look into an SLI solution.
 




 I picked one up at my local (Chicago) Microcenter two days ago for the MSRP of $800.  They had two left when I bought mine.

EDIT:  Protip - CALL the store you want to buy from.  The internet is not reliably reporting stock or prices.  In my case Microcenter website said they had zero, I called and they had three in stock at MSRP price.
 




 Thanks.

So that picture of an Nvidia control panel with these settings does not exist?

Also, of those is there a preferred one or are they all similar enough to make no difference?
 




 I just bought a PNY GTX 980 card in order to run a new Asus ROG SWIFT PG278Q monitor (it has G-Sync built in to the monitor).

All well and good so far.  I like the PNY for the reference design of the card (I like that cooling solution which works well with my system and it is also quiet).

Problem is, near as I can tell, PNY provides no bells and whistles for their card which also means no ability to set the fan to auto-adjust itself based on its temperature.

I downloaded [EVGA Precision](http://www.evga.com/precision/) which seems it is doing the trick.  Still, while looking in to this it seemed Nvidia built in fan controls into their driver.  From the [sales page for the PNY GTX 980](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814133563) card: 

NVIDIA GPU Boost 2.0 Technology 

Dynamically maximizes clock speeds based on workload, and allows enthusiast class controls such as temperature target and fan controls, extra over-voltage headroom, and optimizations for water-cooling solutions. This allows greater customization and overclocking options and enables gamers to push performance to new levels. 

So where is that?  When I look at my control panel I [see this screen.](http://i.imgur.com/MbiViWA.png)

So where are these reputed enthusiast controls?  The ones that presumably [should look like this](http://www.nvidia.com/object/performance_group.html)?

FWIW I downloaded the drivers last night so they are current.

Thanks in advance! 




 Harold   Maude

No one on Reddit ever seems to know what it is. They are all missing out.  




 That is not the same thing at all.

Consider:

You are sitting in jail for the next 40 years wrongly accused of rape.

The woman who accused you of rape has a few choices:

1)  Say nothing, she lives a long and happy life.

2)  Tell people she lied and go to jail for 20 years.

What do you think she will choose?

It is ALREADY illegal to perjure yourself to the court.  The penalties are already there to dissuade people from lying.

Your way sees to it you rot in jail for the better part of your life.  Hope that is some comfort to you because that is about all the comfort you're likely to get.
 




 There have been many Boy/Girl Scouts who went to congress with noble ambitions.

The reality of Washington either corrupts them or, for the few who refuse to play the game, gets them sidelined and often removed from office in the next election.  For the one or two who hang on through all of that they are only one or two and woefully outnumbered.

The system is broken.  Millennials will not save a damn thing by becoming representatives (not their fault).  They will be co-opted and corrupted as easily as everyone till this point has.
 




 Before you read the rest know that I understand how shitty this is and agree.  That said there is (possibly) more to be considered:

While I, like you, would love to see someone who falsely accused someone to be hung out to dry the problem with doing so is you discourage people who have done so from ever retracting their accusation (or for others to come forward).

That is to say if you make it so anyone who falsely accuses someone to face decades in jail then they will never (or very rarely) come forward to let it be known a miscarriage of justice occurred.  Likewise their friends or family will be less likely to come forward knowing the repercussions.

This is particularly important with rape accusations since all too often it is the testimony of the woman that is the crux of the case.  You need her to retract the accusation.

As shitty as it is I think it is better the falsely accused get out of jail than it is to put the false accusers in jail.

EDIT: Spelling

EDIT2:  To whoever is downvoting me consider if you'd rather rot in jail for 40 years or have a path for your accuser to retract their false statements.  With that path you get out of jail and your false accuser also does not go to jail.  Without that path you rot in jail and your false accuser stays free.  It may suck but reality dictates this one.  Choose wisely...

Edit3:  Downvotes with no response why I am wrong.  Way to go guys...the debate would be worthwhile.
 




 I do not know that such a comparison has been made but I assume you could look-up the numbers and do it.  They are publicly available.

The issue here though is less about "how much" they chip in as it is about how much they take out.  Since they are illegal immigrants they cannot avail themselves of government programs meaning they cannot get anything back for what they put in.

I have seen some suggestions that illegal immigrants are an important part of keeping Social Security running since they put money in but never get paid out.

I have also seen that in some states the net outflow is more than the inflow.  States like California pay more to immigrants than they put in (mainly from their kids going to public schools).  In other states the reverse is true (states with small immigrant populations).

Overall, federally, illegal immigrants are a net benefit to the country's bank accounts and only take more than they put in in a relatively few states.
 




 Personally I love the skits and whatnot.  It sets him apart.  There are a zillion "reviewers" out there who turn on Fraps and talk about the game.  AngryJoe provides more value with a lot of production value in his reviews which sets them apart.

To each his/her own I guess but I can do without reviewer #1,000,000,001 Frapped review.  I think YouTube and this whole genre of YouTube content is served better by people adding some production value to their content.

As always, YMMV.
 




 He seemed to be having a lot of fun traveling to various events leaving him little time for reviews.  He'd occasionally put up some streaming crap but felt like he phoned it in more often than not.

I can appreciate that his reviews have a lot of production value and take a lot of effort and a long time to produce.  That is also why I like to watch his stuff over most other reviewers (or the even more dodgy, won't take a stance, First Impression crowd like TotalBiscuit).  TB can do 10 "first impressions" to every one of AngryJoe's reviews but I'd rather watch any AngryJoe review over any TotalBiscuit first impression.  YMMV

I really like Joe's stuff and hope he gets back to what made him popular in 2015 (I know he said he "has a plan"...fingers crossed it works out).
 




 Sure:

Undocumented immigrants are already U.S. taxpayers.

Collectively, they paid an estimated $10.6 billion to state and local taxes in 2010, according to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy (ITEP), a research organization that works on tax policy issues. Contributions varied by state. In Montana they contributed $2 million. In California, more than $2.2 billion. On average they pay about 6.4% of their income in state and local taxes, ITEP said.

A 2007 Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report on the impact of undocumented immigrants on the budgets of local and state governments cited IRS figures showing that 50% to 75% of the about 11 million unauthorized U.S. immigrants file and pay income taxes each year. 

snip

The truth is that undocumented immigrants contribute more in payroll taxes than they will ever consume in public benefits.

Take Social Security. According to the Social Security Administration (SSA), unauthorized immigrants -- who are not eligible to receive Social Security benefits -- have paid an eye-popping $100 billion into the fund over the past decade. 

snip

Undocumented immigrants do not qualify for welfare, food stamps, Medicaid, and most other public benefits. Most of these programs require proof of legal immigration status and under the 1996 welfare law, even legal immigrants cannot receive these benefits until they have been in the United States for more than five years. 

Source: http://money.cnn.com/2014/11/20/news/economy/immigration-myths/

 




 Check out [Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon - Michelle Yeoh vs Zhang Ziyi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFH6lXJ6c4k).  One of my all time favorite fight scenes.

The fast cuts they use in other movies is just there to hide a lack of fight choreography because it is easier and cheaper to do.  Pisses me off when the movie is all about the action in the first place.
 




 It is worth adding that the process of collapse into a neutron star or black hole is what produces many elements we see that are iron or heavier.  The process is called [nucleosynthesis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nucleosynthesis) and it happens really, really fast as the star explodes in a supernova.
 




 This does not make sense.

The universe did not pop into existence inside an infinite space.

The Big Bang created space and time...it happened everywhere (i.e. you cannot point to a spot in our universe and say that is the center where the Big Bang started...it started everywhere including where you are sitting right now).  It is not like a bomb going off in some infinitely big room as far as we are concerned.

Space may expand forever but that does not make our universe infinitely big. You cannot say the universe is expanding "into" anything because the universe, for us, is everything.  There is no "outside" the universe.  May as well ask what is north of the North Pole (hat tip to Stephen Hawking for that one).
 




 I became preternaturally aware of being bitten.  Which is to say I woke at the slightest provocation no matter what it was.  I became a spaz.  I kept my phone by my bed and would turn on its flashlight to scan for them rather than take time to get out of bed which might allow an escape.  Sometimes I would catch one and squish it (they are actually kinda hard to squish...especially on a bed).  If I didn't spot one the sheets came off and into the drier they went (IIRC they cannot survive temps over 120F).  Actually spotted or not everything went in the drier and I'd try to sleep on a bed with no blanket or sheets or pillows while doing this.

I didn't sleep much or well for months (literally) but I maintained my drier routine over and over and over again for a few weeks.  I had no clue if there was anything in there or not but I did it religiously anyway anytime I even suspected there was one around and it eventually worked where all else failed.

My "infestation" was not all that bad as these things go but one is one too many (and I definitely had more than one) and from start to finish fighting them was about 3-4 months.

It really, really sucks when you dread going to bed.
 




 I tried cheating on my high school physics exam by programming my calculator to do the problems for me.  Mind you this was long before teachers were hip to calculators that could do this.

I spent all night programming the calculator to solve for any variable in the equations the test threw at me.  Took me many hours.

Come exam time it turns out that by programming the calculator to do those problems I had to understand how to do those problems. I accidentally taught myself all the material and I was faster than my lousy program at doing them too.
 




 I had to deal with the little fuckers once. They are incredibly tenacious and hard to get rid of and positively maddening. 

What ultimately worked for me was putting my bed sheets and pillows in the dryer on hottest setting for an hour EVERY time I was attacked. 2am? Didn't matter. I was crazy about it for weeks. 

Worked better than anything else I tried and stopped the attacks. 
 




 How can it be infinite when it had a beginning and has an expansion rate?

Seems to me an "expanding universe" is meaningless if it is infinite in extent.

That said seeing the universe as flat or open does not make the universe infinite...just means it can expand forever which is different.

 




 Yes, as he/she said there are hard limits on the size of a star.

Eventually, if the star gets big enough, the gravity at the outer edge of the star is too low to hold on to atoms.  The star's radiation will blow off any excess material that drops on to it.

Here is a drawing of [UY Scuti](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UY_Scuti#mediaviewer/File:UY_Scuti_size_comparison_to_the_sun.png), perhaps the largest star we know of, in comparison to our sun.  This is about as big as they get.  As mentioned above for VY Canis Majoris (also an oft cited candidate for biggest star) the star would engulf a region out to Jupiter and maybe Saturn if it were in our solar system.

As for how small a star can get it is a bit of a gray area.  You have brown dwarfs which straddle the area between really big gas giants and really little stars:

Brown dwarfs are substellar objects too low in mass to sustain hydrogen-1 fusion reactions in their cores, unlike main-sequence stars. They occupy the mass range between the heaviest gas giants and the lightest stars, with an upper limit around 75[1] to 80 Jupiter masses (MJ). Brown dwarfs heavier than about 13 MJ are thought to fuse deuterium and those above ~65 MJ, fuse lithium as well.[2] Brown dwarfs may be fully convective, with no layers or chemical differentiation by depth.[3]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_dwarf)

 




 The universe is usually viewed as finite in size but unbounded.

It is akin to walking on the surface of the earth.  It is obviously finite in size but you could walk forever and never find an "edge" or "wall" or "end" to it.  The universe would work in similar fashion.  You could travel as long as you like but will never find an end to it.

Interestingly though, even if you viewed the universe as a 3D bubble with a finite volume and an "end" to it you still could not reach it.  Space is expanding faster than the speed of light at the furthest reaches.  You couldn't catch it if you tried (although to be clear there is nothing to catch anyway).

 




 Not even close.  It would be smaller than our moon.

About 220 of them are larger than 100 km.

The biggest asteroid belt member, and the only dwarf planet found there, is Ceres, which is about 1000 km across.

The total mass of the Asteroid belt is estimated to be 3.0 to 3.610^21 kilograms, which is 4 percent of the Earth's Moon.

Of that total mass, one third is accounted for by Ceres alone. [SOURCE](http://www.sciencedaily.com/articles/a/asteroid_belt.htm)

In fact the usual pictures we see of asteroid belts as a crowded place is wrong, at least for ours.  It is pretty sparse and chances are you could fly right through it without hitting anything.

 




 This is akin to (and worse than) where I live in Illinois.

In Illinois most types of fireworks are illegal.  *Right* across the border in Indiana is a HUGE fireworks store.  Around the 4th of July Illinois state troopers will sit on the Illinois side of the border and watch with binoculars people leaving the fireworks store.  If they enter Illinois they call in police to go get them.

Been going on for ages.  Hell, cigarette taxes in Illinois are pretty high (especially in Chicago).  Lots of people drive to Indiana to get smokes.

Back in the day Wisconsin had a drinking age of 18 while Illinois was 21.  Lots and lots of 18 year olds would zoom up to Wisconsin for booze.

Shit like this has been happening between states since there were states.
 




 There really is no such thing as artificial gravity.

The only way you can simulate gravity is via acceleration (e.g. your rotating cylinder).  According to Einstein when it comes to gravity there is only mass or acceleration (via the [Equivalence Principle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equivalence_principle) which basically says an accelerating frame of reference can be indistinguishable from gravity).
 




  The equator thing is quite misleading. 

What part of "The rockets gain the angular momentum from the earth's spinning..." is misleading?  Never said they were lighter. 




 Indeed it does.  You are lighter because the planet rotates.  To be fair though it is not a big difference.  You'd weigh about [99.7% of what you do at the equator as you would at the poles.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravity_of_Earth#Latitude)

This is also why they like to launch rockets as close to the equator as possible (in the case of the US they do it in Florida which is as far south in the US you can get except for Hawaii).  France launches from French Guiana and some proposed a floating launch pad that would sit on the equator for launches.  The rockets gain the angular momentum from the earth's spinning which means less fuel needed to achieve orbit. 




 Interesting.

One would suppose the HARMs were effective otherwise they would not scare radar operators into turning off their radars.  I think it is safe to assume enough found their targets to make them a credible threat. 




 The way to avoid them is killing them.  Been doing it since Vietnam.  Send in the [Wild Weasels](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wild_Weasel).  As soon as an enemy turns on an air search radar they launch radar homing missiles.  IIRC in Desert Storm the Iraqi AAA guys got to the point they refused to turn on their radar making their AAA pretty much useless.
 




 This is undoubtedly something that can be calculated and indeed even measured with current instruments.  

Scientists now have a clock so sensitive that if there were two of them they'd never agree.  Differences in height of a few centimeters are detectable:

That is a sliver of a second. But this isn't some effect of gravity on the clock's machinery. Time itself is flowing more quickly on the wall than on the floor. These differences didn't really matter until now. But this new clock is so sensitive, little changes in height throw it way off. Lift it just a couple of centimeters, Ye says, "and you will start to see that difference." [SOURCE](http://www.npr.org/2014/11/03/361069820/new-clock-may-end-time-as-we-know-it)
 




 To add to this it is important to note that this has to happen.

In any given volume of particles the particles will be moving randomly in different directions and at different speeds.  However, if you add them all up some cancel and some add to each other, you will find there is a net movement in some given direction.  The law of conservation of angular momentum makes the object spin.  As the object coalesces (gets smaller) it spins faster.  Same thing happens when an ice skater spins and pulls their arms in (they spin faster). 




 And they don't fart -- they poot. 




 Interesting.

My conspiracy theory is Clinton has paid her off* in some fashion to keep her out.  Clinton does not want a repeat of 2008 and Warren would be foolish to just bow out and get nothing for it.

And no, Warren would have FAR more power as president than she would as 1 of 100 senators.

*In a legal fashion...promise her a cabinet position or something.

EDIT to add: I REALLY hope Warren was not offered a VP position under Clinton.  That would truly make Warren near powerless.
 




 I really wish Warren would run.  I think the process (i.e. Democratic primary) will benefit by having those two duke it out.
 









 History is littered with examples of, "What the hell is this good for?"  Then, somewhere down the road, it became indispensable.  

It may be that this never amounts to anything.  Or then it might see some unforseen future use.  Or it may be that the science and techniques for this become useful in some other fashion.

Who knows?

We do have a lot of evidence from the past that seemingly useless pursuits became hugely profitable.  Then again some are dead ends.  Overall it is well worth the effort as even failures and dead ends educate us.
 




 NYPD is a registered trademark?  Seriously?
 




 Just to be Devil's Advocate (I am personally on the fence thinking about this):

Is there no line where you'd say the game has gone too far?  Would you be ok with a game where the protagonist is a pedophile and the game has you working to lure kids to your house so you can rape them?

Is that a bridge too far?  Why or why not?  Would you see people who play it as morally reprehensible?  If so  then you are merely arguing a matter of degree which will, of course, be different for different people.
 




  On the other side, gun control is very important to her liberal base so why should she avoid it? 

Because by itself it would be the single defining fight a president might tackle.  There is no way she can do meaningful Wall Street reform and meaningful gun control reform at the same time and she is making her name crusading against banks and not guns manufacturers.  More, gun control has the 2nd Amendment and the SCOTUS on its side.  It really is a non-starter.  Meaningful gun control reform will take decades if it ever even starts.

Of course Wall Street and its cronies will scare people like this guy that she is coming for their guns.  Anything to get them to pull the lever for their guy.  They did it for Obama and there was lots of fear that Obama was coming for the guns (look at gun sales which spiked after he was elected).  

Did Obama do shit about guns?  

Nope.
 




 On the upside there is no real downside to psilocybin mushrooms beyond tripping for a few hours.  For some tripping may suck but then many find it fun (indeed it is considered a recreational drug).  

This of course assumes you have actual psilocybin mushrooms and not some variant mushroom that is actually poisonous or that the psilocybin mushrooms are old and moldy (which again can be poisonous).  

Plenty of information about it on the internet.

Here is a link to bit on how the shrooms work for a person who suffers cluster headaches: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFuL7pcShDk

The way the sufferer described it in the video was, despite being illegal and the tripping part, it was that or suicide for him.

Standard waiver:  I am not a doctor nor am I advocating doing illegal things.  Your and her choices are your own.
 




 Wing Commander 3 (I feel so old in this thread).
 




 I am willing to bet whoever the republican candidate is they will not be on board with marijuana legalization either.  They will certainly be supportive of gun rights but for all the belly aching about that under Obama he has never touched it (beyond re-signing the assault weapons ban) and the gun rights community got some important decisions their way in the Supreme Court.

In short, I am willing to bet Warren (if she became president) would not even touch gun rights.  She is and has been a reformer of Wall Street first and foremost as should be obvious.  That fight will take all the political capital she can muster and then some.  I'd be willing to bet you she wouldn't touch gun laws and *even if she did* with current SCOTUS decisions I am not sure what you think she could do beyond what has already been done.

Given that you might consider some other issues as important and worth figuring in to your decision of who to vote for.
 




  You aren't allowed to protect yourself any longer.

Well that's just not true:

In Congressional testimony, Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor claimed she couldn't think of a self-defense case having come before the Supreme Court, adding, "I could be wrong, but I can't think of one." Independent research shows that fourteen separate Supreme Court cases, from 1895 to 1985, addressed every basic aspect of personal self defense. All of them held that self defense is a valid, justifiable and long-standing tenet of American law. [SOURCE](http://www.gunlaws.com/SotomayerSelfDefenseError.htm)
 




 I never found anything on the war table pressing so I did short-timed stuff while playing and then set the longer stuff to run while I slept or went to work or whatever.  Was done when I next started the game. 




 Came here looking for this:

Obligatory link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DIETlxquzY 




  Torture is not useless at getting intelligence.

Torture is ineffective at getting *useful* intelligence.  That is not the same as "useless" but near enough for practical purposes.

Thing is the CIA already knew this from prior goes at torturing people [SOURCE](http://www.nbcnews.com/video/rachel-maddow/56587686#56587686).

Napoleon knew it.  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torture#Early_modern_period)

The Germans in WWII knew it. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanns_Scharff)

We knew it from experience in Vietnam. [SOURCE](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9958544/#.VIaIvslNfPs)

We know it from experience in Iraq. [SOURCE](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2007/02/19/whatever-it-takes?currentPage=all)

We have studied it since and figured it out again. [SOURCE](http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/2009/04/21/20090421analysis-memos0421-ON.html)

This is not to say someone being tortured never gives true information.  Just that getting *useful* intelligence via torture is nearly always the worst way to go about it (and you can't tell when it might have been "better").

Torture's main purpose is to either threaten your populace (e.g. a dictator trying to cow the populace) and/or to extract false confessions/testimony. 




  What the FUCK is wrong with that country 

I came here to post *exactly* this.  

Reminds me of why I like Reddit (great minds and all that). 




  So does it work or not? Does it work just a little bit? Maybe it doesn't produce enough useful information to justify the moral cost?
 
 
 
 Thats the rub - I think. The value that it could provide doesn't outweigh the ethical and moral costs.
 
 
 
 But there is practical value, especially if you consider it in cold, cost-benefit terms. After all, all you need is a guy and a scalpel or a cheap car battery. And in return you get data. And data is useful. 

Bad data is not useful.  It can cause you to expend resources needed elsewhere.  In war that can be disastrous.

It is not as simple to verify false positives as you might think.

Torture as a means of gaining *useful* intelligence is a non-starter.  Doesn't work. 




 Some will argue it is the lesser of two evils.  Would torturing someone to stop the 9/11 attacks be justified to save 2000 lives?  It can be reasonably argued that this would be justifiable.  The folk who want to torture can live comfortably in these morally gray areas.

But if you point out that torture doesn't work then they've got nothing.  You no longer need a moral argument.
 




 The photo was taken in 1977.  That story from then is now a movie. 




 We only have your assertions that the sources are bad and nothing addressing what was actually said.

 And since you seem fond of using logical fallacies, heres one for you: Appeal to a false authority. 

Who is a false authority?  Napoleon Bonaparte?  Hanns Scharff who the Nazis called their "master interrogator"?  Jack Jacobs, Retired Army Colonel, Medal of Honor Recipient for actions in Vietnam plus 2 Silver Stars, 3 Bronze Stars and 2 Purple Hearts?  A group of scientists tasked with studying this very thing?

Yeah...none of those people have a fucking clue about this stuff..._ 




 If someone says, "The sun rises in the east," and I source www.satan.666 are they wrong because they are not a reliable source?

This is why you address the argument and not who said it.

 




 You have not pointed out any flaws. All you did was engage in an ad hominem attack. 

If you think those sources are lying or in error then prove it. 

Otherwise you've got nothing.  




 Yeah, morality doesn't figure into it at all.  Is connecting a car battery to some guy's scrotum immoral if it means you save 100 of your guys from an ambush?

I dunno...it is a helluva thing to have to make those calls but I am thinking in war the niceties go out the window real fast. 

Thing is when it comes to gaining intelligence to save those 100 guys it turns out torture is a really bad way to go.  

In Iraq, I never saw pain produce intelligence, Lagouranis told me. I worked with someone who used waterboardingan interrogation method involving the repeated near-drowning of a suspect. I used severe hypothermia, dogs, and sleep deprivation. I saw suspects after soldiers had gone into their homes and broken their bones, or made them sit on a Humvees hot exhaust pipes until they got third-degree burns. Nothing happened. Some people, he said, gave confessions. But they just told us what we already knew. It never opened up a stream of new information. If anything, he said, physical pain can strengthen the resolve to clam up.  [SOURCE](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2007/02/19/whatever-it-takes?currentPage=all)
 




 To be fair the Nazis DID torture people...a lot of people.  They just knew that if you wanted useful intelligence from someone you captured then torture was far from ideal. 




 The Senate report confirms it doesnt work. As those of us on the inside knew.

Many on the outside knew it too.  It is no secret that torture does not work as a means to gain intelligence.

Napoleon fucking knew it and you can be sure if setting some guy's nuts on fire served his purpose he'd have done it:

The barbarous custom of whipping men suspected of having important secrets to reveal must be abolished. It has always been recognized that this method of interrogation, by putting men to the torture, is useless. The wretches say whatever comes into their heads and whatever they think one wants to believe. Consequently, the Commander-in-Chief forbids the use of a method which is contrary to reason and humanity. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torture#Early_modern_period)

The Germans in WWII knew it and then advised Americans on it:  

Hanns-Joachim Gottlob Scharff (December 16, 1907  September 10, 1992) was a German Luftwaffe interrogator during the Second World War. He has been called the "Master Interrogator" of the Luftwaffe and possibly all of Nazi Germany; he has also been praised for his contribution in shaping U.S. interrogation techniques after the war. A mere Obergefreiter (the equivalent of a senior lance corporal), he was charged with interrogating German-captured American fighter pilots during the war after he became an interrogation officer in 1943. He has been highly praised for the success of his techniques, in particular because he never used physical means to obtain the required information. Scharffs interrogation techniques were so effective that he was occasionally called upon to assist other German interrogators in their questioning of bomber pilots and aircrews, including those crews and fighter pilots from countries other than the United States. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanns_Scharff)

The US knew it in Vietnam:

"At the end of the day, it's very easy to distinguish between the right thing and the wrong thing to do. If you do the wrong thing, you're not going to get any positive payoff from it and it's going to be of at some great cost," Jacobs said. "We get much more information if we treat people properly."

snip

"You need to be aggressive to get the information you want, but if you treat people inhumanely, they're just going to tell you what they think you want to hear," he said. "They'll do anything just to get the mistreatment to stop, so you get nothing from mistreatment."

Speaking of his experiences, Jacobs said he has had the best success by being decent to people.

 snip

"When I was in Vietnam, we were given the most intelligence, the best intelligence and had the most success with captors if we gave them cigarettes, medical care, food (and) water. Almost always, you get the best success from treating people properly," Jacobs said. [SOURCE:  Jack Jacobs, Retired Army Colonel, Medal of Honor Recipient for actions in Vietnam plus 2 Silver Stars, 3 Bronze Stars and 2 Purple Hearts](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/9958544/#.VIaIvslNfPs)

Americans figured it out again:

In 2006, a group of scientists and retired intelligence officers set out to settle the matter. They sought to find the most effective interrogation tactics and advise the U.S. government on their use. Their conclusions, laid out in a 372-page report for the director of national intelligence, argued against harsh interrogation.

"The scientific community has never established that coercive interrogation methods are an effective means of obtaining reliable intelligence information," retired Air Force Col. Steven M. Kleinman, a former military-interrogation instructor, wrote in the Intelligence Science Board report. "In essence, there seems to be an unsubstantiated assumption that compliance' carries the same connotation as meaningful cooperation."

In short: Slam someone up against the wall, keep him awake for days, lock him naked in a cell and slap his face enough, and he will probably say something. That doesn't necessarily make it true.  [SOURCE](http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/2009/04/21/20090421analysis-memos0421-ON.html)

There is more...not sure how much they need.  People need to stop watching "24" thinking that is how things should be done when you want to get intelligence.

The ONLY reason to torture is to terrorize others ala Saddam Hussein in order to maintain control via fear.

EDIT to add:  I forgot this great quote by Jesse Ventura (yeah...the former wrestler who was also a governor of Minnesota and, most importantly for this, a Navy Seal which includes SERE training so he has been waterboarded himself and has a clue about this):

...you give me a water board, Dick Cheney and one hour, and Ill have him confess to the Sharon Tate murders.
[SOURCE](http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2009/05/12/39921/ventura-cheney-torture/)

EDIT2:  Thanks for the gold!  Makes me happier than I thought it would. 
 




 Nope.  The reverse of a black hole is a [white hole](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_hole) (really).  They are hypothetical.  We have never seen one (you'd think they'd stand out if they did exist).

Edit:  Spelling 




 1) It was by Bungie but people didn't realize that Bungie is just a name now and that most of the original people who made that development studio great are now gone.

2) If you own a next-gen console you have probably been praying for a blockbuster title to hit.  This was supposed to be it.  Even today, a year after the new consoles have been released, I cannot find enough good games for either the PS4 or XBox One to be worth a $400 purchase (not including the cost of the game(s) or signing up for their service).
 




 [Composite image of every Saturn V launch.](http://vintagespace.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/saturn-v-launches.jpg)

Apollo 5 and Apollo 7 were launched on the slightly smaller Saturn IVB launch vehicle. 




 Not sure but guessing a big ass anaconda snake.
 




 The best thing EVAR!! (Till she discovers your bed.)  




  You have to go with general relativity, which will tell you that within the event horizon, all paths lead towards the centre, and moving away from it is equivalent to going backwards in time. 

Which is really interesting when you think about it.

If we went in a black hole and I asked you to point to the outside of the black hole it is not like being inside a bubble and pointing to the outside.  You can't do it.  Asking you to do that is like asking you to point the way to last Tuesday because, literally, that is the direction out of the black hole ([timelike and spacelike dimensions get interchanged inside a black hole](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penrose_diagram#Black_holes)). 




 For us humans the issue is rockets which are fundamentally limited by the [tyrrany of the rocket equation.](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/expeditions/expedition30/tryanny.html)  Short version is the more you want to change your speed the more fuel you need and the fuel requirement goes up exponentially.

So, you need enough fuel to get off the earth and on the way to Mars.  Then you need enough fuel to slow down once you reach Mars.  Then enough to come back to earth and enough to slow down again once you reach earth.

And the faster you want to do all that makes the problem even that much more intractable.  You end up toting along so much fuel it becomes absurd and hugely impractical.

There are ways to minimize the problem above (e.g. launch from earth orbit, send fuel ahead in separate rocket ships and refuel along the way, gravity assists and so on).  Still, the problem is complex and just throwing bigger rockets and more fuel at the problem really doesn't get you anywhere (you get diminishing returns for each kilo of fuel you load aboard).

Relativistic effects come nowhere near being an issue for this.  This is all far, far too slow to worry about that.

EDIT:  XKCD explains some of these issues here: https://what-if.xkcd.com/38/
 




 There is something called the [photon sphere](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photon_sphere) outside of a black hole.  Basically it is the place where in order to stay in orbit around the black hole you have to travel at light speed (so, basically, light orbits the black hole).

At any distance beyond that there are orbits that could be achieved same as anywhere else in the universe.  If our sun magically converted into a black hole the earth would orbit it same as it is now.

Here is an animation of [stars orbiting our galaxy's central black hole](http://astro.uchicago.edu/cosmus/projects/UCLA_GCG/UCLA_GCG_2000.gif) (that is from real data collected).

 




 You could continuously accelerate assuming you had an infinite amount of fuel.  However:

- You can never reach the speed of light...just get arbitrarily close to it.

- Fuel has mass so the more fuel you have the harder you are to accelerate.  There is a tradeoff here and eventually your fuel will mass more than your engines can push.  See: [The Tyranny of the Rocket Equation](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/expeditions/expedition30/tryanny.html) 




 The increase in mass is a bit misleading here.

There are two types of mass scientists use.  Your rest mass (or invariant mass) and your relativistic mass.

How much you weigh never changes.

Your relativistic mass can be thought of as how hard it is to push you to move you.  The faster you go the harder it is to push you.  You can never reach the speed of light because it would require infinite energy to push you that fast.

The increase in relativistic mass happens at any speed.  However, the effect is exceptionally small till you get very close to the speed of light. At around 90% the speed of light your relativistic mass is about 2.3 times as your "not moving" mass (realize you are never "not moving"...all about reference frames).  As you can see that is a looong way from infinite you get to at 100% so the effect increases dramatically right near the end.  At the relatively (see what I did there :) ) slow speeds of planets and our rockets the effect is so negligible that it can be ignored for all practical purposes.

 




 Actually those statistics don't seem all that bad.  One death is one too many and I am not making light of those who have lost their life in the line of duty.  But as jobs go being a police officer is not even in the top-10 list of most dangerous jobs in America:

1. Logging workers
2. Fishers and related fishing workers
3. Aircraft pilot and flight engineers
4. Roofers
5. Structural iron and steel workers
6. Refuse and recyclable material collectors
7. Electrical power-line installers and repairers
8. Drivers/sales workers and truck drivers
9. Farmers, ranchers, and other agricultural managers
10. Construction laborers

[SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jacquelynsmith/2013/08/22/americas-10-deadliest-jobs-2/) 




 FTR I did not write this.  Just passing it along. 









 This tank would be classified as a "light tank" at around 33 tons.  The T-90 is more a main battle tank and would probably fall into the medium tank category at around 47 tons.  For comparison the M1A1 Abrams comes in around 63 tons.
 




 What is wrong with using Steam for mods? [real question] 




 Is it just me or do the zombies here just not seem all that threatening?

They are slow zombies...very slow.  Add to that insanely dumb.  All well and good zombie behavior but seems avoiding them is pretty easy.  Just climb on stuff and you're fine.  If you have to run on the ground no biggie either...you can run right by them and they barely start to turn towards you before you're long gone.

Of course that boss guy at the end is bound to be a challenge but otherwise avoiding the zombies seems downright trivial and the occasional need to bash one seems like no fuss either.

I am missing the part where you are supposed to be really worried while running around???
 




 IIRC The Witcher and/or The Witcher 2 were among the most pirated games ever and came with no DRM.  I do not recall them being problematic games.
 




 I'd be really curious to see an analysis of how much more money the company makes while the game is "uncrackable" and paying someone however much it costs to make the DRM.

I suspect there are only a relative few who will buy the game in the first few days *only* because there is not a crack available.

There have been many analysis of piracy and its costs and IIRC the cost is negligible to the game companies.  Most people who pirate weren't going to buy the game no matter what.  I'd be surprised if the cost of paying the DRM producers is ever offset by an increase in sales.

I think the real issue is the executives of the company know DRM is nearly worthless but must do so to look good for the investors.
 




 I reject your two options and go with option #3.
 




 Hate to say it but that is not a sad cat face...that is a pissed off or frightened cat face. 

- Pupils dilated
- Ears flat and sideways

That is cat language for irritable or frightened and getting ready for aggression.  I even looked it up since I expect a lot of people to not believe it: [SOURCE](http://www.humanesociety.org/animals/cats/tips/cat_communication.html)
 




 Dogs are social animals.  They have a pack mentality.  When a baby is born to the pack they instinctively want to protect it as a new member of the pack.  




 Game of Thrones 




 Lower tolerance depends.  I can probably drink most 20-somethings under the table BUT I don't do shots or play drinking games anymore.  I know myself and my limits pretty well and can pace myself easily through a night of drinking.  I get and maintain a happy buzz without getting shitfaced (usually...still manage to overdo it occasionally).

What has definitely changed is recovery time.  In my 20's I could stay out till three, get up at six, go to work then go out again that night.

No more.  No way, no how.  Midnight is pushing it for me except for special occasions and recovery time is way longer.  I will be dragging ass big time the following day and don't really get all the way back to normal till 2-3 days later.

On the upside I cannot remember the last time I had a hangover (see the part above about pacing). 




 Drivers are insured.

When they have a customer Uber insurance is in effect.

When there is no passenger the driver's insurance is in effect (and must comply with whatever state law is about driver insurance).

Also, all their drivers undergo a [background check](http://blog.uber.com/driverscreening).
 




 This quote sums him up well for me.  The man was a mad genius.

*The trunk of the car looked like a mobile police narcotics lab. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers . . . and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls . . . Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. The only thing that really worried me was the ether. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.* ~ Hunter S. Thompson 




 The one bird went down hard but the second did a lot of flapping around.  Can that all be just muscle spasms?  Seems to me there was still some connection between brain and the rest of the bird telling it to "escape". Dunno though so really asking.
 




 He is in a blind he built (think of it like a tent he carried in there).  You can see it at 11:18 in the video.  The turkeys just walked right in front of it.

EDIT:  Why is this downvoted? 




  The trade off is that the American stealth jets, particularly the F-35, aren't as good ar close range dogfighting than non-stealth counterparts like the nimble Eurofighter.

Nah...the F-22 is freaking lethal in close combat.  Not so sure about the F-35 which is far less stealthy (good stealth head on, less so from the sides and even less from the back).

When the Raptor finds itself in a dogfight, it is no longer beyond visual range, but the advantage of stealth isn't diminished. It maintains "high ground" even at close range.

*"I can't see the [expletive deleted] thing," said RAAF Squadron Leader Stephen Chappell, exchange F-15 pilot in the 65th Aggressor Squadron. "It won't let me put a weapons system on it, even when I can see it visually through the canopy. [Flying against the F-22] annoys the hell out of me."*

Lt. Col. Larry Bruce, 65th AS commander, admits flying against the Raptor is a very frustrating experience. Reluctantly, he admitted "it's humbling to fly against the F-22," - humbling, not only because of its stealth, but also its unmatched maneuverability and power. [SOURCE](http://web.archive.org/web/20130126054056/http://www.acc.af.mil/news/story.asp?id=123041831)

It has a [30:1 kill ratio](http://www.flightglobal.com/blogs/the-dewline/2012/02/top-usaf-general-explains-exac/) in mock dog fights (like Red Flag exercises).  It is not invulnerable but you probably do not want to get into a real fight with one.

Also remember that this radar the Chinese are building is land based.  That's all well and good but the radars aboard their planes still can't see the F-22 very well.  So if this land based radar works the Chinese could probably vector fighters in for an intercept and the F-22 would probably just shoot them all down as they got close.  There is a big difference between putting a pilot within a few miles of an enemy plane and that plane engaging effectively.
 




 No. I seriously do not think he was thinking "Woo hoo! Free vacation!" 

That said there is nothing in his head to put a check on his actions. The rest of us worry about consequences. The police have almost none. 

Couple that with the power they wield and you have a recipe for real problems.  




 You're right.

On the flip side you have a perverse incentive to shoot someone.  Paid vacation time that doesn't even count as a vacation (you still get your vacation time).  

How do you solve this? [Serious question]

Make a claw-back provision that you get paid while under investigation but if you are found guilty they get their money back?  I dunno...

EDIT:  Spelling 









 Nah...HSBC got fined nearly $2 billion.  If they weren't at fault there'd be no fine.  Indeed they committed outright felonies that were on the books.  Hell, they admitted to it.

The real reason for no criminal prosecutions was because is they are [too big to jail](http://money.cnn.com/2012/12/12/news/companies/hsbc-money-laundering/). 

Yay justice! 




 If you want to discuss the merits (or lack of) the grand jury system that is a discussion for another place (and one well worth having).

The issue here is it is the job of the prosecutor to get an indictment.  Something they do with such overwhelming regularity as to make a farce of the grand jury system.

Now it is you and others who want to get all pious and say he did it right here and this is the way it always should be.

Again I will remind you the grand jury is not a fact finder.  That is a job for the trial court.  The prosecutor failed to obtain an indictment when it would have been trivially easy for him to get one (as he does in all other cases).

We've had other places where prosecutors conveniently decide for us such as (for instance) no criminal charges against people at HSBC for laundering multi-millions in drug money and terrorist money.  Or the flip side where a prosecutor hounded Aaron Schwartz to suicide despite all parties in the case not wanting to prosecute.

But hey...this time don't worry...the prosecutor is a good guy. 




 It is NOT obvious.  It is anything but obvious (read the article you linked to...there is eyewitness testimony that suggests otherwise).  THAT is why we are supposed to have trials so we can find the truth.

But that didn't happen here.   




 That's where you're wrong.

Remember the prosecutor is the ONLY one who brings evidence to a grand jury and they need not bring exculpatory evidence.  All he has to show is there is a genuine question at hand for the courts to decide.  This is why there is the saying they can indict a ham sandwich if they wanted to.

As the article you linked to showed there is no shortage of conflicting evidence.  It would have been trivial to get an indictment here and him releasing all that evidence to the grand jury was just muddying the water.

The grand jury is NOT a fact finder.  That is the job for a regular trial.  One that will not happen now.

So yeah...prosecutor shit canned his own trial.
 




 in a high profile situation like this, the prosecutors didn't really have much of a choice about if they wanted to seek an indictment or not, and the facts didn't matter. regardless of what the situation was, an indictment was going to be sought, simply because the case had become a media circus.

So you're saying the prosecutor decided he didn't want to prosecute this case but felt compelled to so he intentionally ruined the grand jury trial?

I can go with that.  I think that is the sense most people have of it today. 




  your chart is also irrelevant, because he wasn't being judged by a federal grand jury.

It is not completely irrelevant since it shows how these things tend to roll.  State courts may be different but you would not expect them to be all that different:

Wilsons case was heard in state court, not federal, so the numbers arent directly comparable. Unlike in federal court, most states, including Missouri, allow prosecutors to bring charges via a preliminary hearing in front of a judge instead of through a grand jury indictment. That means many routine cases never go before a grand jury. Still, legal experts agree that, at any level, it is extremely rare for prosecutors to fail to win an indictment.

If the prosecutor wants an indictment and doesnt get one, something has gone horribly wrong, said Andrew D. Leipold, a University of Illinois law professor who has written critically about grand juries. It just doesnt happen. [SOURCE](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/ferguson-michael-brown-indictment-darren-wilson/)
 




 It is the prosecutor's job to get an indictment.  Full stop.

All they need to show is probable cause for a trial.  A very, very low bar to get over.

The prosecutor is under no obligation to put any and ALL evidence up for the grand jury.  The prosecutor controls what the grand jury sees.  They can and do routinely only put up evidence that supports the case for a trial.  That they put up so much evidence in this case is telling.

The grand jury is not a fact finding body.  They ONLY determine if a trial is merited and as has been noted it is trivially easy to get indictments.

This easily should have resulted in an indictment and then it would have gone to a trial where the facts would be hammered out.  This grand jury prevented that from happening.
 




 Everyone remember Total War: Rome II.

If you pre-order this game you're a bigger fool than I am and that's saying something.

Never again Creative Assembly...never, ever again...

(Not saying don't buy it...saying wait till release and give it a week to see how it shapes up...well, well worth the wait from past experience.) 




 [SOURCE](https://www.nycourts.gov/history/legal-history-new-york/luminaries-court-appeals/wachtler-sol.html):

Judge Wachtler was well aware that one weed can often cast a shadow over acres of fecund crops. When he was an Associate Judge, he had given a speech in which he stated that any prosecutor who wanted to could get a Grand Jury to indict a ham sandwich. The statement became so much a part of the American lexicon that Tom Wolfe quoted the statement and its author in his best-selling book, The Bonfire of The Vanities. 




 Not me.  I have seen this happen.

A woman called support saying her monitor (a CRT) was messed up.  I went to check and the screen was all wavy.  I noticed next to her monitor she had a small fan (a lot smaller than the one in the OP).  I turned the fan off and the monitor stopped being all wavy.

She complained that it could not possibly be the fan.  So I turned the fan on and physically moved it away from the monitor and back again.  Waviness stopped, waviness started again...repeat that a few times.

She told me, "But I need my fan!"  I shrugged and told her she now knew what the problem was and the solution.  If she preferred the fan enough to deal with the wavy monitor that was her call.

It does not matter if the hard drive has more powerful magnets.  The issue is spinning the disk platters in a magnetic field.  If that field is strong enough it can start flipping bits on the disk platters which will introduce errors over time.

I *do not* know if that motor puts out a magnetic field sufficient to do this but I do know there is one and it is noticeable.  I'd say running the laptop near an unshielded motor like that is a legitimate worry.  It can also potentially induce current in wires nearby which would also be a problem. 




 The first thing to remember is the speed of light will be measured as the *same speed* no matter how fast you are moving.

This is counter-intuitive.  If you are standing next to a railroad and a train goes by at 50mph it zooms by but if you are driving next to the train at 45mph you will measure the train's speed (relative to you) as 5mph.

Not so for light.  No matter how fast you go you will *always* measure the speed of light at around 300,000km/s.

So now you have a problem.  If you are on your spaceship going 50% the speed of light and measure the same speed as I do standing still how can we reconcile that?

Well, speed is Distance/Time.  So, miles per hour or kilometers per second or whatever you are using to measure those.

Think of the train example again.  If you are in the car going 45mph you would say the train is going 5mph (relative to you).  BUT in this case let's pretend the train is light and we BOTH measure its speed at 50mph.  The only way to make your measurement agree with mine is to adjust the rate your clock ticks at (and in the case of relativity length gets contracted too but we'll ignore that part for now).

The only way to stretch out what you *think* should be a measured speed of 5mph to 50mph is to slow your clock down.  The longer it takes between ticks the faster whatever you are measuring will seem to be.  

It is worth noting the clock only seems to move more slowly for someone not moving looking at someone who is moving.  To the person moving everything will seem normal. 




 Fascinating stuff.  Should be required listening for everyone. 




 Let's say you have a lemonade stand selling lemonade to passersby.  Your stand is doing good business and you want to expand your operations but you do not have enough money to buy all the stands you want.  So you offer to sell people an interest in your company.

Let's say you create 1,000 shares of stock and give yourself 500 of them (so you retain 50% ownership of your company).  You sell the other 500 shares.  These shares are sold on a stock market.  The stock market acts as a price discovery mechanism.  Potential investors look at your company and decide what 1/1000 of your company is worth (the share price for each share).

When all is said and done you will own 50% of your company and investors will own the other 50% of your company. 




 Nothing in particular.  We have planes that do this and of course the Space Shuttle and ISS do this.  

Remember the speed the earth is spinning at is different at different latitudes with it being fastest at the equator and slower the further you get away from the equator.  At the poles you could walk faster than the earth spins.

 




 It has been shown again and again that ownership rates have no effect on violent crime rates.

Well, a quick Google search shows there are studies that disagree:

Given those flaws in the studies showing no effect, the Leigh and Neill study appears the most reliable of the ones conducted. It seems reasonably clear, then, that the gun buyback led to a large decline in suicides, and weaker but real evidence that it reduced homicides as well. [SOURCE](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/08/02/did-gun-control-work-in-australia/)
 




 It has been shown again and again that ownership rates have no effect on violent crime rates.

What about violent crime outcomes?  I.e. How many deaths, how many hospitalizations, how many "successful crimes" (e.g. the perp got away with the purse) and so on. 

(Serious question)
 




 I just broke...or perhaps modified is more accurate...my personal policy on no pre-orders by pre-ordering Dragon Age: Inquisition.  I reasoned that in this particular case the game has been out for review for a week already, game reviews were all very positive (from sources I trust) AND that Origin has a return policy that lets me return the game up to 24 hours after I first start playing it.

The only other game I might break my rule on is The Witcher 3 because CD Projekt Red has earned my trust and if I can reward them for it in some small way I am happy to do so.

Without a return policy like Origin though I will pretty much never pre-order on Steam again (I'm looking at you Total War: Rome II).
 




 He said "food trough wiper"?

Holy shit...been forever and I though it was "fruit drop of water".

Yeah...didn't make sense to me either.

I feel like a lifelong mystery has been revealed to me.  

Thanks! (really) 




 They tried the same thing with Vista and it didn't work.

I stuck with XP, along with a jillion other folks, and ignored Vista and DX-10 (11?) with no problem.  Some few games had neat extra features but wasn't enough to move anyone.  Windows 7 made the move worthwhile.

I am NOT saying Windows 10 is good or bad (no one can say yet).  I am merely saying their bullshit strong-arming people to adopt the new system won't work.  If Windows 10 is better people will move.  If not they won't.  DX-12 won't really decide it and game developers will make their games for what the majority of people have.
 




  I'm not saying that they can't be susceptible to mental health issues but narcissism for the average person and narcissism for celebrity just cannot be held in the same light. Nobody is going to celebrate you but you at the end of the day.

Huh?

You just gave a laundry list of the accolades West has received.  He has received tons of recognition from his peers and fills arenas with tens of thousands of fans, has people like you defending him at all costs and is surrounded by sycophants.

I submit he is quite well celebrated and does not need to pat himself on the back.
 




 Where is it written that good musicians can't have mental problems?

Robin Williams suffered from paranoia and depression.  Kurt Cobain had depression.  Michelangelo [may have been autistic](http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/news/20040526/did-michelangelo-have-autism).  Isaac Newton may have had [bi-polar disorder or been autistic.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/09/isaac-newton-facts-physicist_n_4058836.html)

Great people who contribute a lot can and do have issues.  They are human.  No matter how high a pedestal you want to put them on they are not immune to human shortcomings.

Look up [narcissistic personality disorder](http://psychcentral.com/disorders/narcissistic-personality-disorder-symptoms/) then watch that video of him again or watch him at the VMA awards crashing the stage and ruining Taylor Swift's award moment.  On and on it goes with him. 




 Can you say "narcissist"?

He is seriously one of the best examples of a narcissistic personality disorder I have ever seen.  Not just a little bit but pathological and should seek professional help.  I do not know how others can tolerate being around him even if he is rich. 




 Picture a long, endless dungeon of a room of cubicles in the EA basement.  Programmers are chained to their desks slaving away on the next iteration of micro-transactions.

On the EA floor map they have a box drawn around cubicles 3a, 4a and 5a and call it "Maxis" because those guys are doing work on Maxis-Clone-Game-22.

Calling Maxis a distinct development group is nuts.  They work for EA and their paychecks are signed by EA and they are beholden to whatever insane thing some suit in EA marketing dreams up and I would be surprised if any of the creative talent from Maxis is still there.

Maxis is just a name used for marketing purposes by EA because it still carries some cache with gamers who fondly remember the cool stuff they once did.
 




 Don't forget Bullfrog!  Really miss those guys...
 




 That does not mean the original team is largely or even partially intact.

I recently read that while Bungie exists as its own development studio pretty much none of the original team behind Halo is left.

I *do not know* if this is true of Maxis or not.  I am just pointing out that being a distinct sub-unit within EA producing specific games does not mean much in and of itself.  More like a line item on an EA accountant's books than anything else.
 




 The making of Apocalypse Now was so screwy from start to finish it is almost unbelievable.  Indeed there is a whole documentary on it: [Hearts of Darkness: A Filmaker's Apocalypse](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102015/) (it's worth watching).  

One of my favorite bits is this:

Sheen then added his own dose of mayhem, a result of the severe alcoholic phase he was going through.

In the opening scenes, Willard has a violent mental breakdown brought on by heavy drinking. Sheen played it with all the stunning realism of a man who was himself out of his head on booze after a 24-hour birthday bender.

He could hardly stand up and when, for the film, he smashed a mirror with his fist, he was so drunk he didn't realise his hand was badly cut and streaming blood. Those on the set with him were on tenterhooks, scared that he was going to take a swing at the director and the camera crew.

Shortly afterwards, Sheen collapsed with a heart attack, though he was just 36 years old, and was found crawling along a road looking for help. The jungle heat may have had something to do with his condition, but his drinking and the fact that he was woefully out of shape for such a demanding role can't have helped.

When Coppola heard the news, he had an epileptic fit of his own. He blamed himself and ordered a news black-out on Sheen's illness.

'Even if he dies, he's not dead until I say so,' he told startled studio bosses back in Hollywood. [SOURCE](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-1233293/The-maddest-movie-Why-Apocalypse-Now-finest-film-modern-times.html) 




 This is a variation on the [Double Slit experiment](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfPeprQ7oGc).  For this the important part to know is when you shoot a particle at the double slits you get an interference pattern behind the double slits BUT you cannot know which slit the particle went through.

If you put some measuring device at the double slits to see which slit the particle went through the interference pattern behind the slits disappears.  In short, the act of observing the system causes the quantum wave function to collapse and it behaves classically.

The quantum eraser experiment is similar to the double slit but it is setup in such a way as to see if it is the act of observing the particle that causes the wave function to collapse.

Basically, instead of watching at the double slit to see which path the particle went through they put a camera behind the double slit to see if a wave or a particle came through.

The weird part is, once again, the wave is there till they look, even *after* the wave has gone through the double slit.  This implies that history is changed.  The particle went through as a wave, was observed after the fact so it reverts to a particle and then re-writes its own history so it was a particle going through the double slit.

Weird stuff.

*""Anyone not shocked by quantum mechanics has not yet understood it."* ~Niels Bohr

 




 What you're forgetting and they are conveniently neglecting is *everyone dies*.  So sure, tobacco harms people but their calculation is suggesting that if you do not smoke you will have no health care costs and that is of course wrong.

According to one study (Banarto, McClellan, Kagy and Garber, 2004), 30% of all Medicare expenditures are attributed to the 5% of beneficiaries that die each year, with 1/3 of that cost occurring in the last month of life.  I know there are other studies out there that say slightly different things, but the reality is simple: we spend an incredible amount of money on that last year and month.  [SOURCE](http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelbell/2013/01/10/why-5-of-patients-create-50-of-health-care-costs/)

Note that they are not distinguishing WHY these people are sick and dying.  It doesn't matter whether a cigarette caused it or old age caused it.  In the end people die and end of life care is expensive. 
 




 The bullshit of the thing here is smokers pay a sin tax on every pack of cigarettes which can be substantial (in Chicago where I live the tax on a pack of smokes is [$7.42](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/10/21/proposed-chicago-cigarette-tax-would-be-highest-rate-in-nation/)).  That is JUST the tax...then add in the actual cost of the pack and profit and so on and you easily hit $12/pack in downtown Chicago.

As if that was not enough we had the states sue the tobacco companies for many, many billions of dollars to cover the cost that smoking cost them via healthcare costs.

Then consider that dying is expensive regardless of why you are dying.  Old people dying of old age shit cost as much as a young smoker dying of lung cancer.

But wait, there's more...smokers die younger so they tend to not collect on Social Security.  All the money they paid in the government keeps.  From the government's perspective, if all they care about is the fiscal bottom line, smokers are fucking awesome!

Bottom line is smokers do not cost society money.  Some do, many don't and when all is said and done it is about a wash.
 




 This seems an unusual post for here but not sure what other subreddit might be more appropriate.

I think it is an interesting question. 









