 i see you are grooming yourself. i think you are clean enough. my turn!  




 bonded buns together are just about the cutest thing in the universe 




 That said, there were some rabbits at BunnyFest wearing theirs all day! 




 That is exactly what she did as soon as I stopped petting her - this picture is taken in the split second between removing my hand and the ear flick ;) 




 o.m.g.

that is the cutest bunny ever! 




 Congrats! To many more comfortable, trusting flops! 




 This is so cool!  




 See also: licking his paws on top of her head while she wishes he was licking her ears

http://imgur.com/Ov1Yqya 




 http://therabbithaven.org/bunnyfest2014/ 




 http://therabbithaven.org/bunnyfest2014/ 




 Two buns. Izzy, the REW is trying desperately to get Rox to groom her - while he ignores her and licks his thigh instead. 




 Pics when you do, please! 
























 One's a word. The other isn't.

Regardless means without regard.

Ir is a prefix usually negating what follows. (ir-responsible, ir-replaceable)

RegardLESS already negates the regard.

IR-regardless would mean NOT regardless. People use it to mean regardless. It isn't a word, and if it were it wouldn't mean what you are trying to use it to say.  




 And if you are going to have a yard rabbit - be aware that this is a house rabbit community and your decision to keep your rabbit outside will concern the users here and they will speak up about it. 

It isn't about being harsh (though it is true people sometimes are) - it all comes from concern for the animals. As someone who volunteers for a rescue and shelter, I have seen rabbits who lived outdoors come in with bites, wounds, mites, infections, nails longer than my fingers, abscesses, urine scald, sore hocks, etc. Some of these conditions are caused by being kept outdoors (mites and predator bites definitely are higher risks for outdoor rabbits) and others are simply let to go on too long because they aren't noticed as the rabbit isn't getting proper attention. 

Those of us who have seen the results of people keeping their rabbits outdoors are going to have strong feelings about it. Because it is not pretty - not because we dislike you. 

Vet bills for rabbits are expensive as they are seen as an "exotic" pet and require special vets, and the heartache of feeling like you failed your pet or they are sick because of something you could have prevented is just not worth it. 

Just make sure you know what you are getting into and are prepared to offer your rabbit a good home for its entire life. 
 




 No one has said it yet, so I will. Don't buy a rabbit, adopt one. Check out your local rescues and animal shelters. You can get a perfectly healthy, already fixed rabbit without contributing to breeders (who often are in it for profit and not for the well-being of the animals). 

If you don't want a lot of grooming - stay away from lionheads, angoras, woolies, and all the super fuzzy breeds. 

Be aware that you will have to brush your rabbit multiple times a week during molt, and that you will need to brush it at least once a week the rest of the time. (Assuming it is not a fuzzy breed)

Dwarf breeds are smaller when they are older - but come with higher risk for certain health problems. If you are looking for low maintenance a big red eyed white may be a safer bet. 

And please, read up on rabbits. They really are safer and more comfortable indoors. There are a lot of reasons and u/vgr1 already linked you to a great video detailing them. 
This is not me saying you are just going to throw it out there and ignore it - but that doesn't change the fact that they are safer indoors. 

Rabbits do require a good amount of caring for. You won't find a breed that doesn't unless you find a colony of wild cottontails to relocate to your yard. 

One huge reason it is good to have your rabbit indoors is because you notice things more quickly. Rabbits live on a sped up timeline - they can be fine today, not eat tonight, and die tomorrow. If your rabbit is living in the same space as you it is far more likely you will notice the change and get them to a vet. This also speaks to the amount of care they require - as a prey animal they try to hide their illness. In prey species - signs of weakness make you a target for predators. You need to be paying close attention to your pet in order to see changes in behavior or physical changes that signify major problems (and sometimes problems that can kill your pet within 24 hours). Rabbits in general don't require a ton of grooming - brushing once a week and a nail trim every 6 weeks - but they do require a lot of attention that they may not get in the backyard. 

Check out some of the articles, research proper care, and when you are ready, adopt - don't buy.    :D 




 Vet like everyone says. 

But for the record - bathing a rabbit with urine stains all over is not bad. Usually you would use just water or very very mild soap with no fragrance, and only wash the butt, gently because the skin is sensitive from urine scald - but we do this all the time with rabbits whose bottoms are urine-soaked as the urine needs to be washed off or it will continue to burn the skin.  




 He doesn't actually bite ;)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq8Ac2nAXJA

(his shelter name was Herschel, I assure you this is Squishy) 




 wtf is a cylinder fruit? 




 I like it - what is the point of the huge pot of soil at the bottom though? Is it only there to make the post stand? 




 Spending a few grand on a whole new wardrobe 




 I think your bunny looks cute. I love the curved bun! I call mine a croissant when he sleeps like that. Yours has its eye wide open, too - not so dead looking.  




 Mine look pretty dead, too. That said, dead-looking can be scary at first, but kind of cute in that they are willing to be super vulnerable and are clearly at home in their environment. 

https://scontent-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/t1.0-9/1621842_256824737821983_120758305_n.jpg

https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/t1.0-9/q71/s720x720/1209135_197527637085027_708437528_n.jpg 




 It blows my mind that people will watch people be horrible parents on TV. How is it okay for these parents to behave like this in the first place? And why are we okay enough with it that we will watch it as entertainment, encouraging the behavior? (Toddlers in Tiaras, Dance Moms, that kinda stuff)  




 do it anyway 




 we use pine pellet horse bedding. Similar to wood stove pellets but I think they restrict the wood used a little more. The kiln process burns off any harmful phenols that wood shaving litter contains. 

it is $10 for a 40 lb bag where I live, but if you are in an area with agriculture and horses it can be $5 for the same bag. 

They are really absorbent and the odor isn't bad. You do have to change your litter every 2-3 days to keep odor down, with any litter. 




 We have 4 rabbits, 2 are a bonded pair that took about 2 weeks to get solid enough we were comfortable leaving them alone together (actually probably could have done it sooner but we were careful), and 2 we have been trying to bond for a year. 

The 2 that we are trying to bond - They get along well in close quarters and cuddling on a lap, but any attempts to have them play together or hang out in a small neutral space they get nippy and sometimes fight. We can't house them together because of this, but they do live in side by side pens. They will often flop next to each other and nose each other through the bars. They look like they are chatting sometimes. It is clear to us that although they aren't "bonded" and we can't leave them alone together, they get something out of the relationship and would probably be lonely were we to separate them or put a solid barrier between their separator bars. 
Background: We had walter, chose gwen, did a test bonding with our rescue that went well so we adopted her and started doing bonding at home.

I would definitely be aware that this scenario may happen. Bonding buns is an active process that takes patience and some rabbits just don't get along. 

Our other rabbits - we adopted rox after fostering him because we fell in love. Having 3 single rabbits we tried some 3 way bonding which seemed to get walter and gwen a little closer and they both hated rox. We ended up taking rox to an adoption show to meet other rabbits and the first one he met they were grooming each other within the half hour we were sitting with them. we adopted Izzy and brought her home and worked daily with them - with a totally different approach. We worked with them IN their pen - and put a divider up when we weren't doing bonding. There were no problems with them ever and I think they were just a good match.

So, with this pair, Rox had been the original rabbit. He had been dumped at the shelter by his family and I think had some abandonment issues. He clung to me, licked me, humped me, circled me - part of how he won a place in our home :-p
Once Izzy was in the picture, Rox mellowed WAY out. He still cuddles me and licks me some, but he is nowhere near as needy and seems more confident. Izzy is a huge lover and our most affectionate rabbit and I know she loves having him for a mate.

Basically, I think all of our rabbits get a lot from having other rabbits in their life. Rox and Izzy are definitely the shining example as he has changed so much for the better with her, and she just loves loving too much to be alone. Even Walter and Gwen seem to enjoy each others company.

I would be aware that if you are able to bond them it is easier as you have one set of dishes, one pen, one litter box. And I would be aware that it may take a while to get there. Be prepared to care for two separate rabbits if you decide to adopt, and take advantage of any matchmaking your local rescue may do. If you let your rabbit pick his friend it will make it much easier on you.  




 http://imgur.com/KqJxJSo 




 Unfortunately "on-hand" is as good as a "Free Bunnies!" craigslist ad away :-/ It was probably intended as a joke that you wouldn't actually have bunnies on hand, but putting the idea to add a rabbit to your basket in people's heads is the opposite of what we work for. "Add a bunny if you're prepared for the 10-year commitment" would be more acceptable.  




