 Speed. I was 6. My entire family loved (and still loves) that movie, we'd watch it all the time. 




 There was a MAP communication like four or five months ago that said we're supposed to mark food down 50% up to 90 days after expiration. 

Either way, though, this company is super wasteful. We're not allowed to sell the food, take it home, give it away, donate it... we just have to throw it in the trash. It's ridiculous. 




 I'm in WA too, and my store is hiring, especially for Easy Tech.  




 Came here to say this. That grilled cheese he makes for his kid in the beginning... my god. Watched that movie once and I still think about that sandwich all the time. 




 Like someone else said, Napoleon Dynamite. I never appreciated it when I was younger. Also HATED The Departed when I first saw it, I wanted to leave the theater. But I must have been a total moron back then because now I love it. 




 A Few Good Men 




 Primal Fear. 




 No one truly knows what's going to go down. I'm sick of hearing these bogus threats on every conference call. Maybe Staples is going to keep some Office Depot locations because the people that don't like Staples like Office Depot. Maybe they're going to keep every single location of both stores and turn them all into Staples Depot Max.

NO ONE knows, especially us. The merger hasn't even been approved yet. I don't like Staples, I've worked for the company for too long for too little, but these scare tactics are just stupid. 




 I watch Veep and every time someone goes into their supply closet it's full of Staples products. Pens, paper, folders, everything.

Same with Chasing Life, but they put like a post it on every Staples logo, but it's still clearly our stuff.

This is how you know you've worked at Staples too long. 




 Target - all black shoes, $8. And I'm sure they have pants, too. Dress code is a pain in the ass. I despise telling people they have to tuck in their shirt, so much that I don't really care unless their ass is hanging out. But someone shows up in yoga pants... that's another situation. 




 Interstellar (2)
The Avengers (3)
Inception (4) [boyfriend I were obsessed about the different theories so every time a new one came out we saw it again]
The Dark Knight (2)
Star Trek (3)
 




 The last half hour of so of Speed drives me INSANE. I love Speed, I have seen it literally 50 times. I just cannot stand the whole subway part.

I know they had to resolve it but god it's awful. 




 My boyfriend I have two american eskimos (SUPER hairy and fluffy dogs). We recently got one of those Himalayan salt lamps and it really seems to have reduced the dust and the air seems clearer. 




