 Thanks 




 how do you get his thumb over the top of the arrow? 




 its oddly cathartic  














 The Rundown 




 shit.
 









 http://i.imgur.com/WXiT405.gif
 




 Bullock destroys that indians head for-fucking-ever.  http://i.imgur.com/xz95ELB.gif 




 I'm using After Effects for most of it.  Started with this [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzvWAZMWxek) a couple weeks ago and gave [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bz0ObpGw_z0) one a shot when someone asked for a downvote gif. 

 




 http://i.imgur.com/6zbAZTa.gif 




 I'm doing this for the practice. First ever attempt at a downvote gif. http://i.imgur.com/7dPoGkc.gif 




 http://i.imgur.com/Sak4w3R.gif 




 there isn't a great place to cut it but here you go. http://i.imgur.com/Njo4YrD.gif 




 http://i.imgur.com/kOQKbCN.gif 




 http://i.imgur.com/vsLIbqQ.gif 




 http://i.imgur.com/HKbGuLV.gif 














 Man, The Stag logo is like sending up a Belleville flare.  I was in China a few years ago. I took a day trip and was bullshitting with the other people in the group.  I mentioned I was from Belleville and the first thing they said  was oh,  where they used to brew Stag? Fucking surreal.  Literally as far away from home as I can possibly be and the first thing people think of when I say Belleville is Stag. 




 Its funny because he has aids.
 




 Gustav Vigeland installation in Frogner Park in Oslo, Norway. not even close to the weirdest shit there.   




  When you assume there's only one god, you're assuming the truth of at least one religion

Not so. Why couldnt each culture find its own expression of something universal that is beyond all of them? If you want to look at it in a narrow way I suppose you could say that makes all of them wrong, but I think it makes more sense to consider all of them right. I refer you to my own comment above:

 If lots of religions root their traditions in divine origin then one of the things that is common of religions is that they claim diving origin. Religions are cultural-linguistic traditions through which wisdom traditions are able to gain traction in and be transmitted through history. Religions reflect the culture and language from which they are born, and if they are around long enough, which they become.
Lots of cultures means lots of religions. Some religions are monotheistic, some polytheistic, some pantheistic, some henotheistic. It is not uncommon for a religion that is one of these now to have been something else in the past. It is the nature of culture and language to evolve and progress and concepts of god evolve right along with them.
To address your question more directly, many Christians refer to John 14:6 I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. to claim exclusivity. But many theologians simply ask the question. if Jesus is the way, what is the way that Jesus is? meaning that Jesus could be the incarnation of the way just as he is the incarnation of the word but that the way is not an exclusive path but a universal one that is accessible through all of the worlds religious traditions.
A simpler question might just be why would the creator of the entire universe with all its splendor and diversity choose to be known in only one of the worlds religions?  




 let us not forget the trinity 




 If lots of religions root their traditions in divine origin then one of the things that is common of religions  is that they claim diving origin.  Religions are cultural-linguistic traditions through which wisdom traditions are able to gain traction in and be transmitted through history.  Religions reflect the culture and language from which they are born, and if they are around long enough,  which they become.  

Lots of cultures means lots of religions. Some religions are monotheistic, some polytheistic, some pantheistic, some henotheistic. It is not uncommon for a religion that is one of these now to have been something else in the past. It is the nature of culture and language to evolve and progress and concepts of god evolve right along with them.  

To address your question more directly, many Christians refer to John 14:6  I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. to claim exclusivity. But many theologians simply ask the question. if Jesus is the way, what is the way that Jesus is? meaning that Jesus could be the incarnation of the way just as he is the incarnation of the word but that the way is not an exclusive path but a universal one that is accessible through all of the worlds religious traditions.

A simpler question might just be why would the creator of the entire universe with all its splendor and diversity choose to be known in only one of the worlds religions?

I love this sub
 




 The point is that the entire continent is like a giant showroom for evolution.  It's packed with unique and uniquely adapted species.  




 I didn't think creationists were allowed to *believe* in Australia.  




 Blood on the Tracks - Bob Dylan.  Classic heartbreak album 




 upvote 




 I'll upvote gifs from The Wire all day. They don't even have to be good. 




