









 I either want to major in Music (been building repertoire for the past 15 years) or major in an IT-related major like Spatial Systems or CS... 









 Good luck! 




 When companies usually state a BS as a requirement, would a degree like MEng, MPhil or PhD be overkill? 



















 I was in a destructive relationship with my girlfriend who had a terminal illness and I just wanted to give up because I couldn't bear to see her slowly fade as the days went by but I persisted and was at her side even during her last moments. 


































 Hey all, I really love the sounds of the violin and have tons of friends who are amazing violinists and i'm kinda inspired to be like them and learn the violin but... i'm 19... I feel as if i'm too old.

Now, while I don't have any unrealistic goals of ever reaching their level considering how they're already breezing through pieces like the Bach Chaccone, Mendelssohn Concertos, Caprices, etc. I don't know if it's the right move... will I forever sound like crap and be bounded to Suzuki-like-pieces? :(

I have some musical experience, i've been playing the piano for 15 years and have done my FRSM in music theory so I hope that can help a bit. I'm open to all advice! 




 She got tired after her laughing fit and went straight to sleep, leaving me alone, cold, lonely and very horny :( 




 Hey all, i'm going to go get a classical guitar to learn soon and was wondering if ya'll had any advice! 

I'm 18 and i've been playing the classical piano for 15 years and what I found with the piano is that at the beginning fundamental exercises like Czerny,Hanon,etc. are essential in building technique. Is there a similar thing for the guitar? 

I'm open to any advice, thanks! 




 So we were having a really hot make out/foreplay session and I (who was super horny), trying to be fucking suave, decided to just look her in her eyes to ramp up the hotness.

Our eyes lock on to each other and it was incredibly hot and beautiful and I decided to talk dirty. In the heat of the moment I said: "My tits are waiting for you". 

Let's just say the night ended there. 









 Impressive research, however through using Flaigocol mathematical derivations whereby the Hilbert spaces denote the Barnarch-Tarski paradox in equilibrium with the Fredhold theorem whereby the Erdos-nagy is 0, were can derive the Farrel-Markushevich in light of the Malgrage-Ehrenpresis if we denote the ZJ and Z* as the consant found in the Talor-Proudman. Thus:

Rasputin - Rasp[berry] = Utin[erry] 

Your mathematical rigour, though elegant, is flawed.

QED.
 




 One year! Damn :(, so no hard boners during sex for a year? 




 How people often allude Patriotism to the military. 


I mean come on, I love my country and feel that there are tons of other ways to show this love OUTSIDE the friggin military!  




 My great grandmother calling me fat when I was already anorexic and around 49 kilos as a 175 cm male. 




