 I've already forgiven him... 














 That's it! 




 Yeah, the houses on the otherside that's my neighborhood. You can actually see my house (or what's left of it) clearly from 35 now. It still doesn't feel real.  




 It's the best form of therapy. 




 For now , we are staying with my boyfriend. The house will be rebuilt eventually and I do have coverage on it's contents. Most will be replaced, but the memories attached to certain items and all the keepsakes, trophies, they are gone and I can't get them back. My car was totaled as well, It really wasn't worth very much and I'm not sure what I'm going to do there. Thankfully I do have insurance. My neighbor has no coverage on her vehicle or contents. She now has to start completely over. She's also a single mother of two. Through it all she was still trying to give me some of what she was able to salvage. It breaks my heart.  




 Thank you! 




 I don't have a roof, but the garage and kitchen still had a ceiling at the time. No refrigerator sized holes in either. 




 Yeah, my house was hit by a tornado.  




 Thank you so much!!! It's been hard, but then there's people like you that have made this process so much easier. 




 Thank you so much!The amount of support I've felt has been surreal... Right down to all the volunteers going through my neighborhood and handing out water and gatorade as we try to salvage and clean up what's been left. Had I been 2 houses over, I wouldn't have anything to salvage. I lost my entire roof and so much more, my house is a complete loss, but I still have some to take away from it. The rest of my neighborhood was completely flattened. When I came out of the storm shelter, there was nothing to my left.... Nothing. My children are safe, and I found all my pets, so many were not that lucky. My heart hurts for all the children and innocent lost in this storm. I don't know if I should feel guilty or relieved.  




 No shit!! 




 Risque... 




 Aren't they just beautiful!?! 




 I'm ridiculously impressed... It was a bitch to get the damn thing in there. Kinda glad I don't have to worry about how I'm gonna get it out now. 




 One fantastically delicious bottle!!! (I had three.) And thank you. 




 It definitely fucking flies... 




 A-FUCKING-MEN!!!  




 It still had my wine inside, so I'm pretty sure it's mine. 




 Thank you! I am just really thankful my neighbor had a storm shelter put in last year! It amazes me to see how the community has come together for all of us. I don't know what I would do without people like you. 




 Yes, just across I35 from the Warren and Medical center. My house is a total loss and the neighborhood was completely obliterated. 




 *her 









 I'm not that kind of girl... 




