 video is not working
 




 I don't think they kissed in the tunnel. 




 All he had to do was use a little flaps.  Correct procedure makes a big difference. 




 What were they doing? 




 Where did the guy go so quickly?  he only had a few seconds and then explosion and tones of debris.

Edit: Just realized they cut it right after he left you can see the lighting shift just a little. 




 wow that is an amazing theory.  but wasn't she using that moon tea and wouldn't they have noticed while she was in prison and when she was walking naked through kings landing? 




 What makes you think she is pregnant? 




 I think that came after or only a tiny bit before the red wedding though. 




 Which passage are you talking about?  I would love to see that. 




 Yea and it can be cost effective for the airport, I don't know why more of them are not doing it. 




 I just noticed in that video he says "slightly below nominal" right after he reads off the altitude. 




 Can't forget with the suborbital Mercury flights they were pulling around 10g's I think. 




 Yo encontre esta mapa de las rutas de autobuses en Puebla. 









 Thats how I feel Nobody really knows what to expect. 









 Can someone explain what we are seeing? Are the early cutoff those plumes of smoke? 




 There was a slightly early cutoff? 




 Does anyone else think that it landed really close to shore?  

It looks like they could have used a crane to recover it and if there had been crew inside they could have walked/swam to shore. 














 Astronomers can do a suprising amount with Earth based observations. For instance they have made accurate estimations of the [mass of Pluto and Charon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pluto#Mass_and_size) by obserbing the orbital periods.  Using [spectroscopy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spectroscopy) they can also learn things like the composition of the atmosphere.  All of these things are great, but all of them can be improved on greatly through a mission like that of New Horizons.  First of all you can measure things that are not possible to measure with ground based operations, like wether Pluto has a magnetic field.  You ask what is so important about a magnetic field?  Well the properties of a magnetic field can give you a great deal of information about the interior structure of a planet.  One of the biggest things a close up mission like this can do is give you clear pictures of what the body actually looks like.  This gives you a lot of science on its own.  Up until now this [picture taken by Hubble](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Pluto_animiert_200px.gif) is the best one we have had of Pluto.  The flyby wil give us incredibly clear images of the planet that should give us all kinds of information.  Since this is the first Kuiper Belt object we will fly by we don't really know what to expect.  That is part of what makes this mission so amazing, for the first time in decades we are getting ready to fly by an object we know very little about.  It is comparable to the first time we flew by Mars with [Mariner 4](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariner_4), the first time we flew by Jupiter [Pioneer 10](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pioneer_10), or the first time we flew by Uranus and Neptune with [Voyager 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voyager_2). 

TLDR:  There is no substitute for close observations of a planet and with the different instruments on board we should be able to extrapolate a lot not only about Pluto and its past, but about many other Kuiper belt objects. 




 /r/Puebla esta abierta horita. 




 Venga a /r/Puebla horita esta abierta. 




 Come check out /r/New_Horizons we are posting updates all the time. 




 /r/Puebla es la nueva lugar de este Subreddit / /r/Puebla is the new location for this subreddit. 




 Hola todos y Bienvenido a /r/Puebla!!! Esta es el primer anuncia del subreddit y Qu mejor da para abrir esta subreddit de Cinco De Mayo! 




 Yea I understand that.  If it does pass I sure hope that it gets struck down. 




 I strongly believe that when punishment starts to become disproportionate to the crime people loose confidence in the system.  It is hard to believe that someone might get jail time for this and that they would have to register as sex offenders.  These rulings are proof that our judicial system is broken. 




 Happy Cinco De Mayo Everyone.  If anyone has any questions, comments, theories about Pluto, please post them.  This will be our first comment thread. 




 yea i found the tarantino one after i made this post. 




 I don't get how this is constitutional? 




 Wow I did not know that, thanks. 




 Yea I get that and i have been throwing caution to the wind more lately. 




 Where did this rule come from? 




 I thought she was married? 




 I have about 70 hours and I got my PPL about 2 years ago.  Its a bunch of fun.  

My best advice to you as a new pilot is never get complacent.  Be exact and precise and most of all be cautious.  When you start to feel like you have got it all down and start to push the envelope is when it will come and bite you in the butt.  Their are old pilots and their are bold pilots but their are no old bold pilots. 




 Can you link them? 




 That was pretty good for your first landing.  I had a "death grip" on the controls according to my instructor during my first lesson.  I probably could not land it like that until I had 10-15 hours under my belt.

You should post this over at /r/flying.  We love to see new pilots over there. 




 Yea I just pulled 5 off the top of my head.  

but if you have feelings for a girl, show/tell her. You'll find out quick whether she feels the same.

I have been realizing this more and more.  I have been going with the theory that i have nothing to loose and it has been working out for the most part. 




 But sometimes either a guy just does not realize a girl is interested, or they value the friendship more than the 5% chance they might become their girlfriend. The least a girl can do is give bit more hints. 




 I think any of the basic three emergency services (police, ambulance, firefighters) really should never ever be denied to someone no matter the fees or insurance or whatever. They're emergency services, surely you can fight about money after the emergency has been dealt with.

Those things are great, but they are not free.  Who would pay for them?  I understand why you think this is messed up, but no one would pay if they could just pay when their house is burning.

The problem you have here is a classic [Tragedy of the Commons](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons).  If you were to play the good guy and put out the fire for free, than word would spread and everyone would stop paying their fee.  You may say well maybe they could pay a big fine afterwords for putting out the fire without paying the Fee.  That would not solve the problem for two reasons.  One the Fire Department needs a regular source of income to stay operational.  You might go years without a fire in a rural area like that and without a source of income the fire department would close for lack of funds.  But the very next year you could have 10 fires and nobody to fight them.  The second is I bet many of these people living in these rural areas would not be able to or unwilling to pay the fine which would be huge on the order of a few thousand dollars.  They would say "All they did is spray some water! Why does that cost 10,000 dollars?"

I think the obvious solution here is to change the $75 fee into a tax.  That way everyone pays for something that is beneficial to everyone.  This is precisely why we have taxes, to fund basic things that everyone needs but would not pay for on an individual basis if they were not forced to.  Everything you do everyday is paid for by your taxes roads, schools, bridges, police, and yes Fire departments.  I think this is a perfect glimpse of the kind of things that happen in a country with "small government" and little to no taxes.  Imagine if we lived in a country like that where we let peoples houses burn down because they didn't pay a silly fine.  Imagine if we lived in a country where we let people die because they could not afford health insurance...  ohh wait we do.

Edit: I would honestly like to know how you think we should pay for these public services? 




 Exactly what is cheaper building a new rocket or cleaning up and fixing an old one.  This is why Elon puts so much emphasis on rapidly reusable.  If you have to refurbish the whole thing before the next launch it gets to be just as or more expensive as new rockets and you have to start to question why you don't just make a new one.  Fingers crossed for good results from landed booster when they go to test it.  Rapid reusability could change everything. 




 This is exactly the problem with public companies.  A lot of times it does not matter how much money you make in the next year, it matters how much you will make 5-10 years from now.   




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZIzreiseMk

Actually the scene was a little bit plausible lol. 




 Yea I am just surprised that this is not included.  It would be like if we gave people felonies just for being arrested, and then they were felons until they got the proven not guilty in court. 




 Yea in the US it is the other extreme.  Business is king. 




 How do you learn to fly one of those? Do they have trainer versions? 









 I read [this story recently](http://www.opposingviews.com/i/society/crime/colorado-woman-sentenced-lying-police-about-kidnap-and-rape-never-happened) about how a man was falsely accused and because of it lost his job and was not able to find a new one because of the accusations.  This is not the first time I have heard of this happening to people, where they face retribution at work for crimes that they have not been convicted of.

My question is how is it legal to fire someone for a crime they have not been convicted of?  What has happened to innocent until proven guilty?  It is not like this is in the shadows, many companies even have policy of not hiring anybody that has charges pending against them.  It sounds like now even getting accused of a crime is enough for a business to fire you.  They don't even wait to see the results of a trial. 














 I know where I work the driver who you tip keeps the tips.  There is no tip pool or anything like that.  So if you decide you want to give a driver a 10 dollar tip he gets to keep it and you have really made his day. 




 I was under the impression that Mellisandre was just a temporary POV which we have seen GRRM do a few times in the recent books.  And when I mean central character I mean central to the overall plot of the series.  He has killed off main characters like Catlyn, Robb, Joffrey, Robert, and Ned.  But those characters while central and important, were not the same as Characters like Daenerys and in my opinion Jon Snow.  In my opinion the books are about certain characters more so than others.  I think Daenerys is obviously the main character of the whole series and on the second level I think Jon Snow, Tyrion, Arya, and Bran, are all central characters to the overall plot of the books.  I am not saying that these characters could not die, but I am saying that in my opinion these five characters are much less likely to get killed off than other main and POV characters who are more incidental to the plot of the books. 




 Yea I understand that OSM is not trying to be the next Google, But i feel like if we are going to get people to start using OSM it not only needs to have the data, but it needs to be convenient to find that data and use it.  I think OSM has been doing a great job at improving the quality of the maps, but I feel like the different applications to make that data useful to the average person, are still lacking. 




 Wow That is a little suspicious lol.  That might explain the scared/rushedness lol. 




 Not really during launch and assent,  there were barely any options for abort,  add that to the risk of foam and ice hitting your heat shield like what happened with Columbia.  A great of example of the lack of abort options was shown with Challenger.  If that had happened to Apollo than the abort system would have kicked in and the crew may have survived.  Challenger did not have any abort options during that part of the flight. 




 How does having the door come open cause that? 




 I still think he is not dead.  I don't think GRRM would kill off Snow he is one of the central characters, and the only POV at the wall right now.  I thought Tyrion was dead when he got pulled into the river.  GRRM Likes to leave you on cliff hangers. 




 I also remember them mentioning that Stannis tied some deserters to a trebuchet and was prepared to launch them out of Storm's End while it was being sieged. 




 I feel like the number one reason that i don't use OSM for my everyday map searches and stuff is because the search function in OSM is so bad.  Unless you type the name exactly as it is the search comes back wrong.  Usually i will do my searches in google just because it is so inconvenient to try and figure out why OSM is not giving me the correct results.  Does anyone else have this problem?  How can we fix it? 




 I agree I have a hard time believing that the Governor of Texas is this stupid.  I feel like there has to be some other motivation.  Maybe he feels like this will help him in election season.  He can say he stuck it to Obama and protected Texas. 




 That is a whole other matter.  I am so done with money in politics. 




 What will be the stupidest possible outcome, it if they ban the lantern thing because of this.  I am so sick of things getting banned or heavily regulated because of some silly accident.  Life isn't safe or perfect it seems like everyone else in the world knows that why can't we figure it out in the US? 




 I really wonder how far it will go.  I think eventually if it does not stop the Republican party will either split, or become irrelevant.  In the case of the latter the Democratic party will move more and more right until it eventually splits basically returning things to the norm.

That is my theory anyway. 









 That makes me smile, I don't know why. 









 http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/cruz-tries-blame-obama-2008-crash?CID=forwardprogressives 




 How did you do? 




 Progress and ATV are both capable of docking where the ATV is shown in the diagram.  All the ports are the same on the Russian side.  In fact when progress comes its more or less default location is the rear docking port where the ATV is in the diagram.   




 Ohh i get what you are saying, dragon is attached to the bottom front not the front.  I forgot about that.  I guess you could move the docking adapter and attach dragon to the end, but that would be a bunch of extra work. 




 Thats what gets me whenever people say that it is facing the wrong way to do a boost, The station is not stationary, they can and they have flipped it around, it would not be unheard of to turn the station backwards in order to preform the boost.  




 Dude you need to spell check. 




 I honestly feel like taking a company public in this day and age is like giving it poison.  It might not kill it in a year or even 10 years, but it seems like companies always begin to go downhill after they go public.  It becomes all about increasing profits and not about the product anymore and it just seems like these days all investors care about is sucking money out of your company, and when it dries up they move on to the next one.  

Although I would love to invest in them, I am super glad that Elon has made the decision to not take SpaceX public.  Investors would turn it into another ULA and completely kill off development in anything that did not show the potential to be profitable within 5-10 years.  It would completely kill what makes SpaceX SpaceX.  I think Elon has even hinted in interviews that he knows that this wold happen if he were to go public.  He just uses more polite language. 




 I would say the Dragon V2 reveal and now the Tesla Power wall have both been big hits.  I think they have been doing a pretty good job.  You also have to weigh in the fact that Elon is becoming a bit of a star so people will naturally want to hear what he says.  Just having him him do the presenting creates hype around whatever it is he is presenting.  Even if he stammers here or there, the enthusiasm shows through, and it feels genuine.  Personally I thought the Dragon V2 reveal was great, and while the Tesla today wasn't as smooth, it was just as exciting. 




 I thought progress could refuel Zvezda?  Is that wrong? 




 I recently read an article where they were talking about how they actually have been having a little too much water lately, and have been having to store it for longer and longer amounts of time. 




 So why don't they try to utilize it more?  Unless I am wrong NASA pays the same amount weather the Trunk is empty or full, and adding some unpressurized boxes with food would not cost practically anything to develop. 




 I completely agree I think the central problem to our system right now is the money, and probably gerrymandering.  I think if you get rid of the money suddenly a lot of issues will no longer be issues, like climate change. 




 So in light of the recent events with Progress M-27M there has been a lot of talk around the subreddit about there being more pressure on SpaceX because of the lack of very many alternative cargo vessels.  There have been many questions about why SpaceX can not re-boost the station or carry more supplies and so on. My question is, why does SpaceX not try and utilize it's trunk more on Dragon?  

I feel like there are a lot of possibilities for how the trunk could be used, like a propulsion module for giving the station re-boosts which could be either fired up while still attached to dragon, or removed and attached to a better spot on the station.  Maybe just some fuel tanks that can be used to refuel the Zvezda module, or stored externally on the station until they are needed.  

I also think a pressurized container to go inside the trunk would maybe work.  The Canada Arm could take it out and attach it to a different docking port allowing for the transfer of more materials.  You could even go with a simple unpressurised container that you would take out using the Canada arm and store externally on the station, retrieve on a space walk, and bring in the through the airlock.  This could be stuff like freeze dried food, where it does not really matter if it travels unpressurized.

So why are some of these ideas not viable?  It has been shown that the Falcon 9 can carry more weight and still land the first stage, and with the v1.2 they will have even more available mass.  On more than one occasion the trunk has gone completely empty, which just seems like a waste.  What are the reasons behind not trying to utilize trunk more? 




 Yea or some sort of propulsion module that could be taken out and attached to the proper place to boost the station. 




 Honestly it would not be a surprise.  After all pad abort was supposed to happen in December.  




 Yea that too, it's just embarrassing.  I honestly think that some of this stems from Obama being black.  I think part of the reason many people don't respect him and don't trust him is because he is black and continuously or subconsciously this makes them view him differently.

its just crazy when you here things like people thinking Obama is the biggest threat to the USA and getting ready to create shariah law, or dissolve the government or something crazy.  




 Yea I think I can agree with you there.  Ironically though that hasn't stopped the right from calling him a monarch and a dictator. 




 While this may be true, I have to argue that some of the stuff is legitimate stonewalling, like immigration, and comprehensive climate change reform. 




 Yea before i thought she was just a charlatan, but after that chapter i realized she was completely committed to her beliefs, and some of her magic actually works.  That was a big deal to me because up to that point i thought she was faking everything.  Now I realize she just fakes some of the more flashy stuff but at least from her point of view the bigger and more difficult stuff is completely real, which is kind of terrifying. 




 your comment implies tyrion 




 That's weird it is working for me. 




 Yea I was going to say when was that last updated, he is way more done with book 6 than that. 




 Yea I thought the one chapter from the POV of the Melisandre was great.  It really added a lot of depth to her character that I did not realize was there.   




 I don't even remember that lol.  I guess this is where it is good i watched the 1st season of the show before i started reading the books.  

I have not watched any other seasons of the show. 




 Spoiler!!! [Tyrion is not dead](#s) 




 I am going to pop the hype bubble a little bit, and ask...

What would change if Bernie Sanders was president?  The Republicans have shown that they can stonewall pretty much anything Obama wants, and Obama is much more center than Bernie.  There were some big campaign promises given by Obama, that congress pretty much shut down, like ending Guantanamo.  

I really want to know, how would Bernie be able to govern more effectively than Obama?  I think he is great, but how is he going to be able to get anything done with congress the way it is? 




 Yea, that is how I feel I don;t get why we are hiring this company which will get a huge percentage of the profits.  I think that if they do build it they should put the tolls towards improving public transit. 




 How would United Airlines make that kind of mistake?  Is it a tactical decision? 




 You should come subscribe to /r/New_Horizons. We post updates all the time. 




 ~~This would not be a problem except the footprint of the wheels of curiosity are not siginificantly larger than Spirit/Opportunity so the pounds per square inch is much larger on the wheels than Spirit/Opportunity.~~

Edit: I was wrong. 




 you should post this over at /r/New_Horizons  




 I really hope the state changes things in 2016. 




 This is also why safety nets and welfare are a good thing.  When a worker knows that he won't starve or loose his stuff he is more likely to quit and try and find a better job.  By giving people the option of welfare they are less likely to put up with the crap from a bad employer. 




 What most people that want to get rid of the minimum wage seem to forget about, is that many people that work for minimum wage are already receiving public assistance.  This basically means businesses are shifting their labor costs onto the government.  So by getting rid of the minimum wage businesses would most certainly pay workers less which is effectively just shifting more of their labor cost onto the government.  

Walmart does this in mass, and the irony is many of those workers turn around and spend their government assistance, like food stamps, at you guessed it, Walmart.  Walmart has pretty much made a business out of being the place to spend your government assistance like food stamps. 




 I need a banana 




 Those electronics might still be good, if it all works I would estimate you have about $50-$100 worth of electronics there. 




 I can't tell whos subreddit it is so i don't know if they have been active or not, but they have not responded to my messages.  I would like to make the subreddit public and make it about the Mexican state of Puebla 









 I have tried reading it, but i was super bord with it, does it get more interesting as you read? 




 lol 




 My problem is I feel like the writing degraded and I felt like the plot was rushed.  When comparing the first and last book, the plot of the last book is so much less developed than the first.  The PTSD thing was interesting though. 




 http://www.troll.me/images/waiting-skeleton/waiting-skeleton.jpg

Still waiting for Winds of Winter 




 I have started to realize that he kills off all his characters to continue the plot.  Many authors jump through all these hoops to keep everyone alive.  For George R.R. Martin if a characters death is necessary than he does it.  When you go back and look at everyone who has died, you begin to see that many of the deaths had lasting effects for the story line.  One of the largest such deaths was the death of Ned Stark.  Ned's death basically began all the events for the next 4 books.  Kahl Drogo's death set in motion Daenery's story line.  The examples go on and on.   




 Thats How I always feel when I make posts.  A little while later somebody comes along and gets all the karma. 




 You should post this at /r/New_Horizons 




 You guys should come check out /r/New_Horizons 




 Come check out /r/New_Horizons 




 You should post this over at /r/New_Horizons 




 You should post this over at /r/New_Horizons 









 You guys would come subscribe to /r/New_Horizons. We post updates and everything else related to New Horizons.  

I am totally pumped for the flyby in June 




 Well obviously not, they are specifically built so the front does not fall off. 




 Something i have wondered is why don't they use something like Methane, natural gas, or propane to pressurize the tanks?  I understand that helium and N2 are inert and everything, but without an oxidizer, what is the difference? 




 Why can't they get rid of Helium on Falcon? 




 In your picture Cygnus seems more on par as far as size compared to dragon.  I don't think they are the same size in your picture as they are in the post. 









 If there was a mod like this it would be awesome with remote tech 2 




 Also you do not just pull the pants up and call it a day, that would be uncomfortable. You have to tuck the boxers down your pant legs like you tuck in a shirt. That way the boxers lay flat with the pants and are not a big wad at the top. 




 Also you do not just pull the pants up and call it a day, that would be uncomfortable.  You have to tuck the boxers down your pant legs like you tuck in a shirt.  That way the boxers lay flat with the pants.  




 Best music ever. 




 I think they said in the AMA that they are not planning on adding any more planets for the time being.  But honestly i would love it if they added a saturn like gas planet 2 




 Or it would be really cool if you could build space telescopes to make them un blurry. 




 What do you mean? 




 Yea my first rescue mission was with a space capsule that did not have a docking port.  It was also my first time randevuing.  The funny thing is I did not think to eva everyone lol.  I built this cool claw contraption using landing legs to keep the craft I was pushing in the line of thrust, and de-orbited it :D.  Then I turned around and thrusted to put my rescue craft back into orbit so it would not get deleted in the atmosphere.  One of my most satisfying moments in KSP.
 




 That is SpaceX's niche. There are some customers that need that full 100% and that is where many other rocket company's make their money. 




 Silly question, but why can't they just design an engine that is very similar to the RD-180?  They have tons of them couldn't they just reverse engineer them and make some changes. 




 F9 is my wild guess.

Secondly how do you account for it crossing squares during reentry? 




 Yea but you also have to remember that the political situation has changed a lot since then.  The country as a whole is definitely moving left and as many have mentioned the electoral college favors the Democrats.  I think it will be interesting to see how Republicans react if they do loose in 2016. 




 They economy has gotten a lot better in the last 2-4 years, but you would not know it watching Fox News or listening to the GOP leaders. 




 Yea i hate when they charge you a fee so they can give you money you can only spend on campus it is a total rip off.  At least at my college you can use that money at some of the local businesses. 




