 Oh man, awesome video, thank you for sharing!  
  
  The visual aid aspect of his wave machine really makes a (kind of) obscure concept very easy to see, understand, and visualize.  

  

  Amazing how applicable it is as a teaching tool all these years later.  

  

  I'm going to forward this video to my boss, hes a rather avid HF / MF listener (grundig radios, big loop antennas, etc) but doesnt fundamentally understand the physics behind RF propagation /  resonance / etc. I think if he watches this vid, it will teach (even him, LOL) a bit more about the physics / magic behind being able to pull in RF signals from thousands of miles away..   
  
  Thank you again, infinite upvotes from me :-) 




 This KX3 auction.  
  
  ..I has it. 




 Just because of the connections at the top, and jutting out the side, I want to say it looks like it might be an unreasonably huge triode, but I can not find anything on google (shrug)  

  

Cool piece tho, I'd hang onto it.. Thanks for posting! 




 I fly my parrots with random-wire attached to them.   
  
  If I feed them a little coffee, I can work 1/2wave 160m for 10 or 15 minutes! 




 Heh.. Yeah, I remember the first time I saw that..  It blew my mind a bit. 
  
  (Names Jason here, born in July, heh) 




 ...Of previous commutes into work. 




 No, the 8800 only does VHF / UHF (as does the 7900, sorry for the confusion.. My bad) I'm not too up on the 7900s specs. Sorry I cant help you more. Maybe someone can chime in with some better info? 




 For some reason, I had 2 different FRNs associated with my SSN. the ARRL VEC didnt know what to do with that. Unfortunately, no-one got back to me to let me know there was a problem. I had to track down the lead VE, and ask him what was going on.  Oh well.. Glad its taken care of now :-) 




 I'm still new to the radios, so hopefully someone can chine in and correct me where I'm wrong, but the FT-8900 (as I understand) is essentially an 8800, but with more bands. I'm only working VHF/UHF currently, and learning more before I plonk down the cash to dive into HF. The 8800 has glowing reviews (so does the 8900) and the cross-band repeat was important to me (I believe the 8900 does that as well)
 




 I actually did pass my General on the same day as my Tech, so I called the ARRL back today, and they see the mistake. He said they'd be submitting my general creds to the FCC today.

As far as radios, I have the ubiquitous chinese HT, but I also picked up a Yaesu FT-8800. 

Going to be building a 2m cubic quad for the house this weekend! :)  




 I *finally* got everything squared away with the ARRL, and FCC.    
Call sign just showed up.  -KK6SFZ    
Cant wait to get on the air tonight.   




