 Screech  Saved by the Bell  




 Cotton candy is spun sugar. It is fluffy, airy, sticky and dissolves in your mouth. You pull it apart and eat it with your hands. Cotton candy should NOT be a flavor. 




 Eh, it's still right twice a day. 




 Taylor's version of going wild. 




 What an adorable puppies... 









 small bubbles can do serious harm but are unlikely to kill someone, large amounts of air are often fatal. 




 Sprite 




 Kittens and puppys They always seem to be way over rated 




 When my door is closed and someone comes into my room, they leave without closing the door, or even worse claiming they closed it when it remains ajar 




 It would be easy for men to keep their pregnancy secret the first few months because everyone would assume its a beer belly. 









 It's a [website](http://www.poopsenders.com/) that sends poop on your behalf to your friend or enemy.

How they describe themselves : We will send your friend or enemy a healthy helping of some of the nastiest, stinkiest, fresh poop packages you have ever seen. We have several varieties of poop that we can send, including a special poop of the month. Go to the order page to see what's on special this month.

Definitely the most weird thing I've come across on the Internet. 




 The death of a loved one. I'm not prepared to experience this ever. 




 Chicken.... mmmmm 




 Stumbleupon  




 What are you thankful for 









 i think the answer will be different for everybody, especially depending on their mood. the most successful books have characters that people can really relate to, and an atmospere that pulls you into the book. they would be the most important things i think. 




 Sports and exercise gear 




 r/nottheonion/ 




 Textbooks. I could have rented- why didn't I rent?! 




 When people drive the wrong way down a one way aisle in a parking lot. 




 yeah... This picture just has that silence and peace I sometimes need. 




 Smile, it costs you nothing... 




 Was held back by a guy 3 grades above me. Bite him hard in the arm. Got punched in the stomach. So I grabbed his head and smacked it against the wall three times. 




 Smile. You don't owe all the problems in the world. 




 Its eyes are like the abyss. o__o 




 Money shot. 




 http://i.imgur.com/vIkGmeB.jpg 




 [This](http://i.imgur.com/tt4wO.gif) 









 Post relevent content and include a comment with a brief description. 




 can you feel it Mr. Krabs? 




 Women don't hate nice guys. They do, however, sense when a guy is not really nice at all but it playing nice to get something. 









 Surf a few channels to find good shows or plan out movies beforehand that you can watch at home. 




 I'm not coming to work. Someone stole my towels from the laundry room and I'm going to track them down. 




 sun flower seeds, hand sanitizer, vaseline, the hearts of men... 




