 Do whatever you want. If it's intimate put paper over the camera first. If he wants to ask why you did it later, ask him why he chose to film you. 




 Please don't take my realism for pessimism. I just want you to understand your own goal. And yes, there is no reason you can't be published by the end of the year. Start collecting small presses and indie publishers  email adresses right away. The more places you can send to, the better your odds of a follow up and perhaps a publication.

P.S. I know all about the 40 thing, turning 41 in a few months. 




 124 now... 




 Just an FYI there is a subreddit /freeEbooks you can get a lot of hits from there too! 




 You sound like me 2 years ago. First lesson I had to learn was, publishing traditionally takes a long time. Up to 2 years isn't unheard of. If someone accepted your work today, you might be lucky for an end of the year release. 

If you want to send me a sample, I would be happy to look at your work. But my opinion is only as good as you want it to be. Your opinion is the only one that really matters. 




 Everyone is a bad writer.

To someone.

Hell, there is a redditor that went out of his way to DL one of my free works just so he could leave me a terrible review. Just for spite. 

Does that make me a bad writer? Of course not. It just shows the point that no matter what you write, someone is going to not like it. 

Take any one of Kings work for instance, and pull up the one star reviews on Amazon. I will bet you an e-book that he has dozens of them. 

Thing is you really can't tell if you are a bad, good, or great writer until you have written something. Then written something else, and something else. 

So get to writing. 




 One up vote is not enough! Well done! 




 Sorry, you said there was a beach somewhere? Can't see it... 









 And so many of them are reading this and saying...yep! 




 Welcome. Wish I had input to help with your problem, but stress is all around me too.  




 For future reference, add a serious tag to your posts, you can report useless comments that way. 




 #1 is very important, at least 4 weeks...months works even better. 




 Anything by Brandon Sanderson is a good shift. 

David Farland has a nice series as well.

Or Jim Butcher, Karen Miller, or for a free DL right now check some of my recent posts.

:-)  




 The Event, Post Apocalyptic Sci-Fi Fantasy. Death happens.  




 I'm not counting on fame, I will settle for just being read. Hope he likes them. :-)  




 That would be awesome, and thank you for the read! 




 Very welcome! 




 Very welcome, hope you enjoy them! 




 Thanks. I thought it was a good twist.   




 Listed as free on my end. Here's the direct link. 


http://www.amazon.com/Worlds-Unbound-Future-Jumper-5-ebook/dp/B00HL8BGXY/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_7?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1392388883 sr=1-7 














 Never a better time to release the next book!

Don't have one? 

How about an updated cover. Giveaway gimic. Free cupcakes?

Or do like I do and stand on a street corner begging people to look at my work.

No, it doesn't work either. 




 Sadly the nicest people on reddit are usually the quietest. I'm sorry you had this kind of experience, but unfortunatly there are many out in the internets that just live to shit on someones day. 

Ever want to swap stories, I got some doozies! 




 Why wouldn't he? 
 




 Mirror Thief by Jamie Heppner.

An motorcycle accident is the icing on Dario's cake of bad luck. While recovering he finds he has developed an unusual ability to enter the world inside a mirror. Now, will he decide to use this power for good? Or will he seek revenge for a life of downs, rather than ups. 




 What this post doesn't say is that sometimes you are not offered the choice of a pill at all. You are stuck outside the rabbit hole and there is no way to see how far it goes. 

That's when you have no choice but to stand on a street corner, hold your own work in the air and say to the world, "Am I good enough?" 

Even though the act of doing so will open the flood gates to those who will shoot you down, unplug you from a distance, just because they can. 




 Skyrim. Oblivion.  




 Oh, and thanks for the heartfelt review!  




 You really are an idiot aren't you? 

What else would it be? 

Daft. 




 K.J. Bowlings

Honestly, you really want someone else to pick your pen name?  




 $1000 before I bought my house was pretty cool, but I would have to say.

My wife's hand in marriage tops the charts.  




 Dark Souls. 
Prepare to Die Edition.
 




 And there is red on some of it... 




 I would say, if you find it, tell me...then no-one else. 




 I am in the middle of a free for review stint right now. Out of almost 50 copies taken, I have received 3 reviews. This is actually higher than normal from my experience.

Keep asking, begging, and don't be too proud to throw a tear in there now and again. You need exposure, you have to fight for it. 




 I am taking a chance here. The link is for Past Jumper, for free, all I ask from you is a review. An honest review. After you have done that, send me a note, with your name on the review and I will send you a copy of books 1-4 for free. Unless of course you hate it, then you probably don't want the next 3 books.

Guess I am on the hook then. So, how about it? Want four free books?
 









 Would be happy to!  




 I am taking a chance here. 
The link is for Past Jumper, for free, all I ask from you is a review. An honest review. After you have done that, send me a note, with your name on the review and I will send you a copy of books 1-4 for free. Unless of course you hate it, then you probably don't want the next 3 books. 

Guess I am on the hook then. So, how about it? Want four free books?  









 Send me a PM I will send you a free ebook from my works. You pick. I understand broke. 




 The Event - Jamie Heppner 

It was written with the thought of...what happens if the hero doesn't win? 




 They are very dark though. Great reads yes, but you might want o start with something lighter. 




 Always one more.

I'm great at finding others mistakes, can't see my own for anything though. Need another look through? Let me know. 




 Thank you. I will think on your words.  




 I have come to expect it. If you even sneeze on a sell-able product near a Reddit post you will go down in flames.  




 Thank you.

The humor part. Well, I tend to have drier humor, so perhaps I should drink more. 

Newspapers. In the internet age, I forget they are still around. Thanks. I will be placing a call or two in the morning.  




 You should see what happens when I actually do post links on Reddit. I have to pour water on my computer to combat the flames.  




 Exactly. And that is why I am in /AskReddit 

And why I am asking.

With no links.

And why there is a Serious tag up top. 
 




 Such bitterness. Are you also, perhaps, a writer? 

A failed writer?

I have met that kind of angst from those who have failed before.  




 I know Reddit well enough that if I start promoting my work on this thread it will be shot down in flames. I am asking for serious responses. As it stands I am getting a couple useful comments. And I appreciate them.

So the question stands, how do you push, without being pushy? 




 As far as the fame goes? Yes. 

There is no such thing as bad press. Pretty sure someone famous said that. Heck...some terrible books have been written by terrible people, yet they sell.  




 I have blog sites, blog hops, local posters, word of mouth, giveaways, freebies, contests from readers, free review copies.

Google + 
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Goodreads

If there is a place for words, I probably have a post or 200 on it.

 




 Ever posted to books? 
I am asking Reddit, people who read.
I am NOT trying to push my work. No links given. Not a one. 




 Again. I am here asking for useful information. Arms open wide. You are arguing the mental state of a cartoon character. 




 I can't agree more. And I would lie if I said my works were %100 error free. I have had limited success in looking for publication, but the timeline of my life doesn't match the reality of traditional publishing.

I have had works in brick and mortar stores, yet unless I was there to suggest them to others, they normally sat dormant. 

I have spoken with many agents and the norm is for every 5000 applicants, one is chosen. Many great works will go unknown because of a simple typo on page 34. The selection process is that picky.  




 The reviews tell me I have written a good book. The 1k free downloads this month tell me that at least some people want it. 

Brian Griffin is famous, I could do worse than to be compared to him.  




 If I thought I wouldn't get sued by someone for trying to ship a food product, I would seriously consider this as a real idea.  




 It's a book, if you read books you are already on the right track. What is it that makes you pick up a book by an unknown author? Do you?  




 Okay, so how is that done genius? Read the serious tag again.  




 There are literally thousands of great books out there. Unknown books. Those authors are in the same boat as me.  




 Did I give a link? Did I say who I was? This is a serious question. 
 









 My daughter just turned 8 and I am sitting here thinking about taking a promotion at work that will massively increase my away time. My kids are holding back my career and I am fine with that.

It's the lack of money that is going to get this family in the long run. The (Time vs Money) problem will never have a good solution.  




 Looks like no. 




 Telus in Trail BC, cookie clearing worked for one click and then right back to a no load. Looks like Telus has a major problem.  




 I have a free collection on Amazon for another hour and change, I will PM you the link, might be to your tastes? 




 Need a touch more info...
 




 The first book is free via smashwords, but I can't have the collection elsewhere without Amazon getting cranky. I have tried, they got cranky. 









 You are welcome for the freebie, enjoy. 














 EXCELLENT! 

That makes me think, I would be looking very close at this one.  




 It was a sample, an idea, I'm not trying to sell anything of mine. 




 I have my own ideas, thanks. Folder full of them in fact. 

A pitch is for something already written. 




 Nope, not making me want to buy it. Not even a little bit... 




 (Here is an example)

It only took five beats from the moment he jumped, but those seemed an eternity.


One.


The wind punished Aiden, shoving, and wrenching at his ruined clothes.


Two.


His arms stretched out, the magic building around him forming a bubble in time.


Three.


The scene of a potential deadly future burned themselves into his memory, even with eyes closed against them.


Four.


In an instant, a tunnel opened, seemingly to pass through the air itself.


Five.
 









 Metal roof. I am getting one.  




 clatto verata nikto !  




 Mirror Thief by Jamie Heppner is a nice shorter read. 

What about an e-reader though? Can carry 100's of books with ease. 




 As am I. Description is the lense flare in just that right spot of a picture. Or the sun just got in your eyes.  




 I did my 96k in a 6x9 with cream paper, glossy cover, and it looks great. Be sure to keep the font size down too. I average about 10 words per line as a good rule of thumb. You can also fudge the margins a touch to keep your page totals where you want them.  




 My ego is fine. I made an observation. You didn't like it. Nuff said.

You win at life, please collect your congratulatory ribbon on the way out.

*sprays troll-b-gone *  




 I made an observation, a valid observation. 

You response?

No, you are wrong. 

I step down.

You attack again.

I'm not going to respond again?

Shoo troll. Go back to your cave. 

 




 Again, I bow to your incredible skills. Or I could spout off things from google too. Regardless, i yo onl sin lik thi i wil soun wron.

And showing me how much money you make? Are you 12? Can your dad beat up my dad too?

Sounding like a troll here. Leave the young ladies thread alone or do you wish to attempt to prove something else to me? 




 Yes, your training as an industrial electriction obviously makes you an expert at singing.

At least in my first post I admitted I can't sing. Never once said I was an expert. All I say is that when you sing a word and you miss the last letter, it sounds off. 

She sings great. I noticed she missed the last letters often. If I notice, odds are others will. But I forget I am dealing with an expert in the field so I humbly step down. 




 Sorry but THIS is not actual advice at all. In fact, it has no point. Listen to a profesional singer and notice they sound out the last letter of words. It was the first thing I noticed with this young singer and it is a very simple fix. 




 I can't sing worth a damn. You can.

Only advice I could offer is to remember that words have a last letter and it's important to make sure you sing them to. Keep it up, you will do well! 









 I have to agree. Over 2 years on the market and even with great sales my fantasy sits at 15 reviews. It's what I like to write but I have to wonder if there isn't another market that would be better to ply my trade.  




 02 Escape, and no it doesn't.  




 You may notice the mass down votes...this was on front page yesterday. Maybe playing a part in it. 




 My son might have been a twin, the doctors were never 100% sure. It was very early in the pregnancy. 

I'm sorry. I can't feel your pain, but in a little way, I understand. 




 Switch the keys around on the keyboard.

Put a small piece of tape over the earpeice of their phone.

Tape down the receiver button under the headset. 

Plug a remote mouse unto their tower and every once in a while drag it across the screen when they are working.

 




 Awesome! 




 Whip or fork? 




 Mirror Thief - Jamie Heppner

That cat is going places. 




 I would wait until that exact second where the blue of the sky fades into the black of space. Just be sure to have a hold on something as the gravity will be pretty weak and you don't want to spin out of control and ask the oxygen recycler system. 




 Links - they make the funny fun 




 By days I work in sales. And not in a writing field. In fact it's so far from writing it's almost impossible for me to find anyone to talk writing to.

By night? I twist tales of action, adventure, time travel and zombies. 




 If you need help with the edits let me know. I have some work for others in the past.
 




 You got it! And I should be having another freebie at the end of this month. Keeo your eyes open!

http://www.amazon.com/Event-Jamie-Heppner-ebook/dp/B007JVCU3S/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_12?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1389857663 sr=1-12 



 









 I could be...if I could just sell say...(does some math) about 50k of my books...hey that's not impossible right?  




 Her, actually. And I will be happy to link her page for you. 

https://www.facebook.com/customcovercreations

Tada! Take a look at some of the work/premades she has done. 




 Can't agree more. 

And I know a great cover artist if you in the market! 

(No, not me.) 




