 from an economic standpoint, in a world without countries the currency would be the same. so we would be better able to help the sick the sick and poor right? 

thank you obliging my stupid mind. i would love to have a discussion about this but i'm pretty drunk 




 do you think that dogs have dreams when they sleep? 




 nothing that communistic. i was just thinking of either

1. countries without borders: which might make the rich richer and the poor poorer but would help the desperate. 

2. a unified world: which has the potential for disaster or peace 




 do dogs dream? 




 i don't know but if the love of my life looks through my stuff she will see people like me and will contact me and we will meet and then she will be grossed out but not before i smell her and take some of her hair 




 i just delete my posts that get bad karma. except the ones i think are funny even if no one else does 




 without borders everyone could be happy but there's a chance that everyone could be sad. with borders some people are happy and some are sad and the happy people want to separate themselves from the sad people.  




 how does this affect me? 




 i liked the story. don't worry about about knives it'll be ok 




 awesome! my mom works for the IRS and we're going to the movies tomorrow now 









 it's been awhile but i think i just didn't like their design. it reminded me of that old game Space Invaders  




 mainly i didn't like the new enemy 




 i keep thinking about gurran lagann because i dropped it after it jumped ahead in time. i wonder how it ends, but i don't really want to watch it anymore 




 i can't believe i'm the only one wondering why they don't just clean the bathrooms and kitchens? are all of them just waiting for someone else to? 




 i don't like it when that woman talks 




 i can't get food stamps because my parents claim me as a dependant, but don't feed me enough. where's my government assistance? 




 Darker than Black maybe 




 more like BUTTom lol 




 no its not. try it 




 evan williams   sriracha sauce. thanks 




 its good in whiskey too 




 you just told two girls (who i assume are friends because you have liked both for 3 years) that you like them both? fuck man. please keep updating this journal 




 there should be Underground Olympics. 

stealing - it can be an art and if you get caught, it can also be exercise. put the athletes in any store with any security measures and judge them on how cleanly they get away and what they steal. 

assassination - give the athletes a target and paintball guns

graffiti - judge on the art and the lengths it took to tag that shit

cop chases - think ghost rider  




 last night i was swinging a chair around because i heard that that badass ancient warriors worked out by swinging a heavy mace around. the chair broke but luckily nothing else did 




 go rob a church. unless you believe in god. then don't do that 




 when you truly don't give a fuck you would say "i would fuck buffy the vampire so hard she pees" instead of "i don't give a fuck" 




 RIP Mexico City council 




 This is why I always carry hot sauce 




 aren't you a little young and skinny for a bike like that? 




 i think the scooby doo shapes taste better than plain old noodle shapes.  




 maybe i'm a lightweight but it would take me over a week to drink all that icewater 




 i just wanted tissues
 




 i'm looking at KLR650's as my first bike... what's this doohickey mod?  




 i'm in the same boat as you OP. i actually fit your description too. i've been looking at KLR 650s and DR650s so far. they seem to be pretty cheap and durable.  




 what's farkle mean? 




 what's a valve? 




 Whats a good one? 




 thank you for this, helps a lot. money is my main concern so i think i'm getting a KLR 




 yeah i would like a DRZ more but it's a lot more expensive.  




 i'm missing something 




 which is better for a 6 foot 3 tall person? 

which is easier for a beginner to ride? 

which is more durable/long lasting? needs less maintenance?  




 why flatten the tires? 









 how did the photographer get in the stall? 




 wheelie  




 Thanks. Which one were you talking about though? 




 what's the difference between a dual sport and supermoto? 




 i loaned $500 to a "friend" and now she's ignoring my calls and texts except for when i call from a different phone, then she hangs up. i have no way to get the money back because she moved 




 but now what are they going to rape? oh yeahh 




 what is it? 




 i took speech therapy for about 3-4 years (elementary and middle school) and that only made my problem and anxiety worse because it was always on my mind. and that was when my parents paid for it, i can't afford it now anyways 




 but then i would have to piss ten times before i get a buzz going 




 i won't remember. but thank you 




 i'm friends with most of the cashiers and they don't check my ID. i'll bring it up next time i go in but i don't want to cost anyone their job even if he was a dick. fucking effort went into this grammar. hope you appreciate all my spellchecks haha 




 I've never been able to pronounce the letter R. Speech therapy didn't help so i'm stuck with it and with my stutter, and i've always been pretty embarrassed about it so i don't talk much. I just got off work, i work overnights (9pm to 6am) and went to go buy a couple steel reserves at one of my usual stores. Some new guy was working and after the pleasantries and he took my ID, he said he wouldn't sell me the beer because i'm slurring my words. i told him that i have a speech impediment and i can't pronounce the letter R, and that i just got off work so i can't be drunk yet. then he changed his mind and started ringing me up again, but i couldn't help myself and muttered something like "this is fucking nuts." he asked what i said so i said it again, and then he changed his mind again and wouldn't ring me up. 

i had to go across town to get my beer and am drinking pretty heavily now. i only wanted a couple beers but now i'm getting shitfaced because i don't want to face that i'm always going to sound like a fucking cartoon character. 




 just curious, what would be a good price for it? 




 I want that bike for my first bike too but craigslist isn't helping me out. Where did you get it? 




 thanks, that clears things up. i'm thinking a supermoto would be a better first bike then. but which would be better suited for a really tall person? 









 didnt mean to sound like a dick my bad 




 if it's the one off of the highway by Outback steakhouse then make your employees wear some fucking hair nets. shits disgusting 




 i'm confused. you talk about having money problems but you have a shrink. doesn't make sense man 




 i work overnight shifts and so i usually buy most my alcohol around 6 or 7am. i always get weird looks 




 what are the main things to look at when buying my first (used) bike? 




 what does the MSF course consist of? i'm looking to take it sometime next month and don't want to go in with no information beforehand 




 i'm glad those people weren't redditors or they would have kidnapped the fox cub 




 new rider here, is there an exact speed that i should from counter-steering to steering normally? i mean if i'm certain to crash, should i steer normally or counter-steer at.. 11, 12, 13mph? 




 i got to watch the finale for the time twice because i was blackout drunk 




 at what speed to you go from steering normally to counter steering? i mean if i was lane splitting at 10mph and can't make any mistake, should i steer normally to get into a lane or counter steer? 20mph? 

i assume counter steering at higher speeds comes naturally once i take my test, so i guess that's my only question. but i'm still curious of the balance between counter steering and leaning 




 i want a tortoise so he can play peek a boo with my cat 




 egg cartons 




