 I always wonder when someone's dying what goes through their mind.  




 I'm not really sure what to think about this.  




 U think he feels remorse or u think he feels like he did his job??? 














 Doesn't he own a new arena football team?   Maybe, people should start boycotting his team.  Teach him a lesson.  




 Ice cream cone  




 Maine Problems  




 I'm not sure how to describe a whale sound but...whale sound  




 Its a "name brand" seriously  




 I think "ur" heart just stops but I'm no doc 




 U know ull die of heart disease if "ur" name is "thehumpback"  









 I bet that lil black kid vomited in her mouth   




 Cheese?  Queso.   









 Either way it's cool but he looks ruff for 65.   









 65?   He looks rough for 65  




 The one person who speaks the truth and u get downvoted.   




 Lmao.  Fucking Mr. Magoo.  He's a joke.  




 I see what u did.   




 That's actually kinda brilliant  




 I'm not really sure what's going on.  I saw Star Wars twice in my life.   




 Ha.  Vegas?  




 I'm on Expedia now looking at trips to N. Korea.  




 Yup  




 Luke Perry is a dick  




 He French?  




 Diarrhea  




 He just quit.   




 Fuck.  U read my mind.  Damn.  Lmao.   




 Amen.  He's good but he's not that good.  




 Mexican Elsa...hmmmm  




 ...To get slaughtered 




 Anymore Desperado sequels? 




 It's like a Tom Cruise movie  




 Star Bucks.  Lol 




 I've always wondered.  Why do some females have to wear hair shirts...and others don't????

 




 Fuck the bride  




 Fuck.  I can't believe I missed this? 




 Fuck.  Can't believe I missed this.  




 He looks like a fatter Ron Swanson.   




 She's wet  




 Honestly I was never into comics, Star Wars, Star Trek, blah blah blah...but this looks good.   









 That's gay  









 The moms laughing is cracking me up.  Her voice turns from shock to wtf to bahhhhh.   




 This makes me sad.  




 Smells like teen spirit  









 Lol.  Lebron looks like a pimp  




 I do have donors on Wall Street  (Robert Rizzuto, Democratic U.S. Senate Challenger Elizabeth Warren Comes Out Swinging at Dorchester Town Hall Discussion, The Springfield Republican, 01/03/2012) 




 Exactly.  She seems wishie washie on a lot of things.  This is one example.   




 A record?  




 Eh  




 Si Se Puede...Si Se Puede!!!!  




 Lmao.  My mom tried to do that at a Gloria Estafan concert in Texas back in the early 80's!!! 




 Tread  




 No.  A friend liked the pic so it showed up...I don't even know what he is.    




 Kid A.  




 Damn.  It's in between my toes  




 I am  




 Mystery solved  









 Or Dana White  




 I know.  Every time I see someone post a selfie it makes me think less of them.   




 It was titled "Transformation Tuesday".  I mean dear god, what did he look like before.  




 I just got beat up  









 So judgmental  




 Yup  




 Da fuck.  This is brilliant.  




 I cheat 




 Thanks for the gay thing (serious)  ???? (They said I had to use a question mark)  




 Thanks for the gay thing (serious).   




 Politics.  




 2 weeks later...herpes  




 Sheep  









 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_9lSwJ-jeXxQ/TOslg6PcEWI/AAAAAAAABdc/4WAev6EstHk/s1600/obama-newsweek.jpg 




 http://youtu.be/5n1ey6eEijw 









 Julia Roberts 














 Alfred 









 Definitely the long one.  









 NEVERMIND then.   




 She's a cross between a Toyota Tacoma and a Toyota Sequoia.   




 Okay.  Is this Taqoya????  









 Went on a fishing trip to Sea World

http://i.imgur.com/uszwNc9.jpg 









 Like a bus 




 Wtf 




 Lipstick  




 MGM has like three sets of Star Wars machines.   




 They kinda look alike.  




 TMI Snoopy.  TMI   http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/046/5/5/tickling_the_snoopy_by_artoriginal-d4polfq.jpg 




 Thanks for understanding...and btw.  Tell ur fianc "Thank u" for serving our country.   




 I thought Game of Thrones was a stupid show so I didn't watch it.   AND THEN...I saw one episode and I was hooked.  I'm just starting season 2.  









 Yes  




 Yes  




 His buddies reaction is priceless.   














 He hates fags...the things u smoke, not the homosexuals.   




 Hardcore nips  




 Anything's possible  




 Even if it was, would that be a bad thing?   Thoughts?  




 Without a doubt  




 I know.  I was a bit choked up for some reason. Lol 









 The Shire  




