




 I can't believe that Google hasn't considered all of this. No doubt half of their driverless car initiative involves lobbying to change liability laws. Plus, you want to sue Google on the basis that their hardware/software wasn't good enough? Good luck with that.
 




 Underachievers, attack at your leisure.
 




 Bin Laden truly was like some goddamn James Bond supervillain. He took on the Soviet Union and (with lots of U.S. help) the Mujahadeen slowly bled the USSR dry and helped speed up its collapse. It wasn't the main cause, but it didn't help them. Then he turned his sights on the U.S. and with 19 hijackers set the U.S. on a course of war for over a decade, slowly bleeding them of trillions of dollars. Now the USA sits as a virtual police state, bailing out banks while the middle class disappears. He was an asshole, but he was a smart asshole.
 









 Awesome, thanks for the info. I've been on a Godard kick over the last week and have been reading up on him a fair bit. Just can't get enough Godard these days, a truly unique and fascinating filmmaker.

 




 Orwell did: "All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others." 









 Thomas Frank has an excellent piece in the new Baffler about this:

http://thebaffler.com/past/academy_fight_song

Political scientist Benjamin Ginsberg tells the sorry tale in his 2011 book, The Fall of the Faculty. Back in the day, Ginsberg tells us, American universities were governed by professors, who would take time out from their academic careers to manage the institutions business affairs. Today, however, the business side of the university has been captured by a class of professionals who have nothing to do with the pedagogical enterprise itself.

Administrators: Their salaries are generous, their ranks expand year after year, and their work requires no peer review and not even much effort. As Ginsberg reminds us, most of them dont teach courses, they dont squabble like English professors at the MLA, and no one ever suggests replacing them with adjuncts or temps. As tuition balloons, it is administrators who prosper. In fact, their fortunes are an almost exact reverse image of the tuition-indebtedness of the young. 




 Exactly. The kamikaze was a desperation tactic and a terrible one at that. Check out "Wings of Defeat", excellent documentary on the kamikaze and shows how pitiful it was. 




 Au contraire. You'll still have to pay insurance, but with less accidents, the companies will pay out less.
 




 Have you seen the 2008 Tyson documentary? Pretty self-serving on the one hand, but quite honest as well. Just the way he admits to all his faults, admits to all the stuff he's done, yet absolutely refuses to admit any wrongdoing in the Washington case pretty much convinced me. Plus, it makes no sense. Why would he do it? He's Mike Tyson, the heavyweight champion of the world. He can get any one of a million women with a snap of his fingers, yet he has to rape someone? I don't buy it. It makes absolutely no sense.  




 "Now then, Dmitri, you know how we've always talked about the possibility of something going wrong with the Bomb...The Bomb, Dmitri...the *Hydrogen* Bomb..." 




 I do not believe he raped Desiree Washington. 

He has copped to so much shit, admitted it, tried to come clean. He has absolutely nothing to lose by admitting the truth, yet it is one thing he absolutely refuses to apologize for. I believe him. 



















 [TIME Announces New Version Of Magazine Aimed At Adults](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TT81o4hL4c) 




 Next month's International Edition: The Syrian Question - Why Obama had to take action and the dangerous new American war.

Next month's American Edition: Girl Gone Wild - Has Miley Cyrus Gone Too Far This Time? 









 Thanks.

 




 In common useage (sic), "not guilty" means "legally innocent."

Not guilty means that there was not enough evidence to move a juror beyond a reasonable doubt. That is all. The jury CAN NOT find him innocent.  




 I wonder how [Tim Uppal](http://www.timuppal.ca/), M.P. for Edmonton-Sherwood Park and Minister of State for Multiculturalism will react. 




 The downvotes you're getting is a clear example of some redditors' acute misunderstanding of the law. Not guilty =/= proven innocent. It's a simple fact yet one so few here can grasp.
 




 Naked Lunch and This Nation's Saving Grace.
 




 Was thinking about Blood Meridian with Joy Division, but this is better. Godspeed would probably go well with a lot of Cormac McCarthy.

 




 I've seen this story about ten times on reddit this weekend, but this one gets my up vote for the awesome headline.
 




 The White Stripes.
 




 Yes, I understand what you're saying but if you don't understand the importance of race in the problems of America, you don't understand the problem at all. 
 




 Right and wrong. People are responsible for their actions, but systemic problems have to be taken into consideration. The fact that white America kills every black man who stands up for his rights like Medgar Evers, Martin Luther King, Malcolm X and Fred Hampton probably has something to do with it.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdv08c0aiTE

 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdv08c0aiTE
 




 Some more facts:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdv08c0aiTE

Of course I know you won't watch this because you don't want to be proven wrong, but until white America recognizes the cause of the black community's problems, nothing will change.
 




 Right here. This is exactly what Reddit thinks and you couldn't be more wrong. If you want to be proven wrong, watch this:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdv08c0aiTE

But it's okay, I know you won't. 




 Reddit's race-baiting begins anew. Because white people don't commit crimes.
 









 Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me? 




 Hunter S. Thompson was an important, entertaining journalist who deserved much, much better than Ellis' weak-ass Spider Jerusalem. I don't think I've ever disliked an homage/parody as much as Spider. 




 Fair enough. But it IS an interesting look inside Hollywood. If he wasn't such a dick, it would be a great rags to riches story.
 




 War is peace.

Freedom is Slavery.

Ignorance is Strength.
 




 Seriously, check out Overnight. I think you'll be surprised at exactly how much of a complete and utter shitbag Troy Duffy really is. I mean, there are scumbags and then there are scumbags and then there's Troy Duffy. The article doesn't even tell the half of it. So full of himself it's unbelievable. If he had just fucked himself over, that would be one thing, but he fucks over his friends, and then he tries to fuck over Harvey Weinstein. Big mistake. Big, big mistake.
 




 The story behind this movie is better than the movie:

http://www.theguardian.com/film/2005/jul/01/1

 




 Yeah, I think you're right. In The Firm, Bex obviously is a bit of a nutter and he "needs the buzz" but a lot of the other guys just want to be a part of something. "It's about belonging" says one guy at the end. They want to be a part of something and the violence is how they qualify themselves. We all have aggressive tendencies but you have to be a bit of a sociopath to make hooliganism part of your life. Fighting is one thing, slicing people's mouths open with razor blades is something else. 









 There's a film about the group of photographers of which Carter was a member called [The Bang Bang Club](http://www.thebangbangclub.com/). Manic Street Preachers also wrote a song about him called [Kevin Carter](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLDr0QNCUd4). 




 There are lots and lots of other factors involved, and Taibbi addresses many of them. In fact, he doesn't even make the claim anywhere in the article that the high cost of college is in any way, shape or form the federal government's responsibility.
 









 I had a friend who worked in the publishing industry, among people who worked in said industry, romance novels were known as "rape fiction". 




 Lindsay Lohan, take note.
 




 Thank you. This movie is mediocre at best. The Firm is superb.
 









 "How far can you take it? Trick or treat...bang bang!"
 




 My fave: [Bald asshole.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUdfdzm0EpU) 




 Roxy Music - [Love is the Drug](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n3OepDn5GU) 




 Check out his channel, he's got a bunch of other really funny reviews, the Saturn 3 one is my fave:

http://www.youtube.com/user/strontiumcrypt
 




 A friend of mine did a hilarious review of this on youtube:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78cWW5BhYUw

 




 Resisting arrest.
 




 Better call Saul. 









 Quite simply, one of the most stunning shots in the history of the medium.
 




 While he wrote many plays and poems, Oscar Wilde only wrote one book, The Picture of Dorian Gray.
 




 Couldn't have put it better myself. My guess, this link will just disappear and Reddit will go back to its usual race-baiting at the earliest opportunity.
 




 Blood Meridian. If you've read it, you know it's one of the most disturbing endings to any book ever. 




 Typical redditors. Bitch about Walmart's shit wages, then come up with bullshit excuses as to why it's okay to pay a millionaire movie star's body double the same shit wage. It's called fairness, look it up.

Edit: [I'm not talking about rules. I'm talking about manners.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu_cYrDFU18) 




 It just all sounds the same to me at this point. I'm certainly never surprised by him. I'm thinking primarily of the work he's done with Tim Burton. I can recognize it from the first couple of notes and it just grates on me. Stuff like the [Alice in Wonderland theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5VcWD2LI7U) is just so hackneyed.  




 Likewise. I was a little shocked at how...goddamned stupid...a lot of the comments were. Of course, a lot of those are from 60-year-olds who won't be around in 50 years so they just don't give a shit. Jesus, we are so screwed. 




 There is probably no composer I love more than Ennio Morricone.

There is probably no composer I loathe more than Danny Elfman.
 




 Keanu Reeves is so awful in everything it's not even funny. His popularity is all out of proportion to his "talent." He does do a good vacant, empty idiot. I'll give him that. He's the anti-Gary Oldman.
 




 Stop making shit movies you fucking hack. 









 Everything O'Reilly's Saying ~~About Race~~ Is "Easily Debunked With About 20 Minutes Of Googling". 




 I've probably watched the whole thing...er...four or five times. Yeah, I'm addicted, it's just too good. Your Apocalypse Now analogy is perfect. I don't want to be one of those guys who pushes it on people, but I always say that it's an entire piece, like five chapters of a book and you have to watch the whole thing to "get" it. Ever read Simon's blog? Some good stuff there: http://davidsimon.com/
 




 How far into The Wire are you now? 




 Excellent rule. I ain't so much as touched a burner in a year. 




 Directed by Sren Kragh-Jacobsen.
 




 From his comments on youtube:

"No. Didnt promise anything at all. In fact, I had worked 60 hours that week and told her all week that saturday was my day to get stuff done around the house. But as usual she threw a fit about it. She has broken doors off the jambs at our house. Needless to say, that was the last day I lived in our house. I have moved out and filed a restraining order against her." 




 Whoa, whoa, whoa...not an ounce of bitterness in my sentiment at all. Just calling it like I see it. It's the way things are but that doesn't mean you can't try and do something about it. By all means fight for what you think is right, but don't delude yourself as to how things are.
 




 Get used to it. Welcome to the new normal.
 




 Sigh.

Can a "boy" beat up a grown man to have such injuries as Zimmerman had? It's not slander if it's true and shows evidence that's relevant, such as showing that Trayvon was perfectly capable of violence.

You mean the ["very insignificant"](http://news.yahoo.com/zimmerman-trial-judge-tells-jury-ignore-detectives-description-163625943.html) injuries? Here we have the crux of the issue. Zimmerman was a coward. He had 25 pounds on Trayvon! Yet he couldn't handle him, and instead of fighting like a man, he shot an unarmed 17-year-old like a bitch. You just accept without question that Zimmerman shot in self-defense. I don't. 
 









 Anything to slander a dead boy. Pathetic. You're more concerned about the PHOTO of a gun on a cellphone than the ACTUAL GUN Zimmerman used to murder him. Absurd. If your hero George had just been minding his own business, none of this would be an issue. Instead, he played cop and ended up murdering an unarmed 17-year-old. As a result, he will live the rest of his life in fear. Good.
 




 More proof that Robert is a piece of shit:

http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/zimmerman-brother-unleashes-twitter-rant-martin-case-article-1.1299501
 




 More proof that Robert is a piece of shit:

http://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/zimmerman-brother-unleashes-twitter-rant-martin-case-article-1.1299501
 




 Jesus, hadn't seen that before. Pathetic.
 




 People can watch the entire interview and decide for themselves. What makes his answer particularly disgusting is that, as Cenk pointed out, he was being asked a question about how to bring people together, how to bring some healing to this situation. And he answers by bringing up the guns and drugs, which is just disgusting in the extreme. Perhaps the worst answer he could have given.

That George Zimmerman will live the rest of his life in fear, looking over his shoulder, bothers me not in the slightest. That's what you get for stalking and murdering an unarmed person. Fuck him. 




 Yes, all of that came out during the trial. You just don't seem to understand why it is wrong to slander a dead boy that your brother murdered. The links you provide are not evidence that he was growing marijuana nor that he was seriously trying to purchase a gun. How many 17-year-olds' cellphones have pictures of weed and guns? Probably most of them, but that is not evidence, and certainly not the kind of evidence that you would need to justify slandering a dead boy that your brother murdered after he got away with murdering him. 




 Nowhere in your typo-riddled diatribe do you actually manage to defend Robert's words. So you must agree, back to the parent, that it is absurd to suggest that Robert has been "articulate and well mannered." His answer at the end was, quite simply, petty and disgusting. Perhaps it runs in the family.
 




 Please do.
 




 Yes. Do you? This isn't a case of that. [Here's the full interview.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ePcLS5f7jw) Please show me where he says something that mitigates the slander of a dead boy that his brother murdered. Where does he say something that justifies his drugs and guns comment? How is Cenk's analysis wrong? Please place that comment in context. 




 Yes, fuck you as well.

In this case, this is strictly ad hominem. It makes absolutely no difference who the host of the show is, the only thing that matters is did Robert say those things? Yes, he did, ergo he is a disgusting piece of shit. Q.E.D.
 




 That both brothers are pieces of shit? Yeah, that truth must hurt.
 




 Right back at you.
 




 It makes no difference how polite he was in the rest of the interview if he also spewed that nonsense about drugs and guns. What kind of utter piece of shit do you have to be to badmouth a guy after he's dead and your brother got off on the charge? A Zimmerman piece of shit, I guess. 




 "Robert has been nothing but articulate and well mannered through out this."

[You must be joking.
](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-fxth4wKhQ)
 









 [Back during slavery, there were two types of slaves...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znQe9nUKzvQ) 









 Liz clearly suffers from [bitchy resting face](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v98CPXNiSk). 




 Jesus fucking christ, take a fucking pill. Is this just an internet thing where people are rushing to take offense? First of all, sorry to hear you lost your job, second of all, if you're at all skilled, you'll find something else, third, Sun Media sucks shit. The end.
 




 Wouldn't they just torture him to find out who the other people are, and then torture them to get each piece of the secret? 




 Yes, yes, yes... 




 :) 




 It was a joke, son.

BTW, I've been working in Canadian media for many years. I know what it takes to put out a newspaper.
 




 Not 360 Sun Media jobs. I could understand if they were actual journalists and reporters, now that would be different....
 




 Hilarious clip. 

Terrible headline.
 









 Still my favorite Wes Anderson movie. One of the best coming-of-age films ever made.
 









 If only someone had told this to George Zimmerman.  




 [Griselda Blanco](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griselda_Blanco). I thougth CC 1 was great, haven't seen 2 yet. 




 In the state of Florida, the season on African-Americans now runs year round. Come one, come all.  And bring a handgun. The legislators are fine with this blood on their hands. The governor, too. One man accosted another and when it became a fist fight, one man  and one man only  had a firearm. The rest is racial rationalization and dishonorable commentary.

If I were a person of color in Florida, I would pick up a brick and start walking toward that courthouse in Sanford. Those that do not, those that hold the pain and betrayal inside and somehow manage to resist violence  these citizens are testament to a stoic tolerance that is more than the rest of us deserve.  I confess, their patience and patriotism is well beyond my own.

Behold, the lewd, pornographic embrace of two great American pathologies:  Race and guns, both of which have conspired not only to take the life of a teenager, but to make that killing entirely permissible.  I cant look an African-American parent in the eye for thinking about what they must tell their sons about what can happen to them on the streets of their country.  Tonight, anyone who truly understands what justice is and what it requires of a society is ashamed to call himself an American. 









 [Posner's answer]( http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html):

**Q: Can you explain what the House Select Committee on Assassinations (1978-79) found out in the acoustic evidence, and what happened afterward concerning the issue of the reliability of the evidence?**

A: The House Select Committee on Assassinations used sound experts to listen to a Dallas police Dictabelt. They concluded with a 95 percent certainty that there was a fourth shot fired at Dealey Plaza, and it came from the grassy knoll.

The National Academy of Sciences reviewed their work and found a multitude of errors and omissions. The most serious of which was that at the time that the Select Committee experts thought the shots were, [it] actually, [was] one minute after the assassination had actually taken place.

Dealey Plaza is a veritable echo chamber, and it makes it very difficult sometimes to analyze the acoustic testimony. However, by looking at the statements of a witness who gave an opinion as to the source of the shots, we can see certain trends.

Eighty-eight percent of the 179 witnesses who expressed an opinion said there were three shots and three shots only. The largest group that identified a location, 28 percent, said they came from the book depository. Only four witnesses, 2 percent of all the witnesses at Dealey, heard shots coming from more than one location. 




 Watch [Kids](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkjj7MlvIyI). It's a modern masterpiece. Seriously, a terrific movie. Don't know how much Korine "wrote" since it's pretty cinema verite, but well worth checking out.

 




 Yes, but it's one that makes sense and has evidence backing it up. The multiple shooter theory just requires too many assumptions. 




 I honestly don't see any holes in the Oswald theory. One of the books I read was *Oswald's Tale* by Norman Mailer, an exhaustive, 800+ page biography. By the time he was 24, Oswald had: joined the marines, gotten court-martialed, become a Marxist, defected to Russia, gotten married, moved back to the States, started a pro-Castro group, attempted to assassinate a General, shot the president and killed a cop. It was a crazy life that all points to a nobody who wanted to be a somebody and Kennedy's visit gave him the opportunity. Don Delillo probably put it best:



*"Oswald would not have walked two blocks to shoot at the president. The president had to come to him, and this is what happened, ruinously, on Nov. 22. This was an act of naked desperation. Oswald abandoned his claim to history and became the first of those soft white dreamy young men who plan the murder of a famous individual -- a president, a presidential candidate, a rock star -- as a way of organizing their loneliness and misery, making a network out of it, a web of connections."* 




 I don't know. It was traveling fast enough that it broke the bone I suppose. 




 How about anything. Anything at all. Any shred of proof of a conspiracy. Other than hearsay there isn't anything. 




 If you don't buy Posner's argument, you don't buy it, nothing i can do about that. 

Conspiracies exist. Who killed David Kelly? Who killed Gary Webb? I don't know.

But you have yet to show me one single shred of evidence of any kind whatsoever. As I've said before, if Kennedy was killed by some conspiracy, it was the single most successful conspiracy in the history of mankind. So successful that every single piece of evidence about that conspiracy has been kept secret for 50 years. Not one single witness, not one piece of evidence has been revealed. That seems highly unlikely. 




 lol...at least it's not Osamalives6493. That guy is crazy! 




 Not necessarily. 




 [There was no magic bullet. It travelled in a straight line.](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html)

**Q: Can you give me the conventional conspiratorial descriptions of the "magic bullet's" movement, and what the four commissions which investigated the assassination concluded?**

A: Critics claim that the bullet came through President Kennedy, hesitated for a second and a half in mid-air, deciding where to go, then made a right turn, went over and hit Governor Connally in the right shoulder, came out of his right nipple, made another right turn to move over and hit Governor Connally's wrist. Then when it came out of here, decided "Where should I go?" and made a left turn, a 90-degree turn, and went into his thigh. Four government commissions all concluded that's absolutely false, that, in fact, it was a straight line right through the two men.  




 Suspicious, yes. But that just doesn't mean there was a conspiracy. There just isn't any evidence of any kind. Not even a little bit. It's all just conjecture.
 




 Sure, it's suspicious. Things seem weird. It doesn't add up...all of this falls far short of any hard evidence. If there was any evidence of any kind whatsoever, you'd have some kind of argument for a conspiracy, but there just isn't any evidence at all of any kind. 




 Damn! You figured it out!!! My plans are ruined!!!

But seriously, not sure where it is online, but if you can find it, well worth watching.
 




 [From the Posner interview:](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html)

**On the night of Nov. 22, where is Ruby emotionally?**

I view Ruby as very agitated from the night of the assassination, Friday. It continues to build through Saturday. A number of events take place that sort of seem to propel him at even a faster rate into what I view as this emotional deterioration.

One of them is the belief that the Jewish community in Dallas is going to be blamed for the assassination, based upon an ad that had run the day the president arrived, signed by a Jewish name. Another is when he comes across a billboard that says, "Impeach Earl Warren." [He believes] that it may be part of a right-wing plot connecting the billboard to the anti-Jewish campaign, furthering his excitability.

The third is that he runs into a stripper and a policeman together in a car on Saturday night. They talk to him for about an hour, and they carry on that Oswald should be taken and quartered; that if it was England, he would be carried through the streets, and he would be dead.

Ruby gets very worked up into this very anti-Oswald feeling. He is really at the edge of this emotional stability by the time Saturday rolls into Sunday.  




 [From the Posner interview:](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html)

**On the night of Nov. 22, where is Ruby emotionally?**

I view Ruby as very agitated from the night of the assassination, Friday. It continues to build through Saturday. A number of events take place that sort of seem to propel him at even a faster rate into what I view as this emotional deterioration.

One of them is the belief that the Jewish community in Dallas is going to be blamed for the assassination, based upon an ad that had run the day the president arrived, signed by a Jewish name. Another is when he comes across a billboard that says, "Impeach Earl Warren." [He believes] that it may be part of a right-wing plot connecting the billboard to the anti-Jewish campaign, furthering his excitability.

The third is that he runs into a stripper and a policeman together in a car on Saturday night. They talk to him for about an hour, and they carry on that Oswald should be taken and quartered; that if it was England, he would be carried through the streets, and he would be dead.

Ruby gets very worked up into this very anti-Oswald feeling. He is really at the edge of this emotional stability by the time Saturday rolls into Sunday.  




 What's not to buy? It's physics. If you shoot something from the back, the explosion, the force, comes out of the front, pushing the head back.  




 From the [Posner interview](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html):

**Q: Describe Lee Harvey Oswald's shooting ability.**

A: Just three weeks after joining the Marines, he's trained in the use of an M-1 rifle. He shoots on a rifle range [a score of] 212, which means he qualified for the second-highest position in the Marine Corps, that of a sharpshooter.

Near the end of his stay in the Marines in 1959, after being court-martialed twice and his morale was low, he went back to re-qualify himself in the range -- still shot a 191, and still qualified as a marksman. That meant that he could hit a 10-inch target eight times out of ten from 200 yards away. 




 Nope. It's suspicious as hell. As was the murder of Malcolm X, David Kelly, Gary Webb, and a whole host of others. Conspiracies exist. But the thing with JFK is this: in 50 years, not one single shred of hard evidence has come to light. Not one. Not even a little bit. Other than hearsay and conjecture, there simply is not one single piece of hard evidence at all. You know why? Because it doesn't exist. Seriously, check out "Oswald's Ghost." Excellent documentary.
 




 Sigh. The big one. Here's the thing. If you shoot someone in the back of the head, the bullet hole going in is small. The shot coming out is big. The explosive force out of the front is going to push the head back.


From the [Posner](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html) interview:

**Q: The head wound. Everyone looks at the backward motion of the president's head and says, "That's got to mean the shot came from the front and shoved the head back."**

A: When I first saw the Zapruder film, I thought that it was evidence of a shot from the front. ... I asked the experts, "What does that mean, that backwards head movement?" What they told me is, several things are happening. First, as the cortex of the brain is destroyed, a neuromuscular response shoots down the spine, sending a seizure through the body. The body's muscles twitch, with the large muscles in the back predominating.

Remember, Kennedy's wrapped into a back brace. It's wrapped right underneath his breast all the way down and wrapped around his legs. You can't tell from that seizure where he's going to move in the car. But then something happens. Out the right side of his head, an explosion takes place. On the [enhanced Zapruder film](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPdBXh-ltaA), you can see a cloud, a red mist of brain and blood tissue moving forward. It's almost a jet effect. As that propels out his head, it has much more force than the force of the bullet moving in, and it shoots him in the opposite direction. It shoots out to the right front and left, violently.

Two things. As the president's brain is destroyed, he goes into a neuromuscular seizure. His body starts to stiffen up. At the same time that the wound explodes out the right front side of his head and as that blood and brain tissue moves out, it forces him in the opposite direction, the jet effect, back and to the left, violently.  




 Jack Ruby?
 




 I don't deny for a second that conspiracies exist. COINTELPRO and Watergate prove it. I know my Malcolm X really well and know the FBI and NYPD had a hand in it. (John Ali, the NOI's national secretary was an FBI agent.) But the problem with Kennedy is that there is no actual, real, hard, concrete evidence. None. At all. Not even a little bit. Just some hearsay. In 50 years not one single shred of hard evidence has come to light. It's because there isn't any. Seriously, check out Oswald's Ghost, probably the best documentary on the assassination. It answers a lot of these questions. 




 Just ramblings. Inject him with cancer cells? Really? If "they" wanted him dead because of what he'd reveal, he'd be dead. Again, no evidence at all, just conjecture.
 




 Why wouldn't he just want to get away with it so that, you know, he didn't go to jail for the rest of his life?

I highly, highly recommend watching [Oswald's Ghost.](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/oswald/) 




 How is the secret service going to close every single window in Dallas?

JFK had enemies, but again, there is simply no evidence of any kind that there was a conspiracy. If it was, it was the most successful conspiracy in the history of the world. Occam's razor works here. The Oswald theory requires no assumptions, the conspiracy angle requires about a million.
 




 Conspiracies certainly exist. The FBI had a hand in Malcolm X's assassination as well, COINTELPRO was a vicious operation, but when you study the JFK assassination, there's just no evidence whatsoever. If it was a conspiracy, it was the most successful conspiracy in the history of the world. Not a single piece of evidence has ever been uncovered.
 




 Grrrr. That makes me upset. I've read about four different translations of the book and know it fairly well. Would love to see a good documentary based on it, exploring how various generals did or did not apply the lessons of the book throughout history...but I guess this isn't it. 




 No.
 




 Two weeks past his 17th birthday, yes. I'm not assuming he didn't start the confrontation, but there is no proof he did and, I think, plenty of proof of how aggressive Zimmerman was: "Fucking punks", "Assholes", driving around with a loaded gun, following Trayvon (even after he was asked not to). Only if you give Zimmerman every benefit of every doubt does his story make sense, which I won't do. Not with Trayvon dead.

The thing is, even if every aspect of Zimmerman's story is true and we believe every single thing he says, I still think he should go to jail. If we let Zimmerman go, then it's just open season on people. It means I can go around with a gun, provoke people, yell "Help!", kill them and then claim self-defense. That's insanity.

[The war on drugs is a war on black people.](http://drugwarfacts.org/cms/?q=node/64#sthash.diwVnr9b.dpbs)

Have you seen [The Wire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDMoKfvPe70)? I cannot recommend it highly enough. (The link is just to some scenes from the third season. A good action sequence but doesn't give an idea of the show's entire message.) The best show in the history of television. David Simon, the show's creator, put it best. [The drug war is a holocaust in slow motion.](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/may/25/the-wire-creator-us-drug-laws) 




 Posner addresses that in the interview linked above:

"The House Select Committee on Assassinations used sound experts to listen to a Dallas police Dictabelt. They concluded with a 95 percent certainty that there was a fourth shot fired at Dealey Plaza, and it came from the grassy knoll.

The National Academy of Sciences reviewed their work and found a multitude of errors and omissions. The most serious of which was that at the time that the Select Committee experts thought the shots were, [it] actually, [was] one minute after the assassination had actually taken place.

Dealey Plaza is a veritable echo chamber, and it makes it very difficult sometimes to analyze the acoustic testimony. However, by looking at the statements of a witness who gave an opinion as to the source of the shots, we can see certain trends.

Eighty-eight percent of the 179 witnesses who expressed an opinion said there were three shots and three shots only. The largest group that identified a location, 28 percent, said they came from the book depository. Only four witnesses, 2 percent of all the witnesses at Dealey, heard shots coming from more than one location." 




 Other communities face robberies yet unarmed sixteen-year-olds don't get gunned down because they don't have Zimmermans walking around.

Saying your life is in danger after the fact doesn't make it so. A few scratches and a bloody nose doesn't make it so. I think Zimmerman overreacted and a boy is dead. He should suffer the consequences.

Having a half-black man in the White House doesn't mean a thing for the majority of black people in the U.S. [The war on drugs is a disguise for a war on black people](http://davidsimon.com/a-fight-to-the-last-mexican/).

"One of every nine black families has a close relative in prison over aggressive arrests done by US law enforcement. Even though usage of illegal drugs are roughly the same along racial lines, the Drug Policy Alliance Network shows that blacks constitute 13 percent of drug users, but are 38 percent of people arrested for drug offenses, and 59 percent of those convicted. The Human Rights Watch supported this claim as well, stating that of blacks convicted of drug crimes 71% are incarcerated, compared with 63% of convicted whites. US laws have a much higher penalty for possession and distribution of crack cocaine, a frequently used drug among African Americans and this affects the Black community as well." - Wiki

 




 See, I just think you're giving Zimmerman way too much benefit of the doubt. The way you're presenting him is as a dutiful citizen going about his business and helping the neighborhood. From his comments about fucking punks and assholes always getting away and his suspicion of Trayvon (which in hindsight was 100% wrong), I think it's clear he's on the prowl looking for trouble. Why follow him? He was looking for trouble. Why have a gun? He's looking for trouble. If he was a neighborhood watch good guy, the police would've been called and that would be that. But Trayvon's dead and Zimmerman killed him, we can agree on that, and the idea that unarmed 16-year-old Trayvon posed such a threat that Zimmerman was within his rights to blow a hole in his chest is just absurd to me.

Frankly, if Zimmerman gets off scott-free, there *should* be riots in Florida. Black people are still second-class citizens in the U.S. 




 Actually, I took an interest in the JFK assassination a while back and after reading quite a few books on the topic, and watching several documentaries, I would have to say that I am more convinced than ever that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone. Crazy, I know, but I think you'll find all of the conspiracy theory is just that, theory. No concrete evidence of a conspiracy has ever been uncovered in the last 50 years because no evidence exists. This [Gerald Posner](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html) interview is pretty good at answering a lot of the questions around the assassination. Also, check out ["Oswald's Ghost"](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/oswald/). It makes an extremely strong case for Oswald acting alone. They also make clear that Jim Garrison was a loon. 




 No, it hasn't been settled. There are arguments on both sides. I think here is a clear case of reasonable doubt. The prosecution interpreted it as "fucking punks", you think it's "fucking cold", I think it's "fucking coons". Reasonable doubt.

[Prowl](http://www.thefreedictionary.com/prowl): "To roam through stealthily, as in search of prey or plunder." That's what he was doing.

[Vigilante](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/vigilante): "One who takes or advocates the taking of law enforcement into one's own hands." That's what he was.

[Fake-ass](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=fake-ass): "Describing or pertaining to one's inability to accomplish their motives. When one tries to be something they are not." That one's from the Urban Dictionary, but I think it applies pretty well!

I am using that quote to show his frame of mind, not who initiated the confrontation. His frame of mind was clearly, obviously, already confrontational. As for Trayvon's "drug use", that's the weakest shit I've heard about this entire case. The idea that marijuana is at all relevant is just more pro-Zimmerman nonsense. Besides, whether or not he was "on drugs" is different than if he had marijuana in his system, and I understand the latter to be the case.

Watch the O'Donnell clip, it's good.

So, we just have to agree to disagree. I think it's unreasonable doubt. I think he's going to get off scott-free and Florida will explode. We'll see.

As an aside, you seem like a reasonable person, doesn't it bother you that you're throwing your lot in with the FOX News/Breitbart/anti-black crowd? They're pretty much wrong 100% of the time. 




 If the prosecution didn't use it, it's probably because they didn't think it was clear enough to help their case. That's not proof he didn't say it. Maybe he said goons? Maybe it was tunes? Maybe it was dunes? Maybe.

Zimmerman WAS on the prowl. He WAS a vigilante. He WAS a fake-ass cop. Those aren't emotional terms. They're facts. What else could you possibly call him? His own words condemn him. "This guy looks like he's up to no good, or he's on drugs or something. These assholes, they always get away. These fucking punks." and, quite likely, "[fucking coons](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IKKqnF0WlE)". (A different link than the previous one. Lawrence O'Donnell takes apart the argument that it's "goons.")

I think the "reasonable doubt" standard is what we disagree upon. To me, to suggest Zimmerman should get off scott-free could only be arrived at by invoking unreasonable doubt. 




 You're letting yourself get emotional and sarcastic, that doesn't really help the discussion.

You're talking about one audio expert, I'm providing you with the fact that it was 16 degrees Celsius and he had a jacket on and the actual recording of what he said. You can continue to believe whatever you want, but I think you're stretching the facts past the breaking point. It wasn't cold and it's certainly possible, is it not, that he said coons? Surely there's some reasonable doubt there.

Again, he was on the prowl with a loaded gun and followed Trayvon, an altercation ensued and Trayvon is dead. Somehow, you're putting all of this together to the point of exculpating Zimmerman. You're not even allowing the possibility of him being responsible for the murder he committed. I haven't said any of those things about Trayvon, yet you're basically saying them about Zimmerman. Proud and noble defender of justice saving us all from the house-robbing darkies. More like fake-ass cop following people with a loaded gun who got in over his head and committed murder. But in America, you can get away with murder as long as it's black people you're killing. That's been true for a long time, and you refuse to see America's racial history as playing a part in this story. That's being willfully obtuse in my book.  




 I highly, highly doubt it sounds like cold to you. I think you can obviously hear him saying coons but your bias won't let you admit it. The thing is, it *wasn't* cold. [It was over 16 degrees Celsius at the time he made the call](http://www.wunderground.com/history/airport/KSFB/2012/2/26/DailyHistory.html?req_city=Sanford req_state=FL req_statename=Florida) *and* Zimmerman had a jacket on! "Cold." Bullshit.

The whole issue of who made the confrontation physical is a matter of pure conjecture. Trayvon is dead so we only have one side of the story. You don't know who made it physical and neither do I. All we know is that a self-appointed vigilante driving around with a gun murdered an unarmed 16-year-old. The majority of people on reddit think he should get off scott-free. That's fucking insane.

I'm not making this racial, it is racial. Black people are disposable in the U.S. and have been for a long time. This is just another example of it. As I said, if Trayvon was white and Zimmerman was black, this case would be open and shut. That's America.




 




 White men kill black men and black men kill white men all the time. The reason Trayvon's murder is getting play is because he was an unarmed 16-year-old murdered by a man who wasn't even charged at the time. They took his word for it and that was that. That is the value America puts on the life of black men. Hopefully all four of those black guys go away for a long, long time. But to suggest that America places more emphasis on white on black crime is absurd. [Frankly, I think if the races were switched, we wouldn't even be having this conversation.](http://i.imgur.com/wFMPKKy.jpg) 




 How about ["Fucking coons"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGuctYqCDvo)? Sounds racial to me.

There is no reasonable doubt as to who blew a whole in Trayvon's chest. I also think that the guy driving around with a loaded gun following people is clearly the one making the confrontation physical. Only in America is the guy walking back from the store with Skittles the one to blame. [Again, if Trayvon was white and Zimmerman was black, we wouldn't be having this conversation.](http://i.imgur.com/wFMPKKy.jpg) 




 What does a totally unrelated news story have to do with this? Who's saying the Marietta murder wasn't racially motivated? Looks like it was. So what?  




 Your bias is showing. The self-appointed vigilante George Zimmerman blew a hole in an unarmed 16-year-old's chest after following him after he had been told not to and looking for a confrontation. "Fucking punks. These assholes. They always get away." When the bitch-ass Zimmerman started getting his ass beat he went for his gun like a coward. Hope he goes away for life. If Zimmerman was black and Trayvon was white, Zimmerman would have been locked away a long time ago. 




 I just can't believe how many people on reddit have no problem with what Zimmerman did. If he gets off scott free, the message is out: it's open season on black people. Hunt them down and provoke them into a fight and you can murder them and nothing will be done. Disgusting and disappointing in the extreme.  




 The death spiral continues...
 




 Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths 














 Fucking reddit. So smart when it comes to most issues, so fucking stupid when it comes to matters of race. You can't break a man's legs and then complain that he isn't running fast enough. Every single person who commits a crime is responsible for their actions and should be punished accordingly. I repeat, **every single person who commits a crime is responsible for their actions and should be punished accordingly** but if you don't know your history, you won't know why we are where we are. Of all our studies, history is best qualified to reward our research. I'm going to keep posting this video in every thread where reddit rears its knee-jerk racism:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdv08c0aiTE

 




 Harold Bloom does the same thing in the Modern Classics introduction to Blood Meridian. Kind of ridiculous. 




 Came across it a couple of years ago, it's actually Japanese:

http://io9.com/5723698/a-massive-cross+section-map-of-the-walled-city-of-kowloon

http://www.deconcrete.org/2010/03/30/un-real-estate-kowloon/
 




 As long as hip hop exalts people like Drake over groups like The Roots, it will remain a disposable medium full of disposable people broadcasting a disposable message.
 




 A cross-section: [inside the walled city](http://www.rioleo.org/kowloon/crosssection.jpg).


 




 Malcolm X has to be up there. Which is a shame only because so few rappers (Dead Prez aside) actually know anything about him. I think he'd be disappointed in how the black community and hip-hop have essentially rejected his philosophy in favor of bank rolls and hos. 




 Man, good question, there really are a ton of great scenes. I like the old guy explaining anarchism, I like the JFK buff "I'm going to call it either Profiles in Cowardice or Conspiracy a Go-Go", I like the black dude on the street, "Remember, terrorism is the surgical strike capability of the oppressed...can I interest you in a t-shirt?". I also like the guy who thinks we've been on the moon since the 50s. Damn, I can't choose, too many hilarious moments! 




 I fucking love this movie. One of the best indie films ever made. 




 Couldn't agree more. I think this is true of films in general, I like to go into them blind, but it applies even more for The Holy Mountain because it's such a mindbending experience.
 




 I do see what you mean, but I also think it's a valid psychological tactic. Risky, as we've just seen, but I wouldn't classify it as "classless shenanigans". He's trying to mess with the other guy's head and if it makes the other guy lose his cool, or throws him off his game plan, which it certainly can do, I think it's a valid part of the game. Here's [Emanuel Augustus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvkRpykP6mQ) explaining his game. 




 This is EXACTLY the kind of movie you don't want to know anything about before watching for the first time. Worry about "understanding" and "appreciating" it later. You only get to watch this for the first time once, and it is best to go into it knowing nothing. The analysis can come later.
 




 If I had to describe the way I survive its like vice squeezin

The reason I'm black and still breathin

Heathens will breed heathens so

Everybody's suspect I must check your ID

Cuz you lookin sheisty you might be intelligence

Someone that Del's against

Opposite or positive

When I drop the law against nature be faithful

Why should I hate you we ain't that different

We may act differen't in some ways

But we still grouped together like a fuckin survey

Sufferin and fuck em all's the motto

I'm trapped in a bottle

My music's gettin hollow

That's what happens when humanity you follow

Where every leak or info is hard to swallow

Sell your Marlboros and car insurance

Put niggas on the moon and can't pay your burdens

I smoke herb and rock a turban

Meditate on the world and whats occurrin

A lot of white boys like the style and copy

Dig in something deeper and youll peep that were not free

It's not about the seperation its about the population
 




 Here's why:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdv08c0aiTE
 




 There is an excellent documentary on the Mafia called "Excellent Cadavers." I saw it a few years ago and thought it was quite good. Here's a NYT review:

http://movies.nytimes.com/2006/07/12/movies/12cada.html?_r=0
 




 Thanks! Very much looking forward to an overview of the 71-75 period, my favorite Miles era.
 




 What a two-faced hypocrite...from wiki:

"In April of 2010, Fathers4Justice members backed Caroline Nokes for election as her party backed Fathers4Justices' campaign for change to family law. Nokes campaigned along side Fathers4Justice for her election, once elected in 2013 Nokes broke ties with Fathers4Justice and their campaign." 




 Another great Public Enemy album.
 




 The best action movie ever made. Sheer genius!
 




 God, who'd wanna be such an asshole? 




 Great writeup, good job! Just have to mention one of my absolute favorite Manics tracks, Found That Soul:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uwacLOnyKA

 




 No, that won't work. Reverse the polarity.
 




 That must sting.
 




 Word. Couldn't agree more. If only he'd had that budget. If only I trusted someone today to do it today...someone working with HBO? Fortunately, between the manga and the anime, what we have is a modern sci-fi story that stands among the best the 20th century has to offer. It's as good as Star Trek, Star Wars, Blade Runner, etc. Thanks Katsuhiro! Also, Domu is brilliant!
 




 It's not you. I'm a huge, huge fan of Akira, but I honestly believe you have to read the comic to truly understand it. 




 I really, really hate to be THAT GUY, but as a huge fan of the anime, I just have to say, if you liked the movie, you'll LOVE the manga. As a comic book fan for many years prior to reading Akira, I was blown away. I just can't recommend it enough. I truly believe it will enhance your enjoyment of the film. 




 Central Park:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy1hXDOenOY
 




 Hell no.
 




 If you haven't seen it before, watch this. Bjork, All is Full of Love:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjAoBKagWQA

 




 "I know what I am talking about when I am talking about the revolutions. The people who read the books go to the people who can't read the books, the poor people, and say, "We have to have a change." So, the poor people make the change. And then, the people who read the books, they all sit around the big polished tables, and they talk and talk and talk and eat and eat and eat. But what has happened to the poor people? They're dead! That's your revolution! So, please, don't tell me about revolutions! And what happens afterwards? The same fucking thing starts all over again!" 




 People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people. 




 Yes!
 




 War is god.
 









 And the private prison industry laughs.
 




