 Have I answered all your questions satisfactorily and offered good customer service?  




 OP's Mom. 




 [Subtitles to movies that aren't actually read as part of the movie aren't subtitles they're scripts]  (http://www.imsdb.com/) 




 It looks like my compost turner married a spit roast and had a baby. 




 From what I'm reading California has a Points system like we have here ... these are basically demerits that go on your record in addition to the monetary fees.  If they accumulate too high, worse things happen.  Depending on your insurance, they may only look at the points on your record.   

Sometimes even for a simple speeding ticket by appearing in court you can explain the circumstance, that it's your first ticket, etc and perhaps get the points reduced or removed.  It's extremely doubtful you'll get out of the monetary pentalties though. 

Apparently for CA if you just pay the ticket online than you get hit with the points.  As a young drive you're already starting from a ditch in terms of insurance ... I would find and insurance sub and ask if your insurers looks at anything other than points.  If they only look at points, I'd go to court and try to get the points removed at least. 

You definitely don't need a lawyer. 
 




 By turning yourself in did you get reduced sentencing ? What was it like living before turning yourself in ? Were you paranoid ? Scared ? Making the decision to do your time while your kid  is still a baby seems to make sense. 

Also, this is the single best AMA I've ever read on Reddit.   Ever.   




 SINGLE BEST AMA EVER.    




 Never camped a day in my life in PA, all I know is my wife is from there and she's been bugging me to take her camping at Rickett's Glenn. 




 If it's really just a matter of needing a short sternum strap, I'd consider taking it to your local cleaner/taylor and ask them if they could cut it, shorten it, and then restitch the bar stitching that holds it onto the buckles.

 




 Don't know what your normal diet  is, but I don't see a huge amount of protein in there.  I'd have to eat the whole bag of nuts on day 1 just to get my daily protein ... food for though, perhaps a packet of tuna or some jerky may be good as well.  




 Hey man, having fun leaving Penn-Mar park, I'm jealous.  




 I have a buddy who's never spent the night outdoors and he's working up the courage.  We've agreed to start with car camping, let him ease into it, and then hopefully by fall he'll be backpacking with the rest of us.  I figured I'd take him to any of the nearby State parks; with the showers and potable water on demand plus other activites it seems like a great starter. 

In our State  parks they put you on defined sites that are really gravel pads, about 10 feet away from the next site.  I've only ever car camped on multi-family trips, where we all had sites side by side and even if multiple groups split out playing, hiking whatever there was a group behind to watch over things. 

In this case with just the two of us, if we want to go for a hike think it's ok to leave the gear out, or should we pack it up into the car ?  Or perhaps pack up only stuff that's easy to take (like the stove, cookware, etc) and leave the tent standing ? 
 




 I would call those backpacking tents, where you're really paying for reduced weight and pack size as much as anything else.  If  you're only car camping, and particularly if you're just getting started, you may want to consider a cheaper tent like Eureka.  They'll be roomier, but  bulkier and heavier (as in not recommended necessarily for backpacking) and they'll last forever.   Many of us have 20-30 year old Eurekas that are still holding up fine.   

For waterproofness, the big thing to look at is the fly design; make sure it comes down nice and far and has plenty of lashing points - you want to tension it out away from the main tent walls so they don't touch.   Also consider a footprint or a tarp to go under the main tent floor, particularly if  you'll be in state parks where you may end up setting up on gravel.   If you use a tarp, keep it slightly smaller than the tent's floorprint - you don't want the tarp to stick out past the tent collecting water and funnelling it below you.  

 




 All dialogue takes place over text and Snapchat.  

Late night watching no longer means having to turn the TV down low, and closed captioning is now self-fulfilling.  




 My idea of a great father's day is pretty cheap... I get to chill while someone else cuts the grass, someone else makes  some killer burgers on the grill while I'm sipping pina colada's in the hammock. 

If you're asking for your own Dad, and not for yourself/SO, consider something like that .... consider taking a look at the routine work he has to do and just taking some of that off his hands, followed by like a nice sirloin on the grill and a nice beer or something to that effect.   It's the thought that counts after all ... I would appreciate that a lot more than a brunch.  




 Wow, Will Ferrel looked really young in that video.  




 They're locust, which are pretty vengeful trees.  Can't even tell you what chopping the wood was like ...  




 Brilliant undercover operation executed, and the title is "officer  smoked pot".  Well, at least the US isn't alone in crappy news.  




 Was that .... was that an ... elephant ? I may have PTSD now.  




 Tell you what, it'd be a hell of a lot easier to get a taxi in Hoboken ! 




 Yes, it does.  Like someone reached into a running carrot juicer. 




 good luck buddy. i bought mine used and made a point of doing a radiator gas test right away while it was still under the 30 day warranty.  I do not look  forward to having to do that job... in fact I don't think I could do it myself, I'll probably have to pay. 




 and heavily defended.  mines, tripwires, sharks, stuff like that, just in case anyone's reading and was thinking of heading up there.  




 hey thx  




 yeah, i know what you mean.  you want to live like it's 1964 again.  I dig.  Like I said, google hobo, vagabond, hitchhiking.   




 I can't allow this. 




 head gasket ?  




 Purely in terms of getting a check, being fired is better. May help with medical benefits as well.  But I can understand someone preferring to quit.  Reality though is she didn't really quit, she was quitted. 




 Check.  OP wants to crawl into the woods and die.  Best luck, make sure you leave the movie rights to your family.  




 That lamp post sure has a set of balls.  




 /r/vegetarian ?  




 yeah ...I'll pass on that one.  You guys are a lot more used to organ meat than we are.   




 Real life story - cleaning out the shed, found my old rucksack and A bag. Dig through said rucksack, found a sandbag. Had to be 23 years old at least.  Still terrified me.  I threw that fucker out. Cause sandbags.  
 




 [VEVRAA] (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/Resources.htm).  Yes, sounds like it means Tetra Tech bumps Vets up their list or at least has some of metric on it they have to hit. 




 With or without CLP ?!? 




 Actually I had blood sausage on a trip years ago, really enjoyed it. Even after the Irishman across the table told me what it was.  




 Backpacking *is* travelling with no money, but with an emphasis on hiking long distances in nature as a form of outdoor recreation.  If you're talking about travelling betweens towns, site seeing for little to no money, taking on jobs along the way etc than it sounds like you should google "Vagabond" "hobo" or "tramp" "hostels" "student travel" and terms more like that.  




 Hmm, actually I'm glad you mentioned "Shelving". All the closets in this house had strips of MDF along the walls as brackets.  Not particularly nice nor adjustable.  A few of them I replaced over the years with stained hardwood in which I routed nice edges ... perhaps if I upgraded the actual shelfing in it that would make it more useful to her.   




 
Sorry, the intent wasn't to move the entertainment center up there to use it as an entertainment center.  She wants to use it as the  new linen cabinet, placing it in the same space as the linen closet. 

I realize there's painting, drywalling etc involved.  I've done some pretty large scale work in the house (like completely rebuilding the master bath from the joists up) and I'm not afraid of this tiny job.  

I'm really more concerned over whether it's the right move - ripping out a built in feature of the house that seems to work perfectly well only to replace it with an entertainment center.  This could be received as "cool, nice design touch" or as "what the hell, you ripped out your linen closet ? " I'm definitely in the second camp, but don't want to assume anything so was hoping for more opinions on it. thanks !  




 Now that we know you're both a Gamer *and* A Professional Wrestler : 

Have you ever been tempted to just blindly charge into the ring shouting "Leeeeeeeroooooooooy Paaattttteerrrsonnnnn" ? 

Sorry, I couldn't resist. 




 oh cool you're technical and geeky too.   so how did you get into all the crazy physical stuff ? Is it like a stress relief for you or a way to break the monotony ?  

And ... looks like you've taken some pretty serious hits ... how's your health (physical) ?  




 Thank you for answering.  It seems  like a lot of AMA'ers dodge some of the more interesting questions. 

25k is definitely a nice bonus, and even if you don't win I'm guessing you're having a blast doing this, travelling around and the attention is likely enjoyable. 

Can you share what your day job is ?  




 What does the Hog say ? PHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHT 




 I'm going to guess Mushrooms.  




 Hello, we live in a very small 60's house with really very limited storage.   The wife would like to rip out [this linen closet at the top of the stairs] (http://i.imgur.com/BJGilwW.jpg)  and replace it with [this entertainment cabinet] (http://i.imgur.com/XH6D8wG.jpg).  

The Space:  The door to the left  of the linen cabinet is the smallest bedroom which we use as an office.  To the right is a full bathroom.  I'm standing in the hallway that provides access to the other 3 bedrooms to take this photo.  

Do you think this would be a wise decision, or are we best off keeping the linen closet that came with the house ?  Thanks
 




  why do you recommend staying single?

LoL.  You'll figure it out right about ten years into  marriage ;) 




 What this dude said.

You likely don't have have tax problems ... while you're making great money for a kid it's not huge in the overall scheme of things and not like you need to worry about AMT or shelters, income from other sources and other complex scenarios.   

Working at home you may qualify for home office deductions perhaps ... go ask about that in a tax sub.  

But the most important thing is to figure out what you should look like financially; debt free, emergency savings, large retirement contributions, savings towards goals, etc.   Make sure you're saving correctly.  Don't be the dude who make great money and puts it all into a BMW. 

And stay single.   

 




 I attended Self Destruction School too.  Of course, it's a lot easier now than it was back then.   




 I'd be surprised if the team that runs the website couldn't also get the IP address of the fake orders. If they're being *really* dumb, like using the computer at work for it, problem solved.   




 there's a good chance he's mentally ill and needs help.  perhaps seek out local resources better equipped to help him.  




 Take an extra coffee with my lunch and create a black market for those vouchers...  




 I heard there's this awesome linguistics school in Monterey.   




 As a shop owner you have a responsibility to keep your store free of nuisance people, but I can understand how as a human you'd want a nice way of going about it.   One idea is to look for local resources in your area, so that when you approach the person you're not just turning them away from your store, but pushing them towards something better. 

If the shop owner doesn't mind hiim coming around, but just doesn't want him harassing customers, than something else you could also consider is telling the person to only come by at closing.  Something to the effect of "look man, we realize you're having a rough go and we'd like to help, but you can't harass the customers.  We know you need a restroom like anyone else, and you like doughnuts ... if you can keep yourself from hitting up the customers you're welcome to come by at closing time, use the latrine and grab a doughnut.  But I'm sure you understand that people don't want to be panhandled while shopping.  We want to help you out, but we can't do that if we have to close our shop because noone wants to shop here anymore.". 

In other words, you can still take the high road while asking him to move along.  Of course, if that doesn't work there are absolutely trespass laws that your police will enforce.  Or just find someone to manup and tell hiim straight "look bro, can't come in anymore, customers been complaining".  May have to do it a couple times a row, but eventually he'll get the message... but someone has to man up to it first. 
 




 Awesome ones I made the other night: 
Giant package of ground breef, probably 3, 4 pounds
1 half onion, finely chopped
some dried parsley
a smidgen of dried organo -have to be careful not to use too much
a smidgen of garlic power
roughly a cup of bread crumbs
2 eggs
a whole splattering of A1 sauce.  Been putting A1 in my burgers for years, it's the bestestess. 

grill, top with a good cheese (like a sharp cheddar, a bleu, gouda.  NEVER sliced american) and serve on lightly toasted kaiser roll. 

 




 Bingo, glad someone piped up about this.   So easy, so awesome.  




 So ... wildly firing into the air in the general direction of housing is ok  ?  




 that's funny, my 78 year old Mom started doing the same thing.  




 Someone's making their annual quota on that car. 




 but what do you mean ? he bought the plastic stuff, he put it down.  must be defective.  




  do not believe there exists a leveraged residential reit that will allow me to grow my money faster than increases in housing prices.

Google says there are REITs available to you. No idea what they return.  
 




 yeah, I think I'll give it a shot.  The mod's haven't chimed in on this thread yet so perhaps they're leaving it go to see the community's position on it.  

I know I'm going to need wood flooring soon, as well as interior doors hung and cased if anyone has recommendations on that.    




 it's making more sense now. 




 We're mulching for like the first time ever.  Have a lot of large tree trunks- anywhere from 1 to 2.5 feet in diameter.  We're putting down that black weed barrier; should we put that over the remaining trunks and mulch over them, or cut around ?  Seems like it might be better to know they're there.  And that we could put potted plants on them or something till they rot out.   




 I'm so confused. 

First he's hardcore gangster, then he's goofy family comedy Dad, then he's hardcore gangster.   




 thanks! I try to drink minimum once a day, but if I run or lift I'll drink as recovery as well.  I've been considering laying back off it a bit, but it really does seem to help with growing muscle while losing fat, and with muscle recovery.  The appetite suppresant aspects of protein are a great help too.  I also have a very, very sporadic schedule and may end up missing meals on a regular basis.... try not to let that happen, but it's a reality I have to deal with.  




 I found that doing alot of ab and core work helped me tighten the belt.  Situps, planks, leg lifts, air biking and other lower body/core/ab stuff ... improved my posture which made my belly stick out less, and pulled my belly up and in. It's not reducing the fat - you can't "spot reduce" fat, but it just holds everything up in place better. 

If I stop the ab and core work, even while increasing running, the belly makes itself known again, even though it's getting smaller. 

Now, combine all that with cardio and better nutrition, and you'll be doing really well. my two cents, downvote as you will. 




 Sounds less about the phone, and more about cleaning up after yourself.  




 You think it would be okay to use the dextrose/protein blend all the time ? Or should I only use that as recovery, and keep some plain protein (without dextrose) available for taking in the mornings, not  pwo?  




 I haven't struck out since early spring, but round here "summer" means just take a bag liner. Doesn't get lighter than that.  




 they aren't just websites.  Tires By Web at least I know you can call and someone who really understands  all this will walk your though it all.  Tell you what numbers to read to them, they'll look up your car, etc. So even though it's a discount website, they have full service on the phone.  




 sorry, poor phrasing.  Let me try to explain more clearly: 
Yes, a phenomenal location that must be insanely expensive - I've never seen the visitor volume I would imagine necessary to keep them going. I do know they rent it out for corporate events though, and I'm beginning to suspect it's the corporate events that keep them going, not the museum visits itself. 
 




 I feel you... but using  Hotwire and other websites you may be able to say closer in for that money.   Being on the Metro in Shady Grove is a good backup, but honestly man, that area is the most boring suburbs there  is.  Not like upper East side boring, I mean like LI boring.   Not saying doint do it, just realize that once you get back to your hotel each night you'll have nothing to do.  Probably literally won't even be able to walk to a restaurant, so really I would just do everything downtown, and Metro back north when you're ready to pass out. 

Arlington and some of the closer Va suburbs will give you more nightlife, more local dining, and save you a ton of commuting time that you could spend in our great museums instead.  Really, after hoofing around all day you may regret a long commute. Also, don't underestimate the ability of our metro to get packed shoulder to shoulder, break down, etc. It doesn't leak rainwater or smell of urine though;) 

Another commenter found a room in the city for a hundred bucks a night; you can't beat that. 

How experienced are you with digging out cheap hotel rates ? Are you comfortable using stuff like Priceline, Hotwire, etc ?  You realize that going straight to the hotel to book is often the most expensive way right ?   What time frame are you looking at ?  




 $100 ? Hell, I may drive down and spend the night just to be able to say I got a room in the city for a hundred bucks.  




 I honestly can't figure out how the Newseum exists- in that location - other than for corporate events. But they've held up for years ...  




 All depends on how you like to live OP. I'm sure there are plenty of folks perfectly happy on 40k, and plenty of folks not happy on 150k.  I'll tell you this though - the entire DC region is high earn, high cost.  Kansas this ain't. 

Throw some numbers on the table and you'll get more useful responses from folks.

 




 Was really hoping to see some woman in Mom pants and an ugly blouse jump the fence and climb in.  




 I thought doing a couple light arm sets before going out on a date was universally understood.  




 I take a lean isolate protein as a nutritional supplement as well as a recovery.  It was suggested I add dextrose to it for carbs when using as a recovery drink.  My question is ... do I want to add the dextrose to the whole tub, and have the carb/protein mix the whole time, or mix it separately on the side and only use the dextrose-added mix for recovery purposes only ?    I use the lean isolate because fat loss is a goal.   




 Honestly I think Tire Rack and Tires By Web have the best prices on cheap wheels for snowies ... if you call them up and tell them what you have I'm sure they'll be able to tell you exactly what fits.  I got my Nokians and wheels from Tires by Web, got a great deal, and was very happy last winter.  




 So, I clicked through, and got some giant full  page layover thing and immediately clicked backwards.  

Now, on to the regularly scheduled discussion... the EPA has - very seriously - been starting to regulate wood burning stoves.  There are now EPA compliant wood stoves.   I would not be at all surprised to find in a few years that they started regulating Smoking.  




 yeah, price counts.  I read reviews of some places on like Angies list that go "5 star experience" without talking about the price.  I mean, they could have paid 3 times more for that 5 star experience than say another company.    




 True. I"m not looking for cheap either, just reasonable. I don't mind paying for good work, but I've paid premium pricing for bad work in the past, trying to avoid that.  I guess the most easily discovered companies are the ones who spend alot of money on call centers and radio ads to make themselves more easily discovered... 




 Well, for starts, what's wrong with your own country ? If it's safe to travel alone in the wilderness (and I understand in many, many countries it isn't) than I'm willing to be there's all sorts of spectacular sites to be seen right in your own country.  If you really want to "backpack  the world" than I would  find a travel sub, and start inquiring about the process to get Visas.  Yes, Visas take time and money to get, but you'll also be spending money on airfare, supplies, transportation, probably even some lodging, so you'll need plenty of dough anyhow. 

I would also seek about blogs by folks who have done multi-country backpacks and learn from them.    




 yeah, in hindsight and reading here I think the problem was that I really had only protein.  Pyschologically I felt good, caridio and muscularly I felt good but I guess my energy stores just ran out right away.   So I guess carrying this hump of calories with me doesn't help, I need to make sure I'm getting my carbs before running.  




 Correct.  I have mostly leveraged funds and had one issue. The issue dipped below principal and I sold it.  Keep it on a watch list and it continued diving, so I'm glad I got out when I did. That  was chump change for me, like hundreds of dollars.  My real money is in funds that of course ebb and flow like anything else, but have always remained above my principal balance.  I learned to just make sure I wasn't losing money.  NOT losing opportunity cost, but actual  money.  That was a psychological trick that helped me resist the temptation to jump in and out, and I'm glad I took that approach as my multiyear return on them has been great.  




 "First Sausage".  OMG, dying.  




 and you've already tried scouring powder and a green scrubby ?  what color is the tile? Maybe some diluted bleach may help. 

Also, have you documented the state with your ncoic so that if the shit is like *permanently* damanged you won't get burnt for it ?  




 seriously ? Where is it ? Like 4 blocks north of K-Mart ?  




 For some reason he reminds me of Denzel Washington.  I bet that after the lawsuit, when the book is turned into the movie, he plays this guy.  




 From the third week of basic training on, I have never met anyone in the Army who wasn't a fucking expert on cleaning tile floors.   




 "I tell ya, when I was just a young Micrathene my mother moved us all into a research nest just so she could get some pretty leg bands.  No respect I tell ya, I get no respect. " 




 Your lucky man. Round here you can even rent a lane and a pistol and they'll only sell you one box of 22s. 

I prefer good sites over glass on a pistol too, but for hunting purposes, figured some glass would help. Though I've never used a pistol for hunting animals.  




 Or, in my case, master the side box, then spend a couple-four hundred on a lazy-q cause we're all easting so much I need it to smoke while I"m at work, then one of the family members turns vegetarian.  




 dude you do realize noone's going to lift a finger to mail you a buck fifyt's worth of anything right ?  




 "I'm a private pilot and am looking for places like Lake Whitney in Texas which offers nice camping and has a decent paved runway. Been to some nice places in Oklahoma and Arkansas as such. Does Texas offer anything other than Lake Whitney?"

There, FTFY.  I think.  




 hey man, not to jack your thread but I"ve been thinking about returning a new camelbak for the osprey. I have an osprey pack and the water pouch sleeve is internal and squeezing the camelback into it with a fullpack is a serious pain ... does that long handle on the osprey make it any easier ?  




 Ah, I get it. OP does NOT live in US (which is so damn large, you could spend a lifetime exploring just one country), Canada (ditto, plus bears, syrup and Leafs), or Europe (tons of small countries but with free passage). 

So OP lives in a small  country with no free passage to surrounding countries, and apparently doesn't want to explore their own country.  I'm gonna go ahead and guess Middle East. 

How'd I do OP?  




 One year now. Only ever returned one item, it was very cheerfully refunded.   So still a premier customer service experience, just not over the top anymore.

Over stores have the same (or better? ) policy ... if you're going to mail order from the states you have a huge choice; check out places like Backcountry, Backcountry Edge, EMS (who has a lot of solid store branded products as well), gosh, I couldn't list all the great retail/online options here... but Google can.  And you know, LL Bean has some really good stuff too. 




 those ole Eurekas *still* have design details on them that new manufacturers lack, lack sealable meshing for winter use.   But yes, H.E.A.V.Y.  IIRC, mine was like 7 pounds before fly and footprint.  My new one cost a fortune, is a fraction of the size, but it weighs like 3 pounds.  




 yeah man, give it another day or two before you decide it just isn't for you.  Then, once you've made  up your mind, just tell her you gave it a good go, but it's not for you.  




 I like wheel guns too. Just wanted to say that.  




 Had a 10/22. Great plinker for the money.  Throw a decent scope on it, keep it zero'd, buy extra magazines and you're money ... if you can find 22 ammo anymore.  




 I still have my twenty year old Eureka - different model though ...same colors.  It's a great tent and I'll never part with it.  Spent many evenings in it with my Lab.  Recently bought all new gear, including new fangled backpacking tents.  Can't believe I used to carry that Eureka in a backpack.  No wonder I couldn't log any miles. 




 Hey dude, stop sharing our local spots with out of towners ! 

 




 I wouldn't call it an alternative to 495.  The path is takes is really odd - going so.far.north on the west side, yet so.far.south on the east side.   I haven't found it particularly useful yet as a Md commutter who very regularly has to schlep to Va.  




 LoL, everything about this warns me not to hire them as a contractor.  




 No no no, not crayfish.  Rock Shrimp are *awesome* shrimp ... sweeter than most, more like a lobster taste.  Everytime I go to the Orlando/Coco region I head up to Titusville for fill up on Rock Shrimp at Dixies Crossroads.  Great stuff.   Honestly only been there like 3 times, and the last time was probably 10 years ago but that's how awesome it is; I still remember it clearly.

But, sorry OP, never  heard of them outside of Fla.  Would definitely like to find some up here though.  




 There needs to be a National Free Sirloin Day.   Who wants to sponsor the bill ?  




 Oh wow, I cant even remember the last time I had those ...the red ones.  Now I'm craving them. 
 




 This may have been why I felt so tired about halfway through the run.  Muscularly my legs felt good, cardio felt good .... my breathing rate actually seemed lower than usual, but I just had no energy at all.  I guess I ran out of carbohydrates.   




 is that like the bovine equivalent of back ribs ?  




 Curious. I had a complete shite run today, and I'm wondering how much of it was not eating versus other variables (such as...oh,not training in weeks lets just say hypothetically) . I *am* a Calorie Camel though.  I store spare calories in a hump around my middle ...  




 yeah, brisket's always gone instantly.  ribs are always left over I'm noticing.  I guess the rest of the family is growing weary of them too.  I need to go get me a brisket again.  I have a lazyq now, I'd like to see how it comes out in that.  




