 When has Ron Paul ever supported corporatism?

We have always been around, the establishment guys are just way more powerful than we are. 




 The Dems. support none of my political beliefs. As a Libertarian there is literally no room in the Democratic party for me.

I support the abolishment of the Federal reserve, welfare state, the IRS, ending the drug war, opening the borders, and introducong a flat tax. The dems don't support decentralization. 




 Thats because most of us young Republicans are actually old school republicans (as in pre-prohibition Republicans).

The new identity of conservatives is remarkably unconservative. The whole point of conservatism is less government involvement. State regulation of marriage, the drig war, an aggressive foreign policy, strict border control; none of these things are truly conservative at all. There is a new wave of liberty loving Republicans though. 




 Because they don't have that kind of power yet. They are a loosely organized band of hyped up hadjis, no way they could stand a chance against the disciplined, organized, well funded, and battle tested Israeli military. They understand that they would get slaughtered. Same reason they don't commit an open attack against the US. There are grossly outgunned. 




 The same reason Duck Dynasty is popular. Just because it is scripted does not mean it is entertaining. Wrestling is not about the competetion aspect like other sports, it is about the flash and pizazz. The gimmicks, the quirkiness, and the trash talking. 




 Uh.. Shoes don't really factor into the sexy equation for me. As long as they aren't ass-ugly I probably won't even notice them. 




 This is not a question with an objective answer. You are in the wrong sub. 




 Its kinda subjective. 

Technically it would encompass everyone whose roots lie in the Reformation. 


Now it mostly identifies groups who are confessional in the Calvinist tradition. A lot of us get labeled "TR" or "truly Reformed" when we are super strict confessionalists.  




 These stories about vets claiming PTSD without an actual event are very prevalent, but I have never ever met anyone who actually claimed those things.


Most vets I know would never claim PTSD if they never saw it.


Also, while a little good natured rib poking at the "fobbits" (myself included) is all well and good, but you seem genuinely venomous about it. Shit happens on FOBs too. If you doubt it you can talk to my good buddy's widow. Shank got hit all the time, and not 1000m away. 




 It has nothing to do with WW2. That is the logo of The Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War. 

[Here](http://www.suvcw.org) is their website. Perhaps if you contact them they can give you more info on what exactly that badge represents. 

It looks like there were a bunch made in the 30s, 40s, and 50s. I would assume that they are affiliation badges of some sort. Was it possible your grandfather was the son/grandson of a Union veteran of the civil war? 




 I never said he was. 


My point was just I don't see any reason to boycott.  




 No we should not fund it. It is not our business. 

Both sides have committed acts of injustice. 




 1. Reading - I read around 5 books a month. I love to learn. I am active in a local book club, and jump at the chance to attend literary themed events in my area. I am a huge library patron. 

2. Gardening - I love trying to be more self sufficient, and enjoy working with my hands. 

3. Fishing -Nothing more relaxing than a day on the river/lake with a cold sixpack and a few sandwiches.

4. Hunting - Again, I love being self sufficient. I love the thrill of taking down game, I love preparing fresh game. 

5. Camping - I like being out in nature, retreating from the modern world. I am not a big technology buff, and like the simplicity of being alone in the woods.

I don't really watch tv or play videogames. I do enjoy interacting with people via the internet, but otherwise I am a pretty unplugged guy. I like nature, working with my hands, and doing things for myself. 




 The tears of your enemies. 




 I like when my wifr cooks my favorite breakfast (steak and eggs for me), and picks up some beer for me. I am not a fussy guy either, I don't like parties, big to-do's or anything, just a nice day relaxing at home with some good homemade food 




 We fence the table through invite. The pastor makes it clear the Supper is for baptized believers who are not living in unrepentant sin.

 




 As for the OPC;

No intinction. 

Yes, they recognize your baptism and would allow you to take communion.  




 Oh come on.. Patriotism, love for America etc are subjective things... Stick to policies. Vote based on policies. 




 I can see how the prohibition of closed shops would be unlibertarian. 




 No. It would violate my convictions. 




 What does team lead do exactly? 




 From what I understand, if a union and employer cannot reach an agreement, the federal govt can come in and force them to adopt closed shop practices. Wouldn't RTW protect against this?


I don't know why an employer would ever *voluntarily* adopt closed shop practices. 




 Please explain further 




 It was more a symbolic thing than an expectation that extraterrestrials would actually find it.

That being said, any intelligent lifeforms probably have already discovered sound/recording and will be able to figure out the gist of it  




 What exactly does a logistics specialist do in the civilian world? What does a typical day look like? 









 Good. Workers should be allowed to associate with whomever they choose and also refuse to associate with whomever they choose. 




 710th is a unit we were both in.


Not really, I haven't had it as bad as other guys. There are some dudes with serious psycological scars though, and some of them have a hard time relating to civilians.


Stolen Valor is a real thing, and it is illegal. I have the same opinon thst most vets do, trying to steal valor is morally reprehensible. If I ever saw it I would call them out on it. 




 Yeah, its doggone freezing here now, snow everywhere. 




 Don't make assumptions about what I did or didn't do. I saw my share of shit. 


Shank got hit all the time for one thing, and my support unit had our share of tragedy.  




 This was in July.  




 I was referring to how we are wired differently once we have done tours, thats why we prefer our own language to the civilian world. It is familiar. 

 




 Its a few months old. We came back in July of 2014. I just found it yesterday. 




 All of it, kind of. We were in a valley near the mountains. 




 2014, right after we left. 82nd deactivated it. 




 This was literally the moment I got out of the car. My wife opened the door and he met me in the yard. Relax bro 




 He might be. He was a shelter puppy so I just went off what they told me. I just googled schiller hound though and he looks exactly like that. 




 3rd 




 No, a lot of the animals over there have rabies etc. They try to discourage that practice now. 




 They did when we first arrived, but we closed everything down. Shank has been deactivated. 




 I don't know why the heck I got downvoted. I was just pointing out that Spartan brigade has cased their colors. 




 Fuck you. 




 Yeah. Dude who did it was in my unit too. He was a moron. Worst way to go, that was a super fucked up situation. 




 We don't remember how to civilian. We have fucked up brains and fucked up souls and the military is all we know. Thats why we get so excited to talk to other vets in military talk, its about connecting with folks who get us. 




 Oh shit. Yeah, Terry Hurne. We were in the same unit, and I was at that range.  




 If you are serious about meeting girls the bar scene is not the place. Literally every dude in there is trying to hit on the girls in there, and they all know that. I am not saying you will never ever meet a girl at a bar, but there are other places to really connect with someone. Volunteering with local organizations, social groups, book clubs (this one especially. Hardly any straight dudes are involved with book clubs. Tons of single girls are involved with book clubs) 



Just my two cents. 




 Where was 1-32? Rushmore?

We were at Shank. 




 92A. Logistician. 




 Aw man that sucks bro.. 




 Yup, Spartans are all gone now. 




 A whole ton of culture, good food, deep roots, hospitality, manners, work ethic, and pride.

I was raised in South Alabama. My mom whooped my butt if I didn't say yes sir and yes ma'am. We were poor but had blue collar pride. The "poor folk" food we ate is still my comfort food (redeye gravy and cathead biscuits, fried baloney, and rice and red gravy.) I will never ever foget my roots or my family. 




 Sweet, I am over in CAB now. I was with 710th. 




 1. The onus is not on me to cite something not happening. The onus is on you to give an example of a monopoly occuring naturally in the free market.

2. Businesses coukd not use coercive force because that would be illegal. This is the one thing I believe government is responsible for, protecting against/prosecuting acts of aggression. If a corporation vandalized, threatened, attacked, stole from etc another business they would be arrested for those acts of aggrssion. TmIt has nothing to do with market regulation It has to do with government defending against acts of aggression. 




 Yup. I deployed with 3rd BCT before they deactivated. 




 Monopolization is extremely rare in the free market without big businesses using force. Since we (Right Libertarians) oppose all acts of aggression that would be nullified. Monopolies are usually created by the government through corporation friendly legislation. There is no evidence for a natural monopoly occuring in the free market. If you are so adamantly against monopolies, why do you support the government's monopoly of force?


The government did "technically" invent the internet. But in keeping with my previous statement, it did so shittily. It created Aparnet, a network which only communicated between 37 computers. Only when the internet was privatized in 1995 did it flourish and become usable for the average person. Even while the government was "inventing the internet" it was done through private sector research. Why didm't the free market create the internet on their own? Because the government heavily regulated the research though the FCC and blocked out private sector attempts.


 




 Regulating it would give the government control over the maryjane market. The government screws everything up.  

I believe in free markets, with zero government presence. 




 I would not. I would legalize it totally and leave the government out of it.  




 I have seen the question asked for officers, but not for us enlisted guys. I am a 92A, logistics specialist. I haved worked as a warehouseman, ordering and recieving parts, managing a motorpool etc. 


What civilian jobs would fit my experience? 




 Hey y'all,

I am originally from Baldwin County, but I have been in the Army for the past few years. I am nearing my transition date and preparing to move to Birmingham to attend UAB. I had some questions about the city.

1. What is the city vibe like? I enjoy artsy stuff, indie bookstores, theatre, live music, etc. 

2. What is the job market like? I will be looking for a blue collar job while I attend school. I have experience in logistics, plan on looking for work with either the railroad, UPS, FEDEX, manufacturing, or anything else I can do to support my family. I am really open to anything with decent pay. 

3. Anything else you wanna tell me about Bham? get me excited to move there? 




 He was not. This is him seeing me after I came back from Afghanistan. 




 For anyone curious he is a two year old bloodhound/labrador mix, with a big sensitive heart! 









 I am from Baldwin County and I have been in the Army for the past few years and I am getting ready to transition out and plan to attend UAB, majoring in English Secondary Education. I would be coming in as a junior.

I am just looking for some student insider perspective. 

1. Do you enjoy UAB? Why or why not?

2. What is Birmingham like? Job market, things to do, etc.

3. Do you know of any student veteran organizations on campus?

4. What is the UAB English/Education program like?

5. Any other things you wanna share? 




 I don't carry a knife for self-defense I carry a gun for self-defense.


A knife is one of the handiest tools you can carry regularly. Opening stubborn packages, makeshift screwdriver, reaching into small places to unclog them, cutting gasket cloth etc. I use mine on a daily basis. 




 He said he had a biology degree, but he was referring to his M. D. Was he puffing up his credentials a lottle? Sure. Does that mean he is a bad choice for president? No. Nobody is perfect, and all of thise guys fib to make themselves look better. There is no denying the fact that he is an actual doctor with an actual M. D.  




 Fortunately I can turn my telescreen off. Winston wasn't so lucky. 




 Basic was not that hard. I wouldn't say it was a cakewalk, but it was way easier than deployment.

Basic has a lot of stress and anxiety, but is pretty idiotproof. I was not terribly rattled, I kept my head down and didn't get singled out. 




 Actually, I do have the same attitude about focusing on Democrats namecalling. As a Libertarian-Republican I agree with Democrats on a good many issues, and don't buy into the two party hostilities. I have no respect or support for establishment politicians at all regardless of their party. I think Giuliani's comments were pointless, but just about everything he says is. I just think it is a waste of time to cover this as actual news, other than a passing reference. 




 Kind of. 

Technically it does, but there are proper avenues through which he relays those commands. There is a huge system in place for the command of our armed forces. 




 If my post commander randomly ordered no contact with the outside world we would all agree he was fuckin nuts. He would probably be reported to the inspector general and would not be in charge.


If there was a war, some valid reason reinforced by his higher ups then we would lock down base i guess. But there are very very specific rules for when and how to put a base on lockdown. Like I said, there is a shit ton of oversight in the military. Nobody has totalitarian power. 




 Yes. There is a shit ton of oversight in the military. It would be pretty much impossible for an immoral order to be ordered on a large scale. There have been instances of immoral orders of course, but usually they happen at low levels (platoons).  




 They both are. Ron was in the pregnancy ward.

Rand is an eye doctor. Still an M. D. He has done a medical missions trip in Guatemala last year. 




 He obeys his original orders. This specific instance is covered in our three general orders. Summed up these say that when we are given a post to guard, we guard it to the best of our ability in exactly the way we were told.

A crypto safe always has a list of specific people who are allowed access to it, so that would be the standard the guard will follow.


To answer youe larger question, an order can be disobeyed if it violates human rights, or basic military values. Basically if an officer tells me to do something morally wrong like rape or shoot a baby, I can and will refuse it. On murkier issues if you refuse an order, you will have to present a case before court marshall and they will judge whether it was moral or not. 




 Rand Paul said that vaccines are wise, as a doctor he fully supports them and that is extremely unwise to refuse them. But he does not think they should be state mandated. 




 I think even if you disagree with his positions, his statesmanship was remarkable. If only all candidates approached campaigns with his humility and respect for opponents. 




 He was asked how old the earth is at one point and I believe he passed on the question. He may have been pandering the political game or he may very well believe that. I don't think his religious beliefs discredit him though.

I preferred his father, he was one of my personal heroes. But Rand still has a high regard for liberty and common sense approach to government. 




 Nope. It was blaring at work, kind of hard to ignore. 

I tend to get my news from Reuters or BBC. 




 I think Justin Amash and Rand Paul are some of the best current GOP'ers. 

The rest of those guys are still harping on the drug war, homophobia, and oppressive immigration laws. 




 No, the fact that they are focusing on absolutely pointless issues as valid news is proof that it is more than bias.  




 Its more than bias. This same story is on CNN and Fox. 


It is vapidness, idiocy. American journalism is absolutely retarded. 




 I use one for work. I jot down phone numbers, part numbers, important bits of info.

I carry another when I am in civvies. I use it for library lists, topics to research later, quick fleeting thoughts, etc. 




 I don't see the big deal. As long as you aren't wearing the whole uniform, patches, claiming to have served etc.

There is a common sense line between wearing military surplus (I am from Alabama, everybody wears military surplus in my trailer park) and disrespect.


If you wear a camo jacket, that is cool with me.  




 I am complaining about both things. 




 I am a Republican and I adamantly oppose such philosophy. You are stereotyping now. 

Ron Paul is a good example of a Republican who did not behave like those establishment quacks. 




 I agree. I usually stay away from the nonsense, but it is on endless repeat at work. 




 I agree that he is trying to change America. That does not mean he is unpatriotic or "hates America".  So why don't we respectfully speak about the issues, not subjective emotions. 




 That was not my point. My point is thst not only were the comments not useful, but also our media focuses on absolutely pointless things (by the way this was MSNBC).


 




 So you agree with his opinion. 

My point is that this has no bearing on any real issues. We are focusing on silly feelings and emotions instead of concrete issues. 




 Yeah.. That dude gives the GOP a bad name. 




 No, I am a Republican. This is not respectable statesmanship though, its just namecalling. Instead of thoughtfully debating the issues we are spending all our time wondering whether The President "loves America?" 




 I have been watching the news blabber about Rudy Giuliani's comments about the President, and it has reinforced how awful the American media is. Come on guys, is this what counts as "meaningful political analysis" now? One guy says someone else "doesn't love America" and we have to discuss it for an hour and a half, with panels of experts commenting on the implications of such comments on the GOP's 2016 race? 

Why does this remind me of an analysis of an argument between toddlers?

"Up next on The News, little Joey said Adam did not love his mommy. Adam says he does in fact love his mommy. Who is right? We are gonna debate it for an hour and a half to find out!" 




 Let me put it this way, you will get what you put in. 

Basic and AIT will give you some very basic foundational concepts of discipline, but if you are not willing to continue down the path of self discipline you will lose it all when you get in the real Army.


The Army will give you a good foundatiom, but you have to have strong self motivation to develop yourself. 




 No. Only you can get your shit together. 

No organization can change your bad habits, you have to do it yourself. The Army can put you in an environment that promotes hard work and discipline, but you are going to have to make some personal choices to develop your own character.


There are lazy dirtbags in the Army too. 




 I am not very well read on the Spanish Revolution and would like to correct that. What is some essential reading on the subject? 




 I am looking to understand what the lives of working class folks were actually like in the heydays of the various communist systems throughout history (the USSR, Cuba, Maoism etc).
Along with responses, articles, books, or other media related to this subject would be greatly appreciated.
 




 I understand that according to most Communists the Marxist ideal has never been realized. But there were periods in which parties based (even loosely) on Communist ideals had control. I am curious what worker's living conditions were like under those parties. 




 Is the association voluntary?  




 I am looking to understand what the lives of working class folks were like in the heydays of the various communist systems throughout history (the USSR, Cuba, Maoism etc).
Along with responses, articles, books, or other media related to this subject would be greatly appreciated.
 









 12 dollars a week.


My job requires certain hair standards though. I am in the Army. Still, it keeps my hair looking fresh and well groom, and it never gets in that awkward patchy phase. And i get a bonus hot towel massage and straight razor shave every friday (something to look forward to.) 




 I get a weekly haircut.  




 A society in which I am free to make any choices I want as long as they do not encroach upon another individual's life, liberty, or property.


Freedom means freedom from regulation and government involvement in my life (as long as I do not commit/threaten an act of aggression). The primary person responsible for my wellbeing, safety, and defense is myself. 




 Thank you! 




 I don't believe the 1000 year number is a literal number. 

Again, this is the same view the Church has embraced for thousands of years. Dispensational premil theology is a modern oddity. 




 Can anyone recommend good homesteading podcasts? 




 Well, strictly speaking yes. The internet is a valuable resource for selfdevelopment and autododactic learning.

Also, as a soldier I am required to have a valid phone number that I can be reached at at all times. So a phone is a need. 




 I don't own a computer. I have a Samsung galaxy, and that is all. For any real computer needs I use the library.


As a minimalist I try not to own things I do not need. 




 Read up on [amillenialism](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amillennialism)


It is the traditional view of the Church, especially amongst those of us of the Reformed persuasion.

The idea that the millenial reign is a literal 1000 year reign on earth is a relatively new idea. 




 No. I believe we are in the millennial reign now. Christ is on the throne of his kingdom.

I am an amil. 




 Awesome, thanks for the info! 




 What exactly about the self sufficient aspects of Agorism don't appeal to you, if I may ask? 




 So Agorism? 




 Robert Pirsig's alter ego. Pirsig suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. 




 It is more difficult to wean the public from the teat of the state. 




 I don't hear this very often. Most decent guys don't care about your past.



I hold both genders to the same standard. I don't approve of sex outside a committed relationship for either men or women.  




 I browsed their website, and it looks really interesting. Are any of y'all familiar with the organization? Any personal stories about them? I love motorcycles, and a vets club might just be the right kind of community for me. 




 Basically I am curious to know what form of transition you support from our current statism to a voluntary society?


I tend to support a more gradual transition. I have never been a revolutionary. I think the gradual deregulation of the markets, and drawdown of government. It seems to me that a revolutionary transition would wage havok on the markets for a while, and we would need a longee buffer time for recovery.



How can we transition from our current state to one of liberty?
 




 I am a soldier myself. I understand the struggle. 




 It seems like a *huge* paradox to me that progressives tend to support an individualist social perspective (subjective morality, freedom from religious oppression, marriage equality, equality of all choices etc) but insist on a collectivist/classist economic outlook (activism against class warfare, white privilege, affirmitive action, etc).


What are y'alls opinions about this paradox? Have you ever heard any of them try to address it?


I feel I am not responsible for the actions of other members of my gender, my race, my tax bracket, or my region... 




 Its not just feminists.. It is common sense that a man controlling a woman as portrayed in that book is total abuse. 




 *To Kill a Mockingbird* or *Forrest Gump* 




 I don't. 


Picking up hookups at the club is childish. 




 We have a different approach to worship. We believe worship is obedience driven, not emotion driven, and that probably has a big effect on our external reactions.


We tend to prefer a more reserved and less flamboyant type of worship than our nondenominational brethren. 




 By having sex with him without his consent.


Physical reactions to external stimuli (e.g. an erection) do not always mean consent. Women can orgasm during rape, and men can get erections without wanting to. 




 Chill out. 

Basic is easy, don't volunteer for shit, keep your head down. When you get to your first unit nobody is gonna give a shit how good you did in basic, remember that. 


You will have plenty of time to be hooah sf airborne ranger dude, but learn your mos and the basics of soldiering first. 


The Army is nothing like the movies, it is boring bullshit 99% of the time, and that is ok.  




 A remarkable number of Asimov's predictions came true. Have you read his short story about the [2014 World Fair](http://www.nytimes.com/books/97/03/23/lifetimes/asi-v-fair.html) (written in 1964)?

Driverless cars, coffee makers, robots, videophone technology etc...


I think Asimov's principles of robotics and the way he applies them in his stories is remarkable. 




 Either Isaac Asimov or Arthur C. Clarke. 

Asimov was a genius, well rounded, and incredibly perceptive. I would place him slightly above Clarke as the King. 




 Voluntaryism. 




 1. Yes.


2. I am hoping for steak and eggs for breakfast (I found the ribeyes in the fridge earlier, she tried to hide them from me.) That is my usual big valentine's day request. 




 I bought her flowers, an Old Navy gift card, and a new charm for her Pandora bracelet. We are going to dinner and a movie, and then cuddling on the couch. 




 Here is mine

 These are the same kids watching rape scenes in Game of Thrones and killing hookers on Grand Theft Auto.
Abrasive ideas must be encountered. Issues like violence, sex, rape etc must be encountered at some point for an accurate grasp of our world. Literature is the perfect medium through which to encounter such ideas. 




 No, I don't rank women on the basis of their physical attributes.  




 Marx has no clue what laissez faire capitalism resukts in because there has never been a laissez faire capitalist system. There has never yet been a society founded totally on voluntary association and totally free markets. 




 I have read *Das Kapital* and of course his and Engels's *Communist Manifesto*.


I have also read David Ricardo quite a bit.


Still a laissez faire capitalist libertarian. 


 




 I am glad you disagree with religious freedom so vehemently. That kind of attitude has been very effective in the past. Lets just ban everyone who disagrees with us.. 




