 Same here. I'm on a TV show and we've done 7 straight months of 70-80 hour weeks. I'm ready to get out, but the skills I've learned don't exactly translate to other industries, so I'll kinda be starting from scratch. It sucks, because I love the actual job, but the hours are inhumane.  




 Well, the way we were gonna frame it is that, while we don't need a guy in the condor in those days, the rigging is more complex to get the movers onto the bottom of the condor basket and we could use the extra hands. It is a concern, though.  




 I'm the board op for a tv show that uses a lot of Lekos fitted with 800w HMI globes. A lot of times we send out guys up in 135' man lifts with 4 or 5 of them for our night scenes. The weathers particularly brutal today and I hate that we have to send guys up in the air in the freezing rain just to operate them for 8 hours at a time. 

Surely there's a moving light with equivalent output that we could send up instead that I could operate from my board.  I come from the film world and don't know a lot about moving fixtures so any suggestions would be welcome. I'd need to be able to shutter in the beam, change the focus and intensity, and ideally I could zoom and iris in and out.  It's also needs to be close to the intensity of an 800w HMI.

Anybody have any ideas?  Or at least an idea of where to look? You'd be making the lives of some poor shivering kids much more comfortable! 




 I love it. Tested it against the Triumph Tiger 800, which has much more torque. I liked the ergonomics of the gs better, plus it comes with a lot of nice little features. I haven't taken it too far off road cause I wanted it to be nice and shiny for at least a few weeks, but it's been great on the few rough dirt roads I've taken it on. Feeling good about its capabilities, and I can't wait to test it out on some rough stuff

Went on my first bigger trip with it recently out to New Mexico and West Texas, rode about 300 miles a day for 5 days, including riding through that huge thunderstorm last weekend for 7 hours. It rides great, really comfortable. The ABS saved my butt a couple of times, and the heated handlebars are awesome. Handled everything I threw at it

http://i.imgur.com/rbM4Ro3.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/mA80SCE.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/DXct2Ir.jpg 




