 SUVs would be like mothers; always correcting people, but there when you need them. 




 Going to work as usual, but it'll be on my mind.   




 I've appreciated them many times. 




 God didn't need anything to create Him.  He has always been and will always be, whether we like that thought or not.  The concept of always being is hard for me to understand, but so is particle physics. 




 My friend attended the culinary arts program at the community college.  She remained almost debt-free through Pell grants and such.  The chef teaching the class hired her at a fine-dining restaurant he managed.  She learned so much about banquet cooking and how a kitchen actually operates.  She completed that program and is now in the baking program, since that's what she likes to do.  She did very well in school and is currently spending a month in France working with those chefs and bakers in different restaurants.  She's very good and has a great future ahead of her.  Opportunities seem to present themselves, even at the community college level. 




 It's a long list. 




 I was in my driveway about to head to work when I heard a news bulletin on the radio.  I ran back inside, turned on the tv to see it happening right before my eyes.  I just kept repeating "WTF", over and over for a while as the realization of what was actually happening sank in. 




 I'd get rid of all those nasty executive orders that I really don't like.  I'd pardon whistleblowers who did what they did for the good of the country, and I'd seek charges against all those responsible for the banking scandals.  After that, I'd seek charges against some people for war crimes committed outside the US. 




 I see them as actors playing a part.  They have to look and act decent when they're in front of a camera and say all the right things people want to hear.  They don't have to believe it, just say it.  It's a high paying job for those who can do as they're directed to do. 




 They can track you through GPS, have your home and cell phone numbers, records of all calls in and out, financial account info, pics of you, your family and friends, know if you have registered guns and what political persuasion you ascribe to and what car you drive.  Yes, I'd say they could blackmail anyone they wanted.  




 /r/videos 




 "There's been a terrible car accident." 




 Baseball. 




 Probably like it was too good to be true and they were coming for me at any time.  I'd be skeptical and wary at first, I'm sure. 




 Car problems.  I'm not a mechanic and don't know much about them, so when the smallest thing goes wrong I automatically imagine it will cost me thousands of dollars.   




 You should add tobacco and cotton farming in there too.  I worked a tobacco field once and never again.  Hardest thing I've ever done.  I do not recommend. 




 Weekends are very busy and usually aren't staffed by the regular personnel.  Some wait until Monday for perceived better care.   




 That isn't what this subreddit is for.  Did you even read the sidebar? 




 The effects on their economies was probably true.  Slaves helped build the economic foundations of the new nation. The invention of the cotton gin in 1793 solidified the central importance of slavery to the South's economy.  That was an important factor to the rich, white landowners during the abolitionist movement. It provoked a great debate over slavery that tore the nation apart in the bloody American Civil War.  




 I grew up in Virginia and we had two years of Virginia history.  I think we got a realistic view on slavery and how it was practiced throughout the American colonies in the 17th and 18th centuries. 




 It isn't offensive or honorable to me.  It's like others such as Patriots, Steelers, Chiefs, Raiders, 49ers or the Browns. 




 Too many people get offended and want to sue for the silliest things. 




 You should ask this in /r/Cancer. 




 My life and privacy are my business, not the governments' or a corporations' and I would never willingly give anyone the right to intrude in it. 




 [**Controversial Topics for Persuasive Papers or Speeches**](http://www.usd273.org/hslibrary/Topic%20Lists/Controversial%20Topics.htm)

Take your pick. 




 Is there a way to watch this if I don't have cable tv?
 




 Are you addicted to it or just a casual user?  If you're a casual user and would stop for a job, don't put anything and stop now.  They're interested in whether or not you have a problem and if you can pass a drug test. 




 You could always try /r/RideShare.  Might get lucky. 




 Welder. 




 I'd see a medical doctor to find out if there is some physical reason for this.  I think I'd want to see a brain scan done if I was having these issues, just to make sure there's nothing physically wrong. 




 Your history shows you posted just 3 months ago. 




 /r/MysteriousUniverse

Here's a [solved mystery.](http://i.imgur.com/BHl85iy.png) 




 Yes. 




 Air conditioners. 




 I have a male coworker named Shannon. 




 I'd feel far less stable being dependent on someone than I feel being responsible for myself.  Why do you need anyone else to feel stable?  Are you afflicted in some way, or are you able to take care of yourself and
 just lack the confidence? 




 I'll pass on the bugs. 




 They become fish food. 




 No, it doesn't matter.  Any woman could easily have sex multiple times every day. 




 It was more fun and less serious than today. 




 Nothing, actually. 




 60 is a senior citizen now?  It just keeps getting younger. 




 Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came.  You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same.  You wanna be where everybody knows your name. 




 My inevitable dependence on others. 




 Integrity. 




 No reason to take the kids out tonight, wait until tomorrow.  Keep it clean and cover it until then. 




 I'd go to the E.R. and get a tetanus shot and have them clean it out and cover it. 




 Caffeine.  I need my coffee fix every day. 




 It's so sad that our nation has come to this.  I would never have  imagined that US citizens would be so afraid of their own elected government.  But, here we are. 




 Why do you believe they'd all be so passive? 




 Russia and China have already committed warships to the region and committed to fighting any attacks on Syria. Iran is mobilizing its troops. Britain and France have committed warships to the region to support ours. Israelis have been given gas masks in fear of an Iranian retaliation.   Unlikely, you say, but I say most probable. 




 Of course it will.  Nations have already made preparations for it and forces have been moved into place. 




 Being a douche to the person trying to keep you from dying prematurely sounds like a great plan. 




 It's hormonal. 




 Unfortunately, you can be fired or laid off at any time.  They do not have to hold your job. The position needed to be filled and they filled it.  You were expendable from the moment you left work. 




 That depends on which side of the fence you sit on and which side you find most credible.  Both sides defend their points of view vehemently and show "evidence" to support themselves.  Videos tell a lot, as well as the news reports of that morning in the US and in other countries reporting on it. 




 I didn't ridicule anyone, so your comment is unwarranted.  Judging from the appearance of presidents before and after holding office, it's definitely a hard 4 year stint. 




 Askreddit is the third largest subreddit in terms on number of subscribers.  I'm sure the admins/mods feel they're needed here. 




 I've come to regret voting for every president I've ever voted for. 




 If you want good care and information you're willing to wait for it.  Most people like that kind of thing and spend time with their physician to get as much information as possible.  Sometimes it takes more than 15 minutes.  




 I don't think there's any such thing as a quiet mind.  Our brains are phenomenal, always on and not built for intentional complete shut-down mode. 




 Politics.   




 Well then, since you have such a good plan, I suggest you visit the local prison and ask some guy who's been convicted of drug trafficking to tell you the name of his supplier.  Surely he'll share that info with you. 




 If you don't know where to get them you probably shouldn't have them. 




 They are the offspring of fallen angels and human women.

Gen 6:4
	
There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of renown. 




 I wouldn't give them up for anything. 




 Apparently, we aren't a very creative bunch. 




 Coming and going and driving your car anytime, anywhere you want. 




 Football. 




 I'm not jealous, but I did fall for it.

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1lmqdh/im_18_i_got_drunk_one_night_and_passed_out_at_my/ 




 This post:

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1lmpmq/i_had_sex_with_my_nephews_fiance_she_is_18_and_i/ 




 I wouldn't run to anyone because I take care of myself. 




 Both parties would demand a candidate from their own party, consequently, they'd never agree on anything and nothing would ever get done.  It would be worse than it is now, even more corrupt and far more costly. 




 You end it with her so she can be with someone her own age.  Deal with your midlife crisis in a more realistic way.  Give all your money and belongings to your nephew so he can burn them while you watch.  You burned him now it's his turn. 




 Oreos. 




 Billy Jean by Michael Jackson. 




 It would have been either Tucker or Dale due to their inept, bungling attempt at helping me. 




 The possibility of a heart attack or debilitating stroke that makes the quality of life terrible, or worse, end up left to die in a nursing home. 




 It's a very wrong application of the knowledge involved.  I think it should be illegal. 




 What more do you want?  They've already confirmed suspicions; it's a base for testing top-secret aircraft and weaponry.  You want UFO's, but  what if it was nothing more than some type of spycraft from a different country trying to gather intel?  There won't be any alien presence disclosed because they do not exist. 




 They're tolerated because there is no other choice in the matter. 




 I'd call that state brain damaged. 




 Well, I believe a killer meteor actually does factor into the scenario. 




 Grandmothers.  We aren't all old, wrinkly and washed up anymore, as Diana Nyad just proved. 




 I love asparagus baked crispy in the oven, wrapped in bacon and topped with cheese.  Everyone else is just, "eww, asparagus."
 




 I'm only familiar with its' religious application. 

"Today, it is commonly used in reference to any prophetic revelation or so-called End Time scenario, or to the end of the world in general.  

The Biblical prophets' revelations show God's justice as taking place in the future or as imminent now. The genre of revelation aims to show God's way of dealing with humankind and His ultimate purposes, and its writers often reveal the meaning of present events in connection with the ending of the present age." 




 There shouldn't be any more taxes period.  We're overtaxed already.  If they want to make improvements they should start offering vocational classes and teach people how to do those specialized jobs. 




 If he actually follows through on the threat of engagement while everyone's telling him not to, probably so.  If he takes the negative responses he's getting and acts like a president, then no, probably not. 




 Pros:  We start over with a much better leader.

Cons:  We won't all be there to enjoy it. 




 Raising children. 




 Sure, ask her if she wants to break up.   




 Of course not since actors don't control what I eat.  There are overweight patrons in every food establishment. 




 Almost anyone, certainly someone younger than me. 




 tldr 




 An old book that used to belong to my friend before he left for combat. 




 Amazon, mostly. 




 /r/findareddit 




 Here's a list of scary reddits: http://www.reddit.com/tb/1j1xjt

Also, /r/libraryofshadows and /r/Thetruthishere  




 Kelly Blue Book 




 Get back to your migrating Indians and quit messing around. 




 You may be a boy, you may be a tiger, but you certainly are not cool.  Keep working on it kid. 




 Is there life beyond Earth? 




 Are four letter words the limit for you?  You can't manage six letter words? 




 Yeah, says the guy who can't spell weirdos. 




 Houses. 




 I'll leave the party I've been affiliated with for decades and vote third party for the rest of my voting days. 




 Sweden. 




