 Funny, you put googly eyes on a potato 




 I would have laughed so hard I probably would have fallen in as well 




 Wasn't expecting ghost legs 




 The power to wish for more powers 




 Suddenly, so do I. Weird 




 I believe I can drive  
I believe I can survive  
I think about it every now and then  
Spread my webbed feet and hang ten 




 I'm still waiting for Monsanto to finally sell tomacco
 




 I bet it's because all the porn sites added the share buttons 




 Yeah that was a good one. 




 We name them like  link_tableA_tableB  
Remember, the important part is consistency in whatever naming convention you decide on. 




 Sucks for the Jags but if you want to have a worst GM contest I have 3 words for you, oh and sixteen. 









  Agent said if you end up buying counterfeit tickets **you will be out of the money** and you could be embarrassed at the park when they refuse you entry. 




 Was watching the news (WXYZ) this morning and they teased a warning about opening day from Homeland Security. I Expected the piece to be wary of suspicious behavior, but instead was warning people about buying counterfeit tickets. Agent said if you end up buying counterfeit tickets you will be out of the money and you could be embarrassed at the park when they refuse you entry.  First, oh no  embarrassment. Second, Homeland Security is handling scalpers now?  
  
Did any other cities get this warning?  




 That is awesome, you can see the salmonella in the center of the stuffing.  




 I am the wind! Boop! 




 That's what happens when you don't duct tape properly. 




 It wasn't about that, it was about the reaction. 




 If you see an Asian throwing up a peace sign, it should be a box containing an old set of [rectal dilators](http://imgur.com/FQRhQsl) that claim to cure everything from asthma to nervousness.  




 You are seeing the wrong picture
 




 Damn, unexpected is how profound that statement is. 




 You must have missed it where the angle let you see the cat turning the crank that I guess moves it up and down. Color me impressed, teaching a cat to do that. 




 That's it? Why not something like [this colossus dong](http://www.amazon.com/The-Colossus-Huge-Dildo-Pounder/dp/B00564A3JS)?  
    




 [Wuaaah!!!](http://media.giphy.com/media/piupi6AXoUgTe/giphy.gif) 




 PULL! 




 Your up vote could be all you need to discover your fortune.  




 I was thinking all that swinging and jerking your head around can't be good for your neck. ^Man, ^I'm ^getting ^old 




 And you owe that motherfucker money!  
 




 Hope it doesn't suffer from premature ejection 




 Oh but what a minute it is.  I don't think we could handle if it lasted longer. 




 It would not be pretty

 









 Thank you kind sir, for this kindness I'll not stampede through your house and will not kick you in your head. 




 More like "Honey, you've been taking too much laudanum, bend over so I can administer the doctor's prescription." 




 Yes, that is the term that recreational users call them, but the medical term is rectal dilators. 




 Just the permanent relief for his rheumatism 




 Up vote for admitting mistake instead of deleting comment. 














 On the knees? Kind of ruins a lot of fun 




 Clouded? Is that what the kids are calling it now-a-days? 




 Has his DNA been checked? 




 Could you imagine if it broke like that towards the batter. 




 Yes this guy again. He is fucking awesome and everyone should know about him.  




 I calculate that if you took away all of the Lions penalties they would have won more games.   




 Since this was Reddit I was totally expecting the last one to be a huge spliff or maybe a dovetail. 




 They are going to be pissed that maintenance wasn't done properly 




 Is he throwing a wiffle ball? 














 [Sold here](http://www.gorgeohwell.com/product/silencing-slider-permaburger)  
 









 Here to confirm my reservation for November and December 




 Misspelled only 









 Or start licking his balls. He's a dog, so you never know. 




 While they were alive? None.  
Since their souls were trapped in that painting... 




 How would they do that?
 




 Currently on 115 









 I was thinking a broken telephone pole with one of those street side memorials in front of it. 









 True, but I stand by the statement that the one with the best lasers win. 














 [Relevant Wikipedia Entry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catacombe_dei_Cappuccini)
 














 He may lack experience but the producers and writers do not. 














 Happy cake day 




 Maybe they have a Typical boy tattoo form that lists tribal arm bands and skulls 




 As they say, never meet your heroes. Love peacocks from afar and never get one. 




 Yeah, but would you let her give you head? 




 Probably based on Cabin in the Woods with the ballerina outfit. 




 TYL: That prolapse is not a fancy word for boobs 




 You only have yourself to blame.  
I could not have been any clearer.   
Hell, I put warning in the title. 




 Nice try, but this ain't my first day on Reddit

 









 They'd be real warm 




 Cause I'm Butterbean Bitch! 




 I remember ET as being bigger 




 Not all of Zeus's dalliances ended with a Hercules or a Perseus 




 I want to feel like that.   




 I did warn you 









 Looks like Mary Ann?  
Did the Doctor visit Giligan's Island? 





























 Was expecting an Aladdin fly off 




 Wide to better pin prey down on the sea flior 














 Are you one to deny the circle of life?

 









 Oh man, that sucked. The first pic made me sad but then the 18th came around and that really hurt. 




 The perfect setup man for Nathan. 




 They moved the remains because they didn't want anyone to find out they weren't really Elvis, as he is still alive. 




 Fuck wasps! 




 Dombrowski would draft him 




 I would not be surprised if went in to work and find one.  The sad part is I'd probably be excited. 




 niblet? 




 No, this is the [Zappycow](http://i.imgur.com/og26PYx.jpg)^(nsfw) 




 Was that a baby hippo? 




   spermatic plexus  

That's fun to say
  spermatic plexus   




 And they want it to cure cancer, but don't you dare add even a step to their process.   
You want to tell them *It's electrons, not magic!* 




 FYI- Eating a 4 course meal while watching porn is nothing like master hating while watching the food network. 




 A coworker took on a project with a similar front panel. All oversized buttons and bright bold colors.  He did a great job making sense of and refactoring the spaghetti code and created a nice a UI as you could put on that pig.  And then he went to deploy it and let the end user test it...   
*that font is too small*  
*I need this section highlighted so I can find it easier*  
*make this section a different color*  
*the letters are still too small*  

When I went out to review the project it was horrible. I felt sorry for him cause there was nothing he could have done.  Sometime down the road another developer is going to open up that VI, cringe, and call people over to marvel at its hideousness. 




 From what I've read on [The Daily WTF](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant ion=1 espv=2 ie=UTF-8#q=site:thedailywtf.com+MUMPS) you don't want to be associated with MUMPS in any way, shape, or form. 
 




 I think the almost smile is more shocking than the infanticide. 




 They look like big, good, strong hands. Don't they? I always thought that's what they were. My little friends. The little man with his racing snail, the Nighthob, even the stupid bat. I couldn't hold on to them. The nothing pulled them right out of my hands. I failed. 




 Based on my Hollywood education that dog is a shape-shifting alien, a synthetic life-form, or has been possessed. 




 I figure they were zoomed in 









 Wow, it took longer to hit the camera than I was anticipating  




 Put this down on paper and it can be a  CBSs sitcom starring David Spade. 




 Read the title as *cookies* and thought those Columbians don't know what they are getting into, the Girl Scouts don't play around. 




 They were told to paint the night. 




 Anyone else humming this the whole time  
Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada Dun dun dada doo de doo doo de doo doo de doo doo do 




 Run! Be free! 




 367, cause of leap year 









 They missed an opportunity with  
*Bill Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah Nah, Nah Nah Nah, Hey Jude The Science Dude* 




 Talk about causing an unrealistic body image 




 Way too far! Can we order a drone strike? 




 Mine just wants to graze 




 It's 2015 and you don't understand the basics of internet security 














