




 Most of the list is looking back at things the sport has done before which is always bad news. 

Personally I think the formula is great, the speed always comes back as the teams develop the cars, I'd just like to see closer racing. 




 I'm from Northampton, although I live in London, and have been to about 15 BGP. Totally worth going, even if its your first and only time. General admission tickets have very decent views depending on how early you make it to a spot (go *very* early, take a friend, plan your spot in advance). 

Don't take the train - rent a car - place is a buggering nightmare to get to by rail.  









 Now there are [photographs](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CGxHDWwXEAA3Tos.jpg:large) 



















 From a recent [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/csylt/2015/05/31/f1-revenue-accelerates-past-fifas-to-16-2-billion/) article:

Research by the Express newspaper last year revealed that Mr Ecclestone has signed deals worth an estimated $23.4 billion in the 30 years since he took over the helm of F1. It is understood to be more than any other individual in the history of professional sport has raised.

Pretty impressive record

Mr Ecclestone is directly in charge of bringing in new business across all of F1s major revenue streams. The sport has no chief marketing officer, no press officer and not even a deputy chief executive or successor for its 84 year-old boss. He says he has no intention of retiring and whilst he is delivering these kind of results it is little surprise that CVC too doesn't want him to give up the wheel.

You won't replace Bernie with one person. There simply isn't anyone who could do what Bernie does at the level he does it, and across the different disciplines involved. The board would restructure FOM into a more modern business with separate people in charge of the major revenue streams. 




 You can pay Now TV (which are a Sky brand) 6.99 for a one day pass or 9.99 for a week pass and have the high quality stream in the UK. It's pretty good and honestly its both cheaper and better than having the full Sky package.

The problem is the way rights are negotiated both historically and currently with national level broadcasters by region on ten year contracts - this type of licensing runs across many sports and is in general 'the way things are done' in the industry.

If you wanted a centralized streaming solution then FOM would have to come to an agreement with *every* regional broadcaster over a licensing fee on the pictures (because they've already licenced them from FOM), and another separate agreement over the commentary (the IP for which is their property of the broadcaster), and a third over how and when the revenue is distributed. 

You could negotiate for FOM to hold the streaming rights exclusively, but FOM then wouldn't fetch a good price on the rights, and it would lower the quality of the TV shows because, as a business, the broadcaster will have to start to question the value of shipping a team of 30+ people around the world to every race in order to produce a show that it realises little or no cash flow from.

Achieving a global streaming deal would be a hugely complex effort and take years of negotiations - not only that but a centralised solution isn't necessarily in the financial interests of FOM or the regional broadcasters both of whom are buying the rights to a product they can repackage and sell at a profit. It may, however, save everyone the costs of producing and marketing their own apps and streaming and that might be attractive in the long run.

The new F1 app broadcasts commentary in multiple languages so I do believe this is the direction they are moving in, but you'll probably have to wait until the each regional contract is renewed for it to happen globally.

$1 a race is completely unrealistic pricing wise though, it wouldn't even cover the production costs of filming the races let alone provide enough revenue for everyone to make money - remember the TV rights make up about $6 - 700 million of the team's prize money - hurting the value of the TV rights directly hurts the teams. 




 No, but the engines can be reused unless they had to be changed because of a failure. You could take a change and then re-use an engine for a low power circuit. 




 There was a proposal to allow an extra engine for friday practice only, but it didn't go through. 




 10 place grid penalty per new engine. 




 In 2014 $398 million on $1.6 billion in revenue. 














 It won't - the FIA bidding document is seeking a sole supplier only. 




 I'm very disappointed in Max's reaction to the crash - he keeps doubling down on the braking claim. He declared on his instagram feed after the race that he believes he was brake tested and that it cost him points he 'deserved'. 

That claim provoked a response from Lotus proving he was wrong and then a response from Grosjean, rightly asking what he would gain from doing it - the answer to which is nothing at all! Especially at Monaco where tiny mistakes plant you in the wall.

Two days after the instagram post he said in an article on his own website.

"After an unlucky pit stop, I was charging through the field, before I got brake tested and had a hard crash into turn 1."

The only reason that this is still an issue is that Max keeps repeating the lunatic claim that he was brake tested - and the fact that no one has talked him down suggests that he's surrounded by 'yes people' and that doesn't bode well for his future.

Hopefully criticism from F1's most experienced driver will hurt in a good way and bring him down to earth. 




 From a sports perspective you have to brush this sort of thing off and focus on the next race. That's really the biggest improvement Hamilton has been able to make in his racing. 














 To translate some of the figures the article puts Jordan Ford's 2003 budget at around $79 million, in 2015 dollars thats $101 million, which is about the annual budget estimation for the mid-pack teams today. Minardi was pegged at $46 million ($60 million in 2015 money) and again that's about the budget of a 2015 back of the grid team.

Ferrari were spending $418 million in 2003 (equivalent of $617 million in 2015 or double Mercedes current budget), and they're actually spending around $250 million now.

Overall that suggests that costs have slowed or remained the same, accounting for inflation, rather than climbing as steeply as everyone seems to imagine. In other words the cost reduction efforts have been very successful. 









 In 2004 [The Economist](http://www.economist.com/node/2785546) put Jordan Ford's 2003 budget at around $79 million, in 2015 dollars thats $101 million, which is about the annual budget estimation for the mid-pack teams today. Minardi was pegged at $46 million or $60 million in 2015 money, and again that's about the budget of a 2015 back of the grid team.

Ferrari by comparison were spending $418 million in 2003, the equivalent of $617 million in 2015, and they're actually spending around $250 million now.

Overall that suggests that costs have slowed or remained the same rather than climbed as steeply as everyone seems to imagine. In other words the cost reduction efforts have been very successful.

FYI Read that article - it could have been written today. 




 Adelaide 1986 - last race of the season and an absolute [classic](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x8vjjg_f1-adelaide-1986-rosberg-and-mansel_auto). 

Keke Rosberg almost won what was his last ever F1 race but retired with a delaminating left rear, Mansell just had to keep 3rd to win the WDC having been elevated from 4th by Rosberg's retirement but lost his left rear 2 laps later in spectacular fashion, leaving the WDC to Piquet (the defending champion), or Prost. A precautionary tyre change from Williams left Piquet too far behind and he lost to Prost by 4 seconds having closed 11 seconds of a 15 second gap in the closing stages.

Amazing race, gutted for Mansell. 




 Villeneuve the driver was terrific, Villeneuve bloviating, bitter, and endlessly negative commentator not so much.

He's one of 'those drivers' now. It's a pity because his post F1 career has been pretty good and he's one of the very few with a shot at the motorsport triple crown. 




 I remember Raikkonen's rear wing flying off in a chicane - Kimi has the worst luck! 




 Given that 2010 caused Ferrari to fire Aldo Costa who went on to be the Engineering Director responsible for the W05 and W06 it was definitely worse! 




 Mansell's tyre exploding and costing him his second WDC. 

Equally bad was Mansell's car stalling on the last lap of Canada 91'

Absolutely gutting. 




 If there had been double points in the last round of every season Raikkonen would have beaten Schumacher in 03', Hamilton would have lost to Massa in 08', and Alonso would have beaten Vettel in 12'.

Those, incidentally, are the only WDC's that double points would have altered between 2000 and 2013. 









 Its got little to do with the regs and everything to do with the driver position in the car - the height of the driver and their seating position affects the weight distribution significantly. /u/Blanchimont has a good summary of what can be [done](http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/38dypt/merhi_bemoans_weight_difference_to_f1_teammate/crusb6l).

There are some things that the regs can balance driver weight wise, but its very hard to regulate for driver height not least because you have to alter the car to get the seating position right. Its questionable these days if Webber or Coulthard would make it as far as they did given they're both about the same height as Hulkenberg. 




 He, from his perspective, didn't have any worthwhile choice. In the end it was drive for Toyota or leave. 




 Its a negotiation ploy. No matter how badly your career is going you don't leave F1 unless you have no other choice. 




 Force India have said that they'd like to keep their current line-up. 




 The WDC would remain points decided, just with bonus points awarded, and that would bring it into line with other major competitions like the Six Nations. F1's present system is countback - which also rewards race winners above non-winners but is only used when there is a points tie.

A large chunk of the money teams get is based on their WDC points, the more points you get the more money you get - this would provide a mechanism to achieve that without renegotiating the concorde agreement which will remain in place until 2020.

In any case my point was that one group of people say that x is a problem, those in charge attempt to find a solution that fits within the frameworks in place that solves the problems put forward - at which point the teams fail to agree, put a broken version forward and everyone goes mad. 



















 It didn't so much as get neutered as Red Bull broke it up. 




 My point really is that people spend so much time and energy on Bernie and being cynical and/or foolish about his motives that they fail to notice the actual politics of the sport and who really makes the decisions. The failure of the teams to agree on anything is the only real problem the sport has ever had - that was as true in the 1950s as it is today - and the teams should receive a much more critical press than they actually get.

Double points last year was a case in point. Bernie's proposal was for a bonus points system for race wins delivered through medals and double points through the last three races of the season.

The issues that proposal was trying to solve were three fold:-

- That the WDC winner should also have won the most races;

- That the mid-grid teams are struggling financially and more points means more money delivered from FOM; and

- That all but the top three ceasing development late in the season made the racing dull and more points available would incentivise continued development while spicing up the drivers championship.

These are all things widely supported by both fans and the teams, and all big issues.

The Strategy group and the F1 commission (i.e. the teams) could only agree on double points for the last race so thats the broken plan that went ahead - everyone went crazy at Bernie for a decision that wasn't his - and problems were only created not solved.  




 Whomever holds the presidency of the FIA and the Chairmanship of FOM will always be labelled 'the biggest problem the sport has' because it's very easy to blame them for any problem you choose to. 




 People act like Bernie and the FIA are the same thing, and this isn't the case at all. Secondly unanimous agreement is required. 




 They never have been able to agree throughout the history of the sport - thats why Bernie was so successful. This is just another episode in the motorsport equivalent of Eastenders.

 









 That is true, and I do take your point. As ever though the teams find a way around whatever [regs are in place](http://adamcooperf1.com/2015/05/24/fia-clarifies-process-for-power-unit-reliability-upgrades/). 














 You can, but this has been heavily abused by the teams, and as a result the FIA has come down hard on this in 2015. 









 Did Ferrari take a new engine for Monaco? I didn't catch that, they're on three this year so far? 









 I think that while RBR were winning everything in sight and were, to an extent, the big financial force in F1 they successfully sought to split FOTA and negotiate directly with FOM - as a result of their political machinations other teams followed suit and the 2013 Concorde agreement was formed. 

A key part of their effort was the fallout from the various trials that Ecclestone went through over the sale of stakes in the commercial rights - I think there were three attempted takeovers a board level - mostly centring on the 15% stake owned by the Lehman estate rather than CVC's controlling interest. My bet is that Mateschitz wanted to acquire that along with another 20% stake which would give him the chairmanship of FOM's board and the controlling interest. Bernie successfully fought off those efforts and CVC retain control at the moment - but I don't think this is where CVC wanted to end up and I don't think they quite know what to do - there is considerable pressure from the teams for them to sell.

At the same time RBR lost a key political battle over the 2014 rules and we're seeing the fallout from that on the track. It appears to me that Mercedes were able to form an alliance with Renault fighting a successful rearguard action to set the direction of the Formula in the interests of the manufacturers. I'd be curious to learn if Honda were involved in the background of all of this. 



















 Its rather like RonSpeak. If you listen and think very carefully about what's being said you'll understand the context and tone of his remarks - problem is most people don't listen or think, they just dismiss. 




 I think its all very well to criticise Bernie - he takes a lot of flak for decisions made by the teams and direction from CVC - but people fail to consider the alternatives.

In many respects Bernie is F1 - he's the chief deal maker - he has enough clout to bring important people to the table and keep them there and he's a very tough negotiator for the sport. 

Were Bernie to go there isn't anyone in the background that is both a sharp political operator and has the clout to drag people along. 




 It seems that neither Torro Rosso or Lotus are interested in selling to Renault (they would be the ideal targets in terms of infrastructure with Sauber as the third option) but Manor would make a lot more sense than entering a new team entirely. 

Lotus and Sauber come with a chunk of debt because Genii and Kaltenborn would want their investments returned at a profit - this makes them less than ideal takeover targets - but makes them interesting investment opportunities.

I've been wondering for a while if Mercedes might leverage its engine deal with Lotus to use them as 'B' team seats for its nascent young driver programme (the fly in that idea being a potential takeover of Lotus by Renault). For all the talk about McLaren and Ferrari 'B' outfits, people seem to have missed Mercedes obvious need for one of their own. They appear to be flirting with Verstappen again, Wehrlein is in the background, as is Ocon, and they can't do anything with them without F1 seats to put them in - as their 2014 attempt to get Verstappen demonstrated.

The timing of the FIA opening up entries seemed interesting. I thought that Renault might seek to enter an entirely new team if they couldn't find an existing team to buy, but going for Manor makes a lot more commercial sense. For all their lack of infrastructure they have an entry, basic facilities and staff, all of which is better than nothing.

If Mercedes invest in Lotus (both of their drivers appear to be out of contract this year), McLaren Honda bring in ART GP, and Renault take over Manor it will make for a very interesting couple of years ahead - this will put RBR under extreme pressure.

I've suspected that the background to the RBR 'exit' talk is their maneuvering for control of the sporting regulations against Mercedes and Renault - both of whom wanted the v6 formula. It appears to me that RBR lost a political fight they felt certain they would win over the 2014 regulations and unable to get the regs they wanted, a works deal with another supplier, or sell the team, they find themselves trapped politically and commercially. 









 Considering the Tory Majority is built on less than 20,000 votes it would be unwise to completely ignore polling. 7 of those constituencies went blue by, in total, less than 900 votes collectively.

People forget that the polls are +/-5 in margin of error, and that is not so far from the actual result in the recent election. Talking to friends who are normally reliable Labour voters a number switched to the Greens in the polling booth because they had so little confidence in the Labour leadership. 




 He's one of those good/reliable drivers who's been unlucky that there was always someone absolutely stellar ahead of him. 




 They broadcast the BBC when they're televising the race live, and Sky the rest of the time so it was good. The stream seems to vary by country though. 









 If you subscribe to the F1 app it streams commentary to your device - used this to listen to Monaco whist taking the kids to Comic Con. Worked very well indeed!  




 I've been wondering for a while if Mercedes might leverage its engine deal with Lotus to use them as 'B' team seats for its nascent young driver programme. They appear to be flirting with Verstappen again, Wehrlein is in the background, as is Ocon, and they can't do anything with them without F1 seats to put them in.

Renault seem interested in buying Lotus, but the Mercedes deal might prevent that from happening immediately, at all, or mean they take a stake and convert to a works outfit for 2017 or beyond once the Mercedes deal is over. 

If Lotus aren't willing to sell, and nor are Torro Rosso, then the timing of the FIA opening up entries seems interesting. Perhaps Renault might seek to enter an entirely new team - could this be the project Berger is working on?

Grosjean is out of contract at the end of the season, and Maldonado must be close to the end of his having signed in 2013 for one year and then extended for 2015. 









 Ultimately the track position data was wrong about where Hamilton was on the circuit which made the result of any calculation performed with that data wrong - or have an unacceptably large margin of error depending on your view.

Either way its perfectly acceptable to describe the data as wrong. 

You also can't blame a group of people used to trusting a system which has churned out accurate information numerous times for not catching the error when they had to make a last second call under extreme pressure.

Everybody's an armchair quarterback on this - and no one has a right to be.  




 GPS doesn't work at Monaco because of the terrain. So their computer system was relying on the timing beams for track position data, that introduced a large margin of error into what would normally be an accurate calculation, so their data was indeed wrong. 









 Force India appear to have a deal with Mercedes and want to keep their current line up, Sauber with Ferrari, and Manor/Marussia are basically getting people to drive for free - once they have a 2015 spec car they might be useful to someone, but most likely Ferrari. 




 I don't think the author is writing in his first language. 




 And he's provably wrong - he wasn't brake tested. He tried a junior move on a circuit where you can't get away with that kind of thing. 




 Verstappen declared on his instgram feed that he beleives he was [brake tested](https://instagram.com/p/3KKmnkSqjv/) and that cost him points he 'deserved'. That claim provoked a response from [Lotus](https://twitter.com/AlanPermane/status/603518447595737089) and then the response contained in the article linked to above from Grosjean (rightly asking what he would gain from doing it - the answer to which is nothing at all! *Especially* at Monaco where tiny mistakes plant you in the wall).

In the same [article](http://verstappen.nl/?locatie=bericht id=2134 lang=en) quoted by you on Verstappen's **own** website, published two days after the instagram feed claim, Verstappen includes the line:
*"After an unlucky pit stop, I was charging through the field, before I got brake tested and had a hard crash into turn 1."*

The only reason that this is still an issue is that Max keeps repeating the lunatic claim that he was brake tested - he doesn't accept that he made an error - which is very concerning. 
























 Its far from unique in racing series the world over. It's not even unique in F1, Super Aguri were effectively Honda's B team and financed almost entirely by Honda in much the same way as TR until the recession hit. In fact the first three decades of the sport were built on a model where drivers and teams bought their cars from works outfits.

But the reality on the ground is RBR weren't allowed to have TR function as a B team in the way they wanted. They share information, but not designs, mapping, development or day-to-day engineering staff etcetera. They kept the team because the racing seats were worth more to them than the team itself.

RedBull might be very successful (est. value $7.2 billion), but the largest company in F1 are Mercedes-Benz at $22.5 billion, Fiat Chrysler (Ferrari) are worth $20.69 billion. 

To put RedBull's value in perspective Hyundai are actually worth more at $8 billion. 




 The rationale for GP2 was having a feeder series that travelled with F1, provided a support show, got the drivers used to being part of the 'circus', and allowed the teams to meet and use them as test or Friday practice drivers at no extra expense.

It solved a lot of problems, and has hugely increased the quality of the drivers, but it's not the same as driving an F1 car. 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/37tpl7/kehm_explains_schumacher_media_strategy/ 




 Personally I've never had a problem with customer cars - it worked just fine in the 60s and 70s, provided an entry point for a lot of great drivers, and made for interesting racing at the back of the grid. 




 I suspect the latter. But that's about as much context as you'll get from twitter. 




 The 'B' teams, by regulation, are independent - look at TR. 




 As I've said elsewhere don't discount Mercedes, they're aggressively pursuing a young driver programme and need B team seats to put them in. 
























 In fact it's a marketing platform for supercar and sports car manufacturers, everyone else makes up the numbers.  




 Participation should be justifiable based on the state of the sport in and of itself

But that has never ever been the case. F1 is a marketing platform and it has never been anything else at any point in its history.

 




 Why does it need to be fixed?

Why does F1 need small teams that are unable to compete on track or be successful enough in the sport to gain investors and stay afloat?

We need teams like HAAS that are prepared to take a patient approach to entry and have a strong underlying business that can benefit from the team's participation whilst supporting the team financially.

All of the successful outfits in the sport have a strong underlying business, all of the teams struggling to stay in don't. There is a reason for that.

137 constructors have participated in the sport since 1950, the average team competes in 20 races for 3 seasons with 5 drivers, wins 0 races, and scores 0 points. 




 2004ish - they were sharing data with Toyota (who were banned from the WRC for a similar cheating scandal). 



















 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/37miit/beautiful_1990_williamsrenault_f1_car_offered_at/ 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/37onbu/door_open_for_indian_gp_return_as_ecclestone/ 




 Yes. They're also the only team who have previously been involved in a wind tunnel data-sharing scandal. 




 Interesting that so much of the recent FIA clampdowns seems to have Ferrari at the centre of them. Wonder if someone is complaining or if someone suspects there is more to their recent return to form. 




 I don't disagree. Though Kvyat seems to have found his form and might be up to the challenge - he put in a great drive last weekend at one of the most difficult circuits. 

RBR only hung on to Verstappen in 2014 by promoting him to TR. Mercedes are aggressively pursuing him again, it would seem, so this pushing him into the top might be how they keep him in the RBR family. 














 Ted K was saying, in several of his notebook pieces at Monaco, that Berger has suddenly shown up at recent races talking to a lot of people and hinting that he's 'up to something', I think it also came up in Brundle's grid walk. 

Berger's a very popular figure and he'd be a great choice to lead a new team. I suspect this would lend credence to the idea of a McLaren Honda ART GP team moving into F1 as his history is with McLaren. 




 I did wonder when I posted, decided to play it safe! 




 Very little of what Bernie has done over the years justifies the idea that he's only in this for the money - he's the guy that does the big deals with serious people.

Whilst I don't disagree that it's time for a change, I don't think there is anyone with Bernie's clout or ability in a position to lead the sport, and anyone that has enough political talent to get in won't have the clout or experience to make real change happen. 




 I'd say there was some flexibility in that policy. Thanks for the interesting info, I thought he was much closer to the points he needed. In any case my overall point is that they're trying to build a young driver programme and need mid/back of the grid seats to put them in. 




 Basically. I believe you can stay within the rules and still buyout the whole car. Stoddart bought the 2002 Arrows package in the hope that it was better than what he had at the time, when that didn't turn out to be the case he sold it to SuperAguri who raced it in 2006. 




 If only... 




 I think they could manage it - theoretically you could sell the IP on an old Merc chassis to another company for change and start there - it's been done before. Wouldn't be easy but you wouldn't need to be competitive in the early phases. 




 The fifth engine business would allow the extra engine for Friday practice only, but the deal they were seeking on it's wider use would have seen the engine supplier rules relaxed going forward. 

(obv. this is all gossip and supposition) 

The rules relaxation in return for 'something' deal has come up a number of times in separate fights and was on the table during the token fight at the end of last season. Mercedes seem very keen on it, and I can't see who they would have as a customer that they don't have already, so perhaps they're thinking of the future.

Merc paid for Force India's testing so Pascal Wehrlein would be in a position to meet the new superlicence regulations, they were trying to snag [Verstappen](http://www.jamesallenonf1.com/2014/09/mercedes-pushes-young-driver-programme-pascal-wehrlein-new-f1-reserve-driver/) and Ocon in 2014, and I can't see why they would do that without having seats to put them in (RBR kept VER by bumping him up to TR). 

I've been wondering for a while if they might do a deal with Lotus (Grosjean is out of contract this year, Crashtor is obviously Crashtor) and move their young drivers there on the back of reduced price engines. That would be difficult if Renault are keen for a buyout (unless they take a stake instead and move slowly towards a works team). 

Anyway - all of this together makes be think moves are afoot for a Mercedes B-team. 




 See my comment [above](http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/37mldq/breaking_news_fia_opens_new_selection_process_to/cro2ei6) - just replied to the same question. 




 Technically. But they appeared to be offering a deal over the fifth engine a few weeks ago that would see that requirement relaxed (Lauda mentioning they were happy to supply the whole grid etc). IMO Mercedes are keen on customer cars, keen to supply more engines, and not too happy with Bernie's leadership... 

Also a Lotus buyout by Renault, [which seems likely](http://www.grandprix247.com/2015/05/28/have-renault-already-bought-lotus/), would leave them room for manuvre in the existing rules, they also compete in DTM with ART GrandPrix. 




 I don't need to imagine, this was what F1 was like until the late 70s. 

Medical cars didn't even appear until the mid-80s. 




 I wouldn't discount Mercedes, they have some talented youngsters struggling for seats and the money to start a team from scratch.

Renault seem to want a works team by 2017 and if they can't buy TR or Lotus perhaps this is a route they might use.

One of these might be the 'Berger' project Kravitz was hinting at over the Monaco weekend - hopefully something else entirely - could make for an interesting 2016! 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/37mldq/breaking_news_fia_opens_new_selection_process_to/ 



















 Sadly. 



















 The stat is for tracks, not races. 




 Formula One moved around a lot more in Prost's day than the current era - we now have 10 year contracts for staging races - in the 80's it was much more random affair. Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa, 6 different American tracks, 3 different British tracks, Austria, Switzerland, even Portugal to name a few. There were also plenty of one off and non-championship races at a wide variety of locations.

Its equally true that teams would have as many as 6 drivers in a season, just look at the [teams and drivers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1980_Formula_One_season#Drivers_and_constructors) in the 1980 season.

That's one of the reason's it's taken 22 years for this record to come close to being broken. Prost had a 13 year career with 199 race starts, Lewis has had an 8 year career to date with 154 starts. 














 I don't see it - the stewards would have noticed something like this - brake testing is a serious matter. Also what would Grosjean gain from doing it? There would be no guarantee of a finish for him and, as his contract is up this year, he needs the points. 




 Painfully true isn't it. Strongly suspect Jensen has been looking forward to measuring himself against the driver of the decade. Thus far Alonso isn't delivering the fight everyone expected!. 




 He was having front brake/balance issues at the start of the race, I did wonder if there was a remaining issue with the car when he hit the position board. Lewis does seem to have some issues hitting his marks in the Merc and I've thought more than once that it might be a setup issue. 




 Alonso fans too. There are some spectacular reach arounds going on in [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/37c9g5/vettel_eclipses_alonsos_best_after_six_rounds_as/). 




 Don't underestimate the dodgy behavior that was going on in the 1994 season. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1994_Formula_One_cheating_controversy 




 Data apparently shows Grosjean actually braked later than on the previous lap. In any case the stewards would have been down on the frenchmen like a ton of bricks if there was a shred of evidence. I also can't see what Grosjean would gain from doing it.

Quite surprised that Max repeated the allegation! Midfield handbags at the ready!

The data shows I actually braked five metres later than on the lap before. I was braking as late as I could with my tyres as they were. 














 Try these guys https://f1metrics.wordpress.com/2015/05/01/how-money-predicts-success-in-formula-1/ 




 Honda seem to have fixed their drivability problems, next up is power and reliability. Small gains each time out appear to be the order of the day. 




 That's simply cutting the facts to fit your argument. 









 Any NFL or NHL game is geoblocked in the areas around the stadium - they would like you to buy tickets, not watch at home. 




 Greece - as I've identified above simply didn't reform its economy. Spain and Ireland's problems stem from their respective property booms and they both had pretty well managed economies. Italy is just a mess politically and no one had their hands on the controls.

Arguably the Euro played a role in all, it helped in some places but not in others, and none would have survived without Eurozone bailouts. I'm afraid you can't lay all of these problems at the door of the EU and pretend removing the Euro from the equation would have solved their problems. 



















 http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/373zr7/photo_of_the_day/ 









 You lost me in the first two lines of your Greece argument - the real problem wasn't the Euro, the problem was that they had 20 years to reform their economy and labour practices and failed to even start doing it until it was far too late. 

Tax avoidance was a national pastime, their public sector was massively bloated and people routinely held jobs but did little or no work.

Closed professions were also a serious problem which caused massive price inflation compared to the rest of Europe. Truckers, pharmacists and those wishing to join 68 other professions had to buy one of a limited number of [licences](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/15/world/europe/15greece.html?_r=0) costing 500,000 euro or more. 

The truck licences alone made goods ludicrously expensive to transport and that was a drag on everything from manufacturing to general retail. 




 TBH I'm not hugely enthused by the whole field.

Burnham will always be painted as too close to the Unions, Cooper, also close to the Unions, is inextricably linked to Balls and that will always be used as a mighty weapon against her - both will quickly be painted with the failings of the Blair and Brown cabinets they both bore collective responsibility in. 

I haven't enjoyed Kendall's stridency thus far, and am a *little* more swayed by Creagh. I do think it would be valuable to have a female leader and someone who represents a Northern constituency with irish roots would do very nicely in terms of drawing a contrast against Cameron and Osborne. She can speak to a geographic area in which we have start performing well from experience, and speak with authority on the EU. Reading a little of what she's written in the press it appears she 'gets' Scotland.

I like her position on business, she's good in the Commons and lands punches well, her background means she would be taken seriously on the EU and its is difficult to assail her with the usual 'metropolitan-elite' attacks despite her Oxbridge education. 

 









 I'm assuming from the uninformed nature of your comment that you didn't actually read the article, or the version of it written by every other F1 news site. 




 As Button said after quali: "Coulda, woulda, shoulda". Its very easy to be wise and armchair quarterback after the event. That they considered what might happen if Ferrari pitted is wise, its unlikely that it was the most persuasive factor in their decision in the end.

Drivers don't "complain all the time" drivers tell the team what's happening from their perspective, with the limited amount of information they have, and send messages to the stewards and race control via the only means of communication they have available to them.

With so little time to make a decision it's easy to make a mistake. Brave of Hamilton to maintain composure and say the right things despite what was obviously a devastating loss after a long weekend of very hard work and brilliant driving.

Looking at the threads after the event people are seizing on insignificant things like the team photo and the position bollard and using them to make completely uninformed criticisms. Hamilton put out an amazing quali finding 3 extra tenths over Rosberg twice, then pulled out a 20 second lead over Rosberg during the race at F1's most difficult circuit. Simply amazing stuff. 




 The team have the final say and they have access to information that the driver does not - ergo its the fault of the team, not the driver. 




 More than likely the terrain prevents it working effectively.  




 I don't see how you can claim that it's a widely held view that Hamilton was suddenly and unexpectedly told to pit or that he was at fault. His part in the decision was noted in the race commentary, in his comments after the race, and virtually every article on the topic written since. 

Discussing if it's sensible to pit isn't the same as requesting to pit and many people in this sub are using this as an avenue to criticise Hamilton (who drove an imperious weekend) - especially the Rosbergerttes.

[James Allen's analysis](http://www.jamesallenonf1.com/2015/05/talking-point-how-will-mercedes-make-it-up-to-hamilton-for-lost-monaco-victory/) (emphasis mine) below. Interesting because it includes the timings (20 secs to make the decision), introduces Nasr's stop as a factor, and explains the parameters of the decision from the team's perspective. 

Also of note is that Toto revealed last night that the [teams don't have GPS at Monaco](http://adamcooperf1.com/2015/05/24/toto-wolff-we-got-the-maths-wrong/) which would have affected their decision making ability.

Hamilton was part of the decision making process, as he confirmed after the race, telling the team that the soft tyres were losing temperature and pressure behind the safety car and *if there was sufficient gap to easily pit and rejoin on new, warm supersofts for the final 12 laps, it would make sense.* The team was protecting itself from a possible move by Ferrari to pit Vettel onto supersofts and then have him attack them at the restart, when he would have been right behind on faster tyres.

The top line is that there was a transition from Virtual Safety Car to Safety car; at the end of Sector 1 of the lap on which he pitted, Hamilton had a lead over Rosberg of 26.802 seconds, more than enough to pit with a comfortable margin. A pit stop at racing speeds takes 24 seconds at Monaco and at Safety Car speeds you only need a gap of around 17s to make the stop and retain position.

*What happened was that Hamiltons Sector 2 time was slower than he or the team expected; he took 53.240 secs to complete that sector, while Rosberg took just 44.5 secs. The gap came down from 26 seconds to just 18.*

Hamilton lost time behind the Safety Car, in other words, when it picked him up. He then lost another 1.5secs in the pit lane, thats how much slower his stop was than his first stop (which had been the fastest of the day). Nasr went past in the Sauber just as he was due to be released, which added a little to the end of the stop.

As soon as it happened, everyone realised that the move had been a mistake, but as Toto Wolff says, the calculations didnt keep up with the eventualities. Alarm bells should have gone off when Hamilton came through the Sector 2 beam and the gap had been reduced to 18 seconds  this made it a risky move to pit Hamilton. There was little time to think; Sector 3 takes 28 secs to complete across the finish line at Safety Car speeds and so they would have up to 20 seconds before he would need to enter the pits.

As for his reaction many people seem to have forgotten he lost the 2007 WDC on a team call to stay out a lap longer than he should have on tyres that were down to the canvas. I doubt the similarities of the two situations will have been lost on him. 




 You say potato etc. 

Money is unlikely to be a major issue for anyone in this particular situation whatever anyone needs they will get, and it isn't necessarily up to RBR depending on the contract terms he has already - Jos is a canny man.

Williams admitted two races ago that Lotus were faster than they were in a post race radio call, both teams are currently outpacing RedBull handily, both have better engines and better development tracks.

Generally speaking for GP drivers the more promotional work the worse off they are, and it's something that the older they get the less work is in their contracts. 




 Either team would represent a move up the grid from TR. 




 Fair point, but the SNP aren't a single issue party. 




 Button's comments on the same situation last year:

But is Lewis strong enough to come back? I really think he is. You will see a more determined Lewis at the next race. Canada is a circuit he loves.

I remember with Lewis that when we had a tussle in a race or there was an issue between us or with the team, he would have a really bad race and be quite outspoken and emotional. **And the next race he would destroy me, he would come back stronger than ever**.

The mind games people play on him will not work.

Initially, he is an emotional character and he will be quite hurt but he comes back stronger than ever.

Monaco is a really special race for Hamilton, especially as he's had such poor luck there. But he's a lot tougher than he used to be and Rosberg is the one that chokes under pressure. 




 Toto issued an [explanation](http://adamcooperf1.com/2015/05/24/toto-wolff-we-got-the-maths-wrong/) - interestingly they have no GPS at Monaco so their calculation was a few seconds off. 3.5 seconds off to be exact!

The simple answer is we got the maths wrong, said Toto Wolff. We thought we had a gap which we didnt have when the safety car came out, and Lewis was behind the safety car and the calculation was simply wrong.

It was the teams decision. We are all in this together, we make decisions together and it is not one person to blame and we win and lose together and that is clear. In Monaco you have no GPS and this makes the whole exercise more difficult, so this is why we got it wrong when we switched from the virtual safety car to the safety car. 




 Hamilton built a 20 second gap over Rosberg at Monaco - *Monaco* - that really says everything you need to know about the pair.

Basically Rosberg wins when something goes wrong for Hamilton. 




 Anyone with any sense wants Max, but only RBR have the race seat. Merc's options would have to be paying Lotus or Williams to take him on in order to steal him away from RedBull. 

I suppose both of those things are possible in 2017 (Massa's contract ends) or if Lotus tire of Crashtor. In fairness someone somewhere must be having a conversation about Grosjean's future as his contract is up this year, so perhaps both Lotus seats might be available in 2016. 




 Real problem for Farage is that actually having a referendum removes the rationale for UKIP's existence for voters, especially in the EU elections. Whichever way the country voted in a referendum UKIP would be spent as a political force.  




 When you look at their longstanding platform and voter base they pretty much did. One would have to say hubris driven by their best ever election performance. 

Vince cable described what they got during the coalition as "crumbs from the Tory table". The membership of the party could have overridden Clegg at conference on several occasions both on the Coalition deal and on policy. So what I take from this is that, rather than stand up and vote for what they believe in, both the politicians and the party faithful were willing to compromise any position they held in return for those 'crumbs'. 









 I don't think the team need Hamilton yelling at them to know how badly they screwed up. The look on Toto's face said everything. 




 They don't need to rule it out - there is no army to send, or budget to pay for it. 




 Basically the article is an opinion piece based on the beliefs of a recently departed staff member and there is no evidence to back it up, it doesn't even mention her position or salary, merely her judgements on others working status. 

The rest is a mish-mash of claims about a group of companies that mostly consists of non-profit NGO's specialising in project design and aid-delivery who maintain staff in the regions where aid is delivered and actually have a pretty good reputation in the aid sector. The 52,000 in the headline is based on the alleged average salaries of the staff at some of the companies, but is completely unsourced.

The remainder is a rehash of claims made by the DT in 2012 along with some sexy sounding, but obviously biased words like 'fat-cat' and 'barron'.
 


































 I don't see a road back for them at this point. What's the rationale for a LibDem vote after the Coalition? Voters know they will compromise every principle they have. 









 The giant global recession that began in 2008. Economic growth has not returned strongly enough so companies need to keep cash on hand incase of another downturn or other economic 'weather'. Households are doing the same i.e. they have less money to spend on the sponsored products.

Equally true that many western countries have hit market saturation for many products and the law of diminishing returns applies - one of the many reasons F1 is going to new countries and new markets in order to tempt sponsors along.

Sponsors won't really come back until the economic climate improves. 














 To be completely honest I'm a little bit happy about being shorn of the 'Scottish Mafia' - a group that has held sway over policy and strategy since the dawn of the Blair era - perhaps this will help the party to new thinking. 




 I don't think they would want to be seen as interfering in the political process - now everyone knows this is happening people will demand the publication of the report in full, and its unlikely to be favorable to the eurosceptic position. 




 True. But public perception is everything. 

Balls has never been popular, he was about the past not the future as far as most are concerned because he was so closely hitched to Brown's train. 

It was a dreadful mistake to allow him to camp in the shadow chancellor's seat for five years - there was no greater signal to the public that our economic position had not changed and we had failed to learn the lessons of the past. 




 I'm curious now. I thought the same but given how [busy the airports](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/irish-people-are-travelling-home-from-all-over-the-world-so-they-can-vote-to-legalise-gay-marriage-10268990.html) turned out to be with people returning home to vote that might be enough to change the result. 




 Each constituency party is entitled to nominate a candidate for the position of Mayor of London. 

Candidates receiving more than 5 nominations from constituencies will go forward to a shortlisting panel which will decide which ones will be put before all members and supporters in a postal ballot to be held in August. 

**It's important that you attend your local party meetings to take part in this process** Meetings to decide on the CLP nomination will take place very soon, all Labour Party members and registered supporters are entitled to take part in this process.

Candidates so far:-

- Diane Abbott
- Tessa Jowell
- Keran Kerai
- Sadiq Khan
- David Lammy
- Neeraj Patil
- Gareth Thomas
- Christian Woolmar
 

















































 We have not resigned our seat, but we have no genuine influence within the Security Council. Thanks in large part to our appalling behavior in going into Iraq with Bush, the joke that was our military performance whilst in Iraq and Afghanistan, our absent Navy and outdated airforce. We have nothing serious to offer anyone - as our laughable part the Libya operation proved.

The City of London has been on fire since the recession, little has been done to combat the cultural problems that led to 2008 and it's the banks that have the power, not the treasury. Just look at HSBC's startling intervention in the election campaign - it feared a backlash from no one. An EU exit will lead to the serious players leaving en-masse. Preparations for such an exit are well underway at a number of companies I work with.

We sold Oxford, Cambridge and Sandhurst to the children of dictators and international students when we ceased properly funding higher education. Every university is entirely reliant on private funding and income obtained outside government to stay alive.

We are almost exclusively reliant on private finance, charity, visitor centre income or EU funding to preserve our world heritage and nationally important sites. I had a conversation with English Heritage last year seeking emergency help with a literally collapsing 400 year old listed monument - no money, unlikely to be any money for a decade, I was advised to apply to the EU or the lottery 'thats all we do'.

We remain culturally influential but we're not taken seriously in any office outside Downing Street. The idea of the special relationship is a thin and distant memory because it relied on our ability to influence Europe and military support. 




 And the team. 

But a point most people have missed over the last few years is that RBR were winning with an underpowered car and relying on aero in the corners for speed - so there is more than one valid approach. Many of the problem RBR are seeing this year are issues that they've had plenty of time to resolve, they just didn't consider them big enough issues in the past. 




 The realities of design, testing, and manufacture. The tyre compounds are designed a year in advance, more even. While the tyre companies can tweak during a season they can't fundamentally alter their approach - we've seen the same thing with engines over the last two seasons.

In essence whomever gets the approach right at the start of the season will win, anyone else is screwed. 




