 2dank4me 




 Agreed 




 Im calling it. After all of the CLG, TIP, Liquid hype, it's going to end up being a C9 TSM final again 




 You can start going aggressive in the majority of match ups once you hit 4. It's just    level 2 and 3 that you really are weak in. 




 Just put them on a late game hypertank, plus a hypercarry ADC and mid laner. The game will make it to 60 minutes either way so might as well abuse it. 




 The other assassins got nerfed while she got a (small) buff. She also synergizes with the AOE all-in meta right now. 




 I really want to see him against sneaky. The flashy hard-carry ADC versus the consistently strong ADC who never has a bad game. Plus they're both arguably the best in their region so it would be even more hype. 




 I find it funny that fusion has a larger support staff then many LCS teams. I sure hope they make summer split, both the organization and the players deserve it. 




 TIP just communicates in basic English. Everyone there has good comprehension and reasonably strong speaking.  It's not like SHRC where they have a legitimate language barrier. 




 She offers a ton of pick potential, but with the Lissandra, Maokai, Ahri, etc. popularity she isn't really needed. 




 He also had a lot more success with support veigar in solo queue though then he is with naut. 




 Sneaky is still a world class ADC though. Second best in the west easily, and if forgiven is as easy to ban out as last weekend showed, you could make a case for sneaky being the best. 




 Gangplank is one of the most fun champs to
play. You buy Trinity, Shiv, IE. One shot carries with your Q. Or you build full AP, and have your ult wreck the enemy team, you chunk with a lich bane Q, and have a bullshit 1khp heal. Or build pretty much anything and still have a use for it. Gangplank has easily the most versatile build in the game. 




 I had a game recently when I wanted to try twitch jungle, and I got matched up against a shaco. Long story short, my jungle became his, and every single time he killed somebody he would post :^) in all chat. Fuck
Shaco. 




 She's had two consecutive nerfs now 




 As an Elise player, would you rather see her get small buffs until she's a strong yet not oppressive pick, or see her get a large buff, and become pick/ban tier again and subsequently nerfed into a weak state again? She's not even that bad right now tbh, I've seen her carry a ton of games recently. 




 Urgot actually just got a huge buff. He's still not the greatest champ, but he's actually at a half decent win rate now. (~48%?) 




 It's like people don't realize that riot is slowly trying to buff her back to usefulness, instead of giving her a massive buff in one patch and having oppressive spider bitch V2.0. 




 If c9 continues to struggle, I could honestly see the rumor of hai stepping down and incarnation joining c9 as a mid coming true. Meteos has shown he knows how to be a half-decent shotcaller, so it might actually work out well.  




 Lemon is doing fine IMO, he was one of c9s only bright points last week 




 C9, Gambit, WE, and YFW won a previous IEM tournament. 

GE, CJ, TSM, and SK were chosen for their performance in their regions.
 




 The players that leave from EU just want to be able to play in a competitive region 




 If you have watched any LPL before this, it's quite obvious that this version of WE is nothing like the 12th place team that left China. 




 According to recent events 

NACNKRTWBREU 




 The team that won had 2 substitute players, never won a match, and was the last placed team in China. They were expected to lose every game. They just beat what was thought the best in the world to go to the finals, against the NA team TSM 




 I'd argue it is, this blows Alliance and Kabum out of the water. 




 I'd argue that Apollo has been the biggest surprise this year. Who honestly expected the Apollo/Adrian bot lane to be as successful as it is? They're no rush hour or sneaky/lemon, but they are consistently doing what is needed of them, and doing it well. 




 To be fair, it's basically the same as benching them, except they get at least some LCS experience out of it. 




 Remember when they both lost to korea? 




 Inb4 Froggen gets relegated and joins cloud9. 




 I'd argue that YFW would be a mid-tier team in NA. They're on the same level as gravity or team8 imo. Cloud nine still should have won that though. 




 TW is still a better region then BR though. 




 At least cloud nine isn't in danger of being relegated 




 I'd argue that he is only slightly weaker then he was pre-nerf. Weaker pre-11, around the same 11-16, and slightly stronger 16+. He'll end up sitting at ~45% like beforehand I believe. 




 It's funny cause c9 used to be famous for a godlike pick ban phase 




 Sneaky is a pretty damn good ADC though. He's no forg1ven, but he's still one of the best western ADC's. I'd argue top 3. 




 Cloud 9 is known for their mid-late game shotcalling, while SK is known for their early game snowballs. If anything, SK resembles TSM, just with more of a bot lane focus instead of a mid lane focus. 




 Lemon's picks on Morgana was one of the only good things C9 did today, and Sneaky played quite well himself. Sure, C9 had a stronger early lane, but they were still beating them pretty convincingly until the disaster began. 




 Exactly. GE is a much stronger team,  I agree 100%. But just compare cloud 9 today to the cloud 9 at worlds. Uncalculated, sloppy play. I understand what they were going for, but the execution was terrible. 




 Deciding to drastically change their entire playstyle against the best team in the world is a pretty stupid choice. They could have easily played it like they did SSB at worlds, and they mightve just had a chance. Rumble had a early first blood, Sneaky/Lemon were dominating lane, Hai was in trouble, but could just play it as safe as he could. Instead they try stupid plays, that just get capitalized on over and over and led to the stomp that this was. 




 It was more C9 playing godawful then anything.  Balls was tilting before the game even started, (like chasing a lissandra under her tower with her ult up? Really?), Hai picked a terrible matchup and got snowballed on, Meteos made way too many risky plays that backfired, Lemon honestly didnt play too badly, and Sneaky honestly isn't to blame at all. 




 I found that promoting a melee minion gives it a fast push, as well as giving you a lot of CS due to the massive DPS buff it has (it will last hit the most). The downside is the melee minion will die the fastest because of it being the front of the wave. It also shreds turrets (just make sure it doesn't draw the turret aggro right off the bat)

A ranged minion will slow push the wave, and last the longest of all the minions. IMO it's best if you want to pressure somewhere like baron and apply pressure to the turret at bot with a wave building up.

A cannon minion is a mixture of the two, it won't push as fast as a melee minion, but it won't last as long as a ranged minion (due to getting focused down by turrets and other minions) . It's by far the best to upgrade if you have baron buff though. It gets focused down first by turrets which is a downside the majority of the time, unless you need to hold turret aggro for a long time (as it is the tankiest, but actually has the lowest dps increase of upgraded minions)

A good rule of thumb is melee = dps+free gold, ranged = survivability + slow push, cannon = tankiest + baron siege 




 I found that promoting a melee minion gives it a fast push, as well as giving you a lot of CS due to the massive DPS buff it has. The downside is the melee minion will die fast.

A ranged minion will slow push the wave, and last the longest of all the minions. IMO it's best if you want to pressure somewhere like baron and apply pressure to the turret at bot.

A cannon minion is a mixture of the two, it won't push as fast as a melee minion, but it won't last as long as a ranged minion (due to getting focused down by turrets and other minions) . It's by far the best to upgrade if you have baron buff though. It gets focused down first by turrets which is a downside the majority of the time, unless you need to hold turret aggro for a long time (as it is the tankiest, but actually has the lowest dps increase of upgraded minions)

A good rule of thumb is melee = high dps+free gold, ranged = survivability + slow push, cannon = tankiest + baron siege 




 Shyvana maybe? She has some of the fastest clears in the game, and scales into a massive dps tank like mundo for late game. 




 How are you reasonably going to fit 40%cdr on Kassadin without making his damage nonexistent? 




 He has a two second riftwalk CD, and arguably the worst base damages in the game on a AP carry. If you actually take the time to get 40% cdr, you will do nonexistent damage late game. The only cdr item that synergizes with him in the slightest is a IBG, and I would prefer a lich bane 90% of the time. 




 It's 5am pacific time 




 I never knew XWX was such a troll until this ama 




 Just shove her in. She has absolutely pitiful waveclear and she is very bad at last hitting under turret. 




 I like how you call c9s record abysmal when they're currently third in the LCS. 




 Agree with everything you say except the lack of damage, especially compared to Maokai. Damage is the one thing mundo isnt lacking. Mundo has the largest attack steroid in the game, and a 25% health nuke (with a high base damage on low health targets),  plus his burn does some consistent DPS. 




 To be fair, irelia has more early game sustain, free tenacity, and higher base stats then Hecarim, making her tankier with only a Triforce. Late game Hecarim is tankier and has higher sustain though. 




 Pretty much the only person who prioritizes him right now is TIP Rush 




 You can go trinity force into tank and be a unpeelable AD bruiser... Hold my beer, I actually sort of want to try this. 




 Like I mean XWX has better mechanics, better csing, etc. but bjerg is better at trading, roaming, and all of that 




 I think XWX is more skilled then bjergsen, but bjergsen is the better mid laner, if that makes any sense to you. 




 So much potential 




 The one champion where it's okay to feed to win, and XWX doesn't die once. What a god. 




 Apollo deserves his spot IMO. He's really stepped it up. 




 I see plenty to support IMO,  




 They have arguably the most skilled mid laner in NA, the jungler with the most potential, a very strong top laner with tons of experience, and a good bot lane that is completely exceeding their expectations. If they get their communication down pat I can see them being the best team in NA. 




 Give Keith more credit then that. He isn't some solo-queue trash player. He may not be a mechanical God like piglet, or a consistent rock like Sneaky, but he's still a strong ADC that does what the team needs of him. 




 They have a great record with Keith, and an abysmal record with Piglet. It doesn't matter how good someone can 'potentially' be, if the team obviously doesn't perform with them. 




 Balls is  good on Maokai IMO 




 At the moment, I would say Trundle. He's got clear strengths (Tank killer, strong duelist), and clear weaknesses ( CC wrecks him, kited easy in open areas, low burst). He's strong when tanks and split pushing  are strong, and weak when they aren't. He has his niche in the meta, and that's a good thing. (This is also why I don't like his buffs on the PBE, he's going to be oppressive when tanks come back into the meta. 




 Veigar was literally first pick or ban in Korea and China for around 3 weeks.  




 They actually looked somewhat like a team with Cloud. Like, they still weren't very good, but they didn't feel like they were relegation-worthy. With Azingy it just feels like a solo queue game. 




 Benching Cloudnyugen for Azingy was such a mistake 




 Meteos is actually mechanically strong. Watch any of his Nidalee/Lee games for proof. But even then, mechanics isn't everything. In just general jungling, Meteos is the best in NA, and could be argued as the best in the west (I'd give the edge to Diamondprox tbh) 




 IMO it's RyuHai, MeteosLoulex, Oddamme=Balls, SneakyHjarnen, and Lemon=Kasing.  This isn't including the other things the players might bring to the team, like Hai/Kasings shot calling, Lemons P/B, etc. 




 Reminds me of C9 during their prime. Three strong laners giving them an early lead, and then great shot calling and objective control to extend that lead. Then they can easily clean up teamfights with their big gold lead and decent teamfight 




 Wait, Ryu's face changes? 




 I'd argue that H2k is the C9 of EU. Game styles are so similar, and both have amazing shotcallers. Main difference is RyuHai mechanically, and MeteosLoulex. 




 I could just see it. Worlds finals, game 5. Right before the game starts, Nick Allen enters the stage and announces a rule change. Game 5's are now blind pick. Ryu and Faker lock in Zed, and history is made.  




 The only one I can see was overstaying at dragon, which cost them 2 kills and a tower. Still a near flawless game though. 




 They didn't have any vision there, the call to try to get top for fifth drag wasn't terrible IMO, just UOL played it well by leaving graves to solo it, and Wickd got caught. 




 It's also only 2/3s the mana cost 




 Thunk thunk THWACK THWACK THWACK THWACK THWACK THWACK "your team has destroyed a turret" 




 They go TP ignite because Hecarim is a very snowbally champion, with high kill potential, and flash isn't uber necessary on him compared to other champions. He has no real flash combo's, and has a fairly strong escape in his ult if he gets caught. 




 Shaco is designed to have a weaker late game, due to having such an oppressive early game in strong hands. 




 I love nocturne into him. Out trade his Q with your passive early on, all-in him level 2/3, GG. If you fall behind you can farm easy with your Q, and if you get ahead you can become opressive. Post-6 you can shove him in and pressure the rest of the map. 




 To be fair, old Nid had a longer range, and a much lower cooldown. Blitzes hook is a much longer cooldown. Plus he has to be selective on who to hook. If you hook the enemy Amumu or Malphite into your team you'll going to have a bad time. 




 When it comes down to it, the extra 50 range won't mean anything when compared to the extra mobilty from this update. Its literally half the size of teemos model difference, but a massive mana cost reduction and an extra cool down off.  




 Calling it right now. Kassadin will become a meta pick again if these changes go through.  I'd honestly argue that he will be stronger then before at top tiers, but his win rate will stay in the shitter for low elo 




 They had piglet scrim mornings and Keith scrim afternoons 




 Let's say GE tigers loses game one to C9, beats Yoe wolves, and then loses to SK. They would be out of the tournament, and rightfully so. They finished group stage 1/2, while both c9 and SK won 2 games each. Would GE still be the best team in the world? Most likely. Were they the best team at that point and time? No.  




 To be fair, C9 has more or less returned to their form. If you ignore the first two weeks which they were playing terrible, they're 7/1. I agree totally that GE is the better team, and the odds are definitely in their favor, but it's entirely possible that C9 does get a win, even if it ends up being more of a cheese. It's just a best of 1, anything can happen. Look at Alliance vs Kabum for example. 




 He's definitely viable. He's my highest winrate champion at the moment. He does have his weaknesses though, which is sub-par burst, little pre-6 pressure, and high CD ultimate. If you play him to his strengths though (high DPS, longest gap closer in the game, vision loss ultimate, near impossible to peel with a banshees)  you will have success. 




 Because he's a mid-tier mid laner on a top tier team. They've got a top 3 western ADC, arguably the best western jungler, a top tier NA top, and strong support. Hai isn't terrible per say, but he is the weakest link, and when he plays bad, he brings the entire team down with him due to him being the shotcaller. 




 Give sneaky Kalista, and lemon Morgana while you're at it as well. 




 Okay so you gave hai, sneaky, lemon, and balls all one of their main comfort picks, and give meteos nidalee. Yeah, this game was over in champ select. 




 Nasus is at his strongest ~25 minutes in the game when he has 500 stacks and no squishy has a any armor items yet. Later on the adcs will have a QSS, and he'll get kited for days. He doesn't fall off in duels though. 




 I sure hope Syndra comes back in the meta after the recent buffs. He was great on her 




 He's got a massive move speed boost, plus botrk is a core item on him. There's no walking away from him. I agree that his E is inconsistent, but pretty much the only adc that can escape from it without flashing is Tristana, who cockblocks pretty much all divers. I'm not saying he's tier one, but he definitely shouldn't be classified as garbage tier. 




 Agreed, taking E second is a mistake as nocturne jungle. I personally prefer going krugs first though, as I run a lot of attack speed in my runes, plus the attack speed from the W lets me negate a lot of damage from the camps.  




 Noc top can outtrade him level 1 with his passive, all in him level 2-3, and shove him in for the rest of the lane. At 6 you can pressure the map with your ult, and later on you out scale him hard in both being a godlike split pusher, better duelist, and much better teamfighter.  




 I don't understand why everyone says nocturne is weak. People say the first clear hurts, but I do a full first clear every single game with no problem. He's near impossible to peel in team fights, and he scales really well. He's absolutely godlike at making picks if you have decent vision up. The amount of games where we were way behind, and I catch somebody out with my ult, and turn the game around is absurd. I think too many people try to play him he's a Jarvan/Vi/Rek'sai and then think he's a terrible champion when they don't play him to his strengths 




 I get your point, but this post is sarcastic 




 Heimerdinger won't see the pro scene, except for possibly being a niche counterpick. You can just put him in a 1v2 lane and negate his early game if he's played top, or pick Xerath/Syndra/any other long range Mage against him mid. He thrives on the disorganization of solo queue, but in the pro scene junglers won't dive him and give him a double. 




 That's why I speficified early clear. On a buff with ~3k health, the traps do 300 bonus damage early on, as well as rooting the buff.  




 Because they didn't buff her. They shifted her power from the %health (which is massive on the first clear),  to her burst. Basically, she won't clear as well early on, and the poke from her traps will hurt a lot less. But in return, they solidify her assassin role by giving her higher burst on her E. 




