 That's a good honest slogan.

[edit] but I think Seaside heights holds that crown. 









 Haha, any time! 




 Well the rides and water park are still fun! 




 Try visiting Japan. Their candy is only a little sweeter than American bread. I think 2/3 of Americans have an undeniable sugar addiction. 




 I love how this is turning into a mixology thread. 




 I like a Gin   Ginger.  And if you're feeling nuts; 

Gin + Ginger soda + Fresh Ginger = Gin^3 




 I think added sugars is one of the biggest problems in our economy.  Our government regulates everything but allows food produces to add what basically amounts to poison to almost everything in the grocery store.  Makes me sick. 




 I can't argue with this type of sound reasoning. It's *science*. 




 Not fat, cultivating mass. 




 That's sound logical science. Drinking is like breathing and breathing burns calories. 




 You sure about that? Last time I checked water had chemicals and chemicals are bad.

[edit] but Popeye's still OK b/c chicken = protein = good 




 Haha, great map. 

Yea, Wildwood has really gone down hill.

Also, I grew up on the Jersey Shore. And it's not like the TV show.  Sure, I used to go to Seaside Heights (where the show was filmed) in high school, but we all knew it was a trashy good time. I spent my summers on LBI though. 




 According to documentaries and articles I've viewed, the early 80's is when the US obesity population began to blow up.  Combine this image with the recent presence of meth use just inland along the jersey shore and you'll have a more current view of the boardwalk. It's pretty sad. 




 I'm a late bloomer. I didn't finish developing physically until I was ~25yo. [31M now] It was around 29 that I realized I was hot. It just sort of hit me. Like I have had girls telling me this (sometimes guys too) but it didn't really sink in for a while. It's one thing to know you're good looking, being called "pretty boy" growing up, but all the sudden you're a 6'4" blonde male with the body of a stripper and it hits you.

I don't think it effects my personality too much because I don't view myself in terms of beauty but I am cognizant about certain things that are effected by how I look. I'm more aware that people will try to take advantage of me sexually and vie for my attention. I'm also more aware of the effect I have on women (some men I suppose too) as they can tend to become nervous when I approach them or talk to them. I also notice that some things in life are just handed to me and I'm attributing this to looks. Also, access to parties/clubs is much easier for me I'm noticing.

The one notable change in personality for me is that my standards for girlfriends has increased a lot. Now, I won't even have a drunken one night stand with a girl who's even a bit chubby.  In general they have to be tall, beautiful, smart and educated.  My standards were not that high when I was 21. 




 TIL Gerd wrote der bible 




 You'd think this answer could be found with a quick googling. 









 tis a magical place 




 I wonder what study it's citing. I'm sure it's true if you count overeating as an eating disorder. 




 You're hot. 8.9/10

Is that hair color natural?   




 It *has* fruit in it so it's healthy. 




 You're right, I deserve that.
 




 So I'm at the the Jersey Shore - this place called Wild Wood.  Once a year my friends and I like to go to the boardwalk there to ride all the rides and play all the games.  I'm walking around with a friend and we see a lemonade stand selling giant (1L?) lemonades. We're thirsty but these things are huge so we decide to split one.

We walk up to the stand and order. We get our drink and each have a turn taking a sip. Both of our reactions are the same; our faces scrunch up and we're a bit overwhelmed by the amount of sugar in our drink. You could literally crunch the sugar with your teeth. But whatever, we're thirsty, we'll drink it.  

As we're drinking, we're standing around near the lemonade stand and I watch this very large couple waddle up to the stand. They're pretty big, even relative to the population found in Wildwood, which is on the larger side to begin with. They each order a lemonade as I'm watching them. They start to walk away and take a sip. They each made the same disgusted face my friend and I made when we had our first sip!

Plot Twist! This couple, after taking a sip and realizing it is not to their liking, turn around and walk back to the stand. I'm out of earshot but I can see clearly what happens. They ask the kid for more sugar. They open the lid and he pours a full scoop (probably a tablespoon) of sugar into their giant cups. They look at him like, "come on, really?" and he pours two more scoops of sugar into each of their cups! That's some sweet ass lemonade + 3 additional scoops of sugaz! Wtf did I just witness!?!

They walked away, pleased with their purchase, and at that moment, I realized that that lemonade stand in Wildwood, New Jersey was where diabetes came from.

[edit] spelling of "lemonade" 




 You know what your mission is right? You MUST hide its chair for every class.  Better yet; loosen up some of the bolts so that it falls apart under her weight. 




 8.6/10 




 You know your breeds! 




 Haha, I agree. 




 The white one in the middle is full loaf and the one in the back is at least half loaf. 




 Perfect/ Thanks 




 Costco baby! 




 What you have to eat today?  

"Oh, a salad, I went for a walk and treated myself with a cookie. I'm SO bad!" 




 Thanks! 




 The floof is strong in this group. 




