 well fuck  




 That scene almost made me feel bad for her, almost.  




 This is what I'm thinking /  hoping  

























































































 The reports from the Boston NPR station referenced in the article can be found here: 

[part 1](http://www.wbur.org/2015/06/05/atlanta-olympic-venue-lessons-for-boston)

[part 2](http://www.wbur.org/2015/06/04/boston-universities-atlanta-olympics)

[part 3](http://www.wbur.org/2015/06/03/atlanta-olympics-city-legacy)  




















































































 This will do.  



















 I don't know how to respond  
















































































































































 i can only hope that an Indiana style backlash occurs  










































































 you might recognize these guys from colbert  http://thecolbertreport.cc.com/videos/dvppp6/difference-makers---the-free-keene-squad 





























 I think it's a great idea.  














































































































































































 Reagan appointed him 




 The language barrier. Yes lots of swedes are able to speak English but it's still helpful to know the local language.  




 If you're going for English speaking countries add New Zealand to the list. If you are really  desperate id apply for asslym to a Scandinavian country (namely Sweden), they are pretty good about taking in asylum seekers.  












































 The classic "I have gay friends " argument at the end 







































 Can you explain the picture with Finland?  
























 How could you forget Ben Carson? 

 




 TeenNick is it's own channel now. 

 




 The N was replaced with TeenNick,  a separate channel. 

 














 I don't know what to believe anymore.  









 I'll believe it when I see it.  






















































 i hate paywalls  












































 the main reason i posted it 

 





























 I'm with you. This is a great plan. The neighborhoods in that area are , lets be honest, shit. It's empty lots and abandoned houses. This is literally the best plan to replace Turner Field. Much better than imploding the stadium and leaving it an empty lot (as if the area needed another one of those). Plus this will bring actual development to the area, something that the baseball stadium never did. 

 









 NBC has shown Olympics coverage in the past on NBCSN, Bravo, CNBC, msnbc, USA, and Oxygen. Actually NBCUniversal owns more channels than ESPN. If NBC wanted to they could also show Olympics coverage on E!, The Weather Channel, Golf Channel, Esquire Network, Chiller, Cloo, and syfy. So it's not lack of channels that's the problem, its the lack of will on NBC's part. Now maybe with the success of their live premier league games and live ice skating coverage during the Olympics last year they will change. But I'm not too confident.  




 NBC almost got the Pac-12 contract but ESPN didn't want to give it away and was willing to swallow their pride and co-bid with Fox. NBCSN also bid on The American contract and ESPN outbid again. ESPN doesn't want to give NBCSN a foot in the door. Also ESPN won't sub-license games to them. It isn't in ESPN's interest to give NBCSN programing. ESPN doesn't mind giving CBSSN or FSN some games because they aren't a threat to them. Most conferences are signed to long term deals. The only conference whose contract is up soon is the B1G. You can bet your ass that ESPN won't give that up (plus Fox might make a play as well).  




 The GOP will come up with some BS reason. Like it costing too much or something  






















































