 I really dislike how the AT T and Comcast try to bundle TV services with it. I sorta think the rates are like that here in order to force you to go for the whole package. They'd rather make sure you have brainrot than internet access. 




 What a bearen landscape. 




 6:1 Trust:Liquid ratio 




 Can confirm, USGS is reporting that the epicenter is at this address. 




 Noice 




 Ignoring, please test. 




 Let's stop football stadiums from being subsidized first, then move on to phones. 




 Not necessarily, if you text 32665 "FBOOK" it'll display like that.
Now if it said via Android or via iPhone, then .. yeah. Your comment stands.

She could have a Nokia potato for all we know. 




 Yeah come to think of it I do have a hammock..
It just got cold out though.

Hmmmmm.. maybe with blankets I could make this fun. 




 I have always found that sitting up bothers me, and being on the bed knocks me out.

I suppose I could just try the cold floor. I don't think I'm liable to sleep if I am just on the hardwoods. 




 #Illuminati 




 I, too, got my driver's license exclusively by doing barrel rolls in San Francisco Rush.

What? 




 My buddy with a glass eye always does this. He gets his own custom emoticons. 

I'm not entirely jelly but I admire his gusto. 




 CUT THIS THING OFF, I'M DRY! 




 I have scarcely ever read a science article that sent a chill up my spine and out of the top of my head, resulting in a gasp.
I'm going to go read Vidal's thesis immediately. 




 LoL 3 At least you have some self respect. 




 Looks like the Grand Convocation Chamber for the Republic Senate from Star Wars.  Add some chairs. 




 Does it still glitch out with cloud transparency? That was bothering me 




 YES! 




 Saw this not ... a week or two ago? Only difference being that this version is horizontally reversed from the "original"
Can't call it a r e p o s t.
Clever girl... 




 As long as we don't shell the neighbors with it everything should be dandy. 




 And to boot I want the subscription option:  CABLE. NO SPORTS. $5.00 LESS. 




 Malk? Now with Vitamin "R"? 




 Donald Rumsfeld pushed Aspartame through, if I'm not mistaken. Nomnomnomnomnom 




 I wish it was not scanned across like that so slowly but rather flashed back and forth in a series. I have trouble comparing the features when you scrub a bar across the image I'm supposed to be studying for similarities. 




 r/MURICA 




 hahahahahaha I am filing that idiom away for later use. Thank you. 




 Mild Death is one of the better side effects to have listed on your product. FDA approves that stuff in a heartbeat anyway. 




 I thought they only turned laterally or extended up and down, but I don't know anything about submarines beyond playing Wolfpack back in the 90's 




 I wonder how the captain felt about that.

I imagine being in his shoes.. "We didn't really do the right thing with this war, so while I was disappointed that we never sunk targets, I was also relieved that no blood was on my hands, neither foreign nor my own men." 




 YUP. 




 Did somebody blink? 




 You gotta love how the machine calls him an S.O.B. by default. 




 Proper.

I always come to upvote ones that don't just mention buttholes and genitalia. 




 She never triggers me. I think people are just entranced by her appearance and get triggered by that. 




 The wrinkles that he does have are deeply etched enough for me to believe that I am seeing a man who never eats to gorge, always does his stretching, and probably drinks a lot of tea and consumes herbs and roots. He is indeed quite old. 




 Freudian Slip is a feature, not a bug ~~~ 




 /b/ 




 YES. Loved this game. The stunt level was so good with those cooling tower shaped obstacles. I scored a 30x barrel roll one time.. ludicrous. 




 This is good news, since Fukushima will need the same operation very very soon. 




 Yea duly noted. 




 That seems like a great way to compromise your sources on a day like this. Yeah sure, let's have them all listed out loud while everyone is combing for your data. 




 Welp. 




 #1 Reminds me of the U.S. Civil Flag but without the vertical stripes. 




 One of the bigger messes in recent memory.. 




 This sounds hilarious (sic). Update us. I stopped taking piracetam because it was expensive and didn't work much on its own. 




 AKAI EIE PRO
Good for the price, but I was spoiled by the incredibly low latency of my last internal card. Nonetheless I can push a lot of live processing without any hiccups. Preamps are great, separate in/out mix levels and main amp separate of the headphones is pretty awesome too. Been really nice for recording vocals and monitoring a track simultaneously.

I managed to pick it up for $180 when the list was $240 everywhere else and it was in perfect condition so I cannot complain. Using it with a Blue Mic, FL Studio 11, Kaoss Pad, SP-202 and 404, Omnichord, Guitar, Bass, you name it. 




 He must be getting better K. 




 Oh shit it's Turok.
"Suspect is armed, tripping, and has Tek Arrows. Extreme caution is advised." 




 100% of Yelp reviews are written by Type A Colicky Douchebags.
I always figured they were some kind of strongarming mechanism.

Longmont Potion Castle - Negative Feedback
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhMnK_WLd2w 




 Hi Arthur. 




 I wonder what will come of the Masquerade... I hope the succeeding owners, whoever they are, aren't stiffs. 




 I love how this subreddit is evenly distributed among the sarcastic and the jingoist with basically no dividing line.

This is the one subreddit that I'm pretty sure would result in a massive brawl if it met up physically. 




 Biggest problem with amplified in my opinion is that you can't really mine for any useful minerals above the normal elevations. Iron should be spawning well above sea level regularly and it doesn't. You still end up having to go all the way down to the bottom to get any good mining operations going so it kind of kills the high in the sky vibe for me. 




 I've found witch huts in amplified on 13w38a, b, and c, but it came with the realization that swamps are fairly unimpressive in amplified. I want some spires with long vines or something. 




 Wow that's cool that they live for a few years. Are you going to raise them or just keep the one?

How difficult is it to raise a brood of them? 




 Thank you kind Sir. 




 ur interstices re engrg_d 




 Came here to make sure someone posted this. 




