 Kill the dog and the owner, bury them in the woods. 




 "The amazing thing about the national budget process is that no one knows how it works." 




 First opening to FMA:B 




 Well without butters there wouldn't be a southpark.  It's all just a figment of his imagination. 




 Ya seriously they need someone like her.  Someone who doesn't care about the party line. Someone who just cares about the people. 




 Mac miller.  Douche bag passed out on stage.  Everyone in was there with went "OMG he went so hard he passed out".  I'm like "bullshit, guy is a bitch." 




 And that should tell you all you need to know about Jeb bush. 




 Whaddup my knitta! 




 Hey man I would totally be down for a viewing party.  Record the first couple episode then over the next couple weeks get the word so more people show. 




 1. TTGL
2. SAO
3. Fullmetal alchemist brotherhood.
4. Attack on titan 
5. Samurai Champloo 




 Ha sorry guys I didn't think anyone would ask.  From the top down: boker kwaiken, leatherman crater, buck nobleman, spyderco tenacious, Mtech stiletto and i don't know what the last one is.   




 Boker kwaiken. 




 Buck Nobleman 









 You saved their lives.  Keep up the good work! 




 First ark was perfect, they kinda dropped the ball on the second ark.  Good show, could have been great. 




 I think he used that knife because of how simplistic the handle was. There isn't a lot of nooks and crannies for blood to sit and dry and it looks really easy to clean.  Perfect for a serial killer with morals. 




 I always loved the spyro games.  Would be pretty cool to see a reboot of that. 




 Somebody told me that you're already married and confined to a wheelchair. 




 I love this.  I'm gonna steal this, this is mine now.   




 I just love the simplicity of the styling.  




 I just bought a kwaiken, I literally cannot wait until it gets here. 




 Looks like a tactical-fillet knife. 




 I would have to say the boker kwaiken.  




 I'm the maverick. 




 I think living in The Last Airbender universe would be pretty great.  A beautiful world with deep, fleshed out characters and being able to bend the elements.   




 Exactly!  He'd never suspect a thing! 




 Jump his ass, steal his weed and just to add insult to Injury give him a nice kiss on the cheek. 




 This is a great solution to a problem that shouldn't even have existed. 




 What you said makes alot more sense. 




 The souls in the underworld aren't copies of people walking outside.  It's an incredibly sophisticated machine that replicates human emotion though quantum computing.  I think they called it the world's first top-down AI or something like that. 




 Forget it, kinda drunk. 




 Ha! That was good. 




 Stick....stick your dick in it. 




 Why was he in the movie to begin with? 




 Procrastination.  I really need to put those college applications in. 




 Projectfreetv.com 




 I'm stupid, it has to be within the universe.  I would choose bran. 




 Mcgyver.  It would be interesting to say the least. 




 I thought corners are a man made invention.  I didn't think they existed naturally. 




