






























































































 Good god, you're like my evil twin in reverse!

I was born in Chicago and escaped to Hawaii as soon as I finished college. Have been going back and forth from Honolulu and Tokyo ever since! 




 You've got waaaaay too much time on your hands! 




  This is a shit bot

I'm waiting for the Thisisashitbot to chime in in 5...4...3... 




 Thank goodness! 

? 

Maybe:~) 




  Or large predators!

?

Ever been in a club in Waikiki? 




  The hiking meetups are low-key and well worth your time to make.

If you suddenly notice a very strange new face in the next few months...don't panic. Just move away slowly and keep your hands and feet away from it's mouth:~) 




 Let's say I moved to Chicago and couldn't find a job. All I have to do is to pack everything in the car and drive to the next city over.

In Hawaii, your options are limited and it takes a pretty big chunk of change to get over there, let alone return back to wherever it is you came from if things bottom out. 




  You can always check /r/hawaiijobs!

I'm there looking in three weeks so please fill this bad boy up!! 




 Is that smoke from the burning pitchforks I smell?! 




  My RES

I'm afraid to wonder what you've got me tagged as! 




 I lurked here at first because, as some of you may know, I've been living between Honolulu and Tokyo for quite some time now, but due to my family situation, most of that time has been spent here in Tokyo.

Don't get me wrong, I love Japan, it's just that I really prefer to be in Hawaii, *especially* when I'm not actually *in* Hawaii!

Yes, Hawaii drives me nuts at times, but that's the difference between living there and just visiting.

Coming here has helped to keep me grounded, still feeling like I'm part of the community.

Even though posting pics was kind of frowned upon when I first started coming here, thankfully, the community has become more open and flexible to most things Hawaii.

Now, a big change is happening in my life because, unless something majorly bad happens, I'll be coming back to stay from the first week of August.

Because I haven't actually been living full time in Hawaii, every time I went back there, I never went on the internet, spent most of my time in the water and/or walking around.

Now, I hope to balance things out a bit and I hope to become more of an irregular regular here. I want to give back those feel-goods to those of you who are lurking and wished they were actually in Hawaii.
 


































 May I play with them?! 




  Well, if this just doesn't sound like a terrible idea with pretty transparent spin control.

Oh? This sentance...

"This information will then be passed on to hotels, restaurants, hospitals **and other institutions in Japan.**"

...doesn't raise any red flags for me. 



















 Thanks for sharing:~) 





























  Well I am guilty of having 500 alter accounts.

UniGaseouspartdeux? 




  I'd get north of a couple thousand hits on a top post.

Sorry, that was me. I...I...I like pushing buttons:~) 




  Ah, trolls. XD

Not trolls, menehune! 




  WE DID IT REDDIT!

These words strike fear into the fiercest of Warriors!  










































































 Ok, I'm in Tokyo right now and it's 34c/93f and we've got about 67% humidity. I'll be back home the first week of August...so...is it possible to ditch the muggy air by then please!! 








































































































 Thank you /u/moonpurr, /u/hawaiithaibro, and /u/fern420.

As you may already know, I wasn't born in Hawaii and didn't attend school here, so when I first moved here in the 90's, I did my best to read as much as I could about Hawaii and ask everyone as many questions when I could, at the proper times.

I don't try to "be Hawaiian", but I sure as heck try to "be local." And what I mean by that is taking some pride in the fact that my kids were born here, go to school here and we all need to be aware of Hawaii's past, so that we can have some sort of future here.

 

















































 Title is directly from the story, it's the first paragraph. 




 I'm sure you'll be glowing after you spark this up! 



























































 Do tell, where's this at? 



















 No need to worry, because we would *never* do that to /u/carmabound, right?! 









