 Mrhhrmhhrmrhrm 




 You could scratch your back, for example. 




 Talk to your advisor and the head of your department about your options. Get their advice. 




 If you can, you need to take it easy, relax, and clear your head. Recharge your batteries. 




 At the end, was really hoping he would shove the sandwich into his chest, so that he could eat a giant sandwich. 




 Reading "Geometry of Multivariate Statistics" and wondering why linear regression, F-tests, anova, pca, fa, and cca aren't always taught using the geometry of vector spaces. 




 After taking a gender-science association test here: https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/Study?tid=-1 I'm inclined to agree with you. 




 Try some documentaries, like the original Cosmos hosted by Carl Sagan, any of David Attenborough's "Life of X", Planet Earth, Blue Planet, and Nova. Avoid documentaries with overly simplified content or CGI content like the "Walking with" series, which as much as I love, are not as objective and easier to reject. Stick to the more objective, critically acclaimed, documentaries with "real" content. 




 It was one of many fan theories about Amon's identity before it was revealed. 




 Amon is Azula. 




 This is why we don't let women create tv shows. 




 And he's exactly what white cisgender boys should be like. Which is kinda the point. 




 Holy shit! 19 years?! 




 You don't really need that much bio/chem, just the basics, which I assume you've covered if you've taken intro bio. A review of the molecular and genetics chapters of any intro bio text is good enough. 




 Bugs are efficient protein. The rodents and hairs, not so much. 




 Question: What would happen if Rose and embryo Steven fused? 




 "And that's human-gem babies are born." 




 That's pretty standard. 




 Lion 5: Age of Ultron. 




 LOL that last one. 




 Is your name Tetsuo? 




 But with her complete knowledge, she would be able to combat those mistakes in real-time. 




 We all know that the series finale will involve Steven fusing together with every human and gem in the series in to one singular orgy-porgy of an ever-present god-like sentience. Steven Universe is fated to end in a human/gem instrumentality. 




 Human cloning. 




 Not currently. 




 Tardigrade 




 I think we still evolve in fundamentally the same way all organisms evolve. We interact with our environment, change our environment, and that affects gene x environment interactions, which effects the frequency of genes. But all organisms interact with their environment, all organisms construct niches around them. Culture is not new, in the sense that other mammals and birds have limited cultural feedbacks with their environment. I think what's different about humans is the *scale* at which alter the environment through our culture. Whether that counts as a fundamental change kinda depends. We aren't the first organisms to manipulate the environment, but we do do it better than any other organisms. The *real* fundamental change in our evolution is yet to come, and happens when due to our understanding of evolution and our own genetics, we intervene in our own evolution using genetic therapy and engineering. That's a fundamentally novel evolutionary process that has never been seen in nature. 




 I agree. I don't really buy the argument that evolution has changed "fundamentally"--it's still the same evolution. Other animals also have culture, in a more limited sense, so really, the question needs to be changed to define exactly what is human specific about our culture and what does it mean for there to be a fundamental change in evolution. 




 Not only that, but you're impeding their egress, which slows them down AND slows you down since you STILL have to wait for them to get off. No one benefits. 




 It's a pretty good review of basic concepts for analysis, I think I would have liked this about halfway through my course. 




 Definitely Kristen Stewart in Twilight. 




 Lotion. 




 This is the darkest timeline. - Trance Gemini 




 Ada. As in Lovelace. 




 Meanwhile, developments in machine learning, statistical inference, and information theoretic interpretations of natural selection move forward... no math lol. 




 *Thaaaanks Obama.* - Qatar 




 Better Call Saul. 




 Eh, fruit has sugars. 




 It's like they have so little land there's no where to put them in the ground. So they keep on living. 









 *Cumingtonite* 




 My layman impression is that this is true of deep learning algorithms; it's not really understood *why* they work so well on a fundamental level, but because they work so well in practice they are increasingly used in many machine learning applications, i.e. they're the state-of-the-art for image recognition (computer vision) tasks, and many other tasks. Researchers go back after the fact to try to figure out what representations the algorithm actually learned. 




 Approved by Disco MILF. 




 No. Give us your first born gem. 




 Your comment has nothing to do with what I said, so I don't understand the purpose of your question or followup. My response was to a comment about the gaming community as a whole (to quote: "gaming world" and "everyone and anyone playing video games"). My comment was a disagreement on the statement "everyone and anyone playing video games is going to be harassed and it doesn't matter if you're male or female." To be very very very explicit about what I meant in my comment (because apparently, there's some confusion, though I don't know why), I disagree that it doesn't matter, because it seems clear that the most repeated phrases used in video gaming culture to harass other players are, in their very substance, anti-female and anti-lgbt, e.g. "get raped", "suck a dick". How that connects up with your reply is beyond me, as I never said anything concerning Smash specifically. 




 Now, if only there were other body parts we could damage to help with sexism. 




 But it does matter when the substance of the harassment is anti-women and anti-lgbt. 




 Clearly the solution is scissor fights. 




 *megatons 




 I don't disagree, but that doesn't mean that we don't have to face challenges from both over and under fertility. I never said that the solution to under fertility is to raise fertility. The reality is that while solutions to over population are easy to think of, the problems of long-term under fertility do not present an obvious solution. The 21st century faces a dual population problem. 




  It is important to talk about reducing fertility and reducing consumption

I don't disagree. I completely agree that we need to reduce consumption everywhere. I also agree that we need to reduce fertility *in underdeveloped countries*. There's no real need to reduce fertility in developed countries, when almost every developed country in the world is now at under-replacement level fertility (less than 2.1 births per women) and continues to fall to almost *half* that of replacement fertility in some Asian and Western European countries. Most people in the public have naive notions of demography that do not concur with what demographers, developmental economists, anthropologists, and other people who study populations for a living understand them to be. Most developed countries do not have a long-term overfertility problem, but an underfertility problem (see P.S.). That said, I agree that *world* overpopulation is still a problem, but when we talk about it, people need to agree that the real problem of overpopulation is the *delay in completing the demographic transition in underdeveloped Africa and Asia*. The *natural course of development is a reduction of mortality followed by a reduction in fertility*. The magnitude of the problem of population growth comes from the *how long fertility decline lags behind mortality decline*. The long-term problem is whether Africa develops in 100 years or 200 years, the difference in time meaning a difference in billions of people when world population finally stops growing. The best way to speed that along is promoting women's rights, education, jobs, and reproductive choice.

P.S. The 21st century will be the century of both *over* AND *under* population problems simultaneously. The challenge is to develop the means to support 8-12 billion people sustainably without destroying the environment, while also dealing with the fact that there will be tons of old people around, failures of social security, shrinking economies, rising senior medical costs, and unemployment. Unfortunately, as with many problems, trying to solve one problem produces others. 




 Sure, but it's not like population decline isn't *also* a huge problem: collapse of social security, shrinking economies, rising unemployment, rising medical expenses. 




  And though I think women deserve access to education and jobs in developing countries, I also realize that the more people there are living a Western lifestyle, the more pressure there is on all the things I value, listed in a previous comment.

The only solution to this is to give women access to education and jobs without delay while also promoting lower consumption. The problem right now is high fertility and low mortality. This is due to the lag of women's reproductive rights (which reduces fertility) following widespread women's reproductive care (which reduces infant mortality). Either we move forward with improving women's reproductive rights, by promoting education and jobs, without delay, OR we kill more people (babies and old people) OR we do nothing and prolong the lag phase dynamics of the demographic transition in underdeveloped countries resulting in a higher number of people in the world in the long-term. The first one is the only reasonable strategy. There's no "although". 




 What do you want us to do? Kill billions of people? There are only two viable actions we can take: (1) empower women in underdeveloped areas of the world with education, jobs, reproductive rights, sexual education, and contraception--this is the surest way to reduce fertility in the long run, and is the reason why fertility is so low in highly developed countries; (2) reduce per capita consumption in every way we can while developing technologies to reduce our impact on the world.

The fact is we're stuck with 8+ billion people for the next few centuries (it'll grow beyond that but then shrink), and we need learn to live like that. It doesn't matter if you *think* there *should* be 4 billion people in the world, it won't happen this century. 




 Most highly developed nations have very low birth rates. It's a pretty universal correlate of development. http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.TFRT.IN?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last sort=asc 




 http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.TFRT.IN?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last sort=asc

Interesting. For reference, a fertility of 2.1 per woman is generally accepted as replacement fertility. 




 Yup, agrarian society - children make economic sense. Wealth flows from child to parent. (Edit: Also, it makes sense from a bet-hedging perspective). Modern society - children do not make economic sense. Wealth flows from parent to child. 




 Then we're gonna end up like Japan. A ton of old people, but with even worse support systems for the elderly. 




 Death. 




 Sorry. You're not an idiot. Your suggestion is a good one. 




  TIL. But to be fair, Lamarck got it all wrong. Just so wrong. Darwin was the first to come up with the correct theory of evolution. Lamarck doesn't really count.

That's what I said. You're statement was still wrong. Darwin did not discover "evolution". 




  He came up with evolution.

No he didn't. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_evolutionary_thought
Darwin was not the first to propose or observe that animals change over time, far from it. Lamarck's hypotheses predate Darwin by many decades, and while wrong, they concern how evolution happens. You are correct in saying that Darwin and Wallace independently came up with natural selection, the first people to realize the true underlying explanation for evolution, but they were obviously not the first to come up with evolution itself.

 He was one of the first to realize that life in the animal kingdom was a game of eat or be eaten, and that only the strongest survive.

C'mon, "survival of the strongest" is false, and "survival of the fittest" is also false, and "reproduction of the fittest" is a truism. These are all terrible descriptions of natural selection.  




 Sitting down to pee. It's relaxing. 




 Are you telling corn kernels are eggs??? 




 And my axe... 




 Similarly, Sunday comes from Son Goku Day. 




 There are direct to consumer products for this, i.e. 23andme and Ancestry.com provide ancestry information. 




 Yeah, you don't really have anything to gain by choosing the other strategy. 




 Hate hate hate indecent breasts. If you're gonna show me your breasts, they better be decent. 




 AIDS. 




 Not really serious, but near sightedness (myopia). 




 Ass. 




 Then they'd be put to death by spoon. 




 My point is that living past expected life span results in *probabilistic* diseases (e.g. cancer), not deterministic biological events (e.g. menopauase). 




 Dude, you're fine. 




 Shrug, do you have any reasons not to? 




 Of course, this is after you've decided to attend. 




 Don't those people tend to come from evolutionary biology, human genetics, or genomics programs than they do from anthropology programs? 




  The hard sciences don't seem to have the same hang-up.

Could it be due to anthropology papers being far less cited, so citations are not as useful of a metric as in science? As someone who works in a lab that does human evolution from genomics, it's a bit discouraging, given that there have been recent calls among human evolutionary genomicists for greater integration with anthropological research. 




 Ultraporn. 




 When you keep other species in captivity, their life expectancy also improves, yet they never go through anything analogous to menopause, they never stop being able to reproduce. This begs the question, why does this happen in humans? I can not conceive of a reason why females genetically should have a timer which starts at menarche and ends at menopause. Your suggestion that it coincides with life expectancy is a correlation, and doesn't suggest a causal mechanism for why humans are quite different from other mammals. The high prevalence of cancer in human populations is *also* a consequence of us now having a very long lifespan--with age comes more time for a probabilistic failure in cell regulation systems. Yet this is not what we see in menopause. Menopause is not a probabilistic failure of biological systems which grows more probable with age. It is a universal event in females, that happens consistently around the same time.

My other point is to reiterate what was said by the other redditor. Life expectancy statistics doesn't say much of anything about the proportion of the population which lives to old age. It's just mean age, and is primarily skewed downwards by infant mortality. 




 You're conflating concepts. The difference in (any trait) between populations is a difference in *mean*. The genetic concept of *heritability* is an analysis of *variance*. Also what has ignorance have to do with brain size? And how is ignorance equated to lack of education, and thus, how is lack of education heritable to future generations? I suppose this is true in a socioculturaleconomic sense, but now we have multiple concepts being conflated. The question as proposed is inconsistent. 




  No it doesn't. That's not how it works. Traits aren't automatically selected 'for' if they're not selected 'against', or vice versa. That's like saying humans have two eyes because there is selection against three eyes!

It is true that a trait that is selective non-deleterious is not selective beneficial (because they could be neutral). However, I don't see where they are making a Panglossian fallacy. It is certainly true that menopause is a derived trait and that it's evolution is an interesting phenomena in that it would seem to reduce fitness and would be selected against--hence, why they review both non-adaptive (antagonistic pleiotropy) and adaptive hypotheses. Your "eye" analogy is poor, life-history evolution is pervasive and not constrained by development, while the number of eyes is constrained. Also, there's an extensive literature on the evolution of menopause in humans.  




 Do you have examples of such models? 




 Thanks. I do think that there will be a place for systems that act like humans in the sense of apple's Siri or a nursing robot--essentially greater penetration of machines into service jobs. I agree that they may never have true human-like experiences or creative abilities or free will, just advanced tools where the task is to provide services to humans through a NLP user interface. 




 What do you see as the biggest advance in evolutionary biology research in recent years? What are you most excited about for the field of evo bio going forward? 




 Carver 




 Thanks 




 We now have good genomes of modern humans closest relatives, the Neanderthals and Denisovans. It would be completely unethical to clone them, but it should be possible scientifically, and I think the result of observing them would radically change our perspective on human evolution and what it means to be human. I would love to know if they can use language and how they might experience the world in a way that was very similar to us yet perhaps also in ways that are extremely different. 




 The amount of meta reddit here just made me ... *happy* 




 What's your opinion on the following: My opinion is that he far more likely path to truly super-human intelligence is not through AI from scratch but through AI by augmentation of existing human brains, either as cyborgs with mechanical enhancements, or through genetic means at conception. It's far easier to start from what we know works than to build an intelligence from scratch. At the very least, there is a market for people who want to be smarter or who want smarter children, if such were available. 




 Sloppy joes for the little kiddies at school. 




 No, just ... bear. 









 Unfortunately I don't work with networks myself. 




 Thank you for your comments. 




 I should also mention game theory in studies of the evolution of cooperation/selfishness. 




 A good book to get is 'practical computing for biologists'. Python is overtaking Perl among biologists, and others probably have better recs than I have. Try http://swirlstats.com/students.html for learning R. 




 Population genetics is a very math heavy field in biology, with lots of mathematical models, probability theory, and statistical inference. Network theory, dynamical theory, and stochastic processes are important in many biological fields, including epidemiology, ecology, and cell/molecular biology, etc. There are a lot of interesting algorithmic developments right now in computational biology especially due to genomic technologies. tl;dr there are lots of applied mathematics, statistics, and computer science applications in biology. 




 Thanks for your perspective. Two things, it seems that if EEB students do know what they want to research, that does not facilitate rotations, when the small number of PI's who do the research they want to do rarely cluster in the same institution--moreover, the risk of misjudging a lab seems to make EEB students research their options more carefully, compared to a CMB student researching a program which might have faculty of interest but no guarantee of a position in their lab. While, there also seems to be a risk on the CMB side of not rotating through any "right" labs but having committed to a program, or is that just rare (rarer than EEB students who misjudge labs)? 




 Some other uses of computation (overlapping a lot with your suggestions): high throughout data gathering and analysis (e.g. next-generation sequencing studies, GIS for biogeography), simulations of evolutionary models for theoretical studies (e.g. simulating evolutionary dynamics), doing computationally-intensive Bayesian inference or machine learning (e.g. clustering for identifying population structure in genetic data). 




 Ah, yeah, good points. 




 But every state except Hawaii is north of the Tropic of Cancer. 




 If you want to do NLP, shouldn't you want to go to a program where you can interact with other people doing NLP? I'm not familiar with the admissions culture of CS to give comment on whether it would hurt your admissions chances, as that's somewhat program/field dependent. 




 I've definitely noticed the difference in personalities, but the insight on labor demands is new to me, and makes a lot of sense to me. I'd add that, at least in ecology, having an 'off-field' season probably means a lot more flexibility in structuring your time around analyzing data and writing, thinking about big questions, and professional development. 




 For example, the idea of doing rotations to find a lab seems extremely stressful to me, I don't really understand it.

Edit: I do have my own opinions on this matter (from my own biased EEB experiences), but am interested in other perspectives. 




 The reality is that the balloon metaphor is just that, a metaphor. The fact that space itself is expanding defies common sense intuition yet we know it to be true. This shouldn't be surprising; physics has again and again shown that the universe does not behave like what our intuition based on our limited sensual experiences would suggests. General relativity and quantum mechanics have many phenomena we know are true but which completely defy our intuition. An actual balloon can only expand into another space, yet the universe does not--all of space itself exists in a finite volume but that volume is getting bigger. There is no "space" outside of space, in the same way that there is no "time" before the beginning of time. Our intuition suggests space and time are infinite, but they are not, and if you think about it, there's no a priori reason they can't be finite. 









 Would they really make the most jobs? Seems like nuclear would employ the least number of people per gigawatt. 




