 Why not just go one step further? Percentage systems, by your reasoning, are the absolute best. You literally just decide a percentage and *that's the percentage*. 

That "easy to figure out" thing you just explained is about 100 times more complicated than 2d6. I don't have to figure out percentages. With a smaller range (and thus, smaller, more meaningful bonuses), and most of the die rolls falling in the middle of the range, you can simply say "This is a hard door" and it's the same difficulty no matter what level the players are. And because of the distribution of die rolls being in the middle of the range, players can actually count on doing pretty well most of the time. 

The only d20 games that I enjoy playing (for the game itself, I can have fun with anything if I have the right people), is Cypher System and D D5e. 

Cypher System isn't even a real d20 (I run it all the time using d6s, and I barely have to change anything). It increases or decreases difficulty in increments of 3 (roughly 15% change in success), and it *still* feels way to swingy from that huge d20 die. The thing that really makes it excusable is that you can expend effort to lower the difficulty of a task, and you can burn points to reroll a bad roll, giving the player a bit of control over their fate.

D D5e does an okay job of getting rid of the problems of a d20 with Inspiration and Advantage/Disadvantage. Most of the time it's essentially a 2d20DL system, and has a much different distribution of results than say, 3.5/PF or 4e. Also, for anyone reading this, I highly recommend bumping the max number of Inspiration to 3. You can thank me later. 




 I think the Sith see that more as a guideline than an actual rule. Like pirates. 




 Except that then the dice don't matter. I like to have skill and luck matter.

Also, unless you point out a specific game system, this conversation is too general to really make any real sense. 




 Other people nailed it. I think someone who knows what they are doing is going to do what they do most of the time, and rarely have it be spectacularly bad or good. With a single die system, and especially a large die like a d20, whether you are good at something almost never comes up; it's mostly whether or not you were lucky.

Now, for some games I actually like the crazy swingy die of death (like in Paranoia), but for a serious long term campaign, 2d6 lets players feel like they are more in control of their own fate, but there is still some luck going on to spice things up. 




 We should make this a guessing game for mobile users. 




 2d6 dice system, two class system, tactical combat, flexible narrative control for players, ridiculous number of options for players to customize their characters, amazing setting, magic that doesn't trump martial characters even at high levels, genuinely non-vancian magic, exciting combats that don't take several hours, and that's enough for now [Iron Kingdoms](/spoiler)

Using descriptions of things as actual rules benefits and penalties [Fate](/spoiler)

An attempt at bounded accuracy [D D 5e](/spoiler)

A detailed system for generating star systems, and a system for players to develop their own faction to interact with other interstellar factions [Stars Without Number](/spoiler)

I unique dice system that generates narrative during combat with non-linear results [Star Wars: Edge of the Empire](/spoiler)

A simple core mechanic that allows the GM to create content on the fly with ease [Cypher System](/spoiler)

A GM-less universe-building system with the ability to cooperatively create a timeline of thousands of years [Microscope RPG](/spoiler) 




 Aside from the shoulder, you can also glue his wrist to his hip. You might even be able to bend it a bit so you can glue the edge of the sword to the base. If you are having problems with that arm, you might want to be careful with the other pieces too. That bird is awfully precarious on his arm.

If you absolutely don't want it coming loose, you'll need to pin it. 




 [It sounds amazing.](https://youtu.be/hEB5FlAI_2I)

edit: oh, sorry for the Disney Star Wars spoilers. 




 For running games for your friends that don't live nearby, it's great. I had been using a number of other options for virtual tabletops and kept bouncing around looking for one that was reliable. Once I found roll20 I haven't needed to look for another since. It had the most important things I was looking for: stability, and ease of use (for the players, at least). I had problems with so many other VTTs, and it got so bad I almost gave up entirely, but roll20 is just what I need. It also has a lot of really nice features, like character sheets and macros, that are a nice bonus. I have ran D D 4e/5e, Gamma World, Numenera, Fate, Rogue Trader, Iron Kingdoms, Stars Without Number, and numerous homebrew systems without any problems on there. Some worked a little better than others, but usually it just took a little more work for some of them to start running smooth.

Finding random internet people to play with is a different thing though. You may as well plan it as a one-shot, because you will probably lose about 60% of your group every month or so. It's just the nature of the thing. It's also very hard to get people you can really connect with. It's not bad to scratch an itch, but it's not the same as playing with a real group. I'm not saying it's not possible to make friends on the internet and have it turn into a real group, it just doesn't normally go that way. 




 I was like you.

I picked all of them. 




 I love doing this kind of thinking. It works so great to really give otherworldly beings a sense of the unknowable.

Examples:

All of a sudden, the alien "attacks" stop outside a certain area. It's possible to sneak into the area, but if the aliens catch you, it's a quick and brutal death, with your corpse discarded just outside the area. = We try to clear our house of ants, and if we see one, we squish it and throw it outside (or in the garbage).

You seem to make somewhat friendly contact with an alien. It doesn't seem to understand you, but follows you, watching you, and then for seemingly no reason, starts trying to kill you. = Kids watch ants, and kill them, basically at random. 

Aliens have been abducting people (with no real rhyme or reason as to who they take), doing strange tests, and keeping the bodies in a storage facility. Occasionally they will bring out one of the older abductees, do more tests, and put them back, but for the most part they just keep them in storage and observe them. = People having butterfly collections.

Settlers struggling to survive in an alien land find food left out for them from aliens that otherwise have avoided all contact. It turns out to be poisonous. At first it's unsure whether it was intentional or just a misunderstanding. That is, until death machines fly overhead spraying aerosolized toxins all over the settlement. = Leaving pest poison out, and when that doesn't work, spraying for them. 




 Not to "out" them (NDA being a possible thing), but I happen to know that one of my local stores gets PP stuff exactly 60% of retail. 




 Whipblade covered your question pretty good, but I actually recommend getting the adventure kit box. You can look at the rules and adventure it comes with [here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery). That's all the written material from the box for free. I got the box anyway. The minis alone are worth the price for me, but the map tiles are really great too, and it gives you a mini rulebook to pass around during the game. 

Also, if you are talking about the [Undercity](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/board-games/the-undercity) game coming out it August, it's not *directly* compatible. It's a board game, and while the rules look like they are very similar to the RPG, they are almost definitely not compatible. However, it's going to have *tons* of minis, and probably the same quality map tiles as the adventure kit. 

[Here](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf)'s a link to the other IKRPG starter adventure. I recommend running one or both of them to see how you like it, and then going from there. 




 You're going into a pretty hazy area of definition that doesn't really work with the alignment system. In reality, my alignment is a many layered thing, that changes depending on the specific topic at hand. Evil isn't even something that can really be defined as an absolute all or nothing thing.

Essentially, I don't think anyone else is qualified to be in control. I put myself above absolutely everyone else because I don't trust anyone. If given the opportunity to seize power by force, I would take it. Would I use that power for good? Maybe, but all the good I would accomplish would come at a terrible cost, and I would almost certainly use it for some evil. 

The problem with this being neutral is what is left for evil? Only people who are maniacal psychotics qualify as evil? Aren't they probably just incapable of empathy? Doesn't that make them less instead of more culpable than someone who knows the pain they are causing and doing it anyway? I would think that that makes them no longer on a scale of human morality, that since they can't perceive good, they can't be judged by it. Like a rabid dog who kills a child. You have to stop it, even though it's not evil. Is killing a madman hurting him or helping him? Would locking him up be more or less torturous? Who decides if he deserves more or less torture?

I can call myself evil because I don't hold myself to such a high regard that I can believe I am without guilt, without sin, without a trail of darkness stemming from my actions, regardless of my intentions. I don't have enough information to judge others, I have only enough information to judge myself. If I come out at the end of this life as neutral, it is due to outside circumstances affording me that privilege, as I am willing to commit evil. 




 What do you think it needed for social interaction that it doesn't have? Is there a game that you can point to that you would say does it right? 




 I still don't understand when people say this. I have a couple problems with IKRPG, none of which are lack of non-combat options. What would you say it doesn't have rules for?  Also, what is an example of a game that has what you are looking for in terms of non-combat rules? 




 Since absolutely no one else is saying it, I'm going to point out the only time playing canon characters is fun: pre-mades. If it's a one-shot, I think it'd be perfectly fine to hand out sheets of the really cool guys that people would recognize. Anything else though, and no one is going to like it. 




 I also have a half-and-half Kromac. My Molik Karn and Corollary are the same way. I actually really like how it cuts the weight down. I haven't tried painting any of them yet, so I can't say for sure if I'll notice a difference, but I don't think there'll be any problems. 




 Genocide, slavery, and oppression aren't evil? Sweet. I'm going to call Hitler and Stalin and tell them they weren't that bad. 

Believing you are good while you do the same thing as someone who knows they are evil does not make you less evil. 




 Lawful Evil, and I'm the good guy.

The world needs someone to control it to keep it from tearing itself apart. To insure your future, some freedoms must be surrendered.  




 I'm a big Searforge fan, so #49 was awesome to me.  




 Microscope RPG 




 Here's what I do, for any kind of check: if they roleplay well, waive the roll. 

If someone gives an inspiring speech, I don't make them roll, it just works (because it was inspiring). 

If someone tackles a guy off a balcony to crash into another guy below, it just works (because it was awesome).

The dice should only really be brought in when you aren't sure what would be cooler, failure or success.  




 People don't suggest removing Strength to encourage roleplaying because you don't have random heavy objects laying about to physically get out of your seat and lift to see whether or not you succeed (at least I don't).

However, I have to agree that removing the stat is a bad idea. Not everyone is naturally charismatic, or intelligent, or wise, but that doesn't mean their character can't be. 

I **do** think rewarding people who bring those kinds of special skills to the table is a good idea, though. I usually waive the roll if they roleplay well, and that's for any of the attributes (even Strength).  




 I recommend using the [Iron Kingdoms RPG](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf) rules to run Eberron. I've done it before, and it makes for a grittier, more "war-torn" feel.  




 Thanks.

That's life. I've had a lot of really great games end before their time, it's just how things go.

 




 They had to contend with other businesses doing shady things to put them out of business, deal with criminal elements trying to use their club as a place of "business", keep corrupt political officials off their back, handle shipping problems for their product, and then deal with trying to make customers happy (or keep them from wrecking the place); all while managing the money in order to make a profit. 

I think the key to keeping it entertaining was having very "colorful" enemies that the players couldn't really just kill off. I based their profits on how well the handled the little side quests. If it went well, profits went up, if it went okay, they stayed the same, and if it went bad, it caused a dip in their bottom line. I told them if their profit got low enough they would have to shut down, but it never came to that.

They were getting really big with clubs in four major cities, but we had 2 of the 4 people drop out of the game because of real life. I was working on converting the Stars Without Number faction mechanics to get them into an international "corporation" sort of game, but I didn't get to try it out.  




 I ran a game for a while where the players were nightclub owners. 

Other than that, I have to agree that PP has most of it covered. 




 I couldn't help but think of [this](https://youtu.be/a_NirAeZqig). 




 Damn, Doomy makes a great Gul'dan.


edit: makes me want to do a Gul'Doomy, with a Mulg Infernal.

edit2: I see you went for Pyre Troll Infernal, nice.

edit3: Well shit, I just noticed you're the Borderlands Warmachine guy. I love your stuff. 




 I was hoping someone mentioned IKRPG here. 

People have actually been doing this already with IKRPG (myself included): [link](http://privateerpressforums.com/showthread.php?122017-Warmachine-munda) [link](http://privateerpressforums.com/showthread.php?32410-Gangs-of-Five-Fingers)

Necromunda was basically this a long time ago, and it's ridiculously fun.  




 I've had too many problems with it starting arguments over what actually happens with real world physics. One guy will quote his high school physics teacher, another will cite an article he read, and another guy will bring up a Mythbusters episode, all with different beliefs as to what would happen. This is an even bigger problem when it comes to combat. I ran a game with a veteran and an MMA fighter, and they would interrupt the game to demonstrate how they were right on each other. It was still fun, but I don't think I could handle doing it again.

Since I am not a physicist (or any kind of real world warrior), and I don't routinely interact with action oriented physics, I stick to what I know: movie physics. Besides, explosive decompression is so much cooler than what really happens. 




 This could actually be really cool. I'm not going to put any time or effort into setting it up, but I'd definitely run a couple one-shots for it for the opportunity to play in a few.

I am worried that the online IKRPG community is pretty damn small, and it would probably end up being the same as if you had a sandbox West-Marches style game with maybe two GMs. 




 I'm interested. 




 I absolutely agree with you. 




 It all depends on the kind of game you are going for. If you are going for hyper-realistic hard scifi, then that sort of thing is fine. 

However, when I run scifi games, I make sure to tell people I'm using movie physics, not real-world physics, and what works is based more on whether or not it sounds cool and makes the game interesting. 




 I did. I've been hooked ever since. 




 Aside from the problem everyone else has pointed out (the fact that you are basically reinventing the wheel), I'm going to address the actual issue you talked about. 

Having a rules system without a setting means that it's not going to work for any setting without adjustments. Unless you are planning on including guides for all of that too, it's probably best to pick a setting that it works best for and go with that. People can always ignore the setting and use the system if they want to use it for another setting.

Odds are, if the rules you have are any good, they are probably best for a fairly specific setting. If you have that setting in mind, presenting your rules as part of it also shows them in the best possible light to your target audience. If you say your rules are good for any setting, and I try to use them for one you didn't have in mind, I'm probably going to be disappointed with my experience. 




 Minitaur Bardbarian. People will just think you have a speech impediment.  




 What /r/Russano_Greenstripe said. 

[This](http://ikrpg.info/Index/) is a pretty good resource for seeing what is in each issue. Generally, there is about 2 to 3 articles for IKRPG in it. The price is a bit high if you are only in it for the IKRPG articles, but not too bad if you cherry pick the ones you really want (I absolutely love the one about Rhulic warcasters and jacks, and can't live without it, and there is a similar one for Cyriss options).  




 The adventure "Dirty Deeds" from No Quarter #52 is all about mercenaries and charters. It's probably the best "official" source of inspiration. 

Other than that it's just about doing trial and error. Pick something that sounds right, and adjust based on how you feel it's doing. 




