 Indian style or GTFO.  




 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f1/Human-Centiped-poster.jpg 









 Dirty Mike and the boys are going to bust his O-ring.  




 Prepare to be shocked.  




 As a conservative, I wish Warren would run also.  She's very interesting and we finally deserve a real ideological contest this time instead of the lukewarm puke we're normally fed. 














 Ambassador was raped and killed in the street and the embassy was attacked for 8 hours while no reinforcements were sent to their aid. On 9/11.  But only because of some YouTube video that 20 people saw... 




 Won't happen.  The right is just as sick of Bush as the left should be of Clinton if there were actually any other options.  (Unfortunately there aren't) 




 Exactly.  Perjured himself in front of a federal grand jury.  A grand jury that was examining his participation in a liberal rallying cry (sexual harassment).

Also, I wasn't keen on his shaking his pasty, white finger in my face. 




 You may end up surprised. 




 Lol, Bush. As a conservative, I have never seen a less likely front runner.  A lot has changed in the last 8 years. 




 There is generally a solid reason for low turnout.  It is an excellent indication of dissatisfaction with current policies. 




 I know, right? Amazing what mid-term landslide rejections in 2010 and 2014 can accomplish.  




 I know, right? Amazing what mid-term landslide rejections in 2010 and 2014 can accomplish.  




 And in Amarillo there is a burgeoning  gay and transgender community.  




 Meow, meow, meow, meow.  




 WHO let the dogs in?  




 Yeah, could be she doesn't end up fucking him.  




 Lol, Bush. As a conservative, I have never seen a less likely front runner.  




 Amen. That fucking shirt is a war crime.  




 If someone says yes will he change his shirt so no one has to look at it?  




 What the shit is going on with that shirt? Goodbye last 10 minutes of my life!  




 The great lifting epidemic of 2015 




 Yeah, fuck you.  




 Whoa! Today I'm going to relax and take a breather.  




 Begin deuglification sequence.  




 Knee weakening.  Gainz leakening.  




 2 hours at the gym equates to a 10 minute blowjob everyday.  




 Live long and leave a corpse with huge legs.  




 Always wear your whey snorkel.  




 Not sure why liberals are viewed as elitist cunts. Perhaps we'll never know.  




 Oh please.  




 Cheap... Land???  




 N. Dakota is accepting applications.  




 You threw your back out wiping your ass? Getting old sucks. Might wanna start a stretch routine.  




 "We should hire three or four colored ministers, preferably with social-service backgrounds, and with engaging personalities. The most successful educational approach to the Negro is through a religious appeal. We dont want the word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population, and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members."

Margaret Sanger, Founder of Planned Parenthood 




 That's why basketball is so popular in the hood. All that money!  




 Yeah, that's not happening either.  




 So Hollywood is deep in the pocket of big corn?  




 Interested  




 Turns out he liked it. Win win.  




 This guy? 

http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwjcnpOlrc1qzfdu3.jpg 




 Also, who cares.  




 Ted Bundy used to make small talk and get waved into places too.  




 Apparently these assholes have never heard of measuring the circumference of the circle. 




 https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/sunny-recap-quarantined-vaccine-2.gif?w=650 h=836 




 You're watching The Learning Channel.  




 That looked like it hurt.  




 You can always tell a Milford man. 

http://media.giphy.com/media/aNF3vK7maoRdC/giphy.gif 




 So Will Smith has gotta be fucking Margot Robbie, right?

http://m.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/will-smith-reveals-struggle-in-marriage-to-jada-pinkett-smith-2015262 




 LOL! "As does the Obama administration."  




 Plumber master race  




 Yaaaaaaaayyyyy...  




 You're right again!  I feel terrible that this young man who killed and maimed so many people might have to spend the rest of his life in jail. He should be released so that he won't have to suffer that fate!  




 You're right. He SHOULD be released for killing and maiming all those people!  




 As a conservative, I am jazzed to see Cruz and Paul square off against Warren (hopefully) and Sanders.  Christie, Bush, Clinton and the rest of the establishment can go get bent.  What we need this election cycle is some real diversity of ideas between the parties not shades of gray. 




 It wouldn't hurt to also put them in compromising and dangerous situations.  (you) 




 Pinky fights like an Apache! 




 Next we have Atrocity on the center stage!  




 Happy motherfucker?  




 Retarded cocker spaniel you say...  




 http://bit.ly/u0lxsS 




 AARP meetings. 




 http://i.imgur.com/opNGKEP.gifv 




 Booooo, Wendy Testaburger, boooooooooooo.  




 Yuck.  




 My favorite part was when she tried to drown herself in a pool at a dinner party to get attention.  




 ANYTHING on "The Learning Channel".  




 I think I can make this work in the US. 

-Satan  




 Only when she says she loves you.  




 https://i.imgur.com/fM8pegG.gifv 




 So they banged, right??  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!  




 Everyone already did chip into a safety net health care system before ObamaCare. Why do you think the emergency rooms were chock-full of illegal aliens?  




 Thanks for not making this a 50 frame imgur gallery about your process.  














 Around the World tap finisher  




 Would you settle for a Secretary of State that says "If Allah wills it?" 














 They brought it back. I had it last time I was there.  




 Pizza, fresh out of the oven cookies and green chilie mac n cheese FTMFW!  









 He's having an epic 420 day.  




 Ryan Gosling and JT seem pretty normal.  




 https://youtu.be/m1pKY8UE0mQ 




 Wow, weird. Thanks for the explanation!  




 Wtf is everyone talking about?  




 We'd what?  




 Jeez, just pay $2 and stream it on Amazon.  




 /u/trollabot train_subject5063 














 OMG, they got you before you could type a period!  




 You want to?  




 Well, you did though.  




 Are you copying other people's work?  




 No it's not, AutoModerator Bot. 




 Lives in America. Automatically the top 1% in the world. Doesn't give anything away because he doesn't have enough.  




 Just suits.  




 But the intonation made it sound like he was calling Fudd an idiot so for people that didn't know the story of Nimrod, they associated it with stupidity.  




 Best retort!  




 Muslims want Catholic weddings? Your zany newsletter is intriguing!  




 Name calling! A brilliant debate tactic,  Cotton! Let's see how that pans out.  




 So far they're just suing in England. It's just the next logical step here. I don't think they'll win I just think there will be lawsuits. 

Notice I used and am using the future tense. 

http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/gay-dads-sue-church-right-religious-wedding020813 




 How about we get govt out of marriage completely?  




