 I've lived in PA my whole life and haven't ever heard that term before  




 Thanks for the tip! I was just kidding there, but I'm actually very experienced with good old dexter and always choose something without acetaminophen  




 Or just chug that shit and enjoy a real mind fuck 




 Growing up and not having much of anything really sucked, but looking back it was such a great thing for my future. Now I'm working full time, about to get a second job. I think growing up like that really made me appreciate money a lot more. Just having extra money to spend on basically whatever I want was, and continues to be, the biggest shock. 




 dt;aj 




 As boring as that sounds, imagine a dream where you paint a wall. That's right, just you, a wall, some white paint, and a paint brush. Happens at least once every few weeks -_- 




 I'll definitely listen to some of their stuff tonight, thanks for the suggestion!  




 I agree with you on that. I feel like dxm slows music down and allows me to focus on more parts at one time, which comes together to make music sound fucking great.  




 Wish I listened to that while actually on dxm. Thanks for the link, I'll be using that song in my next trip for sure!  




 Just wanted to share what I believe to be out of body experiences with you guys! For starters I'm very experienced with dxm, and this is very common on my average dosage (~950). Never considered it to be an OBE until I was telling a friend about it and he suggested that it was indeed an OBE. 

Here's how it goes: once I start peaking I wrap myself up comfortably in blankets and sit on my bed against the wall. Once I close my eyes I feel my body start lowering through the blankets, through the floor, and downward into a void. I don't see anything per se, but it's a very clear and obvious feeling. Then I begin accelerating, faster and faster, almost like I'm climbing the initial hill of a roller coaster. Once I reach the top of this climb, I take off. My body is blasted through the floor, through the ceiling, and into space. 

I can make this last as long as I want, and can basically do it on command. It feels very similar to the salt and pepper shaker ride that they have at fairs. Anyone else have similar experiences on dxm, or any substance? 

Tl;dr take pills, fall through floor, end up in space 




 Had a serious debate with a friend over that dress. It is definitely white and gold!  




 Shampoo is the urethra is the worst pain known to man 




 Haven't heard of it. I'll look into it next time I order seeds. Thanks for the suggestion!  




 Also I've been using ginger capsules to kill the nausea. Really does the trick!  




 Yeah hbwr, shoulda mentioned that. And I've considered the exact, but my water is actually  chlorinated, which kills the lsa. Haven't gotten around to buying bottled water yet. I'll definitely give it a try next time.  




 Oh sorry! I used hbwr seeds  




 Lately I've been experimenting with LSA  and have noticed an extremely different set of effects based on regular dosage vs high dosage. When I took 15 seeds I had an insane night of extreme euphoria. It was honestly one of the greatest drug experiences of my life. However I have come to notice that when increasing the dose, it just becomes an extreme sedative. 

I still get the effects on time, where it seems to pass slow as hell, but instead of the euphoria I just get tired as hell. And instead of the afterglow that lasts a few days consisting of a great mood, I just get a good night's sleep. No after effects at all. 

The change in dosage was 15 seeds for euphoria, and 22 seeds for sedative effects. Anyone else notice this?


Edit: gonna sleep, as I took the sedative dose around 8:30. Looking forward to responses in the morning!  




 I tend to black out and do weird shit when I mix the two haha  




 As much as I love a good robotrip, the hangover the next day just hasn't been worth it to me. I've been experimenting with LSA lately, and that really won me over. Ginger caps or tea before hand has eliminated the nausea for me, and the euphoria is like nothing else. I'd suggest giving it a try, really great time. 




 Usually 650-800 if I'm going for good visuals 

I should also note that I do get negative effects from this, mostly just being unable to form any sort of understandable words.  




 Honestly I just enjoy taking it and waiting for it to kick in. I've never had so much fun staring at a wall waiting for something to change. Other than that, I really don't get the scary hallucinations that I do often read about. Usually just see weird opaque blobs slowly flying around my room. So in short, the visuals.  




 I love listening to floyd's album "Animals" when I'm on dexter. It's great sober, but so much of the album is guitar, so it is damn amazing when you're tripping on dxm.  




 Unfortunately not, though I plan to once I find a dealer that sells more than bud. And for me, pink floyd is where it's at. I'll play an album all the way through, and the difference between it then and sober is incredible. I've also listened to a lot of trap whilst on dxm, and that's always a good time.  




 My favorite part of every dxm trip is the music. I've taken huge doses just because I wanted to listen to an album or two during the  peak. Haven't quite experienced anything like it with any other drug.  




