 It's hard to say, definitely old-ass shit! 




 this is taste - but certainly applies to smell as well!

I have a second image in the taste category here:
https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16099754179/ 
























 https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/sets/72157649839698477/

Three are here, more to come tomorrow and Friday 



















 tomorrow 
























 Thank you, I just subscribed and will start to contribute! 




 This is fun, great way to utilize my photographs!!  Glad I came across this! 




 Wow thank you! Its only got a few simple tweaks in Lightroom 




 this is only sight, taste will come 
























 Nope.  I crawled out of that hole long ago 




 hahahaha 




 oh..and Thank you!! 




 Hey!  Yes I am, I shoot with a Nikon D3200 and I am currently in an exclusive wide angle phase with my Sigma 10-20.

I post in lightroom, very minor tweaks to clarity, sharpness, highlights etc.

Tripod Mount
ISO 100
F.13
Shutter .5

 




 hahah what is this natural light stuff I dont know about?? 





























 Thank you my man!! 




 Hey!  Thanks for posting 




















































































 lol 




 Indeed! 




 Thanks!! 




 Hey. Not on me, no. I have some unedited shots at home.  Do you have a Facebook or flickr where you post your stuff? 




 Thanks, I haven't done any edits yet but I will have more eventually 




 yes, in london somewhere, not sure where though 




 thanks 




 thank you 




 thanks 




 london 




 thank you 




 Thank you, Nikon d3200 and sigma 10-20 
























 lol Witty McGhee! 




 nah 




 because I posted another pic of it last week, called it a piano and reddit people tore me a new asshole!!! lol

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15959978438/ 




 yes, here https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/15959978438/ 




 lol 




 i love you guys!! 




















































































 Yes. The garage was buried in a corner and the cars in a box. I couldn't pass up the opportunity to put it all together!  




 It was very flimsy and in rough shape! 




 Cool cool,  good to see you here! I figured this sub was fitting to post on! 




 No clue of the story but i found the pic and the find very fitting for a Christmas post 




 Very cool 




 Hahahaha nice 




 Was a very cool find 




 Hell ya 




 Before...it was buried in a corner and the cars were in a box 




 Woot 




 Thanks! 




 And the mystery is solved!!! Thanks 




 Thanks so much! 




 Good question! I've always thought retro meant old shit! 




 Oh..and it's "because" not "cos" 




 Good Morning Miserable Scrooge and Merry Christmas

The tin garage was buried beneath layers of boxes and other junk and the toy cars were in a separate box, I (and many others who have seen this photo) enjoyed seeing it put together and it brought back a lot of memories for many.

After I set this up I tore it back down and put everything back where it was.

So now what are you going to say? 


































 Good grief.



 




 YOU GUYS ARE KILLING ME :p 




 The living room of this house

https://www.flickr.com/photos/rockandrollfreak/16079265945/

I haven't got the other pics here with me but I will be posting more in the coming weeks 




 Love it 




 Very Cool 




 Solid! 




 whoomp there it is!!!

Thanks man, appreciated 




 That's exactly right! 




 I don't batch process and mass upload - one pic a day 




 yes and I really hoped that the house had power, I wanted to play some of the records 




 It's a theme we have going in some sets, an ongoing post apocalyptic thing.  I don't expect everyone to understand :P 




 I'm used to comments like yours, no worries.  I come across all kinds of weird shit..I can assure you this place has been abandoned some time - the basement was entirely flooded and most every room was empty 




 hahaha thank you!!! 




 Thank You! 




 It's christmas time  and there was lots of holiday themed stuff and a great looking kitchen table, so we set it all up as it might have looked! 




 Ontario Canada 




 It was pretty empty except for a few rooms, but the few rooms had some cool shit! 




