



















 Absolutely, but My argument is to be careful who is adding the context. 







































 I believe that all sides should be taught with the caveat that it's true. Ideas like manifest destiny and of a religious nature have no place in American history, i.e. intelligent design.  









 It's not a good idea to compare atrocities between nations during WWII as a defense for not teaching about an event. Robert McNamara developed the plan for the fire-bombing of Dresden, and later admitted that if the US lost the war, he would've been indicted for war crimes. 






















































 Good answers...as a society, the US public has placed barriers between itself and the dead. This wasn't always the case. If you currently live in an old house that has a parlor and dining room, the parlor was originally intended as the viewing room for the family of the deceased. More importantly, children were often tasked with the task of euthanizing a family animal. A good example of this is found in the book and film *Old Yeller*. 






























































































 welcome  
  
But it's also correct that a WC in Europe is a toilet, or water closet. 









 WC 




 Achy Breaky Heart - Billy Ray Cyrus. It's also the reason for M. Cyrus. 




 Doubling up makes it twice as nice. 






































































































































 This is a no-brainer - it's [Michael Faraday](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Faraday), the inventor of the motor and the first person to understand that magnetic fields could be used as a power source. Everything in our modern world falls apart without Faraday's achievements, and he believed them so important that he refused to patent the processes. 






































































































































































































































































































 A reminder: the US supreme court ruled that black americans weren't really people but an inferior race that needed a paternal hand. The supreme court isn't "supreme" because it's not interested in the people's rights but that of corporate america. 





























 Florida - come for the weather, stay for the crazy. 




 That's because I gave you the context for my trashiness; I'm just saying I give people some slack because I've been there before. 




 Robert A. Heinlein short story that I never thought would get made. 




 If you want to enjoy the movie even more, Brian Greene does this wonderful series called [Beyond the Cosmos](http://www.primewire.ag/watch-2733300-Beyond-the-Cosmos-online-free) that explains in simple terms the relationship between time, gravity, and space. It blows my mind that the farther away from Earth that a person travels in space, time runs slower for them. The arrow of time runs in only one direction for humans, however, in physics and quantum mechanics the arrow of time is malleable and can move in both directions. It almost appears as if the writers of *Interstellar* wrote the movie after watching Greene's series. If you watch his series, Interstellar takes on a whole different level of pleasure and awe. 







































 That's not being trashy, that's being naive.  
  
For example, I grew up extremely poor and joined the military right out of high school. Because my family was so poor, I'd never eaten in a restaurant until a very pretty girl asked me to dinner at *Ye Olde Oyster House* in Boston. I was stationed with the 10th special forces group at Ft. Devens, Mass. and I was excited about my restaurant visit. She ordered a drink and I ordered an ice tea; when tea is served in the south it usually came pre-sweetened, but this Boston so it was without sugar. I promptly used every cane sugar packet on the table to make the tea sweet enough. The waitress brought cornbread to the table as a snack while we looked the menu over. The cornbread I'd grown up with was thin, bitter, and a type of hard tack, but the waitress had brought what appeared to me to be cake. Without saying anything to my date, I flagged down the waitress and told her she'd brought us desert before the meal and that we'd not ordered any cake. Both the waitress and my date assured me it was cornbread. As we ordered, I didn't recognize anything on the menu when I spotted a dish made with eggs that looked edible. So I ordered the quickee, which made the waitress giggle and my date blush. It was actually quiche, and I didn't eat much of it. After this affair I never heard from or saw my date again. While this may have appeared trashy to anyone watching, it was simple naivete.  
  
When I see poor people acting inappropriately, I understand the reasons behind their action.  









 Most of the replies sound like things poor people do or wear, so I guess all poor people are trashy. 



















 The OK gop's stance on history is an attempt to revision the nation's past. It expected parents to agree with such a patriotic version of history, but miscalculated. Now its trying to walk-back comments made by a member by claiming the legislation was poorly worded. 




 Do you believe in god? 



































































































 I knew it wouldn't take long before the comparisons about safety between pipelines and railroads. This accident will be used by the republicans as an excuse to push the Keystone line for the Koch brothers. 




 The early 20th century was a dark time in addressing mental health issues, with chemical and physical castration a common practice in its institutions. They believed the practice would keep homosexuality from spreading.  
  
edit: I'm arguing that US christians have already implemented a version of sharia law in this nation and it needs to stop. 




 Not murder, but there was chemical and physical castration, imprisonment, and placement in mental institutions, all sanctioned by the government and the supreme court. 





























 Isn't restricting access to rights shared by all Americans a form of punishment? 




 You and me both. 



























































