 (   ) 




 Documentary about this guy's porn addiciton 




 Yea but it's time to add some zest into our cowbell hate...  Denver seems just like the perfect city to hate.  




 You have our ex coach and ex GM...  You have swirled around in trade rumors consistently and are virtually a comparable team to the Kings and the Lakers are to shitty to hate...  So there ya go 




 Yea...  [about that](http://www.reddit.com/r/denvernuggets/comments/3aciqm/what_is_up_with_the_negativity_of_this_sub/).... 

r/kings is actually a super friendly and inviting sub.  But when you post stuff regarding a star player with no credible source either for karma *or* out of bad choice...  That's when they have come out.  We haven't been abrasive and we are open to all opinionated questions...  Shit I post multiple bad posts a month and still get treated well here.  It's how you may be coming across especially as a moderator or r/denvernuggets and judging another sub.  




 Cousins upside is huge as a scoring center.  I am overjoyed to have him for 3 years.  His attitude improved under Malone so I'm convinced he will be better again.  His contract is good for being arguably the best center in the league.  Many years looking forward boogie.  




 Fuck r/nba who down vote anybody who isn't general opinion.  You guys are Pao/Hitler.  




 Yea but that's not unwritten rules of reddit.  Unwritten rules are down vote if they don't agree..  




 Why is that?  




 I live Thompson and get ripped on here constantly (semi justifiably)  but who is going to take Landry's injured shitty self?  


Fareid  JT.   




 Assuming WCS is gone..   Would you take this?  Fareid is still a great player and not bad on price.  We'd lose alot by dropping JT and eventually we can write off Landry. What do you think about it? 


Edit: What if WCS is available?  




 But he is George Karl...  So we won't be worse.  




 Yea it is definitely a new rival.  









 /r/leagueofshadows 




 INB4 downvotes

 




 RIP Mr.  Lawn...  




 Sunflower cafe

FTFY 




 This...  And damn near this only 




 I want the Cotto fight as I have said many times in this sub.  But we won't get that til after canelo cotto.  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Fuck your cake day 




 But Khan deserves a Mayweather  fight.  He has trained and prepped for the fight.  Does he stand a chance cell IMO....  No but he has wearied it and besides GGG and Garcia...  I don't think there's anyone else other than Cotto IMO...  (only because cotto gave Mayweather an entertaining fight.)  Give Khan his fight no matter how shitty it's gonna be. There honestly isn't anyone else. (I'd take a Danny Garcia fight too.)  




 Sure but they haven't been writing about the Kings for 6 months...  They have been focusing on the playoffs... If they have it was pure speculation because I neverneveheard anybody talking talking about  d'allesandro leaving...  That is important whether we assumed it or not...  All I heard was "George Karl trading Cousins..." 

Oh BTW...  I'd check your calender..  I think it's broken 




 *"playoffs are over..  I  want 1500 words of bs on my desk by Monday.  MAKE IT RIDICULOUS OR ELSE"* 




 What doesn't the little fuck do...  




 All good nothing but growth.  All in good sport.  




 Lol I'm weak 




 Fuck man..  Curry went 7th... People sleeping on draft day.  "Here's lawson a guy we need to get rid of.  Let me take your shitty 6th pick...?"   C'mon man.  6th is a good pick in what looks like a good draft.  




 Just about to say this....  About time we got some quality names thrown. Lou,  Cousins,  Gay,  and Collison?  Pshhh get out.  That's a squad. 

Edit: I'm assuming we still have our pick.  




 Haha we hate Hickson more I'm sure. In all I'd love to have Ty but not for our pick.  If you wanted to trade up and dump salary I'd do that. And take Hickson and dump him after we give you McCallum.  




 Little chance of effect?  Damian Lillard was the 6th pick?  A 7'0 defensive 5 has great impact...  You are making assumptions on notions you can't justify. We can't project anything about any pick.  If you are asking me if I would rather gamble on a franchise changer or take the sure thing at improving 1 step of my franchise,  I take the gamble because we can sign free agents with the money we save from Ty.  5s don't come very often.  Our post would be stacked and we could sign a 1 or 2 for probably cheaper than Ty or maybe attract an even better guard with all the talent we now have.  




 You are making Lawson sound like he is LeBron. (meaning he has the power to take us to the ship)  I agree that Lawson is great but it was known since last year that Lawson was on the trading block. I would rather hold the pick until 6th to see if WCS falls.  Call us on draft day.  You guys are dumping Lawson in my opinion no matter what. Winslow wouldn't be a horrible pick.  But you are right,  only time will tell if we are stupid enough to give you guys 6th + 7th + Stauskas or McCallum (you keep putting McCollum who is on the blazers)  while you dump Lawson and Hickson on us like you guys keep talking about on your thread.  




 ^ Fuckin trippin

Edit: We have a capable point guard in Collison.  Lawson would be great for our team but over a defensive 5...?  You are insane. Lawson has shown what he can do...  WCS could be a future asset at a much more reasonable cost. Let's be frank...  You don't want lawson as much as lawson doesn't want you guys.  Just because you want a 6th and 7th pick doesn't mean you get to wish it upon yourself....  Hence my first statement.  




 He replied, "it's hard man..  I got to much love for the hoes"  




 WCS or Lawson? lol I'm insulted 




 He was just a fun player for me to watch.   




 - Travis outlaw

- Cole Aldrodge

- IT


Edit: This I purely fun.  Not necessarily right or wrong.  Just who do you wish we didn't get rid of whether it was right to or not. 
 




 Fuck your cake day 














 We should have fucking kept him...  




 Yea that was my point..  




 Wait..  You had a helmet that like other male helmets?  




 Until kings start winning..  Then they were fans since 01' 




 I literally say it to every cake day person when I cross one.  Nothing personal.  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Do what I do for the last two years... 

- Compliment the shirt: "Hey!  that's a nice shirt!  Is it new?" 


- Ask them what team Iggy came from: "He was a sixers right? Who cares the guy is a shooting machine"


- Ask their favorite player: "Currys daughter.  Have you seen X video!?" 


- Ask what Kerr did differently this year than last year: "It's that defense thoooooo" 

- And my all time favorite...  Why do you root for GSW?: "Nor Cal rocks man..." 


Only thing worse is the band wagoner that come next year once we take 8-6th seed...  









 Fuck your cake day 




 I honestly feel this would be the biggest move the owner could do.  Such a bad stigma as an organization.  Time to change our reputation.  




 Fuck your cake day  




 No thanks.  




 Literally Hitler  




 I was so pissed lol 




 My ~~team stream~~ Gametime app said kings to deal Mike Malone as head coach...  I said WTF? 


Congrats to him.  




 DOWN VOTE!  DOWN VOTE!  




 Party Pale...  My roommate brought home a tub a party left at his work one night.  This gallon of cookies and cream amazing-ness lasted almost a month and never lost its flavor. It honestly was some of the best ice cream I have had. 


I miss that pale.  









 "yea...  But I love the hose"  




 SOMEBODY PLEASE FIND JA!!!!!  




 Oh where is my hairbrush 




 Fuck your cake day 




 Gtfo why post this?  









 This 




 Literally have the shittiest auto-correct 




 Small ball.  Mozgod can't keep up with warriors small ball 




 Watching Draymond play is making all the Cavs fans turn green..  




 Small ball on small ball.  




 I like to call it the pig pen 




 An Olympic gymnast?  Fuck maybe I should take my kids to Disney world...  It's an investment.  




 Fuck your 3rd cake day 




 Not true..  This guy's a dumb fuck

Edit:Snitch 




 I have a basement with alot of candy... If your interested 




 Fuck your cake day 




 Doesn't need to be to children... It would reflect Jobs childish nature and his neck for minimalism.  Most adults watch Pixar movies anyways but a story of early success to a terrible downfall to overcome and accomplish what he did isn't a bad children story. You can make jobs the "Grumpy"  character who gets nicer towards the end of the movie through interactions with the other characters in his life.  




 A part of me honestly feels this would be a great way to tell the story of Jobs. Stop trying to find an actor to play Jobs but instead let Jobs live through a company he helped flourish.  




 Of course...  It worked for America didn't it?  









 Fuck your cake day

Edit: fuck your downvotes 




 Probably should get that checked out 




 He's speaking about the spooky ghost in the video...  Jeez 




 You copied and pasted...  I'm not impressed 









 Holy fuck 




 BRO NSFW???? 

Edit: someome got fucking shot...   




 Oh yeah..  Definitely not it 




 Sounds like side stitches.  Are you out of shape?  




 Schopenhaur 




 Here is you L 




 















 U HAVE BEEN SPOOKED BY THE







 SPOOKY SKILENTON









SEND THIS TO 4 PPL OR SKELINTONS WILL EAT YOU

FTFY
 




 Fuck your cake day 




 Basically a bunch of fat fucks who work for reddit and Emperor Pao need more money to fill their faces with doughnuts so they are cleaning up Reddits image so they removed /r/Fatpeoplehate. 


Some fat fucks cheered while most sneered. Blah blah blah freedom of speech and expression blah blah blah. They decide to flood /r/all with multiple subs and gild these genius ideas which give back to the imposing fat fucks. Dust settles and Reddits richer,  fatter and quieter.  




 That fucking skank 




 That's what I mean...  If he's pretending about needing help to go viral than fuck this guy.  I've been combing to try and find a way to contact youtube 




 If this is a shitty attempt to go viral....  I swear.  If not I really hope we can help him. 


But so help me God... If you're not dead.  




 Shit missed it 




 Holy shit!  That car was hot!  









 My favorite band...  And I have never heard this song...  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Where did numb bears come from?!  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Take your F 




 The guy who went balls to the wall to keep our team? Brought in our first relevant trade since Metta? Extended Rudy and Cousins?  Landed George Karl? Got rid of Mullin?  Sealed an arena deal? It's been 2 years for FUCKS sake. Sit down...  Calm your panties and STFU.  




 Their*  




 I'd invent Google....  I'd be rich instead of broke. Win.  




 I really hope this is a fucking joke 




 People shit talk the police but expect them to protect them when they ask them to 




 Vlade smash!  




 This...  This is a possibility.  




 Probably ISIS 




 This. Schools isn't a requirement..  It is a choice.  You're paying thousands to fail. Why would you want to go back. If this is your sophomore slump...  Pick it up but 3 quarts of probation is pretty rough.  




 There's apaches flying around an air base!?  WTF?  




 It's definitely a We are young song!  




   edit: also check the events happening this week that was posted.  Second Saturday is a great event that is happening this Saturday.  Art and music + bar crawling.  Always fun.  




 Fair Oaks Brew pubhas craft beers. It's new so closes early. Around 10-11.

This place is in old folsom which is a nice place to go on weekends. Killer food as well.Samuel Hornes Tavernis great.

If your willing to travel,Low Brauis a mainstay for the "Hipster" crowd downtown and is always packed.

If your looking for just a place to blow off steam and play pool or something, Players bar and grill has a ton of options and sterling bridges is a nice place to just be in. All relatively close to gold river. (15 minutes)
 














 Today wasn't the day to make a 1st post lol. The riots are going on but Goodluck  




 Kek?  




 Eh maybe post on another sub for better results.  




 What's that?  









 IT'S A PENIS!  GUYS LOOK!  PENIS!!!  




 Better than "if jailed,  get railed"?  




 Zingggggggg!  




 I only give a fuck when OPs mom asks for one 




 A bot that says "FUCK YOUR CAKE DAY"  anytime cake day is mentioned 




 Are you trying to press my buttons???!!!  




 Gtfo with this shit!  Reddit is full of hate today!  




 No...  I'm sure it's cancer 




 I'm sensitive 




 Explain?  




 STFU FATTY 




 Maybe if you weren't so fucking fat,  maybe you'd have a better day!   




 I was teasing 









 You responded about your sex life to /u/doinitdirty. You just gave him what he needed.  




 You went to your school dance alone didn't you? And your mom said it was their loss huh?  




 Let harassing happen if the harasser wants to!  Fuck off! You're not Pao!  




 Depends what area you are in.  




 Stop hating on people who don't have the will power to make this decision!!!!  I will report the fuck out of you you bigot 




 I did it in a hurry.  Don't care about karma but you can definitely link it.  




 Out of the shitty mods here...  You're probably the shittiest one. AMIRITE?  




 Please let this be a thing 




