




 MayoClinic.com has a pretty good article on [testosterone and age](http://www.mayomedicallaboratories.com/test-catalog/Clinical+and+Interpretive/83686) 




 Actually, coming up with an exact age is impossible because there are obvious variations between individuals as with all biological processes. But in the studies that I've seen, the test production of  healthy sedentary Caucasian males is very high at 18-19, peaks in early adulthood, and then may drop very slowly throughout life depending on a lot of factors.  




 Natty test levels are insanely high when you're 17, no need to inject hormones at that age IMO. If you start training and dieting seriously at 14-15, you can get huge naturally by the time you're legally an adult. Also, natural testosterone levels keep increasing until you're 25, then they peak, then they start dropping down very slowly. No need to inject hormones until you're 24-25 IMHO.  




 Iron isn't an issue, because this world has the Zipkrowd's iron farm. Of course for clay there isn't really a way around it, it's one of the few materials in MC that you still have to farm yourself by exploring.  




 Thanks, TSM, for turning us into the laughing stock of the LoL competitive scene. Even BJK, the Wild Card team, is holding their own better.  














 Not sure if compliment or insult. 



















 This reminds me of Gilneas in WoW.  









 Amino acids on their own don't significantly affect mRNA expression of satiety-related genes, no. But the processing of various nutrients by the digestive system is very complicated, and foods that contain proteins can sometimes affect one's ability to resist hunger and cravings due to various factors in my opinion. But since a BCAA drink is just that, BCAAs, it should not affect satiety like, say, meat products would.  




 What the fuck did I just read?  



















 Yes, proteins from meat, but mostly starches, starches, starches. :P 
Vegetables that are rich in fibers work best for me when I'm cutting.  




 Interesting stuff, but I don't think proteins have as much satiety value as this textbook claims. Meat proteins, for example, have a greater satiety value than dairy proteins because they contain less isoleucine and leucine, which increase circulating levels of Insulin-like growth factor 1 and 2 and of Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein enzymes, and more phenylalanine and histidine, which do basically the opposite. But beyond that, proteins in general do not have a significant impact on hypothalamic markers of satiety, at least in rodents, as you can see [here](http://www.jissn.com/content/12/1/14/figure/F6); as you can see, in this study, proteins, regardless of source, had a negligible impact on mRNA expression of the various satiety-related genes that they checked for. 

 




 Has the gut improved or does it just seem to be like that because he's flexing?  




 It depends what dairy products we're talking about here, but in the studies that I saw, dairy proteins are generally more conductive to anabolic signalling than meat/animal proteins.  




 Gluconeogenesis is basically reverse glycolysis. In glycolysis, glucose is converted to pyruvate and some ATP. In gluconeogenesis, non-carbohydrate substrates, like pyruvate, and certain fatty acids are converted back to glucose generally in response to hypoglycemia.  




 I would love to see it. In one more recent model that I saw, amino acids from the nitrogen pool are deaminated as glutamic acid to form ammonia, which is then catalized with the phosphate formed from the ATP produced in the TAC to make carbamoyl phosphate. Carbamoyl phosphate is then catalized again with arginine to form citrulline, citrulline and aspartic acid are in turn synthesized to form arginine again, and then the urea cycle begins. It's like a full circle effect, since citrulline and aspartic acid are also catalized to form fumaric acid, which is used in the TCA as well, and then regenerated to form oxaloacetic acid, and then transaminated to form aspartic acid again. Amino acids would have to be converted to pyruvate or another related compound before oxidative deamination even begins in order to ultimately be converted to triglycerides, which like I said literally never happens.  




 Also, dietary and meat/animal proteins are not equal. The amino acid profile of dairy proteins is more conductive to production of IGF-1 than that of meat/animal proteins, and dairy proteins are generally digested more quickly, due to being found in foods that also contain sugar, and therefore create a greater insulin response than meat/animal proteins.  




 This textbook is not entirely accurate. Recent research shows that the pathway for conversion of amino acids to triglycerides does exists, but that it almost never happens. You would have to eat something insane, like a 10 000 calorie surplus, in order for it to happen. It's true that amino acids can be deaminated to form pyruvate, oxaloacetate, acetyl CoA or acetoacetyl CoA, but in reality it almost never happens. Most of the excess proteins are actually used in the urea cycle and other functions.  




 Not currently, but I'm dieting and training hard to hopefully be able to complete in a year or so from now.  




 But what struck me is how it goes completely in contradiction with the message the documentary is trying to convey, which is that steroids and other related drugs aren't necessarily the 'evil' that society portrays them to be, and that they're going to become more widely accepted as our world becomes increasingly revolutionized by advances in biotechnology.  









 I meant acute risk of death obviously.  




 I didn't think we needed to state the obvious...  




 I know what 'imo' means, but you're on a bodybuilding discussion board. If you're not talking specifically about something in the context of bodybuilding, you have to specify it. I just assumed you were talking about aesthetics in bodybuilding, not about aesthetics in general.  




 When you try to imitate Zyzz, you come off as an idiot. The only one who could pull off the Zyzz persona while coming off as a nice, genuine dude was Zyzz himself. That's why the legacy he has left behind is, sadly, a generation of people with shitty personalities like Jeff...  




 Yes aesthetics are completely subjective. But in bodybuilding competitions specifically, all competitors aim for the lowest body fat and amount of water held that they can possibly can. I'd love to be proven wrong on that.  




 ITT: people who are downvoting have never watched/attended an actual bodybuilding contest.  









 Well, in bodybuilding the goal is to have as little body fat as possible so all the muscle and muscle separations can be as clearly visible as possible. There's nothing really subjective in this case... the less the better.  




 You mean below 8%  




 I didn't think we needed to state the obvious. Of course it can cause disturbances or death in an organism, which makes it a poison. But that's not the point...  




 Ignorance is poison.  




 Things like this make me angry.

Of course they're not gonna talk about the countless people who have used DNP to lose weight incredibly quickly and with absolutely no hormonal feedback afterwards.

Or about the fact that the mechanisms by which DNP causes the body to use its own reserves in order to produce ATP are so effective that they're being actively studied right now in order to create similar but safer drugs in the future.

All they can talk about is the few idiots who didn't know what they were doing and killed themselves. Or about that anorexic girl who took 8 pills and died. Of course the side effect of DNP overdose is a risk of acute death, that was established by scientists almost a century ago. Does that mean it's as dangerous as they're probably claiming? Hell no.

But of course they just love to blow it out of proportions. DNP should be illegal because the masses make it dangerous by being ignorant and impulsive when it comes to drug use, not because it's dangerous on its own. I've never heard of someone who knew what they were doing, who had carefully researched the physiological mechanisms, the potential side effects and the anecdotally reported dosage protocols, and who died from DNP use. And there's a reason: because when it's used intelligently, it works and isn't very dangerous. 

This article, my friends, is a perfect example of why the society we live in is fucking shitty. And shame on the WADA for taking part in such bullshit.  




 You add a negative connotation to judging like you think it's a bad thing. It's not bad or good. It's just how it is. It's in humans' nature to judge. We all perceive other people in different ways whether we want it or not...  




 I don't know if you're right, but I can't provide a counter argument at the moment, so I guess you are.  




 I've talked about this before, but one study found that high doses of a lactate-caffeine mixture have a significant impact on muscle mass and strength in rodents. However, more research needs to be done, obviously. 




 Actually I do eat sugar, it's good post-workout, to take advantage of the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect.  




 I know of a substance that's basically like alcohol but without the calories. Can't remember the name, but I'm pretty sure it exists. Look it up.  




 I'm not too sure what I think, to be frank. I don't even know what are the leading theories on the evolutionary origins of the whole reward system in the brain. That's something I need to do more research on. All I know is, there's something truly wrong in today's society with the relationship between eating behaviors and that reward system. In the past, people were mainly eating to maintain homeostatic balance, and today that's clearly not the case, and it obviously has to do with our lifestyle, but just how deep is the issue? The plethora of metabolic diseases (such as obesity) that we're stuck with is just what you see on the surface, and the issue runs much deeper than that. Of course I don't look down on people who count calories and only 'cheat' once in a while, because they're still better than most of society, sadly. But I do tend to look down on people, because I believe that they're being part of a partially flawed system without even being aware of it.  




 Well this is very subjective, but for me, small doses produce the same buzz as alcohol, except with slight visual hallucinations. I've also used THC, but I tend to avoid it because endocannabinoid-like substances make me hungry.  




 I prefer to use psilocybin, it's calorie-free, doesn't promote fat storage,  and doesn't make me feel like shit because of dehydration the next morning.  




 To use one of my favorite quotes, 'Living by your wants will never make you happy. What it means to be fully human is to strive to live by ideas and ideals and not to measure your life by what you've attained in terms of your desires, but those small moments of integrity.' 

 




 Of course I am aware that a lot of society doesn't want to hear what I have to say about eating behaviors, so I keep my apparently 'obsessive' beliefs a secret. I judge people, but I don't tell them or let it show. No one in my real life knows that I think like this. But I won't take pride in doing something that I regard as simply being the normal thing to do based on my ideology.  




 It's not even about bodybuilding. When you eat something that you 'crave', you are giving in to your body's reward system, also known as the hedonic neural pathway. It's literally the same neural circuitry as the one that is involved in addiction to drugs like heroin. Humans were never meant to reward themselves with highly palatable foods to the extent that people are doing so nowadays. Of course you can do it and still be a successful bodybuilder, many of the best bodybuilders in the world are living proof of that. But like I said, that belief of mine goes far beyond bodybuilding. My belief does allow me to have the strict dieting style that, perhaps, one day could allow me to be a successful bodybuilder, but don't be mistaken, it's merely a coincidence.  




 No, because I live by ideas and ideals, not short term wants and desires like you. Giving in to superficial needs like the one to eat such food is a behavior of the weak.  




 You know what they say...Redbull doesn't give you wings, lat pulldowns do! 









 I have a love   hate relationship with Dorian. He's one of the best in the history of bodybuilding, no doubting that, but he's also amongst the ones who started the whole gh/insulin craze.  




 Honestly tired of seeing this ignorant nonsense being posted again and again. Dumbass guy went full retard, had a medical issue because of it, that's it. Has nothing to do with bodybuilding.  




 2-300 calories above TDEE.  




 Honestly, maybe I'm obsessed, maybe I have issues... A lot of people have told me things of the kind.... But I'm not distressed by it anymore, because my 'obsession' has allowed me to achieve a more aesthetic body than I could have ever hoped to achieve otherwise, and I'm still FAR from where I want to be, but I know that this 'obsession' is also what will continue to drive me until I finally get there.  




 Either keep cutting slowly until you've lost another 3-5% or start bulking slowly to increase muscular mass while minimizing fat gains, IMO. Either way you will get a little bit of both regardless of what you do because you are still benefiting from the beginner's gains at your stage! Amazing work man, don't stop! 














 One day, reading articles like this one is going to give me cancer... Seriously... The ignorant tone in this article is making me cringe... 




 I find it extremely disturbing that being overweight has become somewhat of a norm. The mechanism by which humans are physiologically capable of storing nutrients in adipose tissue was never meant to be taken this far. My Metabolic Biochemistry teacher says that this is essentially the outcome of an evolutionary mismatch between ancestral adaptations to environment (the ability to store fat) and the lifestyle of people in today's society, i.e. eating foods to socialize and having an abundant supply of food available. And I agree, because I've believed that since I was a teenager. Society truly is fucked up, and I don't think it's going to get better.  




 It might not be normal to want to get 'swole', but in my opinion it's certainly not normal either to not have any clue how much of what is going through your mouth throughout the day.  




 Wow! I won't say good luck, don't think you're going to need such a thing!  




 This is why you don't 'experiment' before a show, especially when it comes to diuretic drugs, which can easily backfire if you don't know what you're doing.  




 I'd tell them that desiring to become more muscular is a personal choice that they have no business commenting on. And then I'd tell them that yes, I do use steroids, but that despite my drug use, I still have a much healthier lifestyle and much more daily motivation than they can ever hope to have.  




 Having both = Ronnie.  




 Even when I'm bulking, I have to eat extremely cleanly, or else I feel depressed and hopeless. If I ever eat anything that can be regarded as a 'cheat meal', anything that's excessively rich in sugar, bad fats and sodium, I'll have a slight outburst of satisfaction from the taste, followed by hours and possibly even days of guilt and resentment towards myself. I'm not saying it's normal or rational, but I'm literally incapable of eating anything that I don't regard as 'clean' food.  









 I think it's reasonable to say that most people who are serious enough about their training and diet for it to be possible for them to ever reach their genetic potential generally get on the gear long before they get even close to getting there. 




 White meat, and any carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load, which means a lot of dietary fibers and little sugar. Just type 'low glycemic load foods' on Google.  




 I've been trying that too. 1 cup of liquid egg white and a pre-workout of caffeine citrate + DMAA. It has worked well.  




 I don't think there's anything wrong with it. But of course it only makes sense to look for what's the most effective, that's why I've been trying to figure out whether or not it's more effective than, say, post-workout cardio or mid-day post-meal cardio.  




 I've personally gone from 15 to 12% body fat doing fasted cardio, but I'm more tempted to believe that this is due to my diet. That's why I'm looking to hear about other people's experience.  




 A lot of research says that it's more effective than regular cardio, a lot of research also says that it isn't. Have you guys done fasted cardio regularly over a long period of time, and if yes, what kinds of results did you get? My understanding is that it's useful for highly trained athletes, due to higher substrate utilization and the effectiveness of fatty acid metabolism at a low body fat percentage, but for the average person, I'm not sure just how useful it is?   




 To be honest, I've found it difficult to socialize in a society where I'm the only person that I know to have a strict diet that is based on research. I can definitely say that, as I've grown up, I've felt increasingly alienated from the world surrounding me (I'm 20 now, I started my journey when I was 15). I cannot talk about food with my parents or friends, because food has become somewhat of a taboo subject and most people don't understand the biochemical principles behind nutritional science. Sometimes I wonder if I'm the one who's crazy, or if it's the world around me that is. I guess it ultimately doesn't matter, though, since the outcome is the same regardless.   




 The opposite for me, actually. But I guess we are all different, which is fine! 




 Buy a food scale. You can get one for less than $10 on Amazon. Check on a website that tracks the calories in foods, such as MyFitnessPal. Start off with eating mostly simple foods - cooked chicken, vegetables, fruits, brown rice, etc., and expand your food choices as you get more used to weighting and preparing food. Also, I usually prepare my meals for the entire week in a single day, usually Sunday. It really makes it easier if you have a busy week life.  




 Yep, that's what matters. If you keep track of your caloric intake, you can eat anything, and some nuts are certainly a very healthy choice - rich in good fats, rich in certain micro nutrients, with an excellent fiber/carbohydrate ratio, and with proteins of which the amino acid profile reduces the production of the IGF-1 hormone, which is possibly another good thing if you're trying to lose weight.  




 I would advise against eating nuts unless you are weighting food and counting calories. Nuts, while healthy, are highly caloric and it's very easy to overeat them in my experience.  




 This is true, but compared to how many calories they contain overall, the number of carbohydrates they contain is insignificant. For example, a ounce of almonds is 161 calories, only 12 of which come from net carbohydrates, and half of which come from dietary fibers. If your only source of carbohydrates in a day is from almonds, you are still in a ketogenic mode, because it doesn't take absolutely no carbohydrates for your body to start producing ATP mainly via ketosis, only very little, something around 10% of total caloric intake or less if I recall correctly from the studies I've read. But yes, some nuts are higher in carbohydrates, that's true, chia seeds for example.  




 **1. Don't eat to socialize.**

One of the main problems with our society is that most forms of socialization revolve around eating. And most of the time it's eating foods that are rich in sugar and fat, meaning people end the day with a positive energy balance (caloric surplus) because of that. People eat out at a restaurant to hang out with their friends, eat when they go to see a movie, eat at parties, eat 'comforting foods' at funerals, etc.. But humans were not made to live this way. For most of our species' history, we were hunter-gatherers who struggled to find food, and then people developed agriculture and there started being an abundant supply of food available. And as soon as that happened, things went out of control. In fact, there is evidence that many of the pharaohs from Ancient Egypt were obese due to having a diet rich in sugar. So perhaps the most important thing I learned is to not eat as a means of socializing with others. It's fine to socialize as you're eating, but don't center your nutritional choices around interactions with others, and find an eating pattern that works best for you individually.

**2. Learn to make the difference between actually being hungry, and feeling the need to eat because of exogenous factors, such as stress, negative emotions (boredom, sadness, etc.) or peer pressure.**

It is essentially believed that eating behaviors are regulated by two neural pathways in the brain: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathways. When you wake up in the morning and have breakfast, this is the homeostatic pathway; your body hasn't had any supply of energy in many hours and it knows that you need to eat in order to restore balance (homeostatis). On the other hand, when your inner voice tells you 'I really want to open up this bag of chips right now', this is the reward pathway, also colloquially known as 'food cravings'. People are taught from a young age, by their parents, by their entourage, arguably by society at large, to reward themselves with foods, so it only makes sense for them to fall back to eating rewarding foods when they are not feeling good. But it doesn't mean that you should do it! In fact, awareness is the first step to ceasing this slow-killer behavior. The next time you are about to open up this bag of chips, think to yourself 'Will my body start to malfunction if I don't eat this right now?' Most likely, the answer will be no, it won't, because you don't actually need to eat it, you are merely looking to reward yourself with the taste of those chips. And, with this in mind, you can put the bag of chips back on the shelf and find another way of making yourself feel better instead.

**3. Eat foods that make you feel full (low GL carbohydrate foods)**

When your stomach is empty, your pancreas secretes a hormone known as 'ghrelin', of which the purpose is to stimulate hunger so you will eat. Inversely, once you've eaten, another hormone is secreted from your body's stored fat, known as 'leptin', and of which the purpose is to suppress appetite. The relationship between ghrelin, leptin and other hormones is extremely complex, but simply put, the time you feel 'full' from the foods you eat is pretty much equal to the time they spend in your digestive system; as your stomach is getting emptier, your pancreas will start producing ghrelin again, and you will start feeling hungry again. What does this mean? That you should eat foods that take longer to digest, as they will also make you feel full longer. To slow down digestion, the macro nutrient you should pay the most attention to is carbohydrates. There are two types of carbohydrates: the simple ones, also known as sugars, and the more complex ones, or starches. Carbohydrates are found in almost everything: bread, rice, vegetables, fruits, etc; the only things that don't contain them are meat and pure fat-based products (mostly oils). However, sugars and starches are very different: sugars, due to being simple at the chemical level, will be digested extremely quickly, and, in the process, also cause your pancreas to create more insulin, which will 'drive' the nutrients into your system at a faster than normal rate so they can either be used to make energy or be stored as fat. Starches, on the other hand, are more complex, and will therefore take more time to digest and create a lesser insulin response. One way of knowing how much of an insulin response certain foods will create is to look at their glycemic load, which is based on a formula that takes into account both how quickly the food is digested and how much sugar it actually contains; the closer to 100 the glycemic load, and the higher the insulin response. If you are trying to lose weight, foods with a high glycemic load should be mostly avoided, except following an intense physical exercise, when it is believed that the body will become more sensitive to insulin and therefore use up more of the nutrients that it receives than it normally would.

**4. Do not give up on eating 'healthier', as it actually gets easier over time.**

One of the biggest communities of living beings in the world is in the human gut, and is known as the gut microbiota or gut flora. This community is made up of trillions of microorganisms that both influence and are influenced by your nutrient choices. In fact, gut composition is based on eating habits, and it is also believed that the microbes in the gut can influence the brain to desire the nutrient and nutrient combinations that they prefer, via a neural pathway known as the brain-gut axis. What does this mean? That eating healthier might literally get easier over time, because the unhealthy nutrient choices will eventually get replaced by healthier ones as you change your eating habits.

**5. Keep track of how many calories you are eating throughout the day.**

Ultimately, whether you lose, maintain or gain weight is based on the kind of energy balance you end the day with over a long period of time, days, weeks, months or even years. If you are always ending the day with a positive balance, you are gaining weight, plain and simple, no matter your food choices, no matter how much physical exercise you are doing. Society has been trying, in recent years, to teach us to eat 'healthier' and to be more physically active in order to become healthier, but the harsh truth is, these things only matter insofar as they allow you to maintain a healthy body fat percentage. In fact, in controlled lab experiments, losing weight far outweighs all other factors when it comes to improvements in overall health, including nutrient choices. So, in other words, if you are eating exclusively chips and donuts everyday but eating at caloric deficit and therefore losing weight, you are technically living a healthier life than someone who is eating 'healthy' but not losing weight. However, like I've said above, food choices definitely matter still, as, combined with social habits, they are generally a good indicator of whether people reach their approximate target caloric intake or not. But one way of keeping track of your progress and knowing whether you need to make adjustments in your life or not is by keeping track of your caloric intake. Firstly, it helps you make the difference between the actual need to eat and food cravings; if you're at caloric maintenance already and feel the need to open up that bag of chips, you can tell yourself 'No, I don't need this, I've already had all my calories for the day'. Secondly, it allows you to be more flexible: if you know that you are attending a social gathering in the evening and there'll be food that you'll most likely want to eat there, you can adjust your caloric intake consequently, by eating a little less than normally throughout the day so as to still end the day with a negative energy balance despite eating fast food at that party. 




 Yes, I'm not sure what you're asking? It increases leptin production, which causes the body to become less sensitive to both leptin and insulin.  




 Yes, because surplus fat is directly stored in the fat cells, which also increases leptin production.  




 Indeed, the only reason why I talk about carbohydrates is to give others a bit of background information on the subject. This study merely looks at the relationship between leptin and UGN.  




 Essentially, yes. It is believed that eating behavior are regulated by two neural pathways: the homeostatic and the hedonic (reward) pathway. When you wake up in the morning and have breakfast, this is the homeostatic pathway; your body knows that you need to eat in order to survive. On the other hand, when you think 'I really want to open up this bag of chips right now', this is the reward pathway. In a society where people are taught from a young age that it is a good thing to reward oneself with foods, it only makes sense for people to fall back to eating rewarding foods when they are not feeling good. But it does not mean that you should do it. Awareness is, in fact, the starting point of ceasing this health-destroying behavior.  




 Yes, but it is implied that the degree of insulin production necessary to cause resistance is one that is highly correlated with overeating. I didn't think I needed to specify that.  




 If I could give 4 tips to avoid eating at a caloric surplus, which is the most important, they would be:

1. Don't eat to socialize, this is when people are most likely to overeat/eat foods that are rich in bad fats and sugar

2. Eat foods that make you feel full (low GL carbohydrate foods, meat source proteins)

3. Learn to make the difference between actually needing to eat and feeling the need to eat because of an exogenous factor, such as stress, boredom or another negative emotion. 

4. Keep track of how many calories you are ingesting throughout the day. 
 




 No, this is incorrect, and demonstrates why there is no ELI5. Eating at a caloric surplus is what causes the nutrients to be stored as fat, therefore increasing the production of leptin and resulting in the vicious cycle that I talk about. Insulin does increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides, because it transports the nutrients into the system at a faster rate, but this doesn't matter if you aren't eating at a caloric surplus, as then, those nutrients will still be used to produce energy.

However, fast-digesting carbohydrates might partly lead to obesity, as they make people feel less 'full' from the food they eat, since they are digested so quickly, and therefore make people more likely to eat at a caloric surplus. But for example, carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load do not create very much of an insulin response. Low glycemic load carbohydrate foods are ones that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, amongst other things. For example: brown rice, whole grain bread, and peas, to name a few.

 




 No, this is incorrect, and demonstrates why there is no ELI5. Eating at a caloric surplus is what causes the nutrients to be stored as fat, therefore increasing the production of leptin and resulting in the vicious cycle that I talk about. Insulin does increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides, because it transports the nutrients into the system at a faster rate, but this doesn't matter if you aren't eating at a caloric surplus, as then, those nutrients will still be used to produce energy. 

However, fast-digesting carbohydrates might partly lead to obesity, as they make people feel less 'full' from the food they eat, since they are digested so quickly, and therefore make people more likely to eat at a caloric surplus. But for example, carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load do not create very much of an insulin response. Low glycemic load carbohydrate foods are ones that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, amongst other things. For example: brown rice, whole grain bread, and peas, to name a few.  




 Probably not ELI5, but as simply as I can put it, ingesting carbohydrates causes the pancreas to secrete insulin, a hormone that 'drives' nutrients into the system. Most of the nutrients are used by the body to produce ATP, the unit of intracellular energy and what effectively allows us to live, via the tricarboxylic acid cycle (the main metabolic pathway). The nutrients that cannot be used, however, are instead mostly stored as triglycerides in the body's adipocytes (fat cells). Leptin is an appetite-controlling hormone that is an adipokine, meaning that it is synthesized from the fat cells. Therefore, insulin increases the production of leptin over time, and as it does, the body becomes less sensitive not only to leptin itself, but also to insulin, resulting in a vicious cycle that makes people hungrier, fatter, and more likely to develop diabetes. In this study, they found a positive correlation between leptin and uroguanylin, a 16 amino acid peptide that appears to control some of the body's homeostatis mechanisms via the brain-gut pathway, through which biochemical signalling takes place between the gut microbiota, the gastrointestinal tract and the nervous system. In other words, leptin appears to control homeostatic balance partly via the action of uroguanylin, the latter being dependent on leptin production and, therefore, on carbohydrate metabolism as well. This is basic science, but they essentially acquired a better understanding of how leptin controls appetite at the biochemical level with this experiment. 




 Probably not ELI5, but as simply as I can put it, ingesting carbohydrates causes the pancreas to secrete insulin, a hormone that 'drives' nutrients into the system. Most of the nutrients are used by the body to produce ATP, the unit of intracellular energy and  what effectively allows us to live, via the tricarboxylic acid cycle (the main metabolic pathway). The nutrients that cannot be used, however, are instead mostly stored as triglycerides in the body's adipocytes (fat cells). Leptin is an appetite-controlling hormone that is an adipokine, meaning that it is synthesized from the fat cells. Therefore, insulin increases the production of leptin over time, and as it does, the body becomes less sensitive not only to leptin itself, but also to insulin, resulting in a vicious cycle that makes people hungrier, fatter, and more likely to develop diabetes. In this study, they found a positive correlation between leptin and uroguanylin, a 16 amino acid peptide that appears to control some of the body's homeostatis mechanisms via the brain-gut pathway, through which biochemical signalling takes place between the gut microbiota, the gastrointestinal tract and the nervous system.  In other words, leptin appears to control homeostatic balance partly via the action of uroguanylin,  the latter being dependent on leptin production and, therefore, on carbohydrate metabolism as well. This is basic science, but they essentially acquired a better understanding of how leptin controls appetite at the biochemical level with this experiment.  
























 Thanks! 




 To the Nether obviously. Otherwise there wouldn't be water.  









 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2824650/

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/6414471

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25450864

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25322757

http://jap.physiology.org/content/early/2015/01/08/japplphysiol.00054.2014

http://www.sciencedomain.org/abstract.php?iid=155 id=1 aid=703#.UuVae2Qo5GE 




 It's not directly anabolic but it is definitely related.  




 It's not very complicated. Maintain your pre-show caloric intake. Eat mostly meat/animal proteins and low GL carbohydrates to maintain musculature and fullness without increasing fluid retention. Obviously avoid foods that tend to cause fluid retention (sodium rich foods) and raise blood sugar high (sugar rich/high GL foods). Keep water intake fairly low, but not so low that you're uncomfortable, until 2-3 days before the competition.  




 Yes, because GHRPs imitate the effect of ghrelin. But with the latest generation of peptides, the gastric effects are supposed to be non-existent. But some people still report a feeling of gastric emptiness nonetheless.  




 GHRH/GHRP certainly works in synergy with AAS. DMAA is basically a stimulant, so it can be used as a pre-workout or for cutting/in combination with weight loss drugs (such as 2,4-DNP). The other two, I wouldn't be able to tell you.  




 Quote from a research article:

We examined whether a mixed lactate and caffeine compound (LC) could effectively elicit proliferation and differentiation of satellite cells or activate anabolic signals in skeletal muscles. We cultured C2C12 cells with either lactate or LC for 6 h. We found that lactate significantly increased myogenin and follistatin protein levels and phosphorylation of P70S6K while decreasing the levels of myostatin relative to the control. LC significantly increased protein levels of Pax7, MyoD, and Ki67 in addition to myogenin, relative to control. LC also significantly increased follistatin expression relative to control and stimulated phosphorylation of mTOR and P70S6K. In an in vivo study, male F344/DuCrlCrlj rats were assigned to control (Sed, n = 10), exercise (Ex, n = 12), and LC supplementation (LCEx, n = 13) groups. LC was orally administered daily. The LCEx and Ex groups were exercised on a treadmill, running for 30 min at low intensity every other day for 4 wk. The LCEx group experienced a significant increase in the mass of the gastrocnemius (GA) and tibialis anterior (TA) relative to both the Sed and Ex groups. Furthermore, the LCEx group showed a significant increase in the total DNA content of TA compared with the Sed group. The LCEx group experienced a significant increase in myogenin and follistatin expression of GA relative to the Ex group. These results suggest that administration of LC can effectively increase muscle mass concomitant with elevated numbers of myonuclei, even with low-intensity exercise training, via activated satellite cells and anabolic signals.
 




 Long term use of large doses of hGH and insulin makes every single tissue in the body grow.  




 It can be injected either intramuscularly, subcutaneously or intravenously.  




 No one knows how safe it is.The long-term synergistic effects of GHRH/GHRP have never been studied in a controlled setting. The prescription drug version of GHRH is banned for recreational use in a few countries (but not the analogue that is generally used recreationally), but GHRP drugs have yet to go under the radar of major governing bodies.   




 Just to clarify, I haven't posted the sources for these drugs because the texts aren't average person-friendly at all. But if you are interested in the scientific literature, send me a PM and I can provide all the sources.  




 This is very true. Also, there is some evidence that certain types of cardiovascular exercise (such as running) affect muscular strength and hypertrophy, especially in the lower body. This is why I personally limit my cardio time to no more than 30 min daily.  




 **1. GHRH/GHRP**

Stands for **G**rowth **H**ormone **R**eleasing **H**ormone and Growth Hormone Releasing **P**eptide. These are **not** hGH, but when combined, they have very similar effects. During deep sleep, growth hormone is produced, and then, it is released at various times throughout the day in the form of a 'pulse'. GHRH and GHRH work synergistically and allow you to control and increase that pulse, resulting in increased anabolic effects (including increased rates of protein biosynthesis and lipolysis), better quality of sleep (possibly as a result of increased deep sleep time), and even faster tissue regeneration near site of injection when higher doses are administered. These two compounds are administered via injection, usually either intramuscularly or intravenously, and user-reported dosage tends to range from one to multiple doses of 1mcg/kg of body weight per day, usually at times of increased energy expenditure and fasting, to make good use of the GH pulse, such as pre-workout, post-workout, and pre-bed time. The synergistic effects of these compounds are not well studied in humans, and side effects from long-term use remain unknown. However, commonly reported side effects occur when dosage is not titrated up adequately, or with high (multiple doses) and long-term continuous use, and include: fluid retention, arthralgia, and symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome; these side effects were also reported when high doses of synthetic growth hormone were administered in healthy adult subjects. 

**2.  FS315**

 FS315 is an isoform (a genetic compound that has been modified via post-translational modification) of Follistatin, an antagonist of the  TGF- family of cell regulatory proteins. Normally, Follistatin inhibits the production of all the  TGF- proteins, but this isoform has been modified to target only myostatin, a protein that limits muscle-building in humans. It is injected using an adeno-associated virus, a small virus that is inoffensive to humans. When injected in animals and human children, it resulted in a significant short-term increase in muscular mass and functional strength. Although this method is obviously not available on the market yet, the potential of abuse by athletes in the near future is considered to be high by the World Anti-Doping Agency, and the method itself is referred to as 'gene doping'. 

**3. Lactate-Caffeine**

This one is not available on the market yet either, and is related to Follistatin. When administered orally to rodents, a solution of lactate (the conjugate base of lactic acid) and caffeine increased muscular mass significantly and prevented paralysis-induced muscular atrophy, via an increase in Follistatin production, a decrease in Myostatin production, and via activation of the calcineurin-NFATc pathway, a complex process that increases the production of a subtype of white blood cells (known as T-cells) and of a protein known as Nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 1 (NFATc). The calcineurin-NFATc pathway is also activated by certain AAS, such as Testosterone and Nandrolone, and could partly explain their anabolic effects.  

**4. 1,3-dimethylamylamine**

This compound has been around since the thirties, but common use only dates back to a couple years. It has the same positive effects as Ephedrine,  but via different mechanisms in the brain,  and without seemingly raising blood pressure (which is a huge plus). It is poorly studied, and much of the information on its effects in humans or in general is based on extrapolation from other similar compounds. Based on anecdotal evidence, it often induces a subtle feeling of euphoria, especially in the first times of use, and is often taken in combination with Synephrine Hydrochloride (another natural stimulant, also known as bitter orange) and caffeine; this mix is referred to by some people as 'Ephedrine-Caffeine without the side effects'. Its chemical structure is similar to that of another stimulant known as 1,3-Dimethylbutylamine. 














 You're making a lot of assumptions, one of them being that the other person understands the biochemical principles behind nutritional science, which most people who come on physical exercise-related subreddits don't. Most people don't even understand the difference between starches and sugar, or how different carbohydrates affect insulin production. Therefore, you cannot 'assume' anything.  




 I used MrCrayFish' design, easily found on Youtube.  




 Thank you! 



















 Yes, but you missed the point. You cannot talk about macro nutrients alone because it's too vague, that was my argument. If you say 'I eat 200g of carbs', it could be 'I eat 200g of carbs, 150 of which are sugar, and the other 50 of which is starchy fiber rich carbs', or it could be 'I had 180g of low glycemic load carbs throughout the day, with 20g of sugar post-workout'. Both are completely different. When you're talking about nutrition, you cannot simply talk about macro nutrients on their own. You also have to also talk about the micro nutrients they contain, and their relationship to the other macro nutrients within the food product itself, or else you get a picture that is not very accurate.   




 Indeed, but they still do matter, and they also play a huge role in the control of satiety and hunger, two factors that often influence whether people reach their target caloric intake or not, especially when they're cutting. Also, they play a role in maintenance of general health and well being.  




 Saying only 'carbs, proteins and fats' does not mean much. How much of these carbs is starches? How much is sugar? What is the glycemic load of all of these carb foods? Where do the proteins come from? Dairy? Meat? What kinds of fat? Saturated? Unsaturated? Omega-3? Also, what is the micro nutritional content of all of these foods that you're eating? How much of your carb intake is fiber rich? Dietary fibers have a huge impact on glycemic load as well.  You need to be more specific if you want help. Like I said, just saying 'carbs, proteins and fats' is extremely vague, nutritionally speaking.  




 There are some insanely brutal squat workouts for legs out there. GVT squat. 20 rep breathing squats. Drop set leg press. Etc.  




 I find it fucking hilarious that some people think the top pro 'Crossfitters' got big and strong actually doing Crossfit training programs. Crossfit is the exact same shit as regular weight lifting, except there's more variation in ways of training muscle groups and series/rep format. And these athletes got their physique and athletic capacity lifting heavy weights with proper form, eating a lot and using AAS and GH/GHRH/GHRP.  




 Unless you have fairly low body fat (10% or below), I wouldn't worry about 'cutting too much', no such thing, especially if you're mostly eating proteins, which you should be if you're on a huge deficit.  




 In simpler terms, what I said above is: if you are cutting, make most of your proteins come from meat, and if you are bulking, make most come from dairy products. However, meat is also good if you are bulking, especially read meat, because it boosts testosterone production slightly; this is because red meat is rich in saturated fat, which means cholesterol, a precursor to testosterone. So, for cutting, meat, meat, meat, mostly white meat, except post-workout because you want sugar for the post-exercise insulin sensitivity effect. And if you're bulking, meat, some red, and dairy. Dairy is especially good if you're someone who struggles to eat in surplus (chocolate milk, for example, isn't very filling...). 




 Both meat and dairy products can be complete protein foods. For example, both fish and milk are. However, it is because of how much they contain of certain essential amino acids that they differ. Phenylalanine and histidine are known to increase IGF-1, whereas leucine and isoleucin are known to decrease its production; dairy products contain more of the former and less of the latter, and meat is the opposite. IGF-1 is a highly anabolic hormone. Also, like I said, dairy products are generally digested faster, due to being rich in simple carbohydrates (such as sugar), which creates a greater insulin response, and insulin is obviously very anabolic, in fact it's the most anabolic naturally occuring hormone in the body. 




 I don't have a whole lot of merit, I've been studying these things basically all my life, since I was a teenager. The more you learn about the human body and how it interacts with the physical world, and the more you come to realize how ignorant laypeople are, especially when it comes to food, and so the more you come to hate and despise them. Knowledge is quite the alienating concept...  




 Anyone who has an understanding of the basic biochemical principles behind nutritional science will tell you that this is complete bullshit. By nature, the most 'efficient' protein, if there's such a thing, cannot be a complete one because different amino acids have different up and downsides.  For example, the amino acids in dairy protein produce a greater increase in circulating IGF-1, and some dairy products are digested more quickly due to their low fiber/sugar ratio (for example, milk), so the insulin response is greater as well. Because of this, dairy protein is more anabolic, produces more ATP in the short run, but also increases the rate at which triglycerides are stored in the body's fat cells. In comparison, meat or animal protein is digested more slowly, has an amino acid profile that produces less IGF-1, and also possibly produces a greater feeling of satiety as well. And it goes on and on. I could write a 10 page scientific paper on the subject. There is no such thing as a 'good' complete protein.  














 Yes, if you want food that 'goes in' more easily, you should eat proteins from a dairy source and carbohydrates that are rich in sugar and low in fiber. For example, chocolate milk, which is rich in dairy proteins and has a fairy low sugar/fiber. Anything that contains dairy proteins and of which most of the carbohydrates come from sugar.  




 Dietary fiber is well known to control appetite; it is a major determiner of glycemic load and is the reason why many fruits positively affect hypothalamic regulators of satiety despite being made primarily of monosaccharide sugars. On the other hand, dietary proteins, regardless of amino acid composition, have little impact on regulators of satiety as far as I know. However, unlike meat or animal protein, dairy protein takes less time to go through the digestive system, and also increases the production of ghrelin, a hormone that stimulates hunger, by increasing the production of Insulin-like growth factor-1. In other words, if I'm cutting, I would eat proteins from a meat or animal source, and carbohydrate foods that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, and therefore, a low glycemic load as well, such as peas or broccoli, to maximize the psychological effects of satiety and limit those of hunger.  



















 Yes but this is a flaw of how human societies function, because in the long run the benefits acquired from the advancement of science far outweigh all other variables involved. If a major scientific breakthrough involves the deaths of thousands of innocents, a thousand years later what do you think people will remember or care about? The life-changing knowledge acquired for that human catastrophe, and not the catastrophe itself.  




 Another study which indirectly demonstrates the efficacy of secretagogues for weight loss can be found [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4378754/). In that recent study, they found that, indeed, ghrelin can regulate glucose metabolism via the Ghrelin O-acyltransferase enzyme. This is exciting news for GHRH users and certainly adds to the whole GRF1-29/GHRP-2 craze of the last couple years. I just wish there was more research conducted in healthy non-elderly adult subjects.  









 FNDC5 is a newly discovered muscular tissue-secreted membrane protein that seems to have an effect on adiposity and insulin resistance. According to some novel research, inhibiting its production could potentially be used to treat obesity, diabetes and other metabolic diseases in the future.  














 Yes, but I'm of the personal opinion that we shouldn't let the advancement of science be hindered by whatever moral values society holds true at a given moment. Morality is a highly subjective and ever-changing concept, and the standards of morality of today will most likely not be those of society in a thousand years. On the other hand, the principles that guide the physical universe will never change, and I believe that morality will drastically change as we come to understand how things work in our world. Do not be mistaken.... Science dictates morality, not the other way around.  




 AAV Follistatin injection probably has side effects, as Follistatin affects the entire transforming growth factor beta family. But in this case they used an isoform (a compound similar but modified at the molecular level) of Follistatin that targets the MSTN pathway in order to avoid off-target site effects. More research will be needed to determine the impact of myostatin inhibition in humans, so I would be cautious to say it's adverse effect-free. Now as to whether it's 'doping' or not, that's an ethical question that science should not concern itself with. Laypeople would never understand anyway.  




 Noted. I will be more careful in the future.  




 I'm sorry, I must have made a mistake... I thought it had been published in November.  




 What is your question exactly? 




 In the era of genetic experimentation, we will be the generation that will get to abuse novel methods. But everything backfires one day... For example, societies of the far future with more extreme views might systemically modify embryos to make humans be born truly 'equal'. 




 [Full paper available in PDF on Libgen](http://libgen.org/scimag/index.php?s=10.1016/j.steroids.2014.12.017)

Also, to summarize the article:

'The current study investigated the phenotypic effects of the selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) trenbolone (TREN) which included the assessment of body composition, biochemical markers of the metabolic syndrome (lipid profile and insulin sensitivity) and its effects on the heart (structure and function), liver (structure and functions) and prostate (size and structure). Although our data confirmed TRENs ability to reduce endogenous sex hormone production and promote the development of benign prostate hyperplasia, the observed potential benefits of TREN treatment may still justify its application in the treatment of obesity. This study demonstrates TRENs ability to reduce adiposity and
its associated dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance/pre-diabetes.' 




 Thanks! 









 According to the authors, use of trenbolone could be justified in the treatment of obesity. 

'The current study investigated the phenotypic effects of the
 selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) trenbolone (TREN)
 which included the assessment of body composition, biochemical
 markers of the metabolic syndrome (lipid profile and insulin sensi- tivity) and its effects on the heart (structure and function), liver
(structure and functions) and prostate (size and structure).
 Although our data confirmed TRENs ability to reduce endogenous
 sex hormone production and promote the development of benign
 prostate hyperplasia, the observed potential benefits of TREN treat- ment may still justify its application in the treatment of obesity.' 
























 The related study can be found here:

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25322757 - A phase 1/2a follistatin gene therapy trial for becker muscular dystrophy. 

For the first time ever, myostatin production was inhibited in children suffering from muscular diseases, using an isoform (FS344) of  TGF- superfamily antagonist Follistatin that targets specifically the myostatin pathway. It lead to a significant increase in muscular strength and mass. This research article discusses the implications of this novel method for the future of gene therapy. 

 









 I only share new studies that I find interesting and relevant.  However, this is a summary of the research on energy allocation during sleep, so it is already a synthesis in itself. The authors' suggestion that reducing caloric intake prior to bed time is a means of minimizing fat storage is based on findings from hundreds of independent studies. This isn't just a single study, in fact it's not a study at all; no experiment was conducted here, it's a summary of te scientific literature in related fields.  














 Goes to show how those who are at the top right now are primarily there because they have been doing this for a long, long time.  




 Study highlights:

- Trenbolone treatment significantly reduces adiposity.

- Trenbolone treatment improves circulating lipid profile and insulin sensitivity.

- No adverse cardiac or hepatic effects were observed with trenbolone treatment.

- Like other androgens, trenbolone treatment causes benign prostate hyperplasia.

- Trenbolone may prove to be an effective and safe weight loss agent in other models. 




 Study highlights:

- Trenbolone treatment significantly reduces adiposity.

- Trenbolone treatment improves circulating lipid profile and insulin sensitivity.

- No adverse cardiac or hepatic effects were observed with trenbolone treatment.

- Like other androgens, trenbolone treatment causes benign prostate hyperplasia.

- Trenbolone may prove to be an effective and safe weight loss agent in other models. 














 Study highlights:

- Trenbolone treatment significantly reduces adiposity.

- Trenbolone treatment improves circulating lipid profile and insulin sensitivity.

- No adverse cardiac or hepatic effects were observed with trenbolone treatment.

- Like other androgens, trenbolone treatment causes benign prostate hyperplasia.

- Trenbolone may prove to be an effective and safe weight loss agent in other models. 




 I was merely replying to your comment about milk being for babies.  




 There's no way to make it simpler than this without explaining what each of the terms means individually. Maybe someone else can chime in and do a better job than me at explaining this. This is obviously advanced science. By no means do I pretend to fully understand it myself; the people who do are those who have spent years studying and researching complex processes that relate to the fields of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.  




 I don't think you understand what you're talking about. The milk that babies drink from their mother's breasts is vastly different from the one that non-babies drink, and so are the reasons why babies should drink milk. The type of milk produced during late pregnancy is a unique one that is rich in antibodies to make up for the infant's developing immune system. In general, breast milk is also richer in dietary fats and antibodies than regular milk, and serves a number of functions for the baby's health.  




