



















 Shudder, memories of that high school friend who would get pissed off that his favorite metal band wasn't getting any attention and then called them sell outs when they finally started selling lots of records and getting videos on MTV. 




 I enjoyed the segment, I thought it was weird that she was going to be on the show, not sure that the NPR demographic includes many people who will buy her selfie book, but I guess her publicists felt it was a good idea for her to give it a shot. 




 I had totally forgotten about these commercials until I listened to Constance Zimmer on Marc Maron's WTF podcast from the other week. She played the daughter in these commercials. 




 I had the version that was made for Sears, loved playing those games, such better graphics than Atari. 









 But True Detective is starting this weekend. That new show that starts this weekend, Brink, also looks good. 




 I tend to wait after a movie is over, just to let the crowd thin out. But I won't do that if it means I'm blocking the path of someone who is trying to leave. 




 I was hoping it was going to be her. Part of me keeps expecting her to show up all of a sudden. 









 Larry 





























 I saw a report on twitter suggesting that he may have been wearing a fake nose and a wig. 




 A report on twitter indicated that he may have been wearing a wig and a fake nose. 









 Toby's eyes say "I shall avenge myself!" 






















































 [There is a meeting locator on this website.](http://www.aahouston.org/) 






















































 I'm amused by that website's use of the world "intelligence."  




 Makes no financial or economic sense whatsoever, secession would create capital flight. 




 Auto parts stores should have them. 









 Do you know how much of the building is currently occupied? 





























 Reminds me of an incident at the Harris County Jail that's several years old, a guy was so obese that despite a couple body searches, nobody ever found the pistol that was hidden in his folds of fat. Ultimately, he turned the pistol over to the deputies. 









 The bulk of the first half of this long form commercial was shot in Houston. The circular skywalk, that was originally built for the now bankrupt Enron. 














 I can only imagine. If memory serves, one of the buildings wasn't even finished until after Enron filed for bankruptcy. 




 My brother-in-law has season tickets at Circuit of the Americas, one day I'll have to get up there for a race. 




 Good to see there's still a use for the Enron buildings. 














 [Don't be so sure about that, Houston is the most ethnically diverse city in the United States, so . . . ](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2014/8/26/immigrants-reshapehoustonamericasmostdiversemetropolis.html) 














 It's rained for the most part of the day here in Alief, most of it a nice light to moderate rain; however, it picked up significantly about 30 minutes ago and the wind has picked up too. Have heard a little thunder, but not much. Bill only came ashore between 11:00 a.m and noon, it's taken some time for its eastern feeder bands to catch up, but it seems like they have and will stick around overnight. 



















 Yes, Houston, Texas - but I have deep, strong roots in the Tri-State Area. 




 There's a shelter here in Houston that runs regular specials of 2 cats for $50, total. 




 I'm reminded of HBO's Silicon Valley where they hacked into their competitors' system because the CEO left his password written on a piece of paper laying on his desk. 




 Seems to be connected to Sabermetrics - http://www.sportsonearth.com/article/61525440/
 









 He likes the attention. 




 It's summer time, your brain needs to be giving you some nice popcorn, blockbuster fun movie. 




 To me, the issue is that she didn't just identify as a certain race, she represented herself in such a way so as to obtain a position where she was the local representative for NAACP. It's not like Bruce Jenner dressed as a woman in order to trick people into giving him the job as the local representative for NOW. 




 My comfort book is one that goes back to one I was a kid in the 1980s. It's Daniel Pinkwater's "Lizard Music," which was published in 1976. It always takes me back to carefree summer days, and staying up late, watching bad tv, when you were supposed to be asleep. 









 Blaze Starr was a burlesque dancer who had an affair with Louisiana Governor Earl K. Long, but, more importantly, inspired filmmaker John Waters and drag queen/actor Divine. [Blaze Starr died on June 15, 2015, here is an obituary, she was 83.](http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2015/06/15/blaze-starr-burlesque-dancer-linked-to-governor-dies-at-83/) 














 Been raining here in Alief most of the morning, mainly a nice moderate rain, but just experienced about 10 minutes of fairly heavy rain, now back to moderate rain. 




 I don't remember anyone like her doing the traffic when I was in high school, sigh . . .  









 I'll stick to looting in the Galleria, it has air conditioning. 




 Been raining in Alief, on and off most of the morning but for the past hour or so it has been a fairly steady, but light to moderate rain. Though, as I was about to hit save, it just got significantly heavier. 




 After Ike, it took a week to get my power back on, thankfully I listened and was prepared, wasn't fun, but could have been a lot worse. 




 I've seen some pictures on twitter of the water getting over the boardwalk, so Seabrook seems to be getting a bit of storm surge too. 




 I just drove a couple bridges over Keegans Bayou, which is near, thankfully, it is nowhere near as high as the one in your picture. 




 I like Rachel and Britta too . . , but Jennifer is why I watch traffic even though I usually leave so early traffic is not an issue. 









 I only get paid for the time I bill, and right now I don't have a file to work on (to bill for), so I wouldn't be going to the office even if there was no storm . . . sigh. 









 Agree to disagree 









 Section 8 is a federal housing program for low income people, considering that, at the national level, race and the income gap have been big political issues, I believe this is about current US politics, especially with a presidential election in 2016 and the fact that people in the Elizabeth Warren camp are going to force the Democrats to address these issues. 




 That's the best "Bill" I've seen. 




 Let's not forget the German, Czech, and Polish cultural influences in Texas, or that a lot of the old big ranches were started by ScotIrish. 




 We have our own dividing lines in Texas. As a Houstonian, I'm very different from someone who lives out in San Angelo, hell, I'm very different from people from Austin and Dallas and etc. 






















































 People started early today. I went to a Walmart around 9 this morning to get batteries and the places was already getting super busy with the water buyers. 




 A lot of garages for the smaller office buildings (like on Bering in the Galleria area and those office building clusters along the Beltway) are your best bets because they rarely have require parking cards or payment for parking. 









 It sounds like there is a low pressure system in the area, so I suspect, but I'm no expert, that the possibility for tornadoes will come when the tropical storm hits the low pressure system. 




 Think of this like the Memorial Day rain, but more widespread, with some stronger wind, and some possible tornadoes. And, it may last well into Wednesday. 




 The son of Jackson Pollack is meteorologist.  




 [I was looking through through these pictures from what's left of the Silverdome and noticed those brochures, thought others would get a kick out of seeing a bit of MLS history from 21 years ago.](http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1) 









 These brochures are apparently still in the declining Silverdome in Pontiac, Michigan.

EDIT: http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1 









 Long gone are the days when the Detroit Lions played at the Silverdome, there are a lot more pictures of the stadium in its current condition here: http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1 









 [Here's a photo gallery of the Silverdome in its current condition, which is not good at all.](http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1) 














 They've finally moved it away from being that bland car rental fleet vehicle; however, they still make the old one, now the Impala Special, for car rental companies. 




 I think it's because Dyson might be viewed as the Lexus of vacuums, plus all those commercials for it. 




 2014 Chevy Impala, the new body model. 




 The dark clouds were over Sugar Land, picture was taken in Alief. 




 Looking south towards Sugar Land. 









 I had been hoping she would have done that last night, but then again, Monica is probably better at playing the long game than the rest of the vote holders. 




 A dope smoking, masturbating to porn Steve Jobs. 




 They should have kept Richard as CEO, but brought in an "adult" to be the CFO. 




 I can see that as the idea of what he happens to happen, and if so, it'll be fun to see the hurdles Judge and the writers throw up in its path. 




 I didn't even think of that, oh my . . .  




 That's going to be so hilarious. 




 It was pretty heavy, while it lasted, but it didn't last long. 














 Stanis   his army are making me think of Napoleon invading Russia. 














 I was on the sidewalk across the street from the Criminal Courthouse. 




 I love her too, in moderate doses. 




 Amazing catch, I didn't even notice that. 




 He reminded me of a young Michael Imperioli - Goodfellas Spider era Imperioli, kept waiting for him to say "Go fuck yourself Tommy." 




 It's that red hair and cherubic face. 




 True, so true. 




 After having just binged season 3 of Orange is the New Black, that helped some with the withdrawals. Thanks OP.  Also reminds me of this old, old piece from This American Life about doing a comedy set at a prison - http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/119/lockup?act=4 




 Saw this on the news this morning, I feel bad for the guy, but really feel bad for that dog. 




 I can honestly say this is the first police Hummer I've ever seen. Based on the posts over there, looks like it was confiscated. The only LEO in Houston I've seen with a decal saying it was confiscated was a really beat old Ford F150, I actually felt bad for the Constable who had to drive it. 









 Constable Precinct One 




 Well, this vehicle, which had Constable ID on dash and was parked in the Harris County fleet fuel depot this morning, indicates otherwise (and I've seen Ghost Constable vehicles in Alief with regular Texas plates too).  




 I'm not trying to incite outrage. In the past, there have been discussion about whether or not a certain vehicle someone has seen was LEO. A lot of people are under the misconception that all LEO vehicles in Texas have "Exempt" plates, I've always maintained that is not the case, and I'm posting this picture so as to educate people here on the issue. I actually went downtown to get pictures for /r/policevehicles - and happened to see this one parked in the Harris County fleet fuel depot. 









 I've listened to NPR since the late 1980s, and haven't felt any burn out. But, I don't listen to it exclusively. In the mornings I mix my Morning Edition with local sports talk radio and sometimes Howard Stern. During the middle of the day I listen to podcasts of my favorite NPR shows or stream the music oriented WFUV out of The Bronx. I love ATC and Marketplace in the late afternoons and on the drive home. Compared to most other news media out there, NPR still serves up better news coverage of national events and world events. The other "news" radio station in Houston is just a delivery vehicle for Fox. 




 Is it David Sedarises or David Sedari - that was one of my favorite NPR related shout-outs in Season 3. 



















 It's more an issue of the license plates, there's a belief that all law enforcement vehicles in Texas have "Exempt" license plates, but that's not always the case. 




 [And another example of an unmarked Constable vehicle with regular Texas plates instead of the exempt plates.](http://i.imgur.com/bWe2B5l.jpg) 














 For a traditional lobster roll, Maine-ly sandwiches. For something a little different, the lobster roll sliders at Jonathan's Rub. 









 Most detective vehicles I've seen don't have the spotlight, it could have been a patrol vehicle that was moved over to a detective. 




 This was parked in the downtown Harris County gas depot this morning. On the dashboard there was information evidencing that it belonged to the First Precinct. 





























 I enjoyed it, enjoyed the cast. It definitely had an indie feel and while so many coming of age movies go all in on the crude stuff, this movie had more of a sweet feel to it.  



















 No, premieres next Sunday (this Sunday is the Season Finale of Game of Thrones), but critics have already received the first three episodes and the early reviews are being published. 









 This song was specifically recorded for the soundtrack of the 1987 film Less Than Zero. Rick Rubin was the music supervisor for the film. 


































 And embarrassed that I know this, Reese Witherspoon's mother in Four Christmases. . . .  




 [Here's a YouTube video titled "Mary Steenburgen Smoking"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9ACh4u79LA) 




 You should watch her in the last two seasons of Justified, she's evil. 




 [This is a fairly long legal article about the use of bear gallbladders in Asia and the development of laws in the U.S. and Canada concerning the hunting/poaching of bears solely for their gallbladders.](http://www.legalaffairs.org/issues/November-December-2002/story_todd_novdec2002.msp) For those who have licenses to legally hunt bears, things get tricky. They (or their taxidermist) can possess and sell a gallbladder (often with license/permit) attached only to those licensed to buy gallbladders. I get the impression that a lot of licensed bear hunters just destroy the gallbladder at the site of the kill so as not to accidentally run afoul of the laws. 









 Good time for a bathroom break. 




 I had always suspected that Chang was a Snakehead. But, her being involved in the illegal market for endangered animal parts makes sense too, that's crime with a big federal nexus, though many states, especially California, have applicable state laws too. [In fact that NatGeo show Wild Justice did an episode centered around Game Wardens in San Francisco's Chinatown.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3211848/) 




 The federal government has major crimes jurisdiction over Indian Reservations in non-PL 280 States (though there are exceptions). I remember one Native American activist (probably Russell Means or John Trudell, or could have been Leonard Peltier) saying that the federal correction system is the biggest Indian Reservation in the United States. Litchfield is part of the federal system so while it could get Natives from any Rez across the country, there are several nearby in New York and New England. I'm pretty certain that there are way more Native males in the system than Native females, but, plenty of Native women end up behind bars for the same reasons the current inmates of Litchfield are there. I've done a little work on accommodating the religious needs of Native inmates, and I'd just like to see OITNB address, even to a slight degree, the existence of Natives in the federal system.

EDIT: TL;DR - Because of Federal Jurisdictional Issues, OITNB should have Native American prisoners. 




 Bunk beds, buses of inmates, next season will really up the ante on the debate of the privatization of prisons in the United States. Not a fan of privatization, I look forward to how things play out. 




