 I never use voicemail. Got it disabled.  




 Or more.  




 Taxes not useful?  




 It's not wasting. It gives me pleasure.  




 Rome fell.  




 In like fine dining too,  so why not.  




 Wine is expensive everywhere.  




 This shit ain't papa joes son.  




 Menus change yearly,  and I often eat out as such restaurant. 

Generally you can expect the following:
Foie gras,  sweetbreads, various preparations of fish and meat. A fee veggie dishes. All made in a way you have never had them before. 

I prefer European style cooking by the way. I have eaten at Jiro about 5 years back. Lunch was 400 ish euro and completely amazing,  but I won't do it again.  




 Good luck. Pm me when you are done,  I'll come spend some money. 

Make sure to bring a couple of million in funding up front to get things going.  




 About 8 years now, as I said,  I have been lucky to be in the right place at the right to. 




 I currently live in inner city Frankfurt and have lived in Tokyo,  NYC,  Zurich,  and Amsterdam. Prague is pretty steep to be honest. Then again I am often in the poorer parts of CZ and compared to that everything is expensive.  




 Ah,  I understand. 

Usually bottles start around 75-100. If you want to make friends with the sommelier ask him to suggest a page 1 wine. They love it, they hardly get that question and enjoy also suggesting something on the lower side of the spectrum.  




 I'm working at a very large international supplier (top 20) of OEM automotive components in a senior management function. Also I have been fortunate my lucky in life. I'm not a millionaire or anything close,  but spending 1K on a really nice dinner once every other month or 500 once a month is absolutely not a problem. It's a hobby as well which I like to spend money on.  




 A lesson well learned. I met my wife years ago,  she's frugal as shit, it's great. More money in the bank.  




 I've seen people ordering over 100k in wine in one evening. It's really crazy. I was telling my wife the prices and types of wine they were ordering and they overheard me. I got offered a glass of 1991 Domaine Leroy Musigny Grand Cru, Cote de Nuit)(I will never forget). A bottle retails for 4500$ at distributors. They paid over 15 grand for it. The glass of wine cost over 2000$. 

They didn't care., they just wanted to have fun and share something special.  




 About 200 person for the preset menu (usually the thing to pick at a restaurant of this kinds). It was on the high side,  but not over the top. Places like Michel Bras and Paul Bocuse are much higher.  




 Remember that a 40$ bottle of wine sold at a wine importer will sell for 150-200$ in a restaurant. The factor is anywhere between 2 and 6 times the purchase value. 

These restaurants don't make much money on the food. If you have 40 seat,  but also employ 20+ kitchen staff,  plus front house staff,  including a matre and a sommelier that will make absolute bank if they are half decent,  you need to win it back on the wine.  




 Or I just like to spend money and can easily afford it?  




 The thing is. For some people 5 grand is the same as 5 euro is for you and me. At a certain point money is taken out of the equation. Good for the economy as well.  That 5K bottle of wine is taxed as well.  




 The courses are really small. Like 2-3 bites each. There is no huge steak. There is probably a course that is 2 Oz. Of perfectly prepared veal tenderloin or whatnot.  




 This is for 1 and 2 Michelin star restaurants. 

I was in Prague last month and went to the only 1 star restaurant there. I think the total bill for 2 people,  14 course with wine came to 480 euro. Not too terrible for an expensive city like Prague.  




 Usually the menu is very affordable. Between 75 and 150 per person. Add a page 1 wine for 50-100 and enjoy.  




 Please be aware different people have different incomes and spending habits.  




 It's hit and miss. I like fine dining. The food is amazing. The wine is overpriced. I usually take the wine menu for around 75-100 which pairs a wine with every course.  




 300 was a page 1 wine. They had bottles over 5 grand on the menu.  




 Went on a date with a chick that was clearly a gold digger. I never suggested I'd pay the bill and told her to find a restaurant she'd like. Cue the evening and we're in a 2 Michelin star place. I'm looking at a 400 food bill without wine and she orders a 300 euro bottle of wine for herself. 

Now I would have paid, but she was a total cunt. It became very clear that she was pulling this shit often to get free fancy meals. 

Ate my food,  didn't drink the wine (driving). Got up. Paid for my food and the bottle of water I had and told the waiter we were going Dutch. He laughed,  gave me my receipt,  I tipped him 25% and left. 

No clue what ever happened afterwards as I didn't pick up the 67 missed calls and blocker her on Facebook.  




 At this point I am entirely convinced a full contingency plan is available and that a Grexit will be well contained. Greece will be completely fucked though and a humanitarian disaster. 




 That chicken blender is pretty much the most humane way to disposing of male chicks.  




 This comes to about 295 euro incl shipping to many mainland countries. For me that's about 80 less than the cheapest available here.  




 Wrong sub.  This should be in /r/awesome.  




 The day PaoPot fired kickme444 was the day Christmas died.  




 There were some plans to build 2 modern next gen nuclear plants in my country. The ecofascists and "green party"  has a smear campaign comparing it to Chernobyl. It was sickening. In the end I think they're build a new coal plant. Gotta enjoy that CEO and radioactive dust that thing is going to bellow out 




 Fear of nuclear energy. Modern nuclear technology is save,  zero co2 and in between breeder,  burner and various other types of reactors there is almost no waste. 

The fear is just irrational fear mongering by people stuck in the 80s. 




 About 10 years ago I worked in a phone store. It was even worse then. I personally had to send away a girl that signed up for 4 contracts because she thought she was getting them for free.  Her credit check failed on the spot.  There are so many idiots in the thread it's absolutely ridiculous. Free phones!  Sign me up.  




 Custom kernel with good kernel management. 

* Selective core shutdown
* Lower max cpu frequency 
* Undervolting cpu
* Underclocking gpu
* Don't run screen about 25-50% brightness
* Run greenify and Kill random wakelocks

Currently enjoying a solid 6.5 hour SOT on my Nexus 6. 




 Don't forget inflation. If the price stayed the same for 10 years on the same quantity it's significantly cheaper. (at 3% annual inflation about 34%) 




 In Europe we have Mediamarkt and Saturn. All partnumbers on expensive electronics are custom to them. It's a sham. 




 My pension fund has an annual performance of..... 17%. 

Each year I get a letter that my pension is lowered due to unforseen circumstances. 

We had a small, optional course during my MBA (HEC) on pension funds. For some pension funds the average cost (including profit to the pension fund provider)  of the entire pension is roughly 100K per member. It's pretty crazy.  




 In my previous employer we had security cameras. Just the shell and a red led. Theft dropped significantly.  




 Explain to me your train of logic that allows Verizon to sell you a 599 phone for either 0 or 199 from the goodness of their heart. After all it's free. They must be the most altruistic organisation on the planet. Modern day saints even just handing out money as a private organisation. 

Grow up.  




 They you got scammed by Verizon.  




 Actually no. You're falling victim to clever marketing. The phone costs 599 with a 199 down payment and 400 spread over 24 months. 

It's still a good deal with a 199 discount over the Google play price. However that 400$ you're still paying wrapped into your monthly fee. Why do you think sim only contracts are cheaper ;)  




 It came to ~400$ spread over 24 months and no up front cost. Don't use poor people logic to think it's free. 

Thinking it's free makes you a victim to clever marketing. Same thing has been made illegal in my country recently. You're basically taking out a 2 year loan on the phone.  




 Nope. The payment is still wrapped in your contract fee. You didn't change your contract price because you were already paying for your old phone. 




 Wrong. The phone doesn't cost 199. It costs 599. You pay 199 up front and 400 spread over the term of the contract. Please don't be so ignorant.  




 It's not free. You're just paying the price of the phone in 24 monthly payments. What you mean is "no down payment".  




