 I pretty much all leftovers up to a 1-1.5 weeks ago. Never had a problem with anything before. Just make sure they are getting properly refrigerated after cooking.  




 I still cry every time I read it.  




 I have a feeling this person is gonna get expelled and face criminal charges. Kind of curious what motivated them to do this - seems really dumb.  




 Sorry can't make it, will be working.  




 I love this! Do you have a romanization of the arabic saying?  




 Holy shit - this guy was one of my econ TAs back at Duke.  




 Edit: Duke game at 5 pm so sorry guys don't think I'll make it. :( 




 Someone please remind me about this... I will totally forget otherwise.  




 Ditto - that's what I thought OP meant in the title. That would be a hilarious compilation.  




 Yes! Actually while I was in college, Gmail filtered an interview email from Google itself into my spam folder which was complete fail. Unfortunately, I didn't see it until 3 weeks later so I completely missed out on that which really sucked.  




 Sorry - still out of town on business trip. Be back next week.  




 I thought it was Ward at first walking out of the ocean in that opening scene. Got really excited for a split second.  




 That sounds like Samuel L Jackson from Kingsmen trying to read their names normally.  




 Let's take a vote guys. Bobbi/Mack = SWORD: yay or nay?  




 I bet if it ever came down to it, Bobbi's totally going to place the blame all on Mack when he tries to go to her for help or to try and cover it up. That or they're gonna try and bring Hunter in on whatever they are.   




 I bet Bobbi's totally going to place the blame all on Mack when he tries to go to her for help.  




 I totally thought it was Ward when they showed that first shot of Lady Sif walking out of the ocean. I got really excited for a moment.  




 I did think he was going to reach down deep inside him and bring out those crazy strength powers and beat up the Kree.  




 Love Hunter just walking nonchalantly in like eh, just some inter team sexual tension, no biggie.  




 I'm starting to really dislike Mack, maybe because he's been so shady these past few eps. And I liked him so much when he and Fitz were the dream team. :(  




 That just sounds like pornographic skittles.  




 Simmons bailing on Fitz was kinda shitty too though (regardless of her reasons). :/  




 Especially when Whedons are involved. :(  




 Yeah I like how everyone's like we totally weren't going to do anything bad to our *friend* Skye. Lies. You were ready to lynch her last episode.  




 Too soon.  




 Those pesky Whedons better not do anything to my precious Hunter!  




 Well at least they didnt drag out the Skye pretending to hide her Inhuman powers. Though I did think the reveal was a little bit underwhelming.  




 NOO! Hunter!! Whedons you better not do anything to him!  




 Coulson: Who can explain the mysteries of the Asgardian brain?  
May, with extreme snark: I can  




 I felt like Lady Sif was underused in this episode. Also, felt a little too much like a filler ep overall. I thought it killed the momentum from last week a little bit.  




 Sorry will be out of town for the next 2 weeks.  




 The Three Musketeers (Disney version with Keifer Sutherland)  




 Sorry doesn't look likely that I'll be able to make it.  




 Will try to get my work done so I can make it. Keep you guys posted.  




 Dan Stevens is on the up and up. Can't wait to see all the amazing stuff he does in the future. 









 Second this. I'm a big fan of the Daughter of the Lioness books (there's only two sadly).  




 And then the camera pulling out to show the pic of the Howling Commandos on the wall. Three generations of family dedicated to fighting Hydra. :(  




 These two deserve their fates. And each other.  




 Yup, they're are just rocking it. :)  




 That scene where Coulson has to deliver the bad news to Tripp's mom is just heartbreaking. :( And then that camera pulls into the apartment to the picture of the Howling Commandos on the wall and it's even more gut wrenching. Three generations of the family dedicated to fighting Hydra.  




 That would be so awesome as next season with a tie with Captain America 3.  




 Agreed, she's just so kind and considerate normally that it seems like a total 180 in personality for her. :/  




 I hope so. While it would be interesting to see a Fitz vs Simmons square off, I really disliked Simmons' angry outbursts this episode. :( She's just so nice normally.  




 Promises were made! 

https://twitter.com/ChloeBennet4/status/572787751835213824 




 Cut off a limb, and two more shall take its place! 




 The premise of the show is ridiculous: *Dr. Henry Morgan (Ioan Gruffudd) is a New York City medical examiner who studies the dead for criminal cases, and to solve the mystery of his own immortality. Since his first death 200 years ago while working as a doctor in the African slave trade, Morgan disappears almost immediately each time he dies, and returns to life naked in a nearby body of water.* 

The pilot is also laughably bad.  




 Hm that would be interesting - I had not considered the possibility that Bobbi and Mack were working for Fury (or some other Shield faction).  




 Would love to see them tie Agents of Shield back into the MCU movies. Even as quick cameo appearances.  




 The things I'm so happy have to back: 

* May being awesome.
* May and Coulson carrying on like an old married couple.  
* Bobbi and Hunter giving each other shit  
* Cal and Raina's batshit craziness. 
* Puns.
* Coulson's red car. 
* Tripp :(   




 I was just thinking about how I don't think of them as FitzSimmons anymore but as Fitz and Jemma (I feel like they say her first name a lot more now.)  




 Or as Bobbi would put it, "you're a rock star Skye."   




 I think they tried a tiniest bit too hard to make Skyes new powers a horrible thing and turn the team/teams perception against her. I thought Jemmas outbursts were a little much. And Fitz freaking out and suddenly covering for Skye a little out of character as well. I understand the plot point, but I hope this doesnt turn into a whole season of Skye hiding her powers from everyone except Fitz. 

Also, did anyone else think that Fitz was suddenly very articulate after he came back in with Skyes fake results? 
 




 I thought for a moment there that Hunter was a Hydra spy in that post car crash/escape scene.  




 The married adventures of Coulson and May continues with some scriptwriting role playing. 

Theyll never take us alive? Really? A little over the top dont you think? 

We only had a day to come up with the whole thing, and if I had let you write the script, no one would say anything.   




 I think they tried a tiniest bit too hard to make Skyes new powers a horrible thing and turn the team/teams perception against her. I thought Jemmas outbursts were a little much. And Fitz freaking out and suddenly covering for Skye. I understand the plot point, but I hope this doesnt turn into a whole season of Skye hiding her powers from everyone except Fitz. 

Also, did anyone else think that Fitz was suddenly very articulate after he came back in with Skyes fake results?  




 Poor Coulson, having to deliver the bad news to Tripps mom. :( 
 




 *Shell never love you, you stupid man.* 

Cal is insane. Loved his pure glee at finding out Skye had transformed post metamorphosis.
 




 For the tiniest moment, I thought Hunter was a traitor. 
 




 Sierra returns!!  




 I think youre a rock star. Ha. I see what you did there Bobbi.  




 Coulson always telling it like it is. If Tripp were here, he wouldnt be arguing, he wouldnt be complaining, he wouldnt be bitching. ...Tripp :(  




 Of course Coulson would have a replica of his precious car in his office.  




 Are Bobbi and Mack traitors??? 




 That was a very Godfather-esque sequence where they killed the other members of the Hydra inner council. 
 




 God I have missed Bobbi and Hunter.

Drop the accent, it makes you sound like a douchebag.

Were in a support group. 

AHAHAHA. Thats the best thing you could have said. 

Youre a jackass.  

So do you guys pass around a talking stick or? 
/jab in side  




 Lol Coulson's replica car.  




 Are Bobbie and Mack traitors????  




 Um why did Fitz suddenly lie after freaking out?  




 THEY SAID IT INHUMAN.  




 For the *tiniest* moment, I thought Hunter was a traitor. 
 




 Coulson always telling it like it is. If Tripp were here, he wouldnt be arguing, he wouldnt be complaining, he wouldnt be bitching.  




 "I think you're rock star." Ha. Ha.  




 I see this as more of a popular/people's vote, just like IMDB is. Dark Knight is very highly ranked there as well.  




 TIL Reddit really likes The Social Network... #39??  




 More like 1/10 would not binge this season if not for s1 and s2 hype.  




 I'm going to be late because of work. I'll try to be there by 3.  




 Absolutely. She looks way better as a blonde and it gave her an air of fair beauty that contrasted amazingly with her icy personality. 

 




 It was like Frank Underwood was staring straight into your soul.  




 For some reason that scene between Claire and the writer made me think that the writer is gonna be interested in Claire and her story and wind up publishing an expose on Frank instead that winds up ruining him more and fueling Claire's rise to power. 
 




 I thought he was giving him a very valuable life lesson. Yes, everyone should strive to be the best that they can be, but admit the limitations they were born with as well - whether it be height or money or ethnicity. There's a difference between a dream and a fantasy indeed.  




 Which I thought was weird because she spent the entire season completely spurning him and getting happily married.  




 I highly doubt it.  




 I'm not sure if I buy into Frank caring about Doug just yet. Maybe I've just become cynical after everything I've seen of Frank or maybe I'm just getting horrible flashbacks of the Peter Russo incident. If he cares about Doug, why has he been sidelining and ignoring him this entire season so far? He must know how fiercely loyal Doug is and that all he wants is for Frank to succeed and that it will only drive Doug to the current state that he's in. 

I don't buy it, it has to be a play. 
 




 Let's hope he escapes the fall out from Frank like Jesse does in the end though.  




 Though she was all smiles when she stepped back into the other room. So scary as well.  




 But if he cares about Doug, why has he been sidelining and ignoring him this entire season so far? He must know how fiercely loyal Doug is and that all he wants is for Frank to succeed and that it will only drive Doug to the current state that he's in. 
I don't buy it, it has to be a play.  




 If they're going down that path, they need show more Meechum in these next few episodes.  




 Absolutely. She looks way better as a blonde and it gave her an air of fair beauty that contrasted amazingly with her icy personality.  




 Is anyone else just really over this Russia/Petrov storyline this season? As much as I like Lars Mikkelsen, I feel like Frank has just been getting dominated by this Petrov all season, but crawling back to try and make peace. And that storyline is honestly sort of yawn worthy overall.  




 For real. Though at least I buy into him (mostly because he's been sort of pathetic all season), but Frank crying earlier in the season was really jarring.  




 I didn't realize this was up for debate. Especially since Doug is alive.  




 I really wanted to see him butt heads again with Claire (and her take him down) or with Frank. Boo.  




 There is not enough of Meechum in this season so far. Highly disappointed.  




 I have to say even though I'm hanging in there, I'm definitely not enjoying this season nearly as much as the first two. :/  




 Freddy being the realist.  




 I also thought it was weird because when I'm crying or upset, the last thing I want to do is have sex. I feel like that's furthest away thing I want to do. So in that sense, I almost felt like Claire violated him. (Even though he appeared to be right as rain the next day.)  




 I also thought it was weird because when I'm crying or upset, the last thing I want to do is have sex. I feel like that's furthest away thing I want to do. So in that sense, I almost felt like Claire violated him. (Even though he appeared to be right as rain the next day.)  




 Wow I totally forgot about that until you just brought it up. Feel like anything weird sexually is eclipsed by the threechum.  




 I wasn't really sold on him in the beginning, but I have to say he's really grown on me. All of the supporting characters have been kind of weak this season so far (Remy, Meechum, Seth, etc), so I'm really glad his character is really getting fleshed out here.  




 Or some other conflict around scheduling, actor/director relationship or personal matter. 

It's too bad we didn't get to see Frank and him butt heads directly, especially after he was such a dick to Claire during the Senate hearing.  




 Cruel to some, but I thought he was giving him a very valuable life lesson. Yes, everyone should strive to be the best that they can be, but admit the limitations they were born with as well - whether it be height or money or ethnicity. There's a difference between a dream and a fantasy indeed.  




 Hm I'm not entirely convinced he's a double agent. I think he's doing this of his own accord because he sees this as the only possible for him to get back into Frank's inner circle and prove his worth.  




 The moment he admitted he didn't write the majority of Scorpio to Frank, I was like these guys are cut from the same cloth - they will get along just fine.  




 Stop teasing us with all these tiny glimpses of Meechum. We want moar.  




 I almost feel like the term flash forward is from Lost so yeah definitely gave off that vibe. 




 Agreed. They were completely nasty to each other. I want Team Underwood back though I'm starring to think that Claire is just setting herself up for when Frank inevitably falls from power. And this is all just sly political maneuvering.  




 Love the non linear open that turns out to be a flash forward and not a flash back.  




 Oh damn... did not see that one. I was too busy just hoping that Netflix has to do a fourth season based on the number of cards in a deck.  




 Lol at the monks and Meechum's deadpan delivery of "they'll be here for a month."  




 I still can't decide if it was a good move, a calculated move or Claire's political inexperience or morality coming into play here.  




 I'm still reeling... I think this is the first time we've seen the two of them just go at each other completely unfiltered like that.  




 Did I miss something or is there a reason Claire and Frank aren't sleeping in the same bed or room? 

Edit: Nm apparently I just needed to watch more of the ep.  




 Frank moving on from Call of Duty onto indie games? I approve.  




 Dat product placement.  




 I like how he's still holding onto a piece of it too. Just standing there like a little kid with cookie crumbs on his hands like noope wasn't me.  




 I really thought that's where the episode was going with that scene with Petrov saying he needed to think about what he wanted and Frank commenting he knew exactly. Especially after Frank told Claire to work her charm on him. I thought were literally about to see Frank pimp Claire out as Petrov pointed out.  




 Damn did not recognize him without that beard he was sporting in Sherlock last season. I thought he looked and sounded awfully familiar. 




 "To President Petrov... and his little pickle."  




 If only Frank had expressed his stairway thoughts outloud while the two of them were lighting up.  




 I wonder if Doug is making moves or just making moves to get back in Frank's good graces... hmm... though I'm not sure why Frank decided to completely sideline Doug to begin with. Seems like he could use all the allies he can get right now.  




 Just beautiful and elegant. I wish I had black tie events to go to so I would have a reason to dresses like that.  




 Might be higher cost of living in DC. I have a few friends who live there and their rent and such is pretty high. Also, you'd probably be working all the time in a job like that. (Just watch any of the West Wing staff - I felt like they never slept.)  




 A bit jarring as the end credits but it also sucked that Netflix's auto proceed to next episode timer kicked in so soon. They should have let the credits run here.  




