














 What a relief! 




 YUP! No pic, it didn't happen! 




 Any chance they get new writers in?  




 Lucky you.  














 Have you ever had any struggles with money (urgent need) and compromising values? 









 Holy crap! Was he in the womb for 2 years? 




 Love that description...and now that you mention it... 




 Altheticism + brains = WIN! 




 More sad than funny, I think. 




 Except there's a difference between blowing up fish and law enforcers whom criminals *tend* to dislike, ey? 









 Same here. But reading the other comments...darn, I'm never going to look at those pits the same way again. 




 Try [this](http://www.bloggingpro.com/jobs/view/hiring-journalists-and-all-content-writers). They pay $2 per list item if I'm not mistaken. 









 He looks like that dude in The Princess Bride. I can't, for the life of me remember his name. 




 Brilliant. I'm renaming *that* folder to Poop. 




 Then fall over after and become Intersects. 




 Sweet! I remember a friend giving that to me for my birthday eons ago. Now you've reminded me to look for it. 









 Yeah, quite stupid. Vets can do it for a fee, but an old dude who probably wants to do it to a beloved pet himself has to be punished! 




 Aside from being a freelance writer, I am also a professional nap-taker. So, yeah, definitely nap.

Seriously, though, it is better to nap. Your work will be better if you do. 




 Exactly. I was like, "What's up with the font?" 









 First thing that came to mind. Then the Iron Throne cutting me up just as bad. 









 Squeed here, too! 









 Same here. Plus a longer season might not give players enough time to recover. 









 Is it [Haley's goat Mutumbo](http://americandad.wikia.com/wiki/Mutumbo_the_Goat)? 




 Sweet. In more than one sense. 









 I get that. 




 Wow. Content work or personal (novel/essays/etc.)? 




 It sure does.  




 Yes, the faces make the photos totally fun. It's probably a marketing stint, but it still shows how cool the actors are, I think. 














 I say don't show it anywhere! 














 Speaking from an editor's point of view, this is one of the best ways (if not the best) to leave a gig. You're firm but more than courteous, and you don't burn any bridges. 




 No need for that brown paper bag either. 




 They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for. 
 Tom Bodett 




 I can't say how much this makes me feel stronger. 




 LOL. I know I am in r/geek, but I really thought I was going to see some squeaky little furry critters. 









 Talk about timing. 




 Had to google him, so nope. ;) 




 You have a point. Unless you can say 9/10 at the very least. 



















 This never gets old. 









 First try. 




 Next year, they're going to be bad again.  




 Yeah, minifigs have to be part of emojis. They're a race of their own. 



















 Same here. Although I'm starting to re-think this point because my of storage space on the MBA.  




 You got 9th perfectly! My favorite episode ever. Thanks! 














 Goodness gracious me. I hope this is not a hyped up thing that eventually disappoints. 




 Sarcastic or not, your image made me laugh. 




 How's the accent and disarming smile? 









