 Chinese go there to remind themself what a fuck up place China will be like if they have not changed in the 70s 




 Extraordinary rendition is without legal process. this is just rendition
 
 














 well that escalated quickly 




 they should assign White Power Bill to provide him dental care with gardening tools 




 shacked up with Xavi and Pirlo? 




 so this is a plot of big whiskey?  
























 dont some Canadian also think they live in a Harper dictatorship? 














 but spice is illegal 





























 Clapton is God 














 A true 1% biker 









 you mean runs wild inside 









 are you not entertained? 




 which is more likely, someone hack the cars, or someone get drunk and crash? 




 the best solution is all human not allow to drive. so automated cars can drive on the road at maximum speed. 




 they have HR problem like any company, they even fire people for not following HR policy

http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/05/shortcomings-of-al-qaedas-worst-employee.html

The AP found the copy of the letter to Belmoktar in a building in Mali formerly occupied by Al Qaeda fighters. It details his faults, from failing to file his expense reports to a lack of teamwork. The highlights, below:

Does not work well with others: "Abu Abbas is not willing to follow anyone," AQIM wrote, referring to Belmoktar by his nom de guerre, Khaled Abu Abbas. "He is only willing to be followed and obeyed."

Failed to meet fund-raising targets: Belmoktar's men held Canadian diplomat Robert Fowler and his colleague hostage for four months in 2008. Fowler wrote a book about it. AQIM "referred the case to al-Qaeda central to force concessions in the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan," but Belmoktar made his own deal, releasing both hostages for 700,000 euros, well below the going $3 million rate.

Poor allocation of resources: AQIM's Osama bin Ladenapproved business model was to kidnap tourists and aid workers, hold them for ransom, then use the money to buy arms and carry out attacks. But Belmoktar didn't manage his resources to their satisfaction, per the letter: "(The chapter) gave Abu Abbas a considerable amount of money to buy military material, despite its own great need for money at the time. ... Abu Abbas didn't participate in stepping up to buy weapons," it says. "So whose performance deserves to be called poor in this case, I wonder?"

Insubordination: "He ignored a meeting in Timbuktu, calling it 'useless.' He even ordered his men to refuse to meet with al-Qaida emissaries. And he aired the organization's dirty laundry in online jihadist forums, even while refusing to communicate with the chapter via the Internet, claiming it was insecure."

Failure to achieve performance goals: "Any observer of the armed actions (carried out) in the Sahara will clearly notice the failure of The Masked Brigade to carry out spectacular operations, despite the region's vast possibilities  there are plenty of mujahedeen, funding is available, weapons are widespread and strategic targets are within reach," AP quotes from the letter. "Your brigade did not achieve a single spectacular operation targeting the crusader alliance." 



















 al-qaeda is a multinational operation, they need a fair amount of middle management to operate the logistic and HR.  


































 you need to wait till Bowser become CEO and launch a hostile take over bid.  
























 they pay the iron price 














 If the gang want a war with the police they will be all dead

Have you seen those military firepower police now have? 



















 what US police forces? 









 Penny Dreadful, you are much more likely to see sudden full frontal male nudity on it than HBO.  














 You cannot stop this important science  




 Twin Peaks is not a restaurant any parent will take their kids to. the twin are not referring to two mountain. 



















 half time is team brain storm session for best zinger 




 Damn it, Reign and Ambrose should know you never let a bro hanging 




 Russia did not sent their greatest player to this game 



















 how is the cops punishing the owner? the owner is ending the franchise agreement for PR reason. 




 he live in Florida, there are many Florida Man out there 














 These guys are really working hard to get their club banned 














 this will be in the battle of episode 9, Kingslanding will be fighting a rampaging mountainstein while Meereen will be fighting stone zombie outbreak 




 this sound like precisely what the biker gangs in Australia said when the gov hit hard on their freedom to associate. 




 Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light. 














 Daario 2.0 is pleasuring Danny as they speak 




 now full time Westeros ISIS 




 also little finger's epic burn on the religious fanatic. 









 where can i get the most stable supply of cock?  




 i am interested in becoming a cock merchant, any tips on how to get started? 




 Awaiting the TIFU post from suspect 



















 does it have something to do with that vault? 









 bet they dont tell you this in those tourism ads 
























 this guy have to win the primary, it would be a brilliant election season 
























 Stalin is a master of ethic purging 




 Borat will be mad, Borat should be the one honoured with a statue not this Georgian foreigner.  









 he is trying to go back to the good old days, when footballer take performance inhibiting drug instead of performance enhancement drug 









 How do one decide gay sex reach steamy hot level 









 but that is his primary motive, he is a ginger supremacist that want to kill non ginger people with the cyanide and blow Prince Charles's head off so the ginger Prince Harry may be closer to be king. 









 the street does not know 




 depend if they think he is high risk enough to be sent to the supermax like other top terrorist. 
























 do remember Guy Fawkes is a Catholic supremacist seeking to impose the authority of the Pope on England 














 maybe they will both lose, Hezbollah is moving in strong from the other side. 









 that may be precisely the plan of the botanist 




 wont this mess up the eco system? 




 stem consumption by harder jail time? that have hardly worked after decades of war on drug. 




 media does not always need FOIA request to get police arrest report.

in state with high open government level like Florida, the police will just email the entire report to the reporters or post all the report online. leading to great Florida Man stories everyday complete with mugshot and detail of the craziness.

http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/how-floridas-proud-open-government-laws-lead-to-the-shame-of-florida-man-news-stories-7608595 




 to be fair, there is a lot of mess up stuff in those mythology. 
 




 i think this have to with the open government level of the state. 




 imagine botanist as the drug lord of the future, if these butterfly eat the leave, maybe the cocaine is deposit inside the butterfly.  




 i think it should, if the creation of the video and photo involve abuse and the demand of it is fueling the creation. it should be a crime to have those material, just like CP 





























 Kim Jong Il have been dead for several years 




 Mic drop. exit stage left 




 it is just Florida Man 



















 this is like the final boss battle 




 you mean her customer experience at BB T trigger this rampage? 









 my coke dealer agree 




 it is a reseau plate in the camera, to help with image correction

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reseau_plate 




 Now you know why Russia ban gay propaganda 



















 if it is not a problem in soviet time, why did Brezhnev need to have a high profile speech to denounce antisemitism in 1981? 









 never? how about the long history of pogrom? 














 if he is a true terrorist, he would be welcoming the death sentence, not a lifetime of solitary in a supermax. 




 they are stone zombie, now Jorad will bring the stone zombie outbreak to Meereen. 




 Lord Friendzone of House Mormont have turn out to be the most tragic character of the entire show. 
























 the sentence for making materially false statement is more severe when it is related to terrorism 




 it is going to be more usefull there precisely because the electric supply grid is shit. 














 the Porsche can never be the same again 









 careful not to be honeydicked 




 is this how the Meereen arc for season 5 end? with a outbreak of stone zombie? 




 are they keep hyping up Stannis to harvest the feels of his death later? we know too well the way those bastards work. 




 if they are going to reboot to make Hugh Laurie the lead, please please have Rowan Atkinson, Stephen Fry and Tony Robinson as his staff. 
 














 he could have a career in tabloid  




 you may be able to get majority to support legalization of weeds and MDMA, but how about stuff like meth and bath salts?  
























 no so familiar with UKIP, but is there large number of UKIP supporter that agree with the general idea of the party but at the same time think Nigel Farage is an idiot? 





























 the is precisely a song to lure people to disaster, in no scenario will this end well for those that follow the call. they will either be dead or in supermax for the rest of their life. 




 Assad receive support of weapon and troops from Iran and Russia, they are always in a uphill battle if the West does not give them heavy weapons.  
























 there is a company named cyberdyne making robotic

their first robotic suit name is HAL....

http://www.cyberdyne.jp/english/ 









