 and /lookatthisolddoll 




 Damn, I was gonna post exactly this... 




 He was asking for it, wearing those sexy clothes. Anyway, I bet he even enjoyed it. 




 I'm thinking that already. 




 I love black holes. They are dark mother fuckers that one day will destroy the whole universe. 




 If that works for you and you are happy this way, go ahead. There have always been recluse, hermit and antisocial people, living appart from society, in a cabin in the woods, or shut in their studios. I know some people that live like this and they are happy. I don't like personally this way of living, but I don't see there is any problem for them.

My concern is, as you say, that this can be bad for young people that have social problems. Some communities are reinforcing this attitudes that can cripple their abbilities and lead to problems like depresion.

Maybe I'm just getting old (I'm 34) and I'm in my new-things-are-the-devil phase. But, honestly, as the years pass, I'm witnessing how some concerning phenomena are appearing as the Internet evolves.

I know, saying "get out and get a social live" can be too rude and cliche, and it's not something so simple to do. When I wrote that I was angry, sad and concerned about these people. 




 I have. It's interesting if you are into experimental arts. But yes, it's long and slow. I think you can find an explanation of the meaning of each scene on the wikipedia article. 




 They download it from the internet. 




 "lol white people are so weird". I get it, white people dance funny and don't know how to bro fist properly but what the fuck has this to do with race? Don't other races make crazy creepy art?

Those comments are made by young ignorant brainwashed people, I guess.

Damn, sometimes reading the comments section is a dangerous idea. 




 The comments in that site are very sad. Lots of people saying "White people are weird" and "Only liberals would take their children to watch this". Can you just appreciate something crazy, funny and genuine? Haven't you ever seen something provoking in your life, something truly artistic? Yeah, it has a pig, and guts, and a baby being given birth, and a vagina and a penis urinating on people. So? For god sake, it's funny. Did they miss all of the avant-garde art movements in the 20 century? Not everything in art is a fucking Marvel movie, a Disney movie or an HBO series. 




 This is a hommage to all the helpless children who get eaten by monsters every year.

I'm glad somebody finally portrayed this subject. I don't think it's getting an appropiate treatment in the media. 




 And "taco" means "cuss word" in Spain. 




 This "last time" shower thoughts always hit me right in the feels for some reason.

[Like this one](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/37w0ej/there_will_be_a_last_time_anyone_says_your_name/) 




  They should either not exist, or be an uncontrollable force of chaos.

I prefer them this way in the story: being weapons with complicated moral implications. 




 It's a very interesting concept. Being your own master. Taking care of yourself and give yourself orders, respecting yourself. Having always your own autorithy there to guide you.

Go ahead, wear a collar. There are lots of goth and punk girls doing it.

Some day you'll find something special you can wear to symbolize your subjugation to your master. 




 That's because Jesus magic comes from God, and witches' magic comes from their pacts with the devil. 




 I'm sure somebody thought this was perfect for a girl bedroom and that she would always sleep peacefully being watched by all those empty eyes. 




 Daenerys has dragons. So? The Lannisters have gold and the throne, the Starks had the Wall and the support of a lot of people in the north, the Tyrells have food, Valirya had strange stuff like valyrian fire and steel... There are many different forces clashing in the saga. And there are some mytical creatures like giants and white walkers and, yes, dragons, but very scarce and as remnants of past ages. They just enrich the story and fit the medieval fantastic setting, but in a subtle way, leaving space for political plot.

Yeah, Daenerys has a lot of stuff but she doesn't know what to do with all that. She is too worried about being the perfect queen and fixing every injustice she finds. 




 She hasn't won yet because she's too busy trying to make justice and fixing every social problem in her way to the iron throne. 




 At first I didn't understand this statement neither, but after thinking for a while, I believe he means it's like she had an unending supply of atomic bombs. You spend bombs and have to built some more, but dragons power doesn't exhaust, at least not in the same way that bombs. 




 You have a nice premise there for a sci-fi novel. 




 This is good material for r/deepintoyoutube 




 Hostia puta! 









 Does the melody even follow the beat? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYzIxU_G22Q 




 No niego que "duende" tenga el sentido amplio que le da el diccionario, pero estamos intentando hacer saber a los dems usuarios que el uso que se le da en la ilustracin no es muy habitual ni actual. 

Aparte de eso, buena explicacin. 




 Well, she posted nude pics and videos masturbating. I wouldn't call that "shy".

 




 Sexy suit 




 Please, please, tell me she isn't u/absinthedoctor. I was checking her profile and all her comments are rude, downvoted, calling people names and wishing some people die. What an incredible brat. That would be a turn off.

Edit: OK. I think it's not her. He posted [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls/comments/36lhm7/short_hair_selfies/crfehsg), saying "videos of **her** masturbating".
http://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls/comments/36lhm7/short_hair_selfies/crfehsg 




 Oh, god, thanks for this set. I found some time ago that pic with the mouse in the mouth and I had to save it. It's one of my favorite. And now this... God, it's my dream girl. 




 I must say this boy is quite creative. It's an unusual way to represent your parents. Not the typical drawing. 




 Just like every language do. 




 Yeah, it's more like a gnome. Actually in Spain we mostly use this word referring to flamenco artists very captivating or with a stroke of genius, like if some fairy poured some magic dust on him. 




 Maybe a more appropiate title for this would be "Words that haven't an equivalent in english". 




 I'm afraid you just were memed.

Or copypasted. 




 Maybe there was a time when "duende" was applied to any form of artistic talent, but today we only use it when talking about a talented flamenco artist. I guess you could use this word while talking about other kind of artists, specially talented people, people with "spirit", or a stroke of genius or artists that captivate you. But, really, we almost use it only referring to flamenco.

Source: I live in Spain. 




 We say "friolero" in Spain with that exact meaning. 




 I like to watch the brush strokes from up close. I can feel every movement the hand of the artist made years and maybe decades ago. It's like he is speaking to me, like a travel in time. I can feel the artist there with me. 




 In Spanish we have a word for "schlimazl". We say "gafe". 




 The [langoliers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Langoliers) eat it all (spoilers). 




 Madre del amor hermoso! 




 lol shelfonso! 




 I just think its arrogant that you think you're in a place to tell people what to do with their lives

I'm not in 4chan telling those guys what to do. I'm in Reddit telling my opinion about their attitude. My opinion is that they should stop romanticizing social incompetence and hating what they considere is "normal".

and pathetic to react with fear towards people who make different choices than you.

I don't feel fear like this people would come to my house and stab me. I feel fear for the future of this people. I could just not care about them at all, you know, they are probably not even in my same continent. But I'm afraid of some effects of technology on people these days.

What are those choices you say they took? Playing videogames? Smoking weed? Surfing the internet? I have no problem with that. I have a problem with the fact that being secluded and hating social people is becoming a cool attitude in some places in the net. What kind of individuals is this going to produce in the future?

By the way, you don't know me. You don't know what choices I have taken in my life. Maybe you'll be surprised. Maybe I'm too similar to this people I'm talking about. 




 If you like that video chek out the channel, Memory Hole. It's a goldmine, pure r/creepy material. 




 And Gilgamesh 




 Oh, God, how I loved that guy. 




 Maybe about walking on the sand of the beach and taking hot baths. 




 Actually in the games it's errant heroes and warriors who loot the bodies, and they are not exactly rich people. 




 It depends. I don't think they would like Merzbow or Whitehouse, for example. 




 Yes, they can do be 




 He finally found "the sound". 




 Perspective. 




 No problem. This happens to me now and then.

I should have reread my text before sending it. 




 Ok, I'm insensitive and selfish, and this people are gonna do great in life hating "normal" people and not evolving. Whatever, buddy. 




 Ok. I'm not a native english speaker. Writing all this is hard for me, you know. 




 I think there are two possibilities:

1. The kid died while on the swing. He would have fell off. There is no way somebody dies in such a peaceful way he just keeps sitting in a swing. The mother, for no apparent reason, went crazy at that precise moment, didn't care about his death, sat the kid back on the swing and kept on pushing him until the next day.

2. The kid died. The mom went crazy, couldn't accept it and wanted to play with his dead child a little more. She took the body to the park.

Both are crazy and scary, but the first one doesn't sound plausible to me. 




 The most terrifying part of this for me is that the child died and then the mother carried his corpse to the park. 




 The shadow on the moon is round because Earth is a disc. A flat disc. 




 Time machines will not transport you to certain space and time. They will insert your data into the code of another moment in history. It's not a matter of things moving, but of the language the universe is programmed on. 




 I think about this very often. I am almost convinced that this reality is an enormous simulation, a videogame made with a programming language so complex we can't even imagine. There are some gods/players/spectators watching us and maybe controling us. Maybe this is a game they play or just an experiment. I'm not sure about this yet. 




 Choo choo motherfucker! 




 I heard there is a secret entrance to heaven in the bathrooms of some Walmart in Boston. 




 I don't get this. Could you elaborate, please? Did he mention Mia in his lyrics  or something? 




 Finally. I was tired of lists with the same creepy videos again and again. 




 I was expecting some picture. That would have improve the story. Like the girl sending photos of what she is seeing. The guy getting closer and closer. 




 You don't have to worry. There are no jumpscares. I was worried about that too. 




 It's a show, not real life. You can't expect people to react the same way to different characters.

Even in real life, you don't feel the same if your father has an accident that if you see in the news that some unknown women are being raped in India. Obviously, both things are wrong and you'll be sorry about them, but you don't react at the same level. 




 Commiseration can be nice, I guess. People supporting each other's suffering. Sharing experiences and problems. But romanticizing social ineptitude and perpetuating hate towards well adjusted people is not.

I'm not condescending this people. I'm worried about them. They scare me.

I'm rarely happy in my real life. I have a lot of social and mental problems just like this people. Very often I feel a strong hate for "normal" people, but then I try to remember this hate is not healthy, nor fair or cool. "Normal people" don't exist. It's just a tag I put on them because of my own problems.

I have two objectives:

1) Accepting the way I am. I am shy. I am an introvert. I like quiet and sometimes loneliness. I don't like crowds. I don't like clubs or parties. I'm awkward with women.
2) Improving my social skills. If I don't want to be alone I must learn to relate to people.

And I'm not gonna improve my skills if I have people online patting me in the back and saying: "Fucking normies, am I right?" and laughing at my memes. This can be a very bad influence, even more if you are a teenager. 




