 Requesting an extension from the court to reply to a motion does not guarantee you get that extension. It is common practice for both sides to agree to an extension either while attempting to resolve the issue without the need for further litigation or as a common courtesy (after all you may be the one requesting the extension next time). Six times is excessive but from the wording of the article it appears the extension was on consent from Microsoft and Google: "Smith says that Microsoft and Google won't agree to any more extensions." 




 You're welcome. As a public defender maybe this [site](http://whatthepublicdefender.tumblr.com/) will cheer you up if you have not already seen it. 





























 Almost everything you said was correct. Yes, it would have an official court date and while it could be a summons it was more likely a DAT. It does not really matter though because it has the same effect in having you appear in court. The statute actually allows for 3 months in prison, not 90 days. That is important because it can actually be more or less than 90 days depending on what month you get sentenced. Probation would be 1 year, not 3. 3 years is for an A Misdemeanor. You were charged with a B Misdemeanor. Regardless, you were still eligible for a MACD if you had no prior record. I hope that is what you ended up with if the case was not outright dismissed. I absolutely believe it cost you $750. More importantly I agree that the marijuana laws are outdated and unnecessarily harsh. 




 A couple of things about this. First, you were facing up to 3 months in prison, not 6. It would be highly unlikely for you to get any prison time if you were convicted. If you had no prior convictions on your record and you were only charged with the marijuana you were eligible for a Marijuana Adjournment in Contemplation of Dismissal (MACD). An MACD means that if you don't get in trouble for a year your case is dismissed and sealed without any conviction or guilt. Simple possession is not a "citation" but a violation, less than a misdemeanor and not considered a criminal charge under NY law. Also, you probably received a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT) and not a citation to appear in court. Finally, the cops illegally searched and seized you (arguably) but unfortunately we all know how hard it is to prove the truth when the officers will lie about what happened. 




 I will try to clear up a lot of confusion that is present here. The article is misleading. First, the charges will be the same but until now for a misdemeanor marijuana arrest the police had the option of either holding someone until they saw a judge (sometimes that may take until the next day or two) or issuing him/her a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT). A DAT gives you a court date that you will have to appear in the future (usually a month away) but allows you to walk out of the precinct as soon as the police are done processing you. Until now, depending on the cop, your record, and other factors you may have ended up being held or being issued a DAT. The NYPD actually fills out a form (like everything else) showing how they determined why or why not a person deserved a DAT. It is a useless form for the most part because it was still mostly subjective. 

Now, the new policy will be that any one charged with misdemeanor marijuana possession and only misdemeanor or violation marijuana possession and has no outstanding warrants they will received a DAT. You still face the same criminal charges and the same possible jail time, probation, etc. if you plead guilty or are convicted at trial. The Governor, apparently now backed by Bloomberg, is trying to have the current misdemeanor charge for marijuana changed to a violation but he has so far failed to get it past the legislature. The big difference that is not mentioned in the article is the issue of bail. As long as you show up on the correct date it is incredibly rare a judge sets bail on a DAT whereas a regular arraignment may end with bail being set depending on many factors. Being stuck in jail because a person cannot make bail is more likely to lead to that person taking a guilty plea to get released rather than fight the case. Feel free to ask me any questions. I will do my best to answer. 














 The burden does not shift but a presumption may apply depending on the jurisdiction. For example in NY when there is a refusal there is a presumption of intoxication. The prosecutor still has to prove the element of driving but a jury can presume the intoxication without the prosecutor presenting any further evidence than the refusal. The U.S. Supreme Court has unfortunately said that this does not shift the burden and it is constitutional.  




 Yes a portable breathalyzer test is only enough to generate probable cause but the officer's observations and any statements she made or the officer testifies to her making can be enough to convict without a breathalyzer test. Especially based on this story I would not put it past the officers saying she refused the regular breathalyzer test. 

I can't speak about "the vast majority of states" but I will speak about the states I have worked in and the judge cannot throw out the charges because there is no breathalyzer result. And you can be convicted. The officer will testify to this "When we arrived on the scene she smelled of alcohol, had been in accident, slurred her speech, was belligerent, incorrectly identified the street she was on, etc." Then they will say she refused the breathalyzer test. And now you have a cop's word against her word. Very possible to get a conviction.

Probable cause is enough for an arrest. That's actually what you need to arrest someone. You may being thinking of "reasonable suspicion" to stop a car, approach her, or ask her questions. 




 Actually this is not true. Many states go forward with prosecutions when there is a breathalyzer refusal. It does amaze me how many people on here are so quick to blame the lawyer when they do not know anything about what state this took place in and what the law is there. 




 It differs by each state. Some states can charge you with a presumption of DUI if you refuse to take a breathalyzer test. That leaves you with a jury being instructed that there is a presumption you were drunk that you now have to overcome. Even though I find such presumptions completely unconstitutional the Supreme Court says they are fine. 




 [One Night in New York City by The Horrorist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnXT4za4h9c) 




