 Out of juice for a few weeks, won't have the money for more until the first. Can anyone help me out? 




 I would replace it if you don't mind driving an older car. I wish I would have done that with my Sebring instead of getting my mazda 




 I've only found a hammer of God at one store, but the Buddha zephyr is pretty popular. There's also the fat Buddha which is geared more for flavor builds and there's the mangala which is a short version of the Buddha. All the parts for those 3 RDA's are interchangeable too which is nice. 




 Well I'll hit it for a good 4 or 5 usually, the awesome thing about royal wire is it heats up super fast but it takes forever to get too hot. I've used a ton of different wires and royal is my favorite by far. If you build you should try it out! 




 Better than I expected honestly. I mean a higher resistance would be better but I'm completely satisfied. It's a bit warm but its not bad.  




 My favorite build is the hammer of God box mod with the Buddha zephyr. The Buddha has a MASSIVE chuff cap and handles heat realllyyyyy well, and the deck has deep juice wells. Also, tons of building space. I run 4 vtc5 batteries in the mod but vtc4s are pretty fantastic too. I get a bit less flavor but the clouds are just massive. I'm going to get a lot of hate for this but I've got a .03 ohm build on it and it's never been even remotely a problem. All together it cost me about 300 dollars.

My build is a 6 wrap dual parallel 20g royal wire, so lots of surface area with a super low resistance wire. Flawless on every front. I've been in 4 cloud comps with it and never lost one. It outperforms my 26650 el diablo mod with the mephisto rda which costed me 350 dollars not counting batteries, wire, and cotton. 




 I think I'd be too tempted to fire it... 




 It just seems to be the common consensus from the people I've asked. Do you know the other things that will be required after engine replacement.? 




 I've heard the head gasket goes out faster after you fix it, so for the same money I can swap the engine and solve the problem for a lot longer... Right? Is it true that the head gasket wears out faster after repairing it? 









 /r/outside 




 Don't invoke the holy.... Spirit.... 




 Gay + Gay if you will 




 Lol sorry if it was too vague. Just caught my attention and I got a kick out of it. 




 She looks like she's crying..? 




 That escalated quickly... 




 Like what are the implications of that though? What can that do? This Atty is made of spare parts from destroyed zephyrs my friends have given me so I'm not too worried about it 




 Guys calm down. The houses are just reeeaaaallllyyyy nice 




 Did that. Did not work. What happens if they touch? Lol 




 Pretty sure the insulator melted 









 Grandma is died 




 Time to unsubscribe from this sub lol. 




 "And that was when I quit my job" 




 Gonna be honest here, I run .04 on a 4 battery box mod in my buddha for competitions. Have been for about 3 months now. Never had a bit of trouble. 









 Know anywhere I can buy a drop bear helmet?? 




