 Yeah... 




 It's always harder to climb with a hatchet in your hands. 




 Back cat: "Oh no you fucking didn't."

Front cat: "How might I please thee, master?" 




 Well, he did turn water into lube. 




 I'm deducing she either wants you to move in with her, or move to another state. 




 But Cheez Whiz tastes like shame and regret. 




 Cheez Whiz, from the can to mah mouth. 




 Was it streaking across the sky like a meteor? 




 Makes me want to roast a hotdog on a stick. 




 Were the right next to the cowboy boot sandals? 




 It looks broken. 




 Does "FOC" stand for "Fucking Obscenely Expensive"? 




 Evil dudes I used to slay. 




 401K 




 Harold's purple crayon. 




 "Where's our Porsche?" 




 Apple has enough cash in their coffers to build an armed force that would rival any country's.

Wait, you said "turn evil." Never mind. 




 Jaws. 




 Still waiting for that moment, because Mom says I am a pretty little flower every time I come up from the basement for food. 




 Corn dogs and malt liquor. 




 Damn! I heard on the radio this morning cows kill 20 people a year. Assuming they must mean bulls who gore or trample you? 




 Shit that sounds terrifying. Do dogs make you nervous now? 




 A 1985 Yugo in baby shit brown. 




 Please don't post pictures of my car with the plates visible...

Is what I would say if that magnificent beast was mine. 




 Once they're on land they become lawyers. 




 Little bastard, biting the hand that feeds him! 




 I remember getting a tetanus shot. 




 Me too! Every time I tried to ride one they act crazy. Almost been thrown once or twice. 




 No rabies though, right? 




 I was bit on the lip by a dog when I was young. 10 stitches in my lip. 




 https://krystalrock.com 









 That tick's like, "Ohhhhhh fuck yeah..." 




 Winter is here. 




 In the pacific northwest, there's a small, harmless snake (the garter snake) with a wide ranging diet. One particular population preys mostly upon newts, the catch being that these newts contain tetrodotoxin (apparently aquired from bacteria; the same chemical is the toxin in pufferfish). As a result of their prey's super-potent nerve toxin, the snakes have evolutionarily modified the sodium channels in their nerves to be less responsive to that toxin (which has had secondary effects of decreasing nerve performance). Of course, this set up an evolutionary arms race, with more toxic newts evolving, which lead to more resistant snakes, which lead to more toxic newts, etc.


However, tetrodoxin takes a while to break down. It disappears fairly fast from most of the snake's tissues, except for their livers, which it accumulates in large quantities for long periods of time. This has the potential effect of making these snakes toxic to many of their native predators, especially birds. Other species do this too (dart frogs actually get their poison from ants and beetles), so it's technically truly a poisonous snake. 




 I was on a SW flight landing at Midway during winter. We had to pull up about 50 feet from the ground because a snowplow was on the runway. 




 I heard somewhere those can take off vertically. 




 TIL they are still making Rock Band games. 




 Yeah, the poor bastard who cleans the bathrooms. 




 Oh, good. Looks like some bullet holes shot under where the door latch is, too. 




 Too cheap to spring for a fleshlight, eh? 




 Were the chicken wings moldy? Might be some squatters living in it. 




 /r/animalid or /r/whatisthisthing might help too. 




 I said it looked poisonous because its head looks to be triangular, like a viper. Perhaps a water moccasin? 




 It's like the fruit version of the Scorpions album Blackout. 




 That snake looks poisonous. 




 Da pussies have dicks. 




 It ain't easy being cheesy. 




 Again with the vertical takeoff thing... 




 I read somewhere an A380 tire costs about $92,000. 




 I know he means the computers under the seat, but made me chuckle anyway. 









 I believe they stopped flying DC-10s in 1985. 




 Yes. I will do this. And buy a used 918 at a hefty premium. 




 Any educated guesses as to about when the fleet looked like this? 









 I've mentioned this game to several friends and they never played. We are talking about the game wih "spreads" if the ball touched you twice, right? You had to face the wall and everyone had a free throw at you? 









 Here you [go.](http://imgur.com/BLikqBj) 




 Frank? 




 Nice day!

What's the biggest bird to fly in and out of there? 














 Eat gelato and get blotto! 




 Yup. That mug on the 747 just demands respect. 




 Always wear your 'muffs on deck! 




 Definitely a [Buzz Lightyear.](http://imgur.com/IIIR08c) 




 Because we're addicts? Because despite of all the shit posted here there are still entertaining, challenging and interesting conversations happening? 




 Well at least the Vegas team is appropriately named. 




 Fair enough. You don't believe in love after love, as Cher puts it? 




 An honest man. 




 Female kangaroos have three vaginas. 




 Bill Murray 




 Don't have to love to lay. 




 OP's sister 




 One Direction. 




 Typical fag... 




 Yes. 




 This thread gives me a tromboner. 




 Seemed like the thing to do at the time. 




 Joey Jo-jo Shabadoo. 




 Happy birthday to you... 




 Please tell me this isn't really true. 




 Plus, we're not all fat. Some of us are just big-boned. 




 The only wrap I'd want near my Porsche is a chicken buffalo wrap. 




 Is your dog named LeBron? 




 What country is this? Tony the Tiger be pissed! 




 Too many Fireball shots? 




 This person has a dream job. Read Reddit all day and write articles about them. 




 That monkey looks like a king. Look at his face, it's so...regal. 




 You must live an exciting life. 




 Punch yourself in the balls. 




 Nope. 




 Don't eat the mega-supreme burrito with extra beans in the terminal while waiting for your flight to leave.

EDIT: Also, person in the middle seat gets TWO armrests. 




 5% of the worst smelling people in the world. 




 Mary-jo-wanna is bad... 




 Kumquat. 









 "You have died."

I remember The Mystery of Chimney Rock" was my favorite! 




 For a giant dog it sure is hard as shit to see in this picture. 




 Dude never fell asleep again in that class. 




 My History teacher, holding a basketball in his hands walked up to a sleeping student.

We thought he was going to bounce it on his desk and wake him up.

Nope. He bounced it, with some force, off his *head.* 




 "That's radical and gnarly, dude!" 




 [You were like...](http://imgur.com/QCY9Viq) 




 Nice 




 Any backstory to the location choice? Congrats! 




 Cocoa Krispies? 




 Not if your girlfriend is deaf. 




 Not if a plane hit the shaft and severed the cables, like in 1945 when a [B-25 bomber hit the Empire State Building.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-25_Empire_State_Building_crash) Betty Lou Oliver plunged 75 stories and survived.

Know how? She jumped up as high as she could right before impact. 




 All kidding aside, I go with Brazil. 




 'Murica. 




 USA! USA! 




 You are correct! If I ever went to Dubai, I'd have to get off my couch. 




 I raced on a camel once in Dubai. 




 Yep. 




 True. 




 Good question. 




 If you are in an elevator that is plummeting to the ground, wait until just before it hits, then jump UP as high as you can. 




 Extra sour? Well, load my mouth with camel balls! 




 Anything by Rush. 




 I think Chad Johnson has one of these, too. Not kevlar.

Edit: Sorry, "Ocho Cinco." 




 And if it's not too much trouble, could you kill someone on your way out? 




 "When life gives you lemons, suck them and die." 




 I loved that game. (Asshole, not Finger Choppy.) 




 Why didn't you tell her this before she was drugged!?! Sheesh! 




 RIP, Emma 




 $103,486. 




 A Beautiful Hive Mind 




 Who was this girl 




 Pm sent
 




 Nothing's ever gonna keep me down. 




 I enjoyed them both. But, given the old "what beer would you have forever if you were stranded on a desert island" question...Pliny. 









 In rod we trust! 




 Lilo and Stitch. 




 "Bring me the golden kumquat of disshevelling. Pronto!" 




 Omfg u are lazy. http://youtu.be/qnPGDWD_oLE 




 Children's crushed hopes and dreams? 




 /r/perfectpoachedeggs 




 The lack of nuclear atttack drills. 




 My photo albums, then my skateboards. 




 The more cowbell skit, more than the actual song. 




 Internet genius. 




 USA = Double bacon cheeseburger. 




 Have you heard the story about the phantom turd during an Apollo mission? Classic. 




 Remember the Simpsons where Homer eats chips in space? Same thing but replace "Homer" with "a hottie" and "chips"'with "spooge." 




 Are groupies still a thing? 




 Would you like fries with that? 




 Bull Durham. 




 Build a bridge out of her. 




 Because they get in free! 




 The old "baby ottoman" trick, yes. 




