 Hya all,I have a couple of items i would like to trade away!
So here it goes
Ember Tipped Antennae,
Shattered Blade of Levinthal,
Direstone Liferipper,
And others looking to find a new home from my inventory!
Feel free to either offer here or simply add me,cheers! 




 Dragon Knight,makes you a black dragon with a desolatorish effect on your attacks 




 Great man,i added you on steam so we can talk there more about the games :) cheers! 




 I want to participate in 5v5
I live in GMT+1:00 timezone and am most active during 17:15-19:00 hours of the day.
I am comfortable with a 0 to low levels of risk and reward when it comes to item wagering.
Im sorry if im double posting this from the last one,cant remember if i already signed up but im happy to participate. 




 Im up for 5v5 0 to low wages.Living in UTC/GMT + 01:00 timezone and i should be free between 5:30-7/8(depending on agreement) every day except friday/saturday 




 Hi,i guess i could spread the word across some other trade sites/groups.If i manage to bump into something,ill let you know.Good luck to everyone!
Also if you could PM me the price youre buying them at it might help me get the attention of sellers. 




 How much are you asking for the Wyrm of uldorak set for DK? 




 I have the shield you are looking for(wyvern) feel free to add me on steam,ill be online later 




 I completely agree about the farm time.It was just a bit too long and felt forced to me.As for the DK lore,im pretty sure if you read it you could ind out he actually became a half-dragon by fighting a dragon and eventually both of them dying to merge into one.But anyway,i think that would be a bit too hard to make,I mean they could just let you fight your dragon for as your human form until it ends with a stalemate,but i have no idea how it would end up. 




 Actually managed to sell a ton of the juggernaut ones recently through the market.Sadly it was not enough to remove them all,though they did sell for 0.15$ each which is awesome 




 Is that the one that can switch its head?I used to have the same,but of course someone stole one of the two heads.Anyway,i still have a yellow tiger like Autobot in my desk drawers 




 Glad i could help 




 Think he meant necronomicon 




 HARASSING IS FOR PUSSIES!REAL MEN DONT HARASS!God i need to read that guide again 




 No,it doesnt seem so.Theres no mention of Diretide. 




 Hya all.Just want to thank you in advance.I have absolutely no idea how much i could get for these two,got them both to drop during the holiday events so im completely oblivious of their value.Thanks again! 




 Hi,just wanted to ask you a question when you come online next time!Is there any chance of your games coming to Steam,now that Greenlight is up?Im sure it wouldnt be long before you would get 'lit' by the community. 




 Honestly,it was a decent movie.I mean its great when you think about it as a free film,but there were a lot of moments when i had to cut the sound down.Im not talking about the slenderman scenes,heck those were expected but the [ scene where Chases sister cries,i cant remember her name,while they are both tied up was just too much for my headphones. ] (/spoiler)  But all in all,if you like slender man,you will like it.Have fun  




 And we seem to have been arguing over bullshit.Go a little bit lower,someone linked OP trying to sell his account,which probably led to his ban,not this F person. 




 But the problem isnt in him accepting him,the real problem is that it makes absolutely no sense to ban someone just for accepting someones friend request.I mean would it make sense to you if you got banned from steam trading because you accepted a scammer?Heck i see the deal Microsoft probably saw,hey this guy stole someones account,now hes probably adding his friends,so lets ban them all so they hate him!Back on the point,they really should have done more research before banning 100 people  




 The server kick?Well if i remember well in that time it would take you a lot to get a hat.I remember that getting 1 drop per 50 hours was fantastic,because that was all the way before they updated the drop system...Well anyway,the kick was just a running joke we had on the servers,even if there were no admins around the guy that got the hat would just leave and come back,hell i even remember when my friend got a Camera Beard(mind you they were awesome back then),left the server,came back only to have another Camera Beard drop for him.The funny part was that one of the head admins was hoping to get that item for awhile,and with no trading implemented then all we could do is laugh at his fortune 




 Wait wait wait,lets use your logic.If a thief came to you on the street,randomely talked to you for no apparent reason,of course without you knowing he was a thief,would it be okay from the police to just come and put you into prison for not being AntiSocial? 




 Trading has been up for 2 years now?Damn I remember when having a hat drop on a server would give you a complimentary kick from the server....Damn i have to get back to Calculated Chaos. 




 Looks like a united colours of benetton comercial. 









 Ill give you the crown of polymorph,im looking for drow ranger sylvan guard set items,add Doctor Von Foster on steam so we can talk 




 Depends really what MMO you are playing.I remember people being quite polite in 90% of matches in Guild Wars(except those Assassins raging at monks).Heck,even when playing against bots they were programmed to say GG at the end. 




 Just did the whole thing...and honestly,got a bit confused at the end with all the DLC price questions...you guys cant seriously be planning to release an unfinished game and spam the dlc upon the customers? 




 Pretty much describes Fable:The lost chapters.God that was one hell of a game 




 About the ads.Honestly,the only thing so far they did to me was good.I wouldnt have found out about Guardian of Middle Earth if there were no ads on the dashoard,and sure as hell i wouldnt have heard about happy wars...But heck,to each his own. 




 Dont be a dick,op lost a friend 




 Yep 




 Rip his heart out.that should slow down the nuke building process 




 Count me in!GT: train_subject4021 




