 He used his waypoint.  




 Make like an envelope, and leave!  




 Serious question and all respect to this guy (rip). 

But does anyone know or have records of what this guy was earning on these peelers and how he had distribution rights?   Or can you buy them online?  

Has anyone ever used one over the years?  

 




 I wish the Mitch Rapp stories would be picked up and adapted thru a tv series.    




 I'm an upstairs neighbor and I always drop my metal oney? sp.  and the tv remote and a lighter.    Sometimes a glass pinchy too.     I always feel bad for the girl below me, but she has a black lab that barks from 8am to 2pm.  
Really sucks when I have a day off of work and try to get some homework done or relax.     Can't say anything to the landlord tho cuz I have two dogs which I'm not paying for.   I think they know anyway.   
Aw well  




 *Why did you cut them off, Frank!* 




 Sure did.   




 No, that's Kevin Smith  




 Comment that received gold.  




 You look like a super hero.  




 *Humdinger*  




 Holey fuck 




 How much would Hitlers wallet be worth today?  
 




 Favorite food : pepperoni pizza

Favorite Pokemon:  pickachu

Favorite video game:  PAC-man

Favorite sandwich:  
Peanut butter and jelly (w/ smooth peanut butter) 

Free time:  look at fish tank (busy man) 

 




 Hey you guys were a big part of some pretty awesome relationships I had.  Also the unicorn tat is dope 




 How Chris Farley died. :( 




 Hopefully no one, because it's nonsense.   Everyone knows two butter knives work better.    




 I heard you have pretty bad anxiety.  I could never tell watching you on talks shows.    If this is true, how do you deal with it?  
Does it occur when making movies?  

 




 The barista was the guy who invented the Gif 




 I smoked a bear with my car.   




 So students shouldn't be recording lectures anymore?   




 whoops
 









 She was sitting down, Camera person starts panorama without informing girl.     Girl stands up.   Camera person says your fkn up my panorama baby.    Girl makes bitchy face and walks off.    




 Where did he put it?  




 Not on my flight buddy  




 Fuck you Bob Saget.  

 




 Of course he killed it.  
That's what they do best!  




 I only see Jimmy Fallon in that little boys face 




 Is someone replacing you? 




  Michael Bae caught her flippin 




 Yulp 




 Always find a group of 3 or more and interact with all accordingly, only spending a tad bit more time with the one that you like.   If they start avoiding you or moving their group just dance off to another location with people.    This works best with a buddy or if you already have a gf.     




 Or dropping it from a building  




 Sometimes I look forward to her falling asleep so u can play video games.   




 Greatest Of All Time, Yo 









 Can i have the gallon jug? 




 *slurp* 




 I'll toast to that  




 Oh man did you guys start and end so many High School relationships.   I just wanna say thanks for everything.  I still have ex's that contact me after hearing Cute Without the E or set phazers to stun.   

You should give us the full breakdown of the Gf and Brand New case.    




 *This tree could take out your home if you dont turn it into a stump* 




 Breaking: Don't show this to your girlfriend who you love.    




 Very poor graffiti.    You can tell it was there first time even.    They stood directly in front of the "U" when they tried making the horseshoe their wrist got all contorted and it made thick ugly lines.   
 




 Where could I order a sketch and an autograph from?   I hang them in my study area.  

Thanks for all your hard work you are a talented person!  









 I'm the captain now.  




 Seth, how many people or pets are in the room as you type?   

Whats the male to female ratio between humans and animals.   

Whens the last time to spoke with Mark Wahlberg?  

Have you tried his burgers yet?    Do you like them?  

 




 That's one fat wiener  




 The left is a pure breed mini wiener and the guy on the right I believe is wiener and beagle possibly 









  Last Action Hero 




 I just started doing my nightmare quests still on ACT 1.  

If anyone wants to play or do runs or just show me the ropes that would be awesome.

I used to play Diablo 2 back in the day 
I started the clan "The World is Yours" 
I quit after hexes were removed and my players were reset.  

My GT :  Blinkooo 




 Black ops 




 I wish 

I love batman  




 Can you run over the *Will It Blend* , blender? 
 




 I don't use guns but I just wanna blow this thing away with a shotgun...i dunno why 




 My roommate once left to find himself

http://imgur.com/6Q1LW 









 Jared Leto never ceases to amaze me.  




 Shhhh...only fun facts here.  




 Awe! Anne, who designed your dress?!

*Thanks! It was designed by JJ Abrams* 




 That lit up tree sure made this pic surreal at first  




 Can I get 1 white baby also, thanks. 

- Brad Pitt 




 Flame on! 




 I still call them mosquito eaters 




 He's surprised the ignition came out and he wants you to stick it in his mouth and touch yourself.    









 I'm going there this weekend! 




 And the beginning will last another couple of years  




 love 




 Or Skyrim 




 I actually posted the Original to Reddit.   My sister came up with it and sent me a the pic.   

It completed its circle.    It can now die.   




 Hey my sister made this!   I posted it awhile ago. 
 




 I have his [hat](http://imgur.com/wz8gcws) 




 The white outline your life  




 You like dags? 




 Makes sense,  usually get a tattoo to stand out 




 Anyone notice that the back palm chameleon is copying the tattoo on the wrist? 




 [Cats](http://i.imgur.com/QigLd.jpg) 




 If you look close you see a sailboat. 




 Thanks, Roger Rabbit  




 Monuments Men has a great cast.  Any amazing stories happen while shooting.    




 Out of the 48 states, Minnesota is the highest state north.    




 That damn chair makes her hair look like a Furby.  




 I bet that Snack pack was delicious.   




 Maybe he meant 

75-0

SEAHAWKS  




 Everyone, but the dog died 2 seconds after this picture was taken.   




 America? 




 No 




 No one will probably see this, but I had whooping cough when i was a baby.   My mom stayed with me on her birthday in the hospital for awhile.   She said it was the hardest thing she had to sit through knowing she couldnt help.   I'm all for vaccinations 




 A little bit of your soul 









 *"He's just not straight"* 




 Untrue my gf says my first n middle name sometimes.    Turns me on 




 Solitare  




 I love you and I need to tell my scary moment.  

I was in 10nth grade and went to Mexico for 10 days for my Spanish class.   Anyway one destination was Playa de Carmen?   If I remember correctly.    The class was looking for something to do when we stumbled upon snorkeling.    We all had to pay and watch a quick tutorial on the Do's n Don'ts.     We took boats out to our location of course and the whole class jumped in (20+).    We were rushed on this whole situation cause a storm was coming in and no one wanted to go thru the process of getting refunded.       

Anyway a girl n I were swimming around a pretty neat spot with coral
Reef just a couple feet under us.      Which was scary cause the waves started pulling me down into the reefs and u learned you didn't want to touch them.       

The waves started increasing in size and rain started to pour.      I took a quick glance up while trying to float myself away from the reefs to see the whole class dispersed amongst the water.        It got pretty sketchy quick when lighting and thunder arrived along with a heavy down pour.     With the waves increasing I kept getting hurled to the coral reefs that were inches underneath me.   I kept my head under to make sure I could get out of this clearing and not get hurt.    As soon as I made it out I looked up and couldn't see any of my classmates nor any of the boats.   I could barely even make out where the beach was.    
This is when I went into complete panic mode and started swimming frantically to
Just a dot in my vision.    As I swam and swam
All I could think about was drowning or getting washed out to sea.    I finally made it close to a boat and started yelling.     Turns out the boat I swam to was not a tourist boat but a couple Mexicans just doing their thing.    They helped me on and brought me to land.    

The teacher started doing head counts after that.  




 He dabbled in some coke  




 No he just experimented and had fun like every other person in their 20's.   But when you are a public figure no one likes dealing with those questions.   

 




 One of Jimmy's interns is a reddit user. (That I know, I'm sure there's more) The show slowly started incorporating bits and pieces from Reddit users to the show.    
I'm sure he will do it as long as the drug related questions from his earlier years don't flood the AMA.    




 [I think I know where this penguin came from](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhWzjn3JZVM) 




 My mistake it says "where's"  




 That and the container says whores.   




 Bruce Springsteen just answered the infamous reddit question about fighting a horse sized duck or 1000 duck size horses.     




 Or he just learned about jerking off 




 And this is how a wiener dog is made.   




 Your mom was the captain of the whoreship.  




 Do you have to be black? 









 Sitting in the back seat of my first car making out with a girl.     I'm only 24 now and it never happens or it doesn't seem as magical.      




 Banks are dumb.    We should start a bank  




 Did you have fun making the movie True Lies?  




 Ha it was Bravo that set this up!    BRAVO, Bravo 
He's a stand up guy 
 




