 OK; good. 




  Well in my opinion if Olmert had been PM for 1 more year we would have definitely had a peace deal.

Agreed.

If Peres had been president instead of netanyahu in 1996 or in 2009 we would have had a peace deal.

Agreed about 2009, but I'm still not sure about 2006.

If Israeli public opinion swings to the left again then the likelihood will go up, but I don't know when that would happen.

Perhaps sometime in the 2020s?

 Ideally the two sides could come to some arrangement where if the settlers cannot be removed, then at least the borders are not very strict, where Jews and Palestinians can use the same roads and live near the same areas in a middle strip of territory between Israel proper and Palestine proper. Jerusalem may also need to be shared somehow, because there are simply too many settlers in East Jerusalem. Its a shitty situation, but if both sides actually wanted to make peace then it could definitely happen.

Yes, I agree with this. Of course, I honestly wonder if the Arabs in East Jerusalem prefer Israeli rule or Palestinian rule. Any thoughts on this?

Hopefully Netanyahu will be replaced in the next 5 years by a genuine two state solution supporter,

Agreed.

and if Abbas dies he will be replaced by someone like Barghouti or Fayyad who would be as willing or more willing to make a deal with Israel.

I don't think that Barghouti will replace Abbas after Abbas dies or retires due to the fact that I don't think that Israel will release Barghouti, at least not anytime soon. Fayyad might be a possible Palestinian Presidential candidate, though, as might someone such as Jibril Rajoub (sp?).

Also, out of curiosity, do you think that we would have already had a final Israeli-Palestinian peace treaty if Shaul Mofaz would have won the 2008 Kadima leadership election? Serious question, for the record.

Also, three additional questions:

1. What exactly do you think the future of the Golan Heights will be?

2. What exactly do you think that Hillary Clinton's policy towards Israel will be if she will win the U.S. Presidency in 2016?

3. Out of pure curiosity, exactly which party did you vote for in the 2015 Israeli Knesset elections? 




 Done. :) 




 OK, but could I just call him from a therapist's office if necessary? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 What exactly are your thoughts on Ellen Pao? 




 Thank you very much for this info. :)

Also, calcium chloride is table salt, correct? 




 Tom Monaghan is such a lucky bastard! ;) 




 Maybe, or maybe it would have been even more successful. 




 Yep. :) 




 Martians are aliens, though. 




 It is. 




 Nostradamus = The Great Illusionist. ;) 




  True, but I still think that a deal could have been made. Arafat despite his many faults in my opinion did ultimately want to make a deal. I think that if the deal that Peres agreed to in 2011 was offered to Arafat in the late 90's then we would have had a peace deal.

OK; fair enough, I suppose.

The president has no actual political power, which is why we don't have peace with the PA right now, but my understanding is that Netanyahu let Peres negotiate with Abbas in secret talks to see if a deal could be reached. Peres came to an understanding with Abbas on a fairly comprehensive deal, but Netanyahu was not satisfied with the details and then unilaterally ended the talks, as he has the power to do since he is the PM, not Peres.

OK; this appears to make sense.

Also, out of curiosity, when exactly do you think that we will have a final Israeli-Palestinian peace treaty (as in, in real life)? 




 Couldn't Clinton feel free to negotiate starting from 1997, though? After all, he wouldn't have had much to worry about politically after getting re-elected in 1996. 




 OK; for the record, you might very well be correct in regards to this.

Also, though, I wonder if having Peres win in 1996 could have caused the Second Intifada to break out earlier in the event that Israeli-Palestinian peace talks would have failed. Any thoughts on this? 




 Two things:

1. Abbas isn't Arafat.

2. Did Peres even have the authority to negotiate a deal with Abbas? After all, isn't the Israeli Presidency supposed to be a purely ceremonial position? 




 That would be rather risky to do from my house since I don't want my parents to know about this, though. While I told my parents that I want to be a eunuch and to feminize my face and body (and was crystal-clear so that they will know that I am not joking), I don't want them to know the extent of the preparations that I am making for this yet.

 









 So you think that Peres would have actually succeeded in creating a mutually agreeable peace treaty between him and Arafat? 




  Just tell your doctor about this. Tell him that by preventing you from getting one, he is directly responsible for endangering your life. I don't think he will be willing to do that anymore if you present the case this way. But I might be wrong. Any doctors can give some advice on this?

Believe me--I will make sure to tell this to all of my therapists and doctors. 




 Believe me--I strongly do not want to do this and thus would strongly prefer not to do this. 




 Believe me--I strongly do not want to do this and thus would strongly prefer not to do this. 




 That's too far away, though. 




 Believe me--I strongly do not want to do this and thus would strongly prefer not to do this. 




 I previously tried contacting Dr. Arknoff using his website and put in my e-mail. I don't think that I ever got any response from his office. Thus, should I try to do this again? 




 Care to please elaborate on this? 




 What do you mean by "No," though? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Any thoughts on this? 














 Their last common ancestor in the male line was French King Louis IX, who died in 1270, 319 years earlier! 









  You only have one chance at this, and there is too much that can go wrong. I obviously get dysphoria and gate-keeping, but one can navigate the medical system.

Not all aspiring eunuchs succeed in doing this, though. Else, self-castration attempts and "back-alley" castration attempts would never occur.

It's great that you're really trying hard to go with the safe route, but please don't let potential failure of that to drive you to do something possibly harmful to yourself.

Understood; I just really hope that at least one doctor in the U.S. is going to be willing to perform this procedure on me.

Basically, I have three goals with an orchiectomy:

1. To achieve "bullet-proof" sterilization. Since all non-drastic methods of contraception and sterilization (including vasectomies) can and sometimes do fail, they are just not good enough for me.

2. If my expectations in regards to female hormones will turn out to be accurate, then I would want to use female hormones on a regular or at least on a semi-regular basis. After all, I have heard good things about female hormones from both trans-women and trans-men. However, I must find some way to still be able to get erections using my penis, as well as to still be able to have penis-in-vagina sex, while I am taking female hormones, since otherwise female hormones might not work for me.

3. To better regulate my sex drive and to give my ejaculations and sexual arousal more meaning.

Also, though, independently of that, I also want to permanently get rid of as much of my body hair and facial hair as possible due to the fact that this hair makes me dysphoric (and I unfortunately have a lot of it, so yeah). Likewise, I want to feminize my face to some extent as well, though I still want to live as a man (albeit as a very feminine eunuch) most (but not all) of the time after I will get all of this done. 




 Who exactly told you that, though?

Also, for the record, I myself have also previously heard something like that. 




 Again--I'm not worried about money; rather, I'm worried about excessive gate-keeping. 




  My mother used to use fire to sterilize needles when we had splinters and this method of sterilization is also used in labs. So I would suggest dipping it in rubbing alcohol (make sure it's not soaked so let it drip until it stops dripping) and then put it in the fire for about 5 seconds (really until the rubbing alcohol is burned off). And this tool should be metal.

I don't have any fire at my house, though.

If you can do that even better, they could help you faster I would think.

OK; good.

I suggest learning how stitch pieces of fabric and learning the stitch used to close skin. Also for the stitches if you can somehow use the ones surgeons use.

OK, I suppose.

What would you use these to do?

Rubber bands: Put them around my testicles, thus cutting off blood flow to my testicles. After a certain amount of time, my testicles will die due to the lack of blood flow. Afterwards, with the rubber bands still attached to my dead testicles, go to the emergency room and have my dead testicles get removed.

A burdizzo: Cut the spermatic cord and thus kill the testicles, no? Also, afterwards, go to the emergency room and get my dead testicles removed.

Alcohol injections: Use them to kill my testicles and then go to the emergency room afterwards in order to get my testicles removed. 




  Honestly, in a rational way of thinking, if the safe route doesn't work then a DIY orchi shouldn't really be an option.

Unfortunately, though, there is still excessive gate-keeping in regards to orchiectomies. After all, why exactly do you think that self-castration attempts and "back-alley" castration attempts still occur nowadays?

An orchi isn't exactly a ton of money. Maybe work, safe, and be patient. You'll probably get there.

No, but it does involve excessive gate-keeping for aspiring eunuchs. 




 Thanks for this info, and I apologize for making you uncomfortable with these questions of mine. 




  First of all I just really hope you'll try your hardest to do it the safe and legal way, please, please, please try hard to do it that way!

Yes, I will certainly make sure to try extremely hard to get it done the legal and safe way. In fact, I will make it crystal-clear to the therapist at my university (once I will talk with him or her about this issue) that the alternative to safe, legal castration is self-castration or a "back-alley" castration on my part and that thus I extremely strongly prefer that I be given some safe, legal pathway to a safe, legal castration regardless of just how many roadblocks this pathway will have.

Basic tips: make sure all tools are sterilized and sharp (dull blades can lead to more injury).

What exactly should I use to sterilize these tools, though?

I suggest researching where your major blood vessels are to make sure you don't hit one of them.

Completely agreed.

Have 9-1-1 on speed dial and a phone right next to you in case anything goes wrong.

Yes, that certainly makes sense; that said, though, what about doing all of this in, say,a  private stall in a hospital bathroom? That way, I will be able to run to the emergency room shortly afterwards.

Make sure to leave skin to stitch the skin up so you don't have anything exposed.

I am not very good with stitching, though.

Have something like Bactine to put on the open wound to prevent infection

OK.

If anything goes wrong, get professional help, do not hesitate to go to the ER or call 9-1-1.

Completely agreed.

Also, though, what about using rubber bands, a burdizzo, and/or alcohol injections?

I really hope you can do it the safe route though, where professionals can do it and you have access to anesthetics.

Completely agreed; however, I am just not fond of the gate-keeping in regards to this and thus unfortunately have to be prepared for the tragic situation where the worst comes to pass. After all, I have already heard of some aspiring eunuchs who previously went down the self-castration and/or the "back-alley" castration route due to the fact that they could not get this done in a safe, medical setting. :( What a tragedy. :( Also, if you are curious, I identify as genderqueer. :) 




 What about using a burdizzo or rubber bands instead, though? 




 Thanks for this info. I just looked up what a scalpel is and it scared the Hell out of me! :( 




 Also, though, exactly what tool did this "surgeon" use to perform your orchiectomy? 




 Understood.

Anyway, if I will have any more questions about this, then I will make sure to ask you. :) 




 Wow! On exactly which websites did you get this information, though? 




 I am surprised that people advertise illegal surgeries such as this over the Internet, though. (After all, this surgery is illegal, correct?) 









 OK--basically, I (the OP here) am a 22-year-old gender-fluid/cross-dreaming male who would like to get castrated (Yes, castrated, as in getting my testicles removed) and is willing to do whatever it takes in order to get this done.

Now, why exactly do I want to get castrated? Well, first of all, I would like to get sterilized in a way which cannot ever fail (after all of the remaining sperm in my body already die off, that is). Vasectomies can fail, all other available contraceptives can fail, and as for Vasalgel, it is way too untested for me. Plus, I have never heard anyone give me an extremely good reason as for why exactly Vasalgel is incapable of ever failing. The fact that Vasalgel hasn't failed yet doesn't necessarily mean that it will never fail for anyone; after all, I would think that vasectomies likewise had a 100% effectiveness rate before the first historical vasectomy failure actually occurred.

Also, before anyone brings up the idea of me only having sex with women who share my own views in regards to pregnancy, I would like to point out that I would never rely on any woman's word that she will get an abortion (or give our hypothetical future offspring for adoption, for that matter); after all, a woman can simply change her mind on this later on.

Also, abstaining from vaginal sex with all fertile and potentially fertile women for the rest of my life is likewise both completely unrealistic and completely unacceptable for me.

Thus, I have to take matters into my own hands and seek out castration (Yes, castration, as in the removal of both of my testicles) by any means necessary. Afterwards, I will need to utilize hormone replacement therapy in order to deal with the less pleasant effects of castration.

Also, I would like to point out that I would like to regulate my sex drive and that, as a gender-fluid/cross-dreaming person, I might very well want to take female hormones after my planned castration if I am still (somehow) able to indefinitely get erections (using my penis, which I intend to keep indefinitely) afterwards. I mean, the idea of me becoming a six-foot-tall beauty strongly appeals to me, and not in a sexual way. Indeed, whenever I shave my face, I am always reminded of just how incredibly beautiful of a (trans-)woman I would make. :) However, at the same time, just to be safe, I want to keep all of my options open in regards to which hormone replacement therapy I should take after my planned castration (Yes, castration).

Anyway, what I am wondering is if anyone who is either a eunuch or a trans-woman can give me my advice in regards to utilizing hormone replacement therapy (either kind) and in regards to living a life without gonads in general. In addition, I would also like to hear about the sex lives of eunuchs, specifically in regards to erections, orgasm, et cetera, since this information is certainly of personal interest to me. Also, if anyone has any additional information which I might be interested in, then please don't hesitate to share this information with me!

Also, one more question--exactly how long will I need to wait after castration in order to be completely sure that all of the remaining sperm in my body are already dead?

And Yes, if anyone has any doubts in regards to this, this is certainly a completely serious post. 




  It's not hard to remove your testicles; the hard part is avoiding death, infection, and mangling the area.

In that case, do you have any advice on how exactly to reduce these risks? After all, I myself am personally curious about this in the tragic event that the worst will come to pass. 




  If you are ever so ready to go down the self route look at alcohol castration.

Please elaborate on this; after all, I myself am personally curious about this in the tragic event that the worst comes to pass. 




  If you don't bleed to death in the first few minutes

Holy shit! One can bleed to death *that* quickly from doing this? 




  I got an orchi from effectively a back alley 'surgeon' when I was 21 and I almost died of a massive infection.

Apologies for asking, but how exactly did you find such a surgeon in the first place? 




  What do you mean by that? Remember, unlike the US, Mexico has always been a very centralized country, more so in that era.

What I mean is that Mexico could have "thrown in the towel" and saved some, if not a lot of lives, by ending the war earlier. After all, Germany stopped fighting in World War I way before Allied troops would have been in Berlin.

The northern territories were vastly deserted, and few people lived there, so the Mexican army had little to think that losing those battles would lose them the war.

How exactly did Mexico plan to expel the U.S. from these northern territories, though?

If someone attacked Canada, and they occupy the northern territories, no one would say the war is decided. Now, the distances between Puebla, Veracruz, and Mexico City are not that large, and the bulk of the army was in Mexico City anyway, so it made sense to make the final stand there.

Was there ever any doubt that the U.S. would end up defeating Mexico in the end (including capturing Mexico City), though? 




 I personally strongly like them, but I have also heard some other people dismiss them and say that their music is "elevator music" and/or something along those lines.

Thus, what exactly are your own thoughts on the band Air Supply? 




 Why did Mexico fight on until the very end in the Mexican-American War? Did it seek to bleed the U.S. sufficiently dry in order to make the U.S. seek a compromise peace and in order to have the U.S. reduce at least some of its demands for Mexican territory? Or was there another reason for this?

Any thoughts on this? After all, in the Mexican-American War, the Mexican military was willing to do what the German military refused to do in World War I--specifically continue to fight a losing war all the way up to the very end, up to the point when enemy troops have already captured the Mexican capital. 




 Well, Ukraine gets some territory in exchange for losing some other territory. 




 What if Ukraine will get Transnistria (from Moldova) as territorial compensation for its loss of Crimea, though? 




 At least an East Pakistani could reach West Pakistan purely by sea, though. In contrast, a Muslim from Hyderabad certainly wouldn't have been able to do that. 




 But if I was a Russian nationalist, then I would never agree to that. After all, Kaliningrad represents the massively enormous bleeding that the Soviet Union endured during World War II in order to defeat and destroy the Nazi German regime. 




 Actually, that was the popular vote in New York state, whose electoral votes decided the outcome of this election. 




  Also, since we can't assume that British people in 1947 could see the future, does your plan include a partition of Hyderabad as well?

No, because Hyderabad does not have a common border with Pakistan. 









 By "Bundu," did you mean "Hindu"?

Also, though, wasn't there large-scale support in favor of partition among Indian Muslims (or at least in some/many/most Muslim-majority parts of British India)? 




 Completely agreed, which is why I intend to take hormone replacement therapy (specifically, estrogen). 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Oh! Anyway, thanks for this info, and goof luck with your future plans in regards to this. :) 









 Can Trump's outrageousness win him a new reality show, though? 




 Clickbait? 




 Donald Trump--once an ass, always an ass. ;) 




 Correlation does not necessarily equal causation, though. 




 Indeed, I think that the 1884 U.S. Presidential election was the closest one (percentage-wise) up to the 2000 U.S. Presidential election. 









 Being excessively lazy? 









 Good. :) 




 OK; good. :) 




  I lived in Korea and Germany and enjoyed both. I would never have fit in long term in Korea but I had a lot of German friends and could have easily and happily stayed there long term.

Thanks for this info. :) Also, out of curiosity, do you speak Korean and/or German fluently?

The problem with holding a vote is some people will vote one way and some the other.

And yet Britain managed to deal with this in Scotland, as did Canada in Quebec.

I would never tell a large group of Americans that they have to forcibly relocate or they are no longer American citizens.

You won't have to do either of these two things, though.

Also the federal govenrment has built infrastructure in every state and every state in effect has a share of the national debt I would not let a group vote to simply not pay their share of the debt.

What about if a U.S. state agrees to pay its share of the U.S. national debt before seceding, though? 




 I've really developed a soft spot for Pope Francis in spite of the fact that I am a Pastafarian. :) Seriously. :) 




 OK; fair enough, and for that, I apologize. 




 It states this on his website, though:

"Some doctors require letters from other physicians in order to have this surgery done.  This may or may not be required in your case."

The "may or maybe not be required in your case" part raises some questions in regards to this. 









 Where exactly outside of the U.S. did you live, though?

Also, for the record, the U.S. Civil War actually appears to be a poor example to use in regards to this. After all, I myself ideally support allowing a U.S. state to secede and yet would have still supported the Union in the U.S. Civil War due to the fact that the Confederacy was pro-slavery. 




 Also, out of curiosity--are you still able to get an erection using your penis right now (if/when you actually want to do this, that is)?

I apologize about asking this, but I am extremely curious about this due to the fact that this question is of personal interest to me. 




 I've got a question for you, though--would you support allowing any U.S. state to voluntarily secede from the U.S. if a majority of that state's voters wanted to secede from the U.S.? 




 From this article itself:

"

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected Mr. Azoulays remarks. In a statement, he described them as hurtful and said they do not reflect the position of the government. Mr. Netanyahu said he had spoken with Mr. Azoulay to remind him that Israel is a home for all Jews and that as minister of religious affairs, he serves all of Israels citizens.

" 




 I just want to test out the impact of testosterone on me in the event that I will be a eunuch (just to make sure that I would still be able to get erections and whatnot). After all, I want to keep all of my options open in regards to this just to be safe. 




  Actually the eunuch.org website recommends chemical castration using a T-blocker first to see how it is before getting an orchiectomy, just as /u/dnanyu suggested.

Yes, that certainly makes sense.

 Also not having either T or E can result in your bones becoming brittle.

Yes--due to osteoporosis, correct? 




  You are making a lot of hypothetical assumptions here. No one knows how things would have turned out. East Pakistan went to the Pakistan to match religious lines, but that eventually resulted in war and the creation of Bangladesh. No one saw that coming. Who's to say that Kashmir wouldn't have gone the same way?

Please pardon my ignorance in regards to this, but didn't East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) try seceding from Pakistan due to the fact that Bengali parties won a majority of the seats in the Pakistani government and yet were not allowed to form a governing coalition? If so, then this wouldn't work for Kashmir due to the fact that Kashmir has much less people than East Pakistan had.

 Hindu princes were willing to give up their territory to India, but if one of them was forced to give up his land to Pakistan, then all of them might have balked.

Which in turn is why I am advocating having Britain always make this decision in place of the princes. Yes, the princes were nominally sovereign, but this didn't really mean that much and Britain could have thus probably easily overrode the princes' will in regards to this.

 The Kashmiri people were split on religious grounds (although they were mostly Muslim,)

That's why I proposed partitioning Kashmir.

but the royal family was Hindu.

Yes; correct.

 Britain didn't want to upset the arrangement any more than they already had.

And that was a mistaken on Britain's part.

 There was already a lot of ill will between Pakistan and India.

Agreed, but that was due to the 1947 Indian partition and due to the previous Muslim-Hindu tensions. With Indian Muslims having their own state in Pakistan and thus allowed to determine their own destiny, Indo-Pakistani relations might have gradually become better over time.

Kashmir hasn't helped, but it certainly isn't the main motivating factor.

What exactly is your basis for this statement, though?

There are hundreds of years of bad blood between those countries, and it's hard to say that things would be different with just one change.

It is worth noting, though, that as far as I know, Hindu-Muslim relations in South Asia were previously never as strained as they became in the 1930s or 1940s and beyond. 




 So should I post this thought as my own Shower Thought here? Serious question, for the record. 




 Exactly what country are you from, though? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Nobody? ;) As in, not even one person? ;) 




 Great to hear! :) Hopefully this will provide additional "ammunition" for the pro-marijuana legalization side to use against our opponents! :) 




 Agreed; that said, though, I wonder if I can try out testosterone blockers with estrogen and then with testosterone just in case. I mean, I might very well prefer to use estrogen (at least most of the time), but I do want to keep all of my post-orchiectomy options available just in case. 




 Hopefully this is a new thread topic here.

Anyway, my argument here is this:

If the British would have partitioned Kashmir along religious lines in 1947 (with the Muslim-majority areas going to Pakistan and the Hindu-majority and Buddhist-majority areas going to India), then there would have been no decades-long Kashmir dispute and conflict. In turn, this would have meant that several tens of thousands of people who got killed in real life would not have gotten killed (as a result of the warfare over Kashmir).

In addition to this, Pakistan might not have went nuclear without the Kashmir dispute, which in turn might have meant that there would not have been a risk of a nuclear war in South Asia in the 1990s and beyond. Likewise, without the Kashmir dispute, Pakistan's military and intelligence service might not be as pampered and might not have as much influence as they actually have in real life.

Also, with less Indo-Pakistani tensions, both India and Pakistan would have been able to spend more money on things such as economic development and mutual cooperation instead of spending that money on their militaries (armed forces).

In addition to this, while  the war over Bangladesh might have still happened (whether in 1971 or in a different year) without the Kashmir dispute, this war in itself might not have derailed Indo-Pakistani relations in the long(er)-run. After all, Pakistan only lost Bangladesh due to the fact that it was committing genocide there and thus indirectly caused a humanitarian crisis to occur next door in India (as a result of millions of Bangladeshi refugees fleeing to India).

Anyway, does anyone here have any thoughts on this? 




 Actually, California first needs to successfully secede from the Union in order to become a Great Power in its own right. ;) 




 California, here we come! Right back where we started from! California! ;) 




 Yes, I certainly understand all of that. :)

Also, for what it's worth, I'd like to try out testosterone blockers and estrogen as soon as possible (say, within one year or so). If I will like them (especially estrogen), then I will continue using them (and some of the effects of estrogen, such as the increased emotions, actually sound very appealing to me). In addition, it is worth noting that perhaps these testosterone blockers and estrogen will allow me to get a better picture of my own gender identity (as appears to have previously been the case for some other male-to-female cross-dreamers).

In addition to this, though, an orchiectomy also has sterilization value for me considering that all other contraceptives and sterilizations, including vasectomies, can fail. Frankly, I myself certainly need to be sterilized in a way which cannot ever fail (after freezing some of my sperm, of course). 




 Would France have tolerated the existence of a Communist government in Spain, though? 




 Thanks for this info; thus, I wonder if this might depend on the person. 




 OK, but wouldn't one need to take hormone replacement therapy in addition to testosterone blockers in order to eliminate the risk of depression? 









 The Saudis would beg to differ with him on that. 




 Ah Yes--I still remember when I myself played Yu-Gi-Oh 10+ years ago. :) 




 I don't think that the Western Allies would have been interested in a separate peace with Germany with or without the Nazis. After all, as far as I know, FDR viewed all of Germany, rather than only the Nazis, as being the problem. Plus, Churchill wouldn't have went against FDR on this considering that the U.S. was essentially Britain's "sugar daddy" during this time. 




 Thank you very much! :) 




  Ah. TIL something new.

Yeah, take a look at the pre-Operation Barbarossa front lines:

http://omniatlas.com/maps/europe/19410621/

True, but the Soviets are prepared to go full scorched earth on the Germans. Had they (the Germans) fortified their positions, they may have to fight a bigger Red Army, but they themselves would also be better supplied, would have higher morale, can have better air support and would not have to engage in so much street fighting.

Sure, but it still wouldn't have been enough for the Germans to win. In fact, I am unsure if the Germans could have even bled the Soviet Union sufficiently dry in order to make it a draw--after all, if the Soviet Union becomes visibly weakened, then the Western Allies might be compelled to send some of their own troops to the Eastern Front in order to help the Soviet Union out. 









  Didn't he went through Ukraine to get to Russia?

Yes, he did, but that was only *after* he invaded the Soviet Union.

I think he should've just taken control of Ukraine, strengthen the supply lines and position there first, then strike Russia proper.

Yes, Hitler could have done that, but that would have also given the Red Army more time to prepare and to recover. 




 Yep. *Shudders* :( 




 This is certainly extremely great news! :) 




 Unless they have or previously had a penis, that is. 




 Unless they are trans-women and have or had a penis, that is. 




 Ukraine and the Baltic states take Putin pretty seriously, though. 




 Yes, very possibly. :) 




 Hitler didn't control Ukraine before the invaded the Soviet Union, though. 




 Yep. 




  Wow. In hindsight, the reliance on horses is probably a mistake.

Agreed; after all, it's 1941, not 1841.

 ... 'course, in hindsight, the invasion of the Soviet Union is probably a bigger mistake.

Actually, I am not so sure about that. After all, if a Nazi-Soviet war was inevitable, then couldn't it have been better for Hitler to strike sooner rather than later? 









 It was still Constantinople back then, though.  




 From this very same article:

"
Sukhomlinovs opinion piece sent a clear message to friend and foe alike, including Germany, where its inflammatory rhetoric only stoked paranoia about encirclement. When Kaiser Wilhelm received a translated version he scribbled angry notes in the margins, noting that Russias strategic railroads were All against Germany! and concluding Well! Finally the Russians have shown their hand. Any person in Germany who does not now believe that the Russo-Gauls are not working together at high tension for a war with us very soon and that we should take corresponding counter-measures deserves to be sent to the lunatic asylum 

A few days alter Chancellor Bethmann-Hollweg passed the article along to the German ambassador to London, Prince Lichnowsky, with this gloomy note: The reaction on German public opinion has been unmistakable and serious. Whereas formerly, it was only the extremists among the Pan-Germans and militarists who urged that Russia was making systematic preparation for a war of aggression upon us very soon, even moderate public men are now inclined to this view
"

For the record, Franz Ferdinand was assassinated just 15 days after Sukhomlinovs opinion piece was written. 














 What is nobody's business but the Turks'? 




 May he RIP. :( While I have never watched any of his movies, I have heard that he was a good actor. :( 









 I think that almost all of the Sudeten Germans were expelled regardless of whether or not they actively supported Nazi Germany. In fact, I think that the only Sudeten Germans (5% or so of the total Sudeten German population) who were allowed to stay were those who either had crucial skills which could not be replaced or those who were married to ethnic Czechs. 









 What about if you're a Black guy in Central Africa, though? 




 I am still a college student, but I might as well put my dad's profession here (since I'm pretty sure that he qualifies for this):

Computer programmer and a manager of several people at his job. 









  Yup, and kicking a particular ethnicity out of a country is still a form of genocide.

So the post-World War II expulsion of the Sudeten Germans was a form of genocide? 




 Yeah man! Completely agreed, unfortunately. :( 




 And events such as this are why some/many Israelis are concerned by the idea of an Iran with nuclear weapons. 




 And the Alaouite (sp?) Dynasty couldn't have modernized Morocco without French (and Spanish) help? After all, starting from the late 19th century, Japan was able to modernize by itself, no? 




 I apologize for asking, but did it hurt (for your girlfriend, that is)? 




 OK--as a genderqueer person who wants to become a (physical) eunuch, here is my question: Can getting an orchiectomy before one begins hormone replacement therapy result in depression? After all, I have heard that the effect that an orchiectomy has on one's hormone levels can result in depression.

Any thoughts on this? Also, Yes, this is a completely serious question, for the record. 




 It's great that the Roman Catholic Church has finally apologized for the previous sins of Catholics in the New World. :) After all, an extremely late apology is certainly better than no apology at all. :) 




 Except by us Pastafarians, that is. :) 




 Yep. :) 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Any thoughts on this?

Also, having World War I break out a couple of years sooner might accomplish this. 




 In spite of this, though, Trump is still a joke candidate. 




 You forgot hot Korean women and the best food anywhere in North Korea. ;) 




 And how exactly is this meaningfully different from making Hitler jokes? After all, Lil' Kim probably still had a long way before he will catch up to Hitler in terms of brutality. 




 Well, wasn't Kim's grandfather hand-picked by Stalin to lead North Korea? If so, then this might explain a lot. 




  I would rather have him deposed, and tried for crimes against the North Korean people in an international court, facing life in prison.

Life is prison? Why not death instead? 




 Well, Lil' Kim *could* try organizing a Night of the Long Knives-style event in North Korea if he really wanted to. ;) 




  They are not, which is why they've tried to assassinate him (thwarted by a traffic lady)

Source, please? 









