  I trust the immune system I was born with.

Most of the dead children in this world were born with that same immune system, but they still got a now-preventable disease and still died. 




 Yeah, but the one big one is a *doozy*. 




   From a completely practical standpoint, there are not many reasons to own a physical media collection.

Nobody can delete or alter your DVDs and printed books without your consent. 




 I'd rather spill oil or extract or milk on a cookbook than on an ipad. 






























































































 Mostly because I think it has a lot of good lines, and also it doesn't make me cringe in embarrassment the way some of the other light-hearted ones do. DS9 doesn't do light-hearted very well. 




 Yup. And he didn't have to do it. He could've said "Hey, listen, since Kira will die if she goes to the past, and she's not strictly necessary for this colony to exist, why doesn't she stay here with all the tech you're not bringing with you?" 




 Except it doesn't make much sense. Since Kira dies without descendents, it's not necessary for her to go back in time. They'd already offloaded all their junk that hadn't survived the original accident (but that the colony might need), so why not offload Kira as well?
 




 Well, he kept winning the Alamo. 




 And it worked! Q never came back! I bet Picard wishes now he'd thought of *that* little maneuver. 




 Which is admittedly the best of the silly non-Ferengi episodes. 




 Nah, Harry's death was worse, because it didn't stick. 









 Is it?  

















































 You'd be amazed how often you have to explain what most means. 

Now that you've been exposed to "on accident" you'll probably hear it everywhere. That's what happened to me the first time I found out about "If you *would have* done this and that" where I would say "If you *had* done" and so on. 




 Wasn't he hiking the Appalachian Trail? 




 Thanks, will delete. 




 Here I am in NYC, where I've lived nearly my whole life, and I hear it frequently from the younger crowd, and back when I was the younger crowd (early 30s here) I heard it occasionally from people my age and younger.

But of course, when I say that it's heavily weighted towards the younger end of the population, I don't mean "all kids and teens say this", just "it's much more common with kids and teens and young adults than it is with older adults". Like if I say "most new yorkers don't have a car" and you *do* have a car (well, you don't, because you can't drive until you're 18 in the city, but you know what I mean) you're not doing it wrong, you're just in the minority. 



















 Sure - and other subs function very well where they aren't. 




 I do, actually. That's just how I roll. 




 But comments have two options, an upvote option and a downvote option. Arbitrarily asking us to ignore one of those options is ridiculous. 




 Of course there is. On accident is heavily weighted towards the younger end of the population. Older folks more usually say *by* accident.

Associated with younger people = ignorant and stupid. 















































































































































































































































 Finally watched it.

Liv, tell him *again*. You already did it once, and sure, you were hallucinating, but you based your hallucination on a real person. He's already primed, you just have to ease into your explanation. 




 Well, that's it. We didn't expect *two* hallucinatory friends! 




 The closed captioning had her saying "That's me", but I guess that line was cut. 




 Okay, well, as we don't know when your friend was in the 6th grade that's not very helpful. What year was this? 




 God, it's gotten to the point where I can no longer distinguish between people saying that sarcastically and people saying it sincerely. 




 Definitely, the Pit Dragon Trilogy. (There is technically a fourth book. It is not worth the paper it's printed on. I re-read all three of the previous in preparation for book 4, but I don't believe Yolen bothered to do the same.) 




 It's a pretty good book. 




 That evil space station episode makes no sense. Who made it? Why did they make it? Why not use a more conventional power source? Why does nobody seriously ask these questions? 




 Hogfather, of course. 




 Yeah, they're called pigeons. Or sparrows, or crows. 




 It's a bot, isn't it? 




 http://www.voanews.com/content/kampala-blind-boxer-proves-sight-isnt-everything/1832321.html

Of course, he does primarily fight blind and blindfolded boxers. 




 I'm not 100% certain that I'd want to walk the mile from 59th to 34th in bad or cold or hot weather, just because it's technically in the same area. It's two train stops (edit: guesstimate), and my *guess* is that the train, with your ability to not get hit by a car, might be a bit safer for a blind person than the streets. (I'm just guessing, though.) 


































 We don't read the comments, that's how. 




 Climate change is a huge contributing factor to the Syrian civil war.  




 I can only assume Quark uses replicators to deal with those weirdly shaped mugs. Can you imagine trying to clean those? 




 That's got to count as cruel and unusual, though. 




 Well, Dukat certainly does. 




 I'm sorry for your loss. 




 This pair of statistics sounds shocking, but there's a possible explanation. 

The population which got a second opinion comes from the 30% of Americans who don't feel confident in their doctor's advice and do see a need to gather additional information. 

We don't know what the results would be if the 70% who trust their doctors got second opinions. It might be the same, or it might not. 




 (Thanks!) 




 Train stations have [blind people bumps](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving), so he's safe on the MTA! And it's only a short train trip to 34th street, where I know for a fact that the Loews has audio description. (I was there ten days ago for my niece's birthday. Thank *god*, she's old enough that we didn't have to sit through the movie with her. I claimed poverty and went to the bookstore instead.) 




 Wait - tuna fish is turning some people to stone? (Real world question, is this a comics thing?) 




  Also, wouldn't you be at least a little upset if you knew that your body (or the body of your SO, parent, or sibling) was free for anyone to do anything with after they die?

No, I wouldn't. They're not there. They're dead. Their body is just so much meat. To me, this is like asking "Wouldn't you be at least a little upset if you knew that your house (or your mom's house) was free for anyone to do anything with after you move?" Why should I care? I've moved! So you can repaint in colors I hate, or screw in what used to be the nursery, or tear the whole thing to the ground for all I care.

What's the alternative? Stick the body in the ground until the worms and maggots devour it? Leave it on top of the ground for the vultures to eat, a so-called "sky burial"? Or burn it to a crisp and then deal with the cremains? They aren't just ashes, there are bone fragments, and prior to burning any internal devices, such as pacemakers, have to be removed.

Nothing that happens to the body after death is pretty. Thankfully, we're no longer there to experience it. My body isn't who I am, it's just where I live. 




 In the Paralympics, yes, but blind fighters such as wrestlers can and do compete with sighted opponents.

http://blindsports.on.ca/sports/wrestling/

Some sports are easier to accommodate for visual impairments than others. 




 The Edge Chronicles. I don't know which book in that series it's from, but it's from that series. 




 Theaters nowadays do offer audio description on movies. 




 With Braille Playing Cards.

http://www.braillebookstore.com/Braille-Playing-Cards,-Plastic.1 




 She would have mentioned if she had friends? So would Ron, I imagine. Given that Harry was still meeting people in his own house or year as late as OotP, it's entirely possible she did mention friends and Harry just didn't notice and so we never got wind of it.

I'm sure she didn't have that many friends, because her social skills are really poor, but Harry is an amazingly blinkered individual when it comes to other people. 




 Do you remember the first book? Vernon's scared of *Petunia*. She's the one with the abiding hatred at that point. People have this fanon that Vernon's the driver in all this, but it's not backed up by facts. 




 Dumbledore doesn't really get people, though. I mean, this is the guy who thought it was appropriate to inform a woman of her sister's death via a baby and a *note*. I don't care if they *were* estranged, that's the sort of thing that merits a personal visit! 




   Have you noticed Hermione didn't seem to have any muggle friends before going to hogwarts?

Why, because she never mentions them? Does that mean Dean had no muggle friends? Neville and Seamus and Ron had had no friends of any sort? 

 No they are nice people, she goes skiing with them in Paris and things like that during the summer.

Skiing's not really her thing.

I have no idea what sort of people the Grangers might be, but I really dislike it when people assume that superficial things - like going on vacation with your child - mean that you're a good person or a good parent. Plenty of people who are subpar parents or actually abusive take those kids skiing and whatnot, for lots of them it's more important to *look* like a good parent to others than to *be* a good parent to their child.

(That doesn't mean that the fact they took her skiing makes them BAD parents. It means that the skiing and the vacations are no proof one way or another.) 




 Do they? We hardly even see them in the books... and to be honest, I have trouble thinking too highly of people who blithely send their daughter to live with a boy during vacations after she's been away at boarding school the entire year.

They could be nice people. They could be emotionally distant. They could be abusive. They could be giant stuffed cabbages for all we know. 




 I completely agree. I'll add to this the fact that, over the course of seven years, she spends less and less time each year with her family at home and more and more of her vacation time with the Weasleys. Hermione is not so subtly trying to distance herself from her roots, and it shows. 




 Never can tell what people know and don't.

And that's nothing. After *years* of carefully avoiding all mention of two girls, one cup I finally had to sit through two kids talking about it on the bus. Never in my life wanted so hard to reach over and smack somebody. 




 I asked why he wouldn't be good at touch typing, and you responded that he didn't have an incentive to learn. I think one of us misunderstood the other, and that's not a snide way of saying "you misunderstood me". 




 Results from the recent past can be a little more illuminating than results from the more distant past. Right now there has been little job growth outside of the service industry. That doesn't bode well for the "well, they make more jobs in the long run!" mindset.

And while I, too, look forward to our inevitable post-scarcity paradise (well, assuming we don't hit the equally inevitable climate-change fueled dystopian horrorland instead, and yes, I know what inevitable is supposed to mean :P), the years between now and then are gonna *suck* as we transition to new assumptions and ways of living. 




 That's a funny definition of "normal". By that definition, it's not normal to be against marriage equality, because you are most definitely in the minority.  




 There, there. Happens to the best of us. 




 Okay, this is not terribly likely, but maybe Zahrah the Windseeker?

If you have any other details, no matter how trivial, they can help. 




 A greater number of people report having had same-sex experiences than call themselves gay or bisexual.

Conclusion? Surveys that rely on self-reporting aren't as accurate as you might hope. We still don't know the real number, although we do know it's greater than .5%. 




 That's been the case before, but past results are no guarantee of future success. 




 Do you remember when you read it? 




 Straight people have anal sex too.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/06/anal-sex-heterosexual-couples-report_n_1190440.html

A sizable minority of straight men and women have engaged in anal sex. It really is normal human behavior.

You and I aren't alike. I don't have a prurient fascination with other people's sex lives. That really isn't normal human behavior. 




 More than 50% of the US population approves of marriage equality, and that number is rising.

https://xkcd.com/1431/

You're in the minority, I'm happy to say. 




 Do you even *know* any blind people? Because the blind people I know, even those older than Daredevil, use computers all the time. Heck, most of 'em I met *online*. (Most of my friends are people I know online, you know how it is.)

Blind people have just as much incentive to be independent as sighted people - especially those blind people who also happen to be *lone vigilantes*. 



















 Why wouldn't he be good at touch typing? It's not a difficult skill to learn. 









 Can we please not juxtapose "gays" and things being "shoved down our throats"? It's just such an awkward combination and certain parties use it *all the time*. In the case of the homophobes, it's probably freudian somehow. 




 Whatever happened to not taking the bait? 




 Mmm. It's certainly true that less than 4% of the US population self-identifies as gay or bisexual in surveys.

However, that doesn't mean that less than 4% of the US population feels any same-sex attraction.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_sexual_orientation

Dealing with self-reporting can give you odd results if people feel a pressure to identify as straight.  




 Oh, bless your heart, you are *so* oppressed, you poor thing!  




 There've been a lot of them on HGTV for well over a decade by now. My mother used to joke about it. If a couple came on that wasn't interracial she'd be "OMG! They're the SAME!"  




 (s)na(rt). 




 Gosh who doesn't? 




 I suppose that's part of the gay agenda too. "If you don't accept your children, they'll become SUPERVILLAINS."

Which would be much cooler than what frequently does happen to gay and trans kids whose parents can't accept them. 




 Some people do that, especially if they've been dating awhile before the engagement 




 1/7 of the US population is in an interracial marriage, and yet when that adorable Cheerios commercial came out, omg the idiotic outcry. 




 It didn't seem terribly forced to me. Replay it in your head. If he'd said his "girlfriend" or "wife" wanted him to eat healthy, you'd consider it a throwaway line and probably not even notice. 




 And it wasn't even a big thing. She asked, they answered, and it was *done*. 




   But damn, some people treat it as if any mention of sexism/racism/homophobia is this blatant attack on everything they know and love.

That's because deep inside, they liked it better when everything they knew and loved was bigoted as heck.

It's like the people who whine about "PC" and when you look at the specific thing they can't stand it's nothing more than *good manners*. 




 Oh, yeah.

http://www.evula.com/jokes/homosexual_agenda.html 




 Wait, did you really not know about that before? 




 A minor character mentions his fiance, what, three times and this is being "forced" on you?

Sounds to me like you're the one with an agenda. 




 Gotta love how these folks always think that having nothing but straight people (or nothing but non-interracial couples, or nothing but whites, or nothing but men, or whatever it is they're whining about *this* week) isn't pushing an agenda at all. 




 There was a bit of an outcry when Netflix released Daredevil without audio description - and Netflix *did* know this kind of thing exists, because people have been asking them for over a decade to include it on some of their programming.

As with closed captioning, some providers are required by law to produce a certain amount of programming every year with audio description. Netflix's argument was that they are not included in that law (that was the same argument they used about CC until they settled out of court), but after the media around Daredevil they have agreed to add audio description to some of their shows and movies, including Daredevil.

It costs between $2,000 and $8,000, IIRC, to provide audio description for one hour of scripted entertainment. 




 Blind people can use the internet. Why wouldn't they? 




 The Books of Umber, P. W. Catanese 




 And it's not weird if he isn't a zombie? 




 Ouch! Do you correct them when you hear them, or walk on by? I'm frequently bit by the pedantry bug, and just cannot resist the urge. (Which I'm aware makes me probably a jerk, but I can live with that.) 




 And you don't know the half of it. Needless to say, I was more than willing to never see him again. 




 Our mutual dislike was so great that when I had him again he pretty much immediately suggested I do self-study instead and report in to an entirely different teacher to boot! 




 Demons, spirits, afterlives, none of that have any bearing on whether or not there are deities.

If you define "gods" as "beings who can do things I cannot do", then by that definition Superman is a god. Heck, so is my *cat*. She can see in the dark. (Of course, she's terribly nearsighted, like all cats, but such is life.)

Perhaps you define it as "beings who can do things I can't do and also can't explain". My cat is off the pantheon, Superman is still on. I sure as heck can't explain how that dude can leap tall buildings in a single bound *without* leaving giant holes in the pavement every time he lifts off.

Merriam-Webster defines "god" as follows:

a being or object believed to have more than natural attributes and powers and to require human worship; specifically :  one controlling a particular aspect or part of reality 

I suppose that does knock out Superman (finally), but it still leaves the field marvelously open with all sorts of beings that aren't conventionally considered deities of any sort.

Additionally, even if you acknowledge that deities exist, it doesn't follow that you acknowledge that you, personally, ought to worship them.  




 Audio description? 




 I can never unsee that. 




 I know the term, but I couldn't give you a precise definition. Caitlin's probably in that group. She has a vague idea, but she wanted more details. 




 The year I graduated high school was 2002. Had a jackass teacher who insisted on calling it 'Ground Hero'.  












































 I don't think so. It looks like price gouging is only illegal in NY during "an unreasonable disruption of the market". Being stuck on line waiting hours to get into the memorial probably doesn't count.

http://www.ag.ny.gov/price-gouging

Failing to list prices, now, that may be illegal. Don't know how to google for that. Hold on.

Edit: Yes, it looks like not showing prices is not legal.

http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dca/downloads/pdf/about/general_vendor_law_rules.pdf 




 I don't think people *do* have an intrinsic right, actually, to control what happens to their body once they're no longer using it.

And yes, I think you can do pretty much what is necessary to survive so long as you're not hurting anybody else. She isn't. Dead bodies aren't people. There's nothing left there to hurt. 




 She's at an amusement park. She's a customer. The park's sole purpose is to entertain customers. It's not to enforce arbitrary rules. Simply requesting a seating arrangement that makes her more comfortable is ipso facto "unreasonable"? 

I don't subscribe to "the customer is always right", but it seems a poor policy to act as though any request to alter SOP is automatically "unreasonable".

Now, this request may have legitimately *been* unreasonable. Especially if the park was crowded, they may not be able to accommodate repeated seating requests without delaying everybody else and making all their other customers unhappy. But her simply *asking* is not unreasonable. Unless you ask, you don't know what the response will be. 




  Next time I go to Luna Park I'll demand at any congestion stand I'm at not service animal products. I'm sure they'll understand because of my beliefs, right?

This is more like asking if they have veggie dogs than asking them not to serve anybody else meat. 




 Even if they *didn't* respectfully ask, the correct response is "We cannot accommodate that request. If you'd like a refund, I can get a manager."

There's really no excuse for escalating the situation. 




   As I understand it, Muslim women aren't allowed to speak to men that they're not related to (how did they order pizza before seamless? The horror...)

Islam isn't a monolith, and not all Muslims are equally religious. Just like with Christians, for that matter. Some Christians - think the Duggars - won't let their children go on unsupervised dates with their fiances. Others are okay with premarital sex. 

Plenty of observant Muslim women have no problem speaking to unrelated men, and there really are Jewish and Christian women in this country (and not immigrants) who *do*. (Seriously, Christian patriarchy is a real thing.) 




 GB has fewer than 5% of the population being Muslim. Italy and Norway have fewer than 4%. If 4 or 5% of your population is "too many", I suggest it may be the remaining 95% of your population that is "the problem". 




 Yes, asking not to be seated next to a man is *exactly the same* as blowing shit up. 




