 I wish I could remember what it cost to build the stadium in New Britain. Hopefully, it's been paid off. 

This will likely revive the debate in NB whether bringing the Rock Cats was a good idea in the first place. The stadium, near the Berlin border, offered no help to NB's downtown, the focus of its economic development.  I recall the idea of building a stadium downtown coming up, but not the reasons for its rejection. The right downtown parcel probably wasn't available. 

Hartford wants the stadium in walk-able distance to its downtown stores and shops, so they must be expecting some indirect economic benefit. Wonder if they're right.  

I just find this entire thing disgusting. It's one city against another, and the only true winner are the Rock Cats. 

So now New Britain is stuck with a useless stadium facility and Hartford residents may be taking on some debt they can't afford. 

I'm sure there will be talk about turning NB stadium over to NBHS or CCSU to use, but those teams won't drive attendance so it's going to be a big waste of space. 

I also don't get why NB officials -- apparently -- didn't see this coming. One explanation is that the Rock Cats were out to leave NB and weren't interested in any local drama. It may be that their business model is to bolt for a better deal when any lease is up. But still, the Rock Cats had an obligation to disclose their plan and see if there wasn't something NB could do to fix whatever it was they wanted addressed. Maybe they did earlier. Maybe there was some bad blood. I don't know, but the newly elected mayor seemed clueless. I'm not blaming her; this thing had to be simmering before she took office. I won't blame NB for feeling a little used by the Rock Cats, and Hartford officials would be wise to soak in some of that feeling.  

I do think the NB location was family-friendly, however. Easy to get to. Safe. Where will people park to see the Rock Cats in downtown Hartford? Will they have to walk to garages? Will it lead to an overall more expensive outing? 

Two pieces of advice to Hartford: Make sure the Rock Cats can't leave until the bonds are paid off. And remember the Whalers. Once their brand-new Hartford lease up, the Rock Cats will probably head out of state to the embracing arms of a new group of dumb bunny politicians. 
 




 Freelancing is ideal, but another path is to try blogging. Hopefully, you can carve out a few hours a week to do this. I don't know how successful people have been to use their self-published work as a means to a news (not opinion/blogging) job. But I believe it's possible, and it's certainly one way of getting on the radar of local news organizations, especially if you scoop them on something interesting. If you do, send a respectful note to a local editor with the link/clip and ask them if you could write this up for them. 

This is what I have in mind:

There's a fellow in DC who covers local meetings in his neighborhood and writes up reports: http://shortarticlesaboutlongmeetings.blogspot.com/

His coverage is straight news, and little different from a local news reporter's work. His effort is getting local recognition because fact-based stories free of rant and opinion are still appreciated. He could, I suspect, turn this blog into a source of part-time income via advertising. 

As far as age goes, you are a youngster. I'm in late 50s. I didn't get my first full-time job until about 25/26. I freelanced initially, but I would have been blogging as well ... had there been an Internet ....  

If you go the blog route, keep polishing and fixing your stories even if they are week old. You want your published work to be as sharp and clean as possible. Get an up-to-date an AP style guide, and practice writing with economy and precision. (I love this work: How to Write Short, Roy Peter Clark). Even Hunter Thompson started straight. 

   









 I have some serious problems with this opinion piece.  

It's author writes, "see how few women hold the programmer-journalist roles that have become so prized" and "When I do find women in these spots, theyre often doing front-end work, designing the interactives rather than doing the programming thats so highly prized."

Tech reporter here. First, only about 26% of the people in computer occupations are women, and women only constitute about 15% of a typical computer science graduating class.

Now, I'll guess that a large number of  "programmer-journalist" do not have CS degrees, but they probably have some technical training and their courses were mostly male. 

This point rang absolutely true: that women are "doing front-end work, designing the interactives" -- yes. You are more likely to find women doing Web design and user interface work because it combines art, in this case graphic arts, design and some code work.

The problem is more general and involves increasing the percentage of women who seek some technical training. At its root, this is a national problem and is not specific to journalism. That's an essential perspective and it's missing from the piece.  




 Technically, you're right. It's in Agawam. But under a special act approved by the Connecticut Legislature the property was annexed by Connecticut. 

Connecticut residents loved that place, and so lawmakers felt they had to do something to take it away from our northern neighbors. It was justified as payback for the bad driving they inflict on our state.  

Alas, the special act was approved Aug. 17, 1969 at 2 a.m. There weren't any news reporters there to witness it, because, coincidentally, it was approved during Woodstock. To keep Massachusetts from finding out that we had just annexed part of their state, an employee from the Secretary of State's office took the freshly printed law and coded it and put the document in one place and the cipher for decoding it in another. Lawmakers pledged themselves to secrecy. It was a different era back then.   

In 1998, when Six Flags was considering acquiring Riverside, a secret council of lawmakers who knew about the then 30-year-old Riverside Park Annexation Law gathered in panic. They felt it was time to make the law public and asset the state's right over the property and thwart the sale to Six Flags. 

But, alas, there was only one clue to the location of the cipher. The secretary of state employee who hid the cipher, in keeping with the great tradition of the Charter Oak, sealed the cipher with bee's wax in a great oak tree in Farmington. This employee then retired and left for Florida and was never heard from again. Unfortunately, the tree was removed in 1973. It was located on the site of Westfarms Mall, which opened in 1974. 

This is a true story.  




 I like the Clairefontaine wirebound book. It's a French based company, and the paper is excellent quality and designed for fountain pens, but any semi-liquid pen looks great. It's hard to find. In the DC area, the pen store across the press club has them; otherwise, online. 

I wish someone made a reporter's style notebook with good quality paper. 




 On a purely technical level, I would suggest this: Sony recorders, which I use, have something called a T mark. It is essentially a bookmark. Press the T Mark button when you hear something you may want to quote.  

You can manually jump ahead to T marks for playback. From the stop position, hit the fast forward on the voice recorder and it will jump from T Mark to T Mark. 

It's easier if you hook the recorder up to a PC.  The Sony voice editing software will show where the T mark is; just click on the spot. (There's no Mac version of the Sony editing software, and I really don't know if a Mac will recognize the Sony recorder as a separate drive.)

To keep track of T Mark numbers, the easiest way for me is to just keep track of how many times I pressed it. From experience, I've found it best to use the T Marks sparingly. If it's a quote I'm sure I will want to double check, I hit it. 

Using a T Mark is super fast way to zero in an quote without having to look away from a speaker in a face-to-face interview. (Or shift gaze from notepad to recorder, which I find is distracting to the person you are interviewing.) 

Almost all the Sony recorders, especially the ones with the USB port, have the T Mark function. Starting price is around $50 an up. 

Another thing I really like about Sony is the ability to customize the keyboard commands for voice editing. I can speed through a recording very quickly. 

In buying a voice recorder, you may want to look at where the T-Mark is located and consider the button layout. I don't want to accidentally press the wrong button. I have two Sony units currently: The ICD-UX533 has the T Mark button adjacent to the folder and menu buttons, and while it's a good recorder, I'm not super-pleased with this layout. I also own a ICD-SX712. The T Mark button is the lower right, separate from everything else, and easy to find by touch. 
 




 I worked at a time when many newspapers augment FT reporters with small armies of stringers. It was a foundation for good local coverage. The stringers were axed as time went on, and I agree that local bloggers, with exceptions, didn't replace them. 

On the issue of bad hiring I wonder if newsrooms aren't suffering from the same thing that afflicts a lot of industries. Many candidates do not make it pass computer screenings of resumes because they are missing certain certifications or skill sets. I'm not suggesting that editors use algorithms to screen out candidates, but I will argue that newsroom hiring may be too focused on credentials and has lost the ability to recognize raw talent. They may be on unwilling to take a risk on someone. I do not know. 


 




 Your analysis is correct and isn't yet. Yes, "too few people start blogs to cover local meetings and such." But relative to what? There are plenty of local bloggers who do the work, but in the vast blog-o-sphere, they will be always be the minority. You can't use the volume of poor bloggers to hang the rest. That's one of the problems local bloggers face; they are dismissed, under-appreciated and unnoticed, because of the sins of the many. 

I wasn't suggesting j-school was a "soviet re-education camp" -- I actually think j-school has some value today, especially since journalists will have have to know far more than than the basics. Technology and databases are too big a part of it. But I do believe that the j-school dominated newsroom management is self-reinforcing about hiring. They look for people with j-school and may be blind to great potential. Journalism doesn't require a j-school degree. In an event, the degree is low down on the list once you get past entry level. At that point, you either have the work to show or you don't.  




  So excuse me if I don't think your average citizen journalist has the skills and judgement of someone with a master's degree in journalism. There is a reason that citizen journalism is, as you said, "an excuse for uninformed opinion pieces." It's because citizen journalists are untrained, unskilled hacks.

Where is all this anger coming from? Our business is laying off people, not hiring. Starting a blog, covering local meetings, is the new entry level "job" for a lot people. Their material may not be up your standards, and they operate with benefit of skilled editors who have seen every mistake imaginable, but bless them for trying.  

We should be encouraging citizen journalism, especially for people who want to break into the business. I really don't know any other way to do so today. Sure, you could blow a ton of money on a grad degree, but it's still about clips.

And is it smart to only hire people with a J-degree, a master's at that. How terribly sad. Editors use to value drive, curiosity, and evidence of intelligence in whatever form it took. I remember discussions in my first newsroom, 30 years ago, about whether the then increasing interest in j-school would radically change hiring practices and we wondered. 

My first newsroom, with about a dozen reporters, had two Ivy league grads with various liberal arts degrees, one with a law degree, and the balance from universities and state colleges that didn't appear on college rankings. No one had a j-degree.  One of the editors didn't even have a college degree. They were all hired because they had some good clips, could think on their feet, tell a joke, weren't easily intimidated, write a clear sentence and were relentless in pursuit of a story. I felt honored to be in their company and my hiring an anomaly. 

I get that there are fewer editors in newsrooms today, and can see the logic of hiring interns with their rookie errors squeezed out of them. But that still doesn't prepare them for what they may really need. 

Back in the day, we all knew the J-school people would take over in the end, because it's self-perpetuating. Specialization always wins out. Once someone with a masters in journalism becomes ME or EE, that sets the tone. I don't think that's a great outcome for a business that requires a lot of intellectual diversity. J-school can help turn out competent reporters, I suppose, but a great reporter is a force of nature. 



 




 I think it depends what type of blog you're talking about. I agree that there are a lot of national blogs that siphon ad dollars and do little for journalism. And let's not forget the impact Craigslist had on classifieds, or Zillow/Trulia etc. on real estate advertising etc. 

But local blogs, with one or a few people writing for nothing or pocket change, are getting ads from local businesses and returning real content to the community.  They aren't parasitic. If anything, the daily journos gain story ideas from their work.  




 Blogger and Word Press are great, and Typepad has been around for a  long time.  If you sign up for any of the newer operations listed here, find out what your options are for moving all your content to Word Press. Have a back-up/bail out plan. If any of these platforms are running on VC money, they may still be shy of making a profit. Also, think long term. Do you want advertising and how friendly are some of these other platforms to ads?  




 You're talking about citizen journalism? Not about paid journalists who also blog? 

Anyone who is hostile toward citizen journalists is, IMHO, a complete shithead and who, despite this horrid condition, doesn't know crap. 

Here are some great examples of citizen journalism by people who do this in DC. 

http://shortarticlesaboutlongmeetings.blogspot.com/

http://capitolhillcorner.org/

http://homicidewatch.org/

The coverage speaks for itself.  




 It's a news judgment issue. The collapse of the  West Antarctic sheets means that sea levels will rise to catastrophic levels. It's now officially unavoidable. So, yes, as a longtime reporter, I'm very interested in discovering whether news organizations can really assess the implications of this finding, and, if so how do you treat it? 

Future generations will assess how this generation reported this issue; they'll see how much importance was assigned to the story, and they ask whether the journalists of this period really understood the findings.

As the saying goes, journalism is the first draft of history. Will we get it right? 

(Regarding the Bloomberg link, I used only because it seemed competent and isn't behind a paywall. There are a lot of good explanatory reports out there.) 



 

 














 Yelp has a listing http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=newsstand find_loc=Washington,+DC

 




 Skews very young, which is evident from a lot of the postings.  Thanks for doing the survey. Interesting results.  




 Well, I will disagree. I am an older journo and stories that tend to read are fact based. Unemployment is higher for this generation; college debt is high, and that is worrisome and a lot of the reporting seems to reflect that. As far as work culture, some of the business reporting that I've seen about millennial work habits isn't negative; it's about how businesses can adapt and retain the younger generation that is likely to be very well educated, less loyal (and for good reason), and insisting on more flexibility in work/life arrangements. 

The BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) to work, something many IT department are adapting to, is being driven in large part by the younger generation that doesn't want to be constrained by out-of-date tech. 

And as far as destruction of humanity goes ... the polls seem to indicate that millennials may be the most concerned about climate change. Millennials aren't very well represented in Congress yet, so I won't fault them for causing the destruction of humanity. As far as who screwed up the economy: every earlier generation blames the older generation for this or that. It's a waste of energy, because as the saying goes, nobody is perfect. 

And regarding the journalism business: Most of the web news start-ups, I would suppose, that are roiling this business are the efforts of millennial generation, not the baby boomers. The younger generation is carving out a new paths for making journalism thrive. I hope they succeed. 

If you read something that blames the millennial generation for the national woe, just keep in mind that it was written by a dull, ignorant, full-of-crap, dense and misinformed person who probably has no idea where his/her local library is, and likely has the IQ of a hen. 


 




 Nothing converted me. This isn't a belief. The science is simply overwhelming. The impact of rising C02 levels on the oceans, land and atmosphere arrives daily. Reading about climate change, studying it, and trying to act proactively to bring about change is important for me. 

Right now I'm reading The Sixth Extinction by Elizabeth Kolbert, which documents to accelerating decline of species. Many species aren't adapting well to warmer climate and the increasing acidification of the oceans as they absorb more C02. Really recommend it. It's not polemic. She's a top notch reporter who had access to scientists in the field, and she reports on their findings. 

The worry, the concern and the fear is authentic for many people. There is no doubt. 


 
  




 Taxes on a suburban ranch house can run 4K in the 860. Car taxes can add another 1K easily. Energy cost are high. It's a beautiful state, but if you're getting close to retirement the overhead is really tough. 

The winters may be getting tougher, too. More snow it seems.  









 This Huff post screed is more than 1,100 words over a problem that could have been explained in 25. 

 




 Kudos to the farmer for writing this piece. But reading between the lines of his essay, you can sense that he's being cautious. He calls for "common sense" solutions twice, without really explaining what he means beyond increasing reliance on alternative energy. But in Iowa, as I understand, landowners are doing ok by making land available for wind generation. Is he arguing for expanded use of land for alternative energy? Is there a subtext here? Not really sure.  




 Here's the museum's write-up of its exhibit. (Scroll down)

http://www.nbmaa.org/index.php?option=com_content task=view id=32 Itemid 









 How everyone is preternaturally young. In DC, I feel like I'm living in the movie Twilight.  




 We're describing different things. Facebook didn't close the door to content. But it did close the door to searchable content independent of Facebook's own engine. And I wasn't describing full-time content creators, but people with day jobs who write as a hobby.  




 

Before there was Facebook, there were a lot of blogs, personal blogs, where people shared stories about their communities and reaction to things. They were open and accessible and uniquely valuable; they tended to humanize a community, and enliven. 

Over the years, many of these writers, understandably, migrated to Facebook because they're real interest was to use the blog for social networking. (And they weren't that much interested in maintaining a blog.)

But this shift to Facebook also closed the door to a lot of content. The local blogging universe gradually became mostly specialized: food, clothing, mom blogs, real estate, neighborhood, etc.  

Many of the story tellers, who had a talent for making a community alive, were posting on Facebook. They're content, for the most part, was no longer discoverable via a general search engine. 

If FB Newswire has a plan to take some of this content and allow it to find its way to the broad public domain, (something I think these writers, when asked would embrace), then it might be very useful. This content doesn't even have to be connected to any news event. 

If Facebook could find, discover and promote writing that tells us something about the world we live in and add that to your news feed, then it might be doing something important and powerful. 





 




 Ignorance in the world? Film at 11.  




 In science, research is first peer reviewed, and, second, the validity of a finding is only established after others duplicate the research.

In data journalism, there's no easy way to know whether the data has been interpreted correctly, or manipulated to support a news hook. Other news organizations, bloggers etc., are more likely to amplify the findings instead of critically asking whether the data is accurate, complete, or represents reality.  

I've used data to support stories for decades, but in extremely targeted ways. The data was the icing, not the story. Now we have news orgs downloading every spreadsheet they can find. Danger ahead, IMHO. 
 

 




 The ownership model is a lot different for the affiliates. In Hartford, the major state newspaper, the Courant, is owned by the Tribune Co. The local Fox affiliate in Hartford is also owned by the Tribune, and the reporting is very good.   

The Courant, like the state, is a fairly liberal paper, editorial-wise. The Courant and the Fox affiliate also work in concert on some things, especially weather reporting. 

If anything, the local Fox affiliates that I've seen work to rise above the national reputation of Fox News. 
 




 It's not that. In Connecticut it's about the view. These things can be as high as 400 feet and have a wingspan that's massive. They are landscape altering, and having one here, one there, isn't going to make a one bit of a difference to global climate or to big oil. This will never be a windfarm state like Iowa or Texas. More likely than not, some business will put one up as an advertising gimmick to claim that that they are green. 

As it is, most towns try to shrink business signs, just to keep the landscape view pristine.  

Frankly, I think the state should do more to encourage solar. Or keep builders from constructing 2,500 square-feet plus houses, or putting in more mass transit in the Hartford region, in particular, as well as allowing higher density housing near potential mass transit centers. More bike paths on roads would be great as well.   




 Try a hotel bag check. You may get away with it if you're generous with the tip.  




 Catch a cab to the National Gallery. Not far.  




 The bill, ostensibly, is design to ensure that people can take photos of police activity. But the exceptions appear to give police broad latitude to shut down photography.

This is the text of the bill.

http://www.cga.ct.gov/2014/FC/2014HB-05060-R000545-FC.htm

AN ACT CONCERNING THE RECORDING OF POLICE ACTIVITY BY THE PUBLIC.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Assembly convened: Section 1. (NEW) (Effective October 1, 2014) (a) For the purposes of this section, "peace officer" has the meaning provided in section 53a-3 of the general statutes. (b) A peace officer shall not interfere with any person taking a photographic or digital still or video image of such peace officer or another peace officer acting in the performance of such peace officer's duties, except as necessary to (1) lawfully enforce a criminal law of this state or a municipal ordinance, (2) protect the public safety, (3) preserve the integrity of a crime scene or criminal investigation, (4) safeguard the privacy interests of any person, including a victim of a crime, or (5) lawfully enforce court rules and policies of the Judicial Branch with respect to taking a photograph, videotaping or otherwise recording an image in facilities of the Judicial Branch. (c) The Division of State Police within the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection and the Police Officer Standards and Training Council established under section 7-294b of the general statutes shall jointly develop a model policy and training standard to implement the requirements of subsection (b) of this section in a manner consistent with public safety and rights guaranteed by the first, fourth and fourteenth amendments to the United States Constitution. Not later than January 15, 2015, the Police Officer Standards and Training Council shall submit such model policy and training standard to the joint standing committee of the General Assembly having cognizance of matters relating to public safety, in accordance with section 11-4a of the general statutes, and to the chief law enforcement officer of each municipality having a police department, the law enforcement instructor of each such police department and the Commissioner of Emergency Services and Public Protection. On and after July 1, 2015, each law enforcement agency shall adopt and implement the model policy and training standard developed under this subsection. 









 Blame for the low turnout rest completely on DC's leaders. 

April primary: Bad idea. It should be in Sept. 

Field was too busy. 

There were no issues. Everyone was running against Gray. 

I'm hoping November is better. It's basically a face off between David Catania and Muriel Bowser. With Mayor Gray out, that means these two will actually have to campaign on issues.

 




 The bill, ostensibly, is design to ensure that people can take photos of police activity. But the exceptions appear to give police broad latitude to shut down photography. 

This is the text of the bill.

 http://www.cga.ct.gov/2014/FC/2014HB-05060-R000545-FC.htm

AN ACT CONCERNING THE RECORDING OF POLICE ACTIVITY BY THE PUBLIC.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Assembly convened:
Section 1. (NEW) (Effective October 1, 2014) (a) For the purposes of this section, "peace officer" has the meaning provided in section 53a-3 of the general statutes.
(b) A peace officer shall not interfere with any person taking a photographic or digital still or video image of such peace officer or another peace officer acting in the performance of such peace officer's duties, except as necessary to (1) lawfully enforce a criminal law of this state or a municipal ordinance, (2) protect the public safety, (3) preserve the integrity of a crime scene or criminal investigation, (4) safeguard the privacy interests of any person, including a victim of a crime, or (5) lawfully enforce court rules and policies of the Judicial Branch with respect to taking a photograph, videotaping or otherwise recording an image in facilities of the Judicial Branch.
(c) The Division of State Police within the Department of Emergency Services and Public Protection and the Police Officer Standards and Training Council established under section 7-294b of the general statutes shall jointly develop a model policy and training standard to implement the requirements of subsection (b) of this section in a manner consistent with public safety and rights guaranteed by the first, fourth and fourteenth amendments to the United States Constitution. Not later than January 15, 2015, the Police Officer Standards and Training Council shall submit such model policy and training standard to the joint standing committee of the General Assembly having cognizance of matters relating to public safety, in accordance with section 11-4a of the general statutes, and to the chief law enforcement officer of each municipality having a police department, the law enforcement instructor of each such police department and the Commissioner of Emergency Services and Public Protection. On and after July 1, 2015, each law enforcement agency shall adopt and implement the model policy and training standard developed under this subsection.
 









 I was the editor of my college paper, 30 years ago. Same deal, and no explanation for it. But my college paper work gave me clips and contacts, and my first reporting job. 

The people I met, some whom became lifelong friends, was the best part of it.  




 Your query prompted me to think about the writers of Wall Street Journal's All Things Digital worked under contract. They split from the WSJ and formed http://recode.net/ (Another who started with a personal brand, moved to large outfit and then returned to a personal brand, is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Romenesko) 

There's a whole emerging issue about whether journalists will actually become "brands," and operate as independent contractors with the freedom to move name and brand from pub to pub. I don't know enough about this issue as I would like. But if you have a blog with a following and good brand and you see it as a potential revenue source, then you want to protect yourself. Linking up with a newspaper may accelerate your brand and profile, and help theirs as well, since food bloggers can be very popular and great source of ad revenue. 

Personally, I'd want the ability to return my blog and brand if I parted company. I might think differently if they bought out my food blog and coupled that with a contract to write for it. But right now it sounds like you would be migrating without an offer, so you are the one in the stronger position in a sense. If they aren't offering you anything to bring your blog to their platform, it seems entirely reasonably that you should keep the brand. (Will you be giving up ad revenue that you now make on your personal blog?) 

The All Things Digital writers, and they left in one big group, weren't able to keep that brand. The WSJ retains it. I don't know how ReCode is doing; maybe it's a rousing success, I just don't know. But having to re-brand seems like a risk. 

Congratulations, I must say, for putting yourself in this position to begin with. It's an interesting issue, and the editors must think well of your work to offer.  




 I don't think there is a source on that. And I don't think it's something that the TSA wants to advertise. But I have heard of people who didn't have a driver's license, lost it, forgot it, or whatever, who were still able to get on planes.  




 Was the military trying to enhance security, somehow, with these arrests? You can tour U.S. military bases via Google Earth. Surprising amount of detail in the satellite images.  




 First, I think it's just super that you are working on a neighborhood blog. That's outstanding.

Layout wise, dunno. The "free and affordable fun," video teaser is wordy, takes up too much white space, and doesn't really compel you to click on link. It needs art. 

The side-by-side Knoxville Opera/Spring football heds seems a little too busy. 

Most neighborhood blogs use a blog-type format, and, honestly, I feel readers get confused by formats that stray away from that model. 

 I think these layouts are a little more action-packed: 

http://www.popville.com/

http://www.brownstoner.com/


 




