 NSFW 




 Sorry for the vagueness and ambiguity but its 530am and I don't know why my brain just started to think about this but about ten or fifteen years ago I remember seeing this movie where this guy who is an increasingly shitty husband comes home to find a really fucked up video of his wife confessing to a bunch of fucked up shit like cheating on him and the video gets worse and worse until the end it actually shows her cheating on him on the video with his neighbor and then he finds out that its not a recorded video but a live feed from the neighbors place and he tries to kill her and or the neighbor or something. It may not have been in theaters maybe just made for/by HBO or Cinemax or something. Sorry/thanks. 














 Www.pornhub.com .... One lifetime of HIV prevention. 




 ANUSTART 




 Also why is he laying on his back with no pants on in what appears to be a dirty bathroom in an old insane asylum.  




 I feel like 80% of rap songs from the 90s are full of those sounds too. 




 I would either choose "oops" or "what's that?". 




 Its cool because English is such a garbage language that when you read it out loud all the a's make different noises. 




 Because of Facebooks-n-such. 




 There needs to be infinity more of these types of videos 




 If the husband of some bitch can be president, then some bitch who's husband was president can also be president. 




 Holy shit 









 Panda Venom new band name I called it. 














 Look it up, its actually a physics phenomenon in the sport of table tennis. 




 I dunno man I saw one on the Science Channel that can essentially print 3d buildings from locally acquired mineral resources, which NASA is considering using for building a moon base, and moon bases probably won't have to be breastfed, have diapers changed, wake up crying every night, and throw up constantly for the first year of their lives... 




 And that every straight guy age 12-35 walks around with a banana in their pocket. 




 Well, in the kitchen, women complain about doing the dishes, and in the bedroom they complain about having to make the bed and fold clothes, and in the TV room they complain about the TV being too loud or food being left on coffee tables; ergo, they need something to complain about in a bathroom that is otherwise dominated by their mess, so they use the toilet lid as their vehicle. 




 Baby pandas are in fact much more dangerous than adult pandas because their venom is just as potent, but as adolescents they haven't learned how to control the amount that they inject into their prey when they bite. 









 The 14 year old me was pretty certain you were supposed to pee inside a girl's bagina when you had sex, too. 




 I feel like Lynch is a pretty racist surname too. It's like having the last name Gaschamber. 




 I'm tempted to create numerous extra accounts just so I can give this more upvotes. 




