 Progress my ass. Janice's father had just received a pretty sizable bonus and was front runner for the General Manager of the Furniture and Pie Emporium, which would've included a hefty pay raise as well. Why would he leave that position, especially considering the entire family's deep rooted ties to the community. THEY started the Neighborhood Watch (which ended up a big hit and reducing teen smoking), but, as we all know, Rawlins despised it as he was known to smoke cigarettes and they would always hassle him for curfew. Two big no no's for Neighborhood Watch. If these sheeple would open their eyes they would see that Rawlins has already been on-record saying Neighborhood Watch is "stupid," and they "don't need it." Don't need it? Teen smoking down 15%, Dad's are happier as they feel cool at night, Mom's can drink wine in peace while Dad is gone, it makes everyone happier. Don't need it Rawlins? Maybe we don't need you.

Mark's gold digging for voters and we all know it. Why have they never kissed in public? Can we talk about Karen's brand new Audi she came to school in? Her parents drive Chevy's because they are a middle class family. You think she got that all by herself? Part time host at Applebee's isn't buying you a new Audi sweetheart. 




 Let's not start with the whole Janice scandal that Rawlins was involved in 2 years ago. Is it a coincidence it was swept under the rug RIGHT BEFORE this campaign began? Where is Janice these days, did she really "move," out of state? I think this whole thing goes deeper than we can fathom, nobody2000. 




  it's a ~~repost~~

Remix. FTFY 




 Steamed broccoli  




 Cammy from Street Fighter 




 If he can't find it, it's right [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony) 




 Grant Hopkins is a good friend of mine!!! 




 Flyers fan as well 




 It's the thought that counts, right?  









 Keep me updated for the next meetup!!! I'm brand new to the area and this seems like a god way to meet some characters. 




 Me and my roommate would love to join, but we just moved from PA a month ago and don't have anyone else to join with us. 
 









 Hopefully your teacher sees this post somehow and learns it's always appropriate to credit the source. Lincoln is OP. OP is Lincoln! 




 but he is... 




 So, do you always repost front page material the very next day? 




 I'm so glad this is fresh OC that I definitely did not just see 10 minutes ago. 




 I bet he doesn't know how to use 3 shells either. 




 NFL stated he is not allowed in the NFL draft at all. 




 YUP! 




 It had to be said, nobody ever knows the context of why snowballs were thrown. Anyone want to bring up J.D Drew and batteries? There were TWO batteries and fuck J.D Drew anyway. 




 Yea, anyways..fuck J.D Drew. 




 Olivo was shitfaced drunk in a Santa suit, that's why they threw snowballs at him. Let's be real about this.

Edit- From the Philly area, also an Eagles fan. 




 The inventor of the dildo. 




 I'm immediately attracted. Asking for trouble? Yes, please.
 




 Holy shit...I'm terrified. 




 Make better games and charge for them. You know, like the rest of the world's developers always have.  




 Spell check. Fucking spell check everything. 




 or if Booth would've let one loose at the same time of the shot, and missed. One fart could've saved him... 




 r/mildlyinteresting? 









 Freemium games. 




 This is a PSA that must be seen EVERYWHERE! The world needs to know this!!

Have an upvote. 




 Megaman Legends. Because Megaman 




 *See- windshield. 




 Everything. They are movies, that's what they are there for. 




 I remember having the same skin. Awesome! 




 That's a little more realistic. Still seems a tad high though... 




 Craaaab people....craaaab people. 




 Can we make this a thing? 




 Let's not exaggerate here. 




 Engraved tombstone. 




 Agreed.  




