 The glint in her eye is asymmetricaly creepy. 




 Please stop. 




 If I get drowsy I floor it to the max. 




 Look up fanout.   




 The long jurney 














 Intentional or accidental?   




 The last time it didn't turn out so well. 




 You need to walk your dog more. 




 http://www.asapwire.com/   









 I guess I'm fucked. 

















































 It is likely hot melt glue.  Poke it with soldering iron. 




 It is hard to come by 0.01pF caps so it must be 0.01uF.   Yes on the other stuff. 









 Look up comparator circuits. 



























































 Light dimmer will work.   












































 Cops doing that; preventing a guy to make honest buck, increases crime rate in another way.  Those prevented from working will turn to crime and that is what the dark side wants.  Steady supply of criminals no matter what the "crime".  It justifies their existence. 


































 Shouldn't interstellar space begin outside the Oort cloud? 




 Gets me every time 




 https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTF62zdwUO_u33KHlyIDHvBZiKD2Z3JnFqvGI9gOTAPf0IXk14o 













































































































 How is this different from Islam which permits lying to infidels? 




 30km? 





























 Let evolution sort this one out.  Along with the ones that dart across the street, stop when the see you coming and pull a u turn right under the wheels. 




 Too many players in that one. Upvoted anyways. 




 They have trillions of flies. 




 Resonance frequency of what?  Series LC, Parallel LC, Speaker, Crystal, Conductive cavity, room? 














 Bullshit.  No one knows where the world will be in a year, let alone ten. 









 For someone who is not a fan of abstract art, I like this. 
























 Get a smoke alarm. 




 Because history looks better that future. 




 Treat every wire as a resistor. 




 I wonder if it can do anything for tinnitus. 




 They both look like they are full of stool. 




 Two diodes.  Whichever source has higher voltage wins. 





























 I was looking at that too and although it looked like fire, it was most likely some kind of reflection. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bt9zSfinwFA 




 That must mean that they emit UV 

















































 Time to join www.turbobricks.com 





























 Fury3 














 Webbed feet too.   




 I am getting tired of this good for you / bad for you tripe.   




 Have the cops showed up yet? 

































































































































 Fuck you reddit http://redd.it/1jrrfy 



















 If you want privacy you aren't going to find it on computers. 

















































 Setup.  Just look at the tape. 




 iPenisberg 
































































 You got to take better pictures. 














 Looks like a shrine 




 Never buy cheapest tools.  Found a 99 drill set cleaning out my fathers stuff.

I bent one by hand.  Good for styrofoam.

http://www.viatrack.ca/Misc/DRILBIT.jpg

 




 So how was the trip back? 




 So it bubbles.  What does that mean? 




 Should say "catnip" 





























