 Handle that however you want, just don't try to lean on some crutch that your approach is supported by LaVey's teachings, it isn't. He had a lot less tolerance than anyone here towards "theists" or people claiming some other brand or origin of Satanism, especially in his later years. He even spelled it out in Satan Speaks: "The only person in recorded history to codify Satanism into an applicable religion is Anton Szandor LaVey."

He chose his words carefully (codify, applicable, religion, recorded).  




 He didn't, 17th on the list. 




 What are you talking about in regards to what LaVey taught? Because it's clear that he championed intelligent discrimination, stratification, calling spades spades, and equal parts love and hate. He was not for Satanic "brotherly love" and detested the idea of giving people respect just because they take the Devils name. He learned in the early years of the Church of Satan that his material attracts a fair amount of kooks and losers, so he focused on stratification and letting water seek its own level.  




 No. 




 You know there are professionals who can help you fulfill your masochistic needs.  









 What do you want out of being a registered member? Are you working on any projects that would benefit from collaboration with other like minded people? Some people join because they feel like they agree with the ideas that the COS promotes and would like to see that continue and don't do anything else. Other people join so they could network. Others join because they want to spook their friends and have $200 to blow. I joined because I respected the work of several COS members that I knew for years and wanted to show my gratitude to an organization that helped them flourish and orchestrated productive relationships between creative people.  




 A membership to the Church of Satan is actually a pretty lousy gift. This should be something an individual themselves deems worth their time and resources because they believe they can benefit from joining.   


The 600 Club is not a Church of Satan board and has no relationship with the Church of Satan. I guess some members can go on there and organize things but that's not at all representative of the activity of the Church of Satan. The membership package also included contact info with the COS and encouraged members who wished to be active with the organization to communicate their activities and accomplishments with the COS. We operate several communication channels that are not open to the public. 

Again, if you do not feel you would benefit from networking with other like minded individuals who have gone through a kind of clearing house then do not join. Are you going to get along just great with every Church of Satan member? Most likely not. I would be suspicious of anyone who does. But you get what you bring into it.  




 Sorry this isn't in the price range of some factory churned ICP blacklight poster. If that's more your liking Spencer's got you covered. If you want an individually handcrafted piece of decor for your ritual chamber or den of iniquity, then consider this. I somehow doubt this is going to show up in Ikea. 




 And yes, there may be some Satanists who believe in some sort of afterlife, but does not mean it's a Satanic ideal. I would say that's a flaw in their character. I would subscribe that to some other aspect of their personality that they themselves would have to deal with. Just because a person is into Satanism it does not mean that everything else they believe in is Satanic. 




 LaVey made it clear that he did not believe in any afterlife other than living on in the memories of people he's influenced. Satanism views death as "the great abstinence"; a total void of carnal pleasure. You are worm food. So the Satanic philosophy centers around living this life to the fullest. From the Book of Satan in the Satanic Bible: Life is the great indulgence - death, the great abstinence. Therefore, make the most of life - HERE AND NOW! 




 Many of the Satanists I know don't really care for metal. While not exactly emo or pop punk, you might be into Boysetsfire, who's frontman Nathan Gray is a well regarded member of the Church of Satan. [See his interview with Fire Alive](http://www.firealive.it/i-am-heresy-interview-with-nathan-gray/).  

[Here's a Disinfo post](http://disinfo.com/2014/10/hail-satan-way/) about several Church of Satan members who are doing music other than metal.  




 LaVey wrote a whole book on it. [The Satanic Witch](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0922915849/churchofsatan) is useful for both sexes and includes an extensive suggested reading list that should be seriously considered by anyone interested in delving into Deep Satanism. 









 Here are some resources from Church of Satan members

History of the Enochian Keys: http://youtu.be/t5hcGOpLME4?t=1h12m6s

On Magical Languages: http://unorthodoxyblog.wordpress.com/2014/09/29/eposide-ii-is-here-lucid-dreaming-and-secret-languages/ 




 I sure do, and most Satanists I know do as well, Yuletide at least. Many of us exchange gifts and cards. I decorate my home every year with a tree and plenty of presents for my wife and cat.  




 Nikolas Schreck is not a great representation of Satanism. He was reluctantly tolerated by LaVey because of his relationship with Zeena but LaVey himself kept his distance and never supported any of his antics. He quickly renounced Satanism when LaVey refused to hand over the Church of Satan to him and Zeena and they both "magically" became Setian. 

LaVey hated Manson and wrote at great length about how he was a moronic criminal. I get that certain Satanists, especially in the 80's, where attracted to him as some kind of counter culture icon, but Manson has nothing to do with Satanism. 




 Shit happens, I get it. But makes it hard to take them seriously when they're talking about being in personal communication with all powerful dark forces and being some stellar master elite who takes the bus home. 




 Ihsahn of Emperor, Garm of Ulver, Dave Ingram of Benediction/Bolt Thrower are the only "metal" artists that really portray Satanism in any meaningful way, in my opinion.  

Having spent about 10 years in the "trve kvlt" Black Metal scene as a promoter I say I'm not at all impressed with these guys, Watain included. They talk about being in tune with dark gods but when push comes to shove they call their parents for help with money, puke when they drink too much cheap beer, and hang out with scumbags for drugs. 




 Funny how people who get hung up on this tend to be people who need some kind of identity or validation. Be responsible for your own actions and get over it.   














 That's pretty funny, because one of the biggest and most common criticisms of Gilmore is that he diverted too far from LaVey. Even Boyd, who I've spoken to personally, makes this claim (that Gilmore is too rationalist). If you actually read anything Gilmore has put out, you'll see that he actually lays out in very specific ways that he has expanded on LaVey's writings, and may even disagree or downplay certain aspects of LaVey.  

All it takes is a bit of third-grade critical reading comprehension to grasp that, but you know... tl;dr for some I guess...

And I'm not sure what you mean by "positive". If by "positive" you mean remain stagnant or bend to every contracting whim of every naysayer, then yes the CoS hasn't been very "positive". 

And yes, this book is by Blanche Barton, it says that pretty clearly in every associated link and description. Big whoop. Welcome to the world of biographies, where it's pretty common knowledge that most, some would say all, biographies are biased and subjective. It's up to the reader to analyse the material with a critical mind, look for sources if something is in question, and come to their own conclusions. 




 If you want some academic resources I recommend the work of Cimminnee Holt. She's done a great deal of research with the history of Satanism and the Church of Satan.  http://www.academia.edu/2540808/2012._Satanists_and_Scholars_A_Historiographic_Overview_and_Critique_of_Scholarship_on_Religious_Satanism_Masters_Thesis_Dept._of_Religion_Concordia_University 




 Would be a funny situation but no, the Church of Satan is not a charity.  




 From looking at the pre-release videos (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od0dg2mC93c) I can't say that this lives up to the promise in the interview. Looks like a SC2 clone... standard build-order/production obsessed gameplay. Kane's Wrath will continue to stay installed I guess. 









 Just about every thread about Satanic magic seems to me to be answered appropriately. The problem might be that some people aren't happy with the answers. What kind of questions would you have form someone "inside the church itself"?  




 Sigh... yeah it was up and then it got taken down. We're getting DDoS attacks from what we believe to be Islamic fundamentalists. 




 The website is back up :) 




 The COS site is down for some maintenance, I'll let you know as soon as it's back up. 




 Recently listened to: Chelsea Wolfe,  King Dude, Sleep Research Facility, Sol Invictus, Waldteufel, Cult of Youth, Sutekh Hexen, First Aid Kit, Phantogram, Grimes, Purity Ring, Martin Denny, WIFE, Altar of Plagues, Burial, Cold Cave, oOoOO, Tokimonsta, Ulver. 

Yes. 




 Anton LaVey answers this fairly directly in the essay "Get a Life" in Satan Speaks.

"As far as I'm concerned, I would like my organization, the Church of Satan, to exist as a cabal for the mutual endowment of those already occupied with the interests and activities other than organizational. I have often stated that I like to think of the Church of Satan as an organization for non-joiners. Affiliation need not negate independence. Affiliation should be based on respect, rather than desperation. Respect for a set of principles and for other men and women who share those principles, yet who are not dependent on an organization to give substance to their lives. The obvious question arises: "Why then, would such persons need a Church of Satan?" The answer is, "They don't, unless it can do them some good." Affiliation should enhance one's life, rather than be a substitute for it."

So take a look at the [Church of Satan's news feed](http://news.churchofsatan.com/) or read interviews with our open members and see if they're doing things that interest you or would benefit you. Maybe you're in a band that's looking for other like-minded bands to book a show with. Maybe you're a photographer looking for models, or a model looking for a photographer who shares a similar aesthetic. Maybe you're a writer looking to get published in a magazine, book, or online publication. Maybe you're a DJ or podcast producer and want to get on [Radio Free Satan](http://www.radiofreesatan.com/). Figure out what you want to do with your life and see if joining an organization with like-minded people would help you achieve those goals. Otherwise, don't join. That doesn't disqualify you from being a Satanist.  




 "Fuck this, I'm gonna do what I want and spit in the face of anyone who claims otherwise. I'm gonna live my life and fight for survival despite whether anyone likes it or not."  

That doesn't sound like a weak statement. To LaVey strength was the will to live, to suck the marrow from the bone of life.   

You have to understand the context of which he made this statement, right in the middle of the 60's hippie movement. He rejected all this passivity, this willingness to just "drop out" and become a slave to drugs, pop culture, and unconditional brotherly love. The popular idea that this fleshy life is just a staging ground for a great psychedelic afterlife or karmic reincarnation.   

He's using bombastic language, he's trying to smash people with a sledge hammer to wake them up. In my opinion, his only fault in the early days was that he had too much optimism.   

In any case, depression can be a challenging condition, one that some people aren't able to control even if they willed it. It sounds like you're doing your best to gather your strength to overcome it and barrel through life. If you had sick or ill people in your family that you cared about, then yes you should take care of them if you want. That's your prerogative, your decision to make. What Satanism rejects is the idea that we should care for everyone, love everyone equally, whether they be friend, family, stranger, or foe. You be the judge of people's character, their strength in will for life. 









 LaVey respected animals more so than most humans because they were in tune with their natural instincts, without hypocrisy. "I wouldn't squash a spider, but I could kill a human being. A spider is being the best spider he can be. He's fulfilling his purpose as a spider. He meshes perfectly with nature's overall scheme. Nothing in nature is wasted. and I can't say the same thing about people." (from Answer Me! Issue 2).  

This idea that Satanism means "do whatever you want, you are your own God" is inaccurate. Satanism champions **rational** self-interest. If you actually read all of the Satanic Bible you'll see that LaVey often comes back to balancing indulgence, avoiding compulsions, and respecting children (natural magicians) and animals.   




 http://www.churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php

http://www.churchofsatan.com/faq-fundamental-beliefs.php

Interview with High Priest Peter H. Gilmore:  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkmuV5R_O6g

Short interview with various COS members, What Does Satanism Mean to You?  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzlOtvDFjx0

A more advanced analysis of the Satanic philosophy:   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpI_TvJXc84 




 A more appropriate Satanic motto would be "Cui bono", or "to whose benefit?" 




 That's another application that LaVey thought would be a productive use of AHC's.  




 This stems from the Satanic view that most people are emotionally, physically, and mentally draining. LaVey envisioned a future where androids will be made available and will allow the Satanist to custom tailor the beings that can met their high standards in terms of personality, aesthetic, and stimulation, all within the privacy of their own homes (preferably Total Environments). The idea came about after LaVey customized his own amateur effigies in the 60's and set them up in his Den of Iniquity. LaVey's creations were not "beautiful people", but they were flawed people who experienced the full breadth of life. 

I suggest watching the documentary "Speak of the Devil", in which LaVey speaks about his Artificial Human Companions and you get a good look at a few of them.
https://educatedratbag.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/lavey1.png

Today the Church of Satan has members who are active in the fields of robotics, animatronics, artificial intelligence, video game development, and custom dolls.  









 Fine by me. 




 Good luck and thank you for your honesty. 









 Send me a private message. I'm a Reverend in the Church of Satan and defend the idea that LaVey's philsophy is a modern religion. 





























 ASP Apparel has a variety of color options for shirts, polos, button downs, ties, etc. http://aspapparel.com/ 
























 I personally consider myself to be a libertarian/anarco-capitalist, with some technocratic leanings in practice. 




 As it's been said already, no the Church of Satan is not a political organization. High Priest Peter Gilmore recently did an interview with a writer for the Daily Dot on this specific topic: http://gregstevens.name/2014/08/11/church-satan-paradox-individualist-religion/

"Political issues are thus the province of each member, and weve noticed that choices beyond embracing the fundamental tenets of Satanism can be widely divergent amongst them. Thus, by design, the Church of Satan may not claim to speak or act for all of its members on political topics. It is not a collective, but instead a cabal of many with diverse pursuits, and so to understand it one must observe the doings of its members. That is difficult since many are not open about their affiliation so, like an iceberg, only a small percentage is publicly visible, as was mandated by our founder.

We have numerous members who are activists in various spheres that they find to be of personal interest and benefit. Satanism empowers Satanists to be the center of their own subjective universe, their own gods so to speak, so it is their personal values and desires motivating their activism or any other pursuits, not Satanism itself.

It is important to note that Satanism is not a cause, rather it is a set of principles that serve as a tool for each Satanist to get the most out of life. So activism in the name of Satanism is meaningless, since there is nothing that can stop one from employing the principles of Satanism as a personal tool for survival and prosperity. The fundamental concepts of Satanism support the individual Satanists desire to be politically active towards goals that enhance his or her values." 




 Satanism is about rational self-interest. Is "Fuck you, I got mine" a valid Satanic principle? Not necessarily. That kind of attitude isn't going to get you very far in most situations, and ostracize you in most in counter productive way. One can be self-interested and still care about other people, and be empathetic. Satanic morality is most in line with the Epicurian moral logic: http://wiki.epicurus.info/Morality

 




 "Priest" or "Reverend" is a title of honor given to individuals by the High Priest of the Church of Satan. It means that you have demonstrated a mastery of the Satanic philosophy, applied it successfully in the real world, and are granted authority to represent the religion and organization to the media.  

That said, you are not required to do anything, you just have the authority to be a spokesperson if you so wish. Priests and Reverends can be artists, musicians, writers, performers, entrepreneurs, engineers, lawyers, doctors, etc. Just continue doing what you were doing that got you the recognition, nothing more. You cannot apply or request to be a Priest/Reverend, it's purely based on merit.  

Shaving your head is not related to Satanism directly. Anton LaVey shaved his head for a ritual celebration, but that was his own decision and his own aesthetic choice. Most Satanists I know do not have shaved heads. [I know I don't](https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t1.0-9/10330465_791424017535831_8275165441846870201_n.jpg).


More information the titles and hierarchy of the Church of Satan here:
http://www.churchofsatan.com/hierarchy.php 




 Yes it's from the Satanic Witch. What I meant to say that the implication that drugs are fine if not being used for magic is incorrect in the context of the rest of the essay. He's essentially saying, if you want to be serious about witchcraft, don't do drugs. If you want to play make-believe, have at it, but you're not fooling anyone worthwhile. 




 Wrong. You are referring to the essay "The Drug Scene":

"Combine the effects of drugs with the search for a religion to supplant one which has never held much meaning, and you will arrive at a need to believe, which is strengthened by readily obtainable miracles which can ultimately fulfill that need.  
 
Hence, an unswerving faith in magic can be readily manufactured even as it was accomplished by the same means by the shamans of primitive societies but not a proficiency in the practice of magic.  

If you are to be a successful witch, faith helps, but it takes a good deal more. If, however, you do not plan on practicing witchcraft but only believing in it, use all the drugs you like."

He's saying that drug use hinders *doing* witchcraft, since you need to be in complete control of your focuses and senses to be a successful witch. But some people don't care to practice actual witchcraft, only want to *believe* they are, so they use drugs. He's also not referring to Satanist in particular, but occultists in general. He's dismissing these people here, not endorsing.

"Let me state categorically at this point that drugs are antithetical to the practice of magic, as they tend to disassociate the user from reality, even though he oftentimes thinks himself closer. It is true that many drugs expand the consciousness, but, in so doing, they make it much more difficult for a person to become selective in thoughts and motivations. In magic, it is imperative that one be able to narrow down his various awareness to one compelling desire towards which a ritual is performed. When the use of drugs has allowed the mind to run rampant over such "narrow-minded" traits, something very meaningful is lost." 




 That's exactly LaVey's problem with drug culture. From Secret Life of a Satanist: "And then came the final flowering of the Drone: Hippies  the final de-evolution of man, to LaVeys mind  completely
androgynous, convinced they were rebels against society (all 50,000,000 of them), and so zonked out on drugs they could no
longer think for themselves or question anything that was fed to them (while they were all convinced of their individuality
and uniqueness). What better way to make people vulnerable to attack than to pump mind-blowing drugs into them? People
in the 30s and 40s generally werent as gullible. They werent very sophisticated  they hadnt been exposed to a lot of
things. Now everyones sophisticated and smart  but much more gullible and naive than they were 40 years ago." 




 No, it was not a ploy to receive more credibility. LaVey was 100% against illegal drug use, especially of psychedelics. In certain interviews he pushed it further, even IF certain drugs were made legal, he would still oppose its use.  




 First of all, the Church of Satan decides who they let into their organization, not you and your guesstimates on what you think we'd consider.   

Secondly, I've seen first hand the kind of applicants the Church of Satan receives. Do we care if you're battling depression or trauma? Not necessarily. Was Robin Williams a Satanist? No. Does that mean a Satanist, or LaVey himself, can't appreciate his contributions? Absolutely not.   

Lastly, go away. 




 Haha! Even [ISIS fighters are chiming in!](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2722878/Bizarre-Twitter-outburst-ISIS-fighters-reveal-love-late-Robin-Williams-blockbuster-hit-Jumanji.html) 














 From the Church of Satan FAQ: http://churchofsatan.com/faq-symbols-and-symbolism.php

"For we Satanists, numbers are just numbers. We are amused by Christians who are superstitiously afraid of this number. And since we enjoy mocking irrationality in all its forms, we might use it to tease Christians, to show them how foolish it is to fear it.

Historically, 666 is the name of Emperor Nero reduced to its numerological value through Hebrew Gematria. In the New Testament it is referred to as the number of the beast. Satanists think this is quaint, but of no real value except for a record of the lengths people will go to force significance where none exists, objectively speaking.

So 666 is not part of Satanism per se, but since the public consciousness of it these days is as a Christian symbol of the Antichrist, we are happy to have addresses or phone numbers which include it as it stirs Christians to reactions which entertain us." 









 Hedonism tends to be compulsive, a constant search for maximum pleasure. Satanism leans towards Epicureanism, which focuses on a lack of pain/discomfort (see LaVey's comments on Catism). If you want a deeper analysis of this, I highly recommend picking up [The Devil and Philosophy: The Nature of His Game](http://www.amazon.com/Devil-Philosophy-Nature-Popular-Culture/dp/0812698541/churchofsatan), High Priest Peter Gilmore discusses this exact question with two philosophy academics.

Atheism means you don't believe in deities. That's all it means. It says nothing about anything else. Do you believe you need deities in order to have ceremonies or rituals? Which deity do wrestlers recognize when they blast their themes and [march down to the stage](http://i.imgur.com/biDFHU0.gif)? Or at graduation ceremonies or secular funerals? Not trying to be snarky, but these questions can help illustrate the importance of symbolism, drama, metaphors, and theatrics without the need for believing in supernatural deities.  
A mistake that many people make is that they look at a Satanic ritual or ceremony and quote lines where we refer to Satan or demons and proclaim "See! You Satanists DO believe in the devil!" What they failed to read is the big disclaim in both the Satanic Bible and the Satanic Rituals that clearly states that all rituals and ceremonies take place inside a moment in time where you willingly play ignorant. The purpose of this is to use any and all symbols, names, callings, etc. that will stimulate you and help you achieve the state of mind you're aiming for.  

For more on rituals and ceremonies, [see the Church of Satan's FAQ on the topic](http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php). 




 I recommend ASP Apparel http://aspapparel.com/ 



















 There's a lot that LaVey was interested in and influenced by but never spelled out explicitly. I'm personally interested in Otto's writing, and I know others are as well. 




 Glad you're enjoying it! It's a great discussion with real world practicality. 
























 Head over to the comments and let them know!  





























 [Definitely popped up on our radar.](https://www.facebook.com/ChurchOfSatanOfficial/posts/748562828520394) 




 Thank you for the opportunity to put on here. I understand it won't be to everyone's taste, may even be considered degenerate in aesthetic. In a way, that's part of what I wish to convey. The Cathedral should not be something to be admired. 




 Edited for clarity and etiquette.

Firstly, I apologize if I didn't make it clear in the post, but I do believe this submission is related to this sub. I myself have studied DE/NRx material for quite sometime, one could say before Mr. Land coined the term in his manifesto. I've worked with several publishers and writers who've released and collaborated with a number of the authors referred to in this sub. I am the person behind ANARCH, and throughout my work as this project I've incorporated many themes and symbols from NRx writing. This track in particular is my most direct reference, to the point of reading lines right out Nick Land's manifesto. More information can be found here: http://heathenharvest.org/2014/06/23/meet-the-artists-behind-heathen-harvests-midsummer-compilation/ 


































 /u/SirKendrick nails it. 

I recommend listening to this interview with High Priestess Peggy Nadramia where she discusses her experiences with Greater Magic/Rituals, how she integrates it into her everyday life, and why a Satanist would want to try it out.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-d0Z1l2ogk   

Also from the Church of Satan FAQ:  
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php   

DO I HAVE TO BE A PART OF RITUALS IF I JOIN THE CHURCH OF SATAN?

No. Ritual is meant as a tool and its use is not required amongst our members.

WHAT IS A SATANIC RITUAL?

Greater Magic, which is our name for our ritual practice, is basically meant as self-transformational psychodrama. That is it serves as a means to purge oneself of unwanted emotional baggage that might be hindering a daily pursuit of joy in life. We do not require that anyone accept that it is more than this. The pageantry of ritual is a drama meant for emotional stimulation, not a belief in or worship of any power higher than the projected will of the magician. That is why we call it an intellectual decompression chamber.

The three basic types of Satanic Ritual are outlined in detail in The Satanic Bible, which is essential reading for those wanting to grasp our perspective on this practice. They are for Compassion (for oneself and others), Lust (to release unrequited sexual urges) and Destruction (to cleanse oneself of anger towards someone who has done you an injustice). These serve as models for whatever other purposes one might feel the need to explore via ritual. In The Satanic Rituals Anton LaVey presents other rituals essentially meant for larger group performance based on historical and cultural diabolist imagery.

However, some Satanists also consider the possibility that, through the raising of emotions focused towards a specific achievable goal in ritual, ideas/concepts/images might be transmitted to the minds of other people at a distance, thus perhaps influencing them to make future decisions favorable to the outcome of the situation desired by the magician (transmitter). It then seems to us plausible that there would be a means that is part of nature through which this works. It is not attained through the intervention of supernatural beings, as we do not believe such things exist. The desired goal, what we call an Is-To-Be, would vary based on peoples' ability to transmit as well as receive such images as well as the likelihood of the situation towards which the magician is working.

Rupert Sheldrake, a biologist, has spent many years exploring the extended mind and has solid statistical evidence that there indeed does exist a mechanism in nature that could be used for such ends. His many books are fascinating and worth investigating.

We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness.

There is no judgment placed on members of the Church of Satan regarding their personal understanding of how ritual functions. One is not more or less of a Satanist based upon his or her evaluation of Greater Magic. See the essay, On the Role of Ritual in the Life of a Satanist by our High Priestess, Magistra Peggy Nadramia, for more information.
 




 http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/symbolism  

http://churchofsatan.com/history-sigil-of-baphomet.php

 




 Firstly, no.  

Secondly, use your brain. Do you believe everything that anyone spouts off on the internet for page-views and click-throughs?  





























 Here's an article by Church of Satan Magister Nemo on the relationship between atheism and Satanism: http://www.churchofsatan.com/simplifying-satanic-atheism.php 




 Atheism means you don't believe in deities. That's all. There's a long list of philosophies and religions that are atheistic: Types of Buddhism, Taoism,    Confucianism, Nihilism, Jainism, Humanism and many more. 









 Was it just a hallucination? Sure, but it fits within the framework of real occultism. Pizzolatto says the show has elements of mysticism than the supernatural, which I applaud. There's a slight difference. Within occult mysticism there's the idea that the "other forces" that an occultist communicates with is beyond human comprehension. To interact with it leads to insanity, and omens come as hallucinations. I believe that there's a Jungian, psychological aspect to this, not supernatural, but supernormal. Rust studied nihilism, comparative religion, and researched occultism.  He subconsciously absorbed the symbols, and perfectly played out a blood ritual to the Yellow King (he was the "little priest").  
























 Note: I'm the COS official referred to in the article. The writer did an excellent job blending parts of my commentary on the band's stage rituals (which was a much lengthier discussion) and Danielsson's beliefs. As much as I disagree with WATAIN's theistic beliefs, I do respect their art and listen to them and several other Black Metal bands. 









 http://churchofsatan.com/theory-practice.php 




 My vote is for Kali. Congrats! 




 The interview comes from the 1969 documentary [Satanis: The Devil's Mass](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B000093NSP/churchofsatan). It's an interesting and enlightening document of the early Magic Circle/Church of Satan, showing a very young LaVey and his associates at the time. LaVey and the COS evolved in many ways through the 70's and into the 80's, transitioning into a more stratified organization, as documented in Blanche Barton's book "The Church of Satan" and in the later documentary "Speak of the Devil".  




 I'm often asked why, if we're a life-affirming philosophy, do we use skulls and other various symbols associated with death. To us, those are reminders of our own mortality, the great abstinence that awaits us. And through this we're energized and revitalized to live this one life to the fullest. 




 Great find, and yes this captures the essence of our life-affirming philosophy! 




 Skepticism is healthy and welcome:  

"We emphasize that the philosophy of the Church of Satan does not require that our members believe that ritual is more than an emotional experience, nor is there a mandate even to ritualize at all. We simply offer it as a tool for experimentation. Some folks have found results that they feel are beyond coincidence or statistical parameters. Others simply enjoy the release of emotions otherwise hindering their pursuit of personal happiness."  
http://churchofsatan.com/faq-ritual-and-ceremony.php 




 They also discount Funcom Points from time to time.  




 As has been said many times before, ones politics are up to each individual member, and most of our members are political pragmatists. They support political candidates and movements whose goals reflect their own practical needs and desires. Our members span an amazing political spectrum, which includes but is not limited to: Libertarians, Liberals, Conservatives, Republicans, Democrats, Reform Party members, Independents, Capitalists, Socialists, Communists, Stalinists, Leninists, Trotskyites, Maoists, Zionists, Monarchists, Fascists, Anarchists, and just about anything else you could possibly imagine. It is up to each member to apply Satanism and determine what political means will reach his/her ends, and they are each solely responsible for this decision. Freedom and responsibilitymust be a novel concept for those who arent Satanists. We take it in stride. Members who demand conformity from other members to their particular political fetish are welcomed to depart.   

High Priest Peter H. Gilmore,    
from his essay [A Map for the Misdirected](http://www.churchofsatan.com/map-for-the-misdirected.php) 




 LaVey unabashedly respected and was influenced by Ayn Rand, so given that it shouldn't be too much of a surprise to see many Libertarians within the COS. Keep in mind that Rand's Objectivism has some clear conflicts with Satanism, see [Magister Nemo's article detailing the common grounds and differences](http://www.churchofsatan.com/satanism-and-objectivism.php).  I personally lean Libertarian on most issues, technocratic on others. Depends on how idealistic I'm feeling that day. But the Church of Satan is certainly not all Libertarians, and I've met members throughout the organization that spread all across the political spectrum, and many who mix and match ideas to fit the needs of their own subjective clans or themselves. The COS itself does not hold a general political stance. See the [COS Political Policy](http://www.churchofsatan.com/policy-on-politics.php).

If you're interested in a Libertarian Satanic perspective, see Church of Satan Magister and iconic artist COOP's interview on Reason TV. He covers his Libertarian upbringing, his opinions on copyrights, his hot rod collection, and some history of his artwork.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sy1aC_ltJBs
 




 That's the one. 














 Then there's Lords of Chaos, but this book mostly focuses on the Norwegian Black Metal scene in the 90's. http://www.amazon.com/Lords-Chaos-Satanic-Underground-Edition/dp/0922915946/ref=pd_sim_b_3?ie=UTF8 refRID=1MBZCMHKN0PFBFHB3870 




