 Damnit, I was so afraid this was going to come after I saw the vid. First off, you didn't ruin shit, by the amount of flaming done by the opposite team, they deserve no less. Plus, it's bronze and you're climbing really fast, these people have basically a 0% chance to ever play with you again so for them, it's one game where they're either on the right or the wrong side.

And to be fair, I'm in gold and would love a game where I get stomped by someone of your level just to see where all my mistakes lie.. Seriously, keep it up, do whatever you feel like doing and fuck us, Reddit will always find a way to disagree! 




 Is it because he streams on azubu.tv now that his channel isn't being shown anymore on lolstreams? 




 I'll give that a try, thanks! However, I'm afraid that even when it dries out, it will still leave behind that sticky mess wich will destroy everything anyway, any tips for that? Btw, seems like it's only on the side with my battery, ventilator and USB ports, HDD, Ram and video card seem safe 




 Hi,

I manged to spill half a glass of red vodka on my laptop the other night and it's basically dead now. It was an Alienware M14x with pretty decent allround stats, bought for 1600-ish. Now, I'm going to send it back to Dell and ask if they can fix it and if now, if they can just replace the broken parts or give me a discount if I buy the same one since there's probably parts in that that work just fine.

In case this doesn't work for whatever reason, I would like some suggestions for a new one, with about the same specs or better but perhaps for a cheaper price because I know Alienwares are expensive.

Stats I had now:
Windows 7 Home Edition
500GB 7,200 RPM SATA + 32GB mSATA Caching SSD 
8GB (2 X 4GB) Dual Channel DDR3 at 1600MHz
and a 6GB Nvidia card (forgot exactly wich one it was)

All suggestions are welcome! Thank you 




 I main adc and can trade while farming pretty well now, however, due to always having a support by my side, my map awareness is not what it should be. I notice this especially when I play the occasional top or mid lane. More practice I guess! 




 How is he a dick? He just put out a fire using a cat!! 




 Seems so surreal when you try to imagine it happening to yourself 




 Agreed 100%, someone should answer to this because it is in no way fair. 




 Don't forget our beer! And some chocolate for dessert :) 




 Why are these top comments getting deleted when they're telling the truth? Already seen multiple of these.. 




 Thank you so much for giving such a detailed answer. I'm going to buy and download it now, will let you know in some time what I think of the game and wether it was worth it! I'm very interested 




 Hi, I'm looking for a (if possible) Steam  racing game. It has to have an open world and preferably a large collection of excisting supercars in wich you can cruise around. I don't really like racing other people or AI itself, just would love to just drive the cars. Bonus points is if's not needed to grind points/cash for hours before you get your first decent car.

I looked for a game like this and found TDU2. Is this the right game for me? Or other suggestions? Thanks alot!

Ps: I know it's weird to want a racing game without having to do alot of racing itself but I remember I just loved to drive in GTA with the faster cars. This is what I'm looking for now, only more realistic and perhaps less killing stuff :) 




 *sigh* gifbin.. You have no idea how long it took to load on mobile 




 Right in the feels indeed 




 For a second there I read r/spacedicks:beautiful pictures from space and tought you were trying to trick OP 




 You can delete your own post.. 




 This is the internet and he is a stranger, why would he lie? 




 [Well played](http://i.imgur.com/IK4LCfg.gif) 




 Saving this for when I'm not on mobile, thanks! 




 Yes. I don't know who made the call to go back in or why bad that was a really big mistake that lost them the game in my eyes 




 I believe we killed it 




 Impressive 'OP fag' gif collection 




 Very nice, good job 




 Damn mobile 




 I actually laughed with this one, gj OP

EDIT:heh'ed 




 Oracles/pinks banned aswell. Or is this too cruel? 




 Or it's a Nano Virus in wich case they start developing a cure the moment it's released. However, then the cure % would probably be higher then 1% at 2M infected 




 Can Ezreal's Q still crit at lvl1 with 1 crit chance mark or has this been patched? 




 I was already wondering wich one would be the chosen thread 




 'Hmm, I can only see Olaf on the map. Oh..' 




 I would be scared aswell, creepy as fuck. Thanks OP [8] 




 Katarina: You learn that OP champs exist 




 Wanted to say this, have an upvote 




 I had to watch that gif at 1 FPS the first time before seeing it normal, took me atleast 5 minutes. Fuck i.minus 




 I've seen everything on /r/Gore, /r/MorbidReality, /r/Shatter etc, nothing makes me even twitch but for some reason that made my stomach turn a little, looks so gross 









 [Krepo talking to Alex after reporting](http://img197.imageshack.us/img197/593/alexich.png) 




 How come EG doesn't play on Day2 according to this scheduele? Or is that a mistake? 'Cause Db is on there twice 




 Don't know what was worse, the actual video or his spelling. Doughter.. 




 Exactly what I tought of the first time I heard it!'Put a beat under this and it could be Macklemore telling a story! It's even his style and everything 




 DAE BROODWAR TERRAN MUSIC? 




 I'm well aware of this. Still, I wanted to do this, regarding of what the outcome might be. 




 Redditor for 3 minutes. Err, got any proof it's you?:) 









 Exactly my tought aswell, especially ar parties, MDMA has given me way better nights then coke probably ever will 




 I'm not from the US and I don't understand 80% of the references to the commercials, anyone else? 




