 No problem :). If I came off negatively I didn't mean to. 




 /r/tipofmytongue/ 




 Last November I went to visit some family in Shanghai. And I got to tell you that when you're walking down these crowded streets in the middle of a freezing downpour with neon lights flashing all around you, you forgot you're in the present: it feels like your in the middle of a Cyberpunk adventure. 




 The only thing that comes to my mind is Knights of the Old Republic. I know it's a comicbook and not a book, but I really enjoyed it and would recommend it. The only problem with it is that near the last couple of issues the story gets jumbled a little. 




 How did your family respond to you voluntering for this experiment? 




 The cover system in Max Payne 3 was much better than the one in GTAIV and since the shooting in V looks like the one Max Payne i'm guessing they're are using the same cover system too :) 




 Yeah I thought it was Franklin at first because of the clothes he had on. But since the bar in the lower right is blue I guess it was Michael in the bike race. 




 If that since the game is split between 3 protagonists, there won't be a large amount of missions for each of them. I know there is a shit load of stuff to do outside of missions, but I would be disappointed if they all have small campaigns that just add up together to match the previous games. Also I hope they bring back checkpoints and mission replays from Ballad of Gay Tony. 




 Probably Franklin, because in the trailers he's mostly seen as being the athletic one with the cycling, parashooting, and dirtbiking. I never really feel in love with CJ or his gangster story, but Franklin and his story to me seems interesting. Also I love driving and its been shown that he's the best one at it. 




 In Kingdom Hearts 1 I agree that they were bad and I think a waste of time, but in Kingdom Hearts 2 I felt that they became pretty fun (especially that "death star" one that lead to twilight town).  




 While I do like the look of the multiplayer, I'm mainly wondering if this means Robin will also be playable in the new challenge rooms, because I loved playing as him in Arkham City and the talk of more skins is really getting me excited. 




 I was bugged that Red Robin was hardly in Issue #19, him being there just seemed weird. 




 Books that have any of the Robins and Batgirls working together, with or without Batman. 




  slightly off topic

O_o 




 try it, I already have 26 hours on it (and two playthroughs for the single player). 




 Riffs leader: You Warriors are good. Real good.

Swan: The best. 




 Fifteen bucks little man, put that shit in my hand 




 Son of a bitch must pay. 




 Just remember what ol' Jack Burton does when the earth quakes, and the poison arrows fall from the sky, and the pillars of Heaven shake. Yeah, Jack Burton just looks that big ol' storm right square in the eye and he says, "Give me your best shot, pal. I can take it."
 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKPvEfBCPSk
Jiffy! 0:00-0:08 




 O_O..... Just kidding. I can actually believe he did something like that. 




 roll again for crit confirmation 




 I've played it and I got to say it's really good. The shooting is fun and it has a nice story. I also thought the first one was ok but I love this one. You should check out some gameplay or the demo. 




 [I know this is a right hand but....](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=2gSf5UMZ8ms#t=131s) 




 My friends and I disagree. 




 Did you give her the old Pork Chop Express? 




 I don't know if this would count but I would like my feet similar to an Ape's. So I could climb faster and just pick up stuff. 

If not a tail, so I could hold stuff. 




 Oh my god, same here. I first watched MST3K when it was on Netflix a year ago and when I saw the Arrested Development cameo I searched to see if this subreddit existed.  




 I saw your earlier post and I couldn't believe it either. They made sure to have a lot of cameos this season :) 




 The movie is The Fantastic Four, the one from the 90's 









 I'm beginning to write a Cyberpunk novel and the thing I'm having trouble with is describing my characters and the world they live in. For characters I'm wondering if I should go into detail (clothes, facial appearance, etc.) or leave most of it up to the reader's imagination. And for the world I'm trying to find a way to describe it without going into long stretches of exposition. I'm just an amateur writer in High School so I only have a small amount of experience with creating anything beside short stories. 




 A whole bunch of pain 




 "Jesus lifts up Muhammad and does a Cross Piledriver!"

"Can I get two hallelujahs and a amen!" 




