 Marxist professor Richard Wolff outlines his own thoughts on [one thing that is replacing capitalism here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOGTv3_Ukjc). As Wolff points out, it's already happening in the US in Silicon Valley organized, in fact, by mostly Republicans.

(Another 10min. video by Wolff about worker cooperatives in other places in the world is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-CuPWrGax4).) 




  In Colorado we have several police brutality cases being covered by national media that our local media refuses to cover.

The first thing I'll mention is that *both* the national and local media are examples of the "corporate mass media" I mentioned above.

But this is really not surprising. It's similar to the way the British corporate mass media is often more honest and insightful about US wars and geo-political skulduggery than our own media.

As they say, local politics are the most important, and that's doubly true for media capitalists. 




 FWIW, though it's widely attributed to him, Mussolini actually did [not say](http://www.publiceye.org/fascist/corporatism.html) that. Like Nazi Germany, Mussolini's Italy functioned with a symbiosis between capitalists and the state, but the fascists clearly put the state/nation ahead as their writings and actions starkly demonstrate. 




  but I'd really like to see some accounts of him saying the same thing WHILE he was a general just a little bit ago,

Telling blunt truths when you're a high-ranking officer on active duty is the way you get forced into retirement (and threatened with losing your retirement).

We only have to think of  US Army Major General Antonio Taguba -- a classic example of a truth-teller being forced into retirement.

 "...[T]he commander in chief and those under him authorized a systematic regime of torture....There is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes." -- US Army Major General Antonio Taguba, commissioned by the Pentagon in 2004 to investigate the "abuses" at Abu Ghraib. 




 Linux is the kernel.

As groups like Debian and the Free Software Foundation correctly point out, the operating system is "GNU/Linux." But since that is a mouthful, people typically shorten the name to "Linux." 




 The reality is that the US has been arming and using radical Muslim fundamentalists as American proxy forces to attack other countries for decades.

We started this under Jimmy Carter and used them to attack the progressive government in Afghanistan in Carter's plot to provoke the USSR into sending troops into Afghanistan and trapping them in a guerrilla war.

We used Muslim fundamentalists as US proxy soldiers in the 1990s in Bosnia and in Chechnya. We also used them to overthrow the progressive Libyan dictatorship and to turn that country into a feuding hellhole.

Thus, Hillary's advocacy of using Muslim fundamentalists to attack the secular Syrian dictatorship is nothing special -- it's just standard US policy.

 "The greatest crime since World War II has been U.S. foreign policy." -- Ramsey Clark, former U.S. Attorney General. 




 This is one of the biggest untapped, easily-accessible forms of renewable energy around. Forget Wales :), this is very applicable to the NE, NW and other parts of the US.

I'm always baffled at people paying large sums of money for solar installations ([conspicuous consumption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conspicuous_consumption)?) that generate power only during daylight, as they ignore the brook that flows through their property and could be generating much more power 24/7. 




 The US government has a stated goal of "regime change" on Iran and Congress has previously (under Bush) funded hundreds of millions of dollars to achieve that goal.

Do you think this agreement alters that policy? 




 Good advice. But that is still no excuse for the cop's overreaction and punishment. 




 "Papers please."

Yet our corporate mass media denies we live in a police state. 
























 Of course it would. But our Supreme ~~Corp.~~ Court would rule them a violation of free speech based on their erroneous capitalist assumption that "speech" equals "money".

Our existing publicly-funded campaign finance matching system worked well for many years. But then the Supreme ~~Corp.~~ Court's plutocratic rulings blew that away and Obama became the first president to abandon the government-funded finance system preferring to avoid the regulations to promote openness in campaigns and to rely on private money. Since that time the cost of elections has skyrocketed -- and rich capitalists *love* *it* that way.

Rich capitalists have taken over the country. The corporate mass media that they own have warped our values and morality to adopt the greed-based mindsets that they want us to have. We see this in many ways.

A Princeton study [recently came out](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/04/14/us-oligarchy-not-democracy-says-scientific-study) which reported that the US is actually an oligarchy and not a democracy. I would label the US as some sort of "plutocratic oligarchy" but that is a trivial difference. The point is the system is massively and systemically broken and mere "reforms" are not going to do anything. We need to rethink our values and make dramatic, systemic and/or revolutionary changes. 




 It's not a disconnect. It's capitalist corruption and our corporate-controlled government. Money rules.

 "All the props of a democracy remain intact - elections, legislatures, media - but they predominantly function at the service of the oligarchy."  Richard Wolff 




 Is this any surprise?

Turn on your TV or the news -- what is the corporate mass media *teaching* us to be scared of? It certainly isn't global warming... 




 Why the downvotes? Isn't this a huge political story? Was anyone else aware of this clever scheme to allow criminal banks to suck at the public trough?

I cannot help but to think this is just a Yellow Dog Democrat response -- it's a story critical of the Obama administration's refusal to prosecute *criminal* banks and to throw banksters in prison, a story which highlights the rampant, out-of-control corruption that permeates *both* of our ruling political parties, so therefore it must be downvoted and ignored.

 "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009. 




 I don't see the analogy.

Those now-dead Marines voluntarily joined our country's war machine in a time of war. They joined a country's military that *unapologetically* tortures people and wages unprovoked wars of aggression. They joined a military whose hands are drenched in the blood of innocents and saturated with war crimes.

Just like I wish the US military was not slaughtering people around the world, I wish those Marines were not killed. But I can hardly fault some person who objects to the crimes of our government and who is brave enough to try to provoke the apathetic American people to pay attention to our government's crimes and to counter-attack against our attacking military. Whether we want to admit it or not, the US military are legitimate targets of people wanting to fight back against the US government's immoral wars.

Let's hope we stop waging our immoral wars and that our victims accept our profound and sincere apologies and repartition payments.

 "There is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes." -- US Army Major General Antonio Taguba, commissioned by the Pentagon in 2004 to investigate the "abuses" at Abu Ghraib. 




  How do you compensate for wrongful death?

Oh, let me call our largest recipient of "Operation Bomb All the Things" -- Vietnam.

Hold on while I make the call...

Okay, Vietnam said paying war repartitions is the way. The US agreed in a peace treaty to pay Vietnam a huge sum of money for the millions of dead people and destruction we wrought on their country.

Of course, Vietnam added that the "honorable US government" then reneged on the treaty promise and never paid them a dime. 




 When some random person made the same points based on common sense and simple morality, no one listens.

When some retired general says it based on a nationalistic geo-political calculation, it's big news!

But we don't have a screwed up sense of moral values and way of thinking about our country and the world, do we?! 




 This isn't going to make our rightist wing-nuts happier about the Iran agreement. And it no doubt must make Obama and his war mongers trying to paint Russia as the new Axis of Evil all pissed off. 




 How sad; more needless killing.

But if it's any consolation, we're still ahead by something like a million dead Muslims compared to the number of dead Americans. 




 Why the surprise? When we wage non-stop wars against many different Muslim nations, shouldn't this type of thing be *expected?*

**Edit:** Hmm, downvotes. So I guess we assume that we can wage war on multiple countries and the victims will just roll over and take it and no one will rise up to try to counter-attack? That sort of attitude makes me wonder how people think. 




 And if we keep voting for Republicans or Democrats at the national level, that's what we'll wind up with -- more war and wasted money.

It's long past time we started building a party to represent common Americans. 




 Because the US has such a *great* record of fighting and winning wars! 




 Isn't it funny how foreign media like the BBC, the Guardian, RT, etc. often have more pointed and at the same time more accurate commentary/analysis/reporting about the US compared to our own sycophantic corporate mass media? 




 That *might* be a way to loosen the rigged non-debate debates that are cooked up and agreed to between the 2 parties during the actual presidential election. But I doubt it... 




  Moreover, former UNSCOM inspector Scott Ritter contends that the U.S. attempted to manipulate UNSCOM so that it could be used as a tool in an attempted coup against Saddam Hussein organized by the U.S. in 1996.

This is the key. Ritter, a US Marine officer, also says the US and Israel were using UN weapons inspections to blatantly spy on the Iraqi military in clear violation of the UN rules. *That* is why Iraq's Saddam Hussein started his foot dragging and resisting the inspections.

But our mass media propaganda system is *very* strong -- the US government lied through its teeth and spun Iraq's foot dragging as evidence that Iraq was hiding WMD and we later used those lies (and new additional lies) to attack, invade and occupy Iraq.

With that treacherous history of our criminal government, is it any surprise that Iran refuses no-notice inspections and is leery of inspections in general? 









 He could not say anything else about that insane program, but that's "nice" of Clinton to admit.

Now, how about admitting his signing of the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act was a massive blunder that set the stage for both the inflation and bursting of the housing bubble and the resulting banking scandals of the Bush administration?

Will Bill admit that or will that piss off too many of his and Hillary's corporate bankster friends? 




  If he ran as an independent then Clinton would definitely get the nod, and a three way race between D/R/I is almost certainly going to go to the republicans. So what exactly is gained from that?

We are so indoctrinated to think of politics in the binary that it shows up many ways. Not to be a personal attack or anything, but just the D/R/I shows that binary thinking.

The problem is that the parties need to stand for something -- an ideology. Sanders should not be an Independent, he should be a Socialist or a Progressive or something that has some clear mindset of what you're voting for.

The advantage of Sanders running as a third party would be to start building a real third party. If that cause Hillary to lose an election, so be it -- good.

We saw what Ross Perot's role was in the 1992 election. Perot split the vote of the right and put Clinton into the White House. Perot started to work to build the "Reform Party". The Reform Party flopped like a dying fish primarily because it had no ideology and no actual party platform positions other than wanting to balance the budget. It was not distinguishable from the Republicans or Democrats in any meaningful way. *Any* generic party that labels itself as merely "Independent" will suffer a similar fate.

The Reform Party also suffered from Perot's billionaire status. It floundered when it came to the hard drudgery work of building up a party from the grassroots. (An actual left party today could seek to use the remnants of the labor movement and other social movements for an impetus.)

What is crystal clear is where the current rule by our 2 plutocratic political parties will take us. We're fast on the road to becoming some sort of smiling fascist surveillance/police state. We've seen what voting for hope and change we can believe in has gotten us -- it's time we accepted the sad state we're in and do something different. 




  So I guess Sanders is supposed to run as an independent, and then split the democrat vote in the general election?

If Sanders did that, I'd vote for him. If by some miracle the corporate backers of the Democratic Party makes him their nominee, there's no way I'd vote for him.

You phrase splitting the vote as if it's some sort of cardinal sin. The bottom line is that the 2 ruling parties of the US only should get our vote if they *deserve* it -- they're not *entitled* to it.

This is what makes Sanders' home state of Vermont so great -- the left in Vermont refuses to mindlessly back the Democrats.

By Vermonters forming the Progressive Coalition, which runs many candidates for most statewide offices every election, the PC forces the Democrats to defend their left. If the Democrats try to be the center-right party that we see they are at the national level, the Democrats *lose* races -- as they should.

The Progressive Coalition functions to move the entire political spectrum to the *left* (similar to the way the Republicans' Tea Party caucus functions to move the Republican Party to the right). This is because with 2 distinct parties to the left of the Republicans the center shifts and the Republicans feel pressure to moderate their stance.

This is not rocket science.

By a progressive or someone on the political left mindlessly being a Yellow Dog Democrat you wind up becoming just like the way the Democrats treat labor -- you're ignored and taken for granted because the Democrats know you'll never vote for a Republican. The key is the organized third party to shift the spectrum.

With only 2 parties the 2 parties fight over and move to the center, with one or the other occasionally trying to move to the others' position to "steal" votes from their rival. Isn't that what we see today?

This is why it is a complete waste of time for Sanders to run as a Democrat. Not only will he never win the nomination, but he is refusing to build a third party and is ignoring the lessons of his own home state.

 "I'd rather vote for something I want and not get it, than vote for something I don't want and get it." -- Eugene Debs, the socialist presidential candidate who received more than 3% of the vote for president while sitting in a jail cell for opposing WWI.

Edit: Typos, clarity. 




  Iranians don't get to decided whether an Islamic republic is a true republic.

You're right, the Iranians don't get to decide, the ancient Greeks who invented the terms "republic" and "democracy" and much of the west's political thinking are the ones who decided. And Iran today is a republic, just like the US and North Korea are republics, though of different strains. 




 Yes, the last time I saw lukewarm beer there was quite some time ago. More recent trips just changing over between Heathrow and Gatwick had normal cold beer.

 I know most Americans are used to bottled piss like Bud Light,

Sadly, I probably can't argue with the characterization of "most". :(

 but surely a pint on tap in an English pub has always been pretty decent.

Certainly far more decent than Budweiser or Coors or any of the other light pilsners that are standard American beers. 




 Exactly. A state then or not, [Oklahoma has a distinctly brutal and bloody history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulsa_race_riot) of racism. 









