 How do I update it on kindle? I've looked for it and restarted, nothing. 




 3D Doritos, oh man, so good 




 I missed it! Anyone got a link? 




 Tell us how you really feel! Haha!
Seriously, I dislike Christy more, but I lost so much respect for Holly this past episode. I couldn't believe her tooth and nail defense of that board! Nia is, in my opinion, the least skilled of the Original team. Her inability to take corrections shows with her performances, she scores low. Holly needs to recognize this, and she doesn't.  




 Not sure if real, but the music is very Beatles-esque.  




 I...I think this may be the photo
http://bycommonconsent.files.wordpress.com/2009/07/ensignphoto.jpg?w=450 h=401

Edit: Possibly NSFW 




 Crazy Amy? 




 I actually thought about that aspect, too. Why serve a mission and screw it up for so many people? Of course, I did my best to sweep it under the rug. 




 "He described his mission to Africa with his wife like this: "We felt like two marshmallows in a cup of hot chocolate."

I laughed so hard!! Hasn't happened in a long time. Thank you!!

 




 Betty and Barney Hill Case, Barney was African American. FYI  




 I've seen a few videos of strange things happening out there. Not sure what it is but it was down by a facility. Really strange stuff... 




 It is a flower petal. 




 Balls of light are being reported more and more lately. Try checking out NUFORC.  You can organize sightings by size, shape, color, etc., it is a great site. Btw, they are also called orbs. =) happy reading 




 I find it interesting he won the election given this admission. In America he wouldn't have gotten off the ground in politics being heckled by public and media. What is the mood of aliens and abductions among the populace? Is there a general feeling of acceptance to the phenomena? How does their media report on it? 

Great chess players tend to be quite intelligent. If this is true and he isn't being facetious, I wonder what the aliens might use him for.  Do they run the typical abduction routine?  Or, might they give him knowledge?  




 Alternative name: Longpork 




 Or a nice game of Plague. 




 Can confirm, raised Mormon. I heard that phrase so many times. 




 It makes sense we'd smell that way. Cannibal tribes would call humans 'long pork'. It's what we taste like. 




 While I enjoyed many of my classes, I did find some of them to be full of 'woo'. My instructor was into energy ball making, discussing why AIDS isn't a real disease(she had the whole class convinced), and she was into using unproven techniques on the class and testing on it like it was a real practice. This bothered me, but what also shocked me was the gullibility of those in the class. They ate up that shit. Claiming they could see their energy balls or discussing how AIDS just couldn't be real. It was disturbing. I can see how some people might change in ways that might not seem normal after such a class. It's indoctrination in a sense. I guess when you pay a lot of money for something the bullshit seems better because you don't want to believe you've been duped. Common sense and critical thinking shouldn't go out the window just because your professor says something. 




 Me too! 




 What helmet can repair the Elite Riot Armor Helmet? 




 Losing ones reality kind of breaks you. =( 




 It reminded me of this:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU9lv_WqK6k 




 Anytime! 




 You can find out about them here: http://www.wickedlasers.com/arctic

I'd purchase them on Amazon, as they are much cheaper over there. Enjoy! 




 He is lighting the bowl with a laser. :D Makes for a very clean hit! 









 Please!!!!! 




 There are! I found some on Internet radio stations.  You might start with Tune-In, there is a free Android app, which has a easy navigation system and you simply search for genre based music.  Key words to try out: Big Band, War Era Music, 30's   40's, or Rat Pack.  You can also search for band(The Ink Spots), or artists(Ella Fitzgerald).  I hope this helps   happy listening!! 




 I'm in central NC and I'm definitely concerned about tomorrow... 




 Was just thinking of that myself. Also, how quickly does it change/growth per day? Oh, so many questions! 




 Yeah, creeperville was mad unhelpful. I wonder if they are mentally ill, too. 




 Mine too...Oh man! 




 I...thought...everyone...could...do...this... 




 That bear could lean on my door and break in. Fucking terrifying.  




 Hmm... didn't know this was illegal, kinda thought it was but just...hmmm

This happened with me in a company I worked for, it was actually quite a high paying job, and I was the one doing payroll. One week the owner blatantly said "The hours are too high for all employees, fix them"

The result wasn't pretty (hours wise) but...no one actually quit their job and all the murmuring was done quietly. It didn't feel good to do it as I knew for a FACT these guys worked their asses off, but that is what happens when you work in a company where EVERYONE is paid under the table. You just buck up and continue working. Shit happens. 




 King of the Hill and The Simpsons (every season of each). I would never leave my house again. 




 OMG I am SO Happy with everything I received in my package! I am already having fun watching Sherri and Terri talk in their "secret language" and can't wait to see what comes next! Thank you Therealkinghomer! You've made my experience with Tapped Out even MORE enjoyable than ever :) Also, Happy Whacking Day!!! 




 I saw a documentary a long time ago about her and the catacombs. Apparently the man who embalmed her wouldn't give up his secret how he performed it. Her body is amazingly preserved. She DOES look as tho she is only sleeping. 




 I saw that first and thought that was it, turns out it was just Hepatitis.  




 got a link? that IS more interesting. coughfrackingcough 




 Thank you! I can't wait to find out how it all goes! I hope they let her finish. 




 They could. Sounds like a stargate sort of idea. Who knows what they could have tagging along for their ride!   




 ...tick, tick, tick... =) 




 Always wondered if they had something to do with other types of reported phenomena... 




 I'd actually like to hear your story. Pm me if you like. I saw something(s) that defy logic. And I've always known they exist and are very much aware of us and that they actively visit earth. =)  




 I don't know what got me into ufo's exactly. For me the best way to put it is I've always just had a internal personal knowledge that the Universe is teeming with life. I've always struggled to understand how it is that others simply do not feel the same way. I remember just learning to read and checking out all the ufo themed books in my school and library. I started listening to C2C with Art Bell while in 6th or 7th grade. Just anything I could get my hands on about the subject I actively seeked out. 

I have had sightings both personal and with others. I am not afraid of it and I don't see any reason to be. They exist. It isn't a belief, it's just something I've always known. I do not believe I have ever been abducted, so I couldn't make a comment about that.

As for what I feel about ufo's now? I feel that the whole phenomena is seriously being misrepresented and mishandled. The cheap shows about ufos on tv as of late is laughable. Who in their right mind  eats this stuff up? I can't stand a new show that claims to be all new present rehashed stories. It is a slap in the face to those paying attention.  I am sick of faked videos of ufos making it onto the screen as if they are real. Ugh. I'm not going to even get into ancient aliens. Not worth my typing. But I will say I had always hoped for the populace to get their heads out of their assets and recognize the vastness of everything that is around them. The space in which you and I live is great and we can't see it all. But! If we are here, then it only stands to reason that something else may be waaayyyy over there. And that something else could be anything, even a planet. And, if that planet is lucky enough to have had the right chain of events to spark life, as we were so lucky to have on earth, then maybe, just maybe, there's someone over there, too. 

Ahhh ufology, you have so much restructuring and building to do before I can take you seriously again. Til then, the truth actually IS out there.  




 I don't have a question...just wanted to formally tell you that I've always thought of you as sexy. That is all. 




 Maybe one day they will come close enough so you can actually see them. The orbs are definitely different from ball lightning(as so many have suggested they are).  




 It's some kind of liquified light washing around in kind of a washing machine-like motion. The most intense part of it is in its center. 




 Curious, isn't it? 




 Bics are just great lighters. They're not too expensive, costing only a bit more than other lighters of lesser caliber. They are in American lore, reliable, just a really nice lighter. Maybe you should buy a small pack off the internet? Or maybe someone stateside could send you one.

Best of luck. Enjoy your smoke :) 




 Indeed. Noticed it in some red ones, and blue ones... 




 I know this will be very unpopular, but...

Time Warner Cable is my provider and my boyfriend had been paying the bill with his phone monthly. For some reason, they stopped processing the payments thru his phone to a non-existing account. We kept a record of the confirmation numbers given at the end of those payments. We didn't know they weren't going thru because when he'd call they would say we owed the same amount as the month before. It wasn't until I received a phone call stating I owed well over $350 to TWC that we realized something was wrong. I spoke to 3 different departments before they got me to the right one, but when they did they took down all the information, including the Verification Codes we had. Today I received my bill and owe only $35! They reinstated not only all the money but they took off a portion of this month's bill. I'm not saying "I 3 TWC!", no. But I do appreciate they did look into the issue and found the missing money and really helped me and my boyfriend in the pocketbook. 

I have no comment on AT T. 









 Sort of. I heard about these booms that are heard off of Myrtle Beach, and they are said to happen when these balls of light appear over the ocean.

I looked but I can't seem to find the video :/
Did find this tho. http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/ndxlSC.html 




 Kinda does. Ugly little fucker. 




 Me too :) 









 I would post it over there but someone beat me to the punch. It's alright, I'm not gonna hate, the dialogue needs to begin with insightful pieces on Mormon History. :) 




 I actually never got the Caravan Deck in my most recent Fallout NV game. I wonder what went wrong? 




 I enjoyed the calm way in which they explained the differences between Joseph Smith's translation vs. what it really says. They were in no way ugly, instead they just brought in fact after fact. It's pretty intense. I was considering posting it over on r/mormon to see what they think.

I want to see if they can watch it and stay rational enough to have a good back and forth dialogue about it. 









 It would absolutely add credence to such an extraordinary claim. 




 I think it might be legit.
Also, I'd like more experiments to be performed. They really seemed to be onto something here.
The sealed film part was very intriguing to me, too. Insanely hard to fake, they'd have to have someone at Kodak in on it. Yeah, I think, given what we know right now, I think it's real. 




 http://phenomenallife.blogspot.com/2012/08/the-scole-experiments-fact-or-faked.html 














 Way back when he was only on AM, I'd hear this music come in thru the static and I knew instantly who was on. Ahh, nostalgia :) 




 Meh, his sexual preference has nothing to do with the quality of his programming. 




 I know!! I'm so freaking excited :D 




 Yes, Art, yes we do. We've been waiting patiently, catching you on Ham and ssb, hoping for a return. I have been a C2C listener since the mid 90's and definitely miss Art's distinctive voice. So, welcome back. I can't wait to see what topics and guests you bring in. 




 It definitely is a fantastic show! I'm also very excited for Art Bell's new Sirius show! It's an exciting time for the listener!!  




 I stopped believing. But stuff continues to happen. Weird, scary, and strange. I wish I had had your luck. Oh well,... 




 Right. But simply stating that they saw a light in the sky is not lying. For instance, two weekends ago my boyfriend spotted a red light race across the skyline, north to south, over the ocean at Myrtle Beach. I also saw it as did his sister and a mutual friend. When people ask us what we think it was, we say we don't know. I think using the term UFO is alright, however we do not mean to say Extraterrestrial, we simply mean its literal term. Lots of sightings have been reported recently over that area, if I were to speculate I'd say military. But I don't really know. I wish more people would be honest and say they don't know instead of making up a fantastical story. In any case, that light, man, it sped across the sky so fast. Incredible. 




 Guess that goes to show people who report unknowns may have seen something, they just dunno what it is. I wish people would keep that in mind before they scoff and say that people are delusional or lying. 




 I never said we were at big bro status yet, just that it seems we are on the way. I hope we do not allow that to occur.  




 I know my idea is not very feasible, but I just can't fathom THAT MANY people misidentified flares. Maybe the real footage was suppressed or maybe THAT MANY people really don't know flares from a giant V shaped low flying object. To be totally honest something about that whole event never sat well with me. 




 No 




 Baby tigers are soooooo cute and non threatening, they can't really hurt you, not enough power. But as you feed, nurture, and allow them to grow up into adults they are very threatening indeed. Watch out for those claws! 




 The 1940s Battle of L.A. used powerful searchlights on it, they also shot at it. Look it up! There are pictures! And newspaper reports! Definitely worth checking out. 




 This. I bet there is footage but I bet it got confiscated. 




 We will get there, baby steps. 




 Thank you for that. It's going to be tough, but I'm working on it. :) It is good to know I'm not the only one going thru this. 




 I can do that, but the initial way I feel (even if I know the situation is not bad), I still have that pang. It is very hard to not feel that emotion of "oh this is bad" even tho I know it is no big deal. Like the first time I wore a tank top, I felt bad even tho mentally it is not. 




 Thank you. I do think it will take a long time, some days are definitely harder than others with this. 




 I have been out of the church for a long time, but, sometimes I still fall back into my old way of thinking. I get offended by things I have been taught to be offended by. I am so frustrated as I am acutely aware I shouldn't be offended. It is difficult and I don't know how to stop it. I mean its been almost 10yrs since I've been to church actively. Anyone else deal with that? Also I was seriously sheltered, so being an adult and being around other adults, it is a marked difference. My boyfriend doesn't want to shelter his son, but sheltering is all I know and a knee jerk reaction, and really quite natural for me. I know sheltering hurt me in certain ways so I don't want to do it, but I don't know then what is normal? This is all so foreign for me... 




 I'm not okay with Monsanto or their practices towards farmers and farming. I distrust their "scientific" testing of their food as they say its safe, but independent studies show vastly differing results.  




 Speculation is fine so as long as attempts are made to understand. Also, people tend to believe speculation, but it's simply uninformed hypothesis. Who knows what's in that photo, honestly. Could be space junk, reflection of internal components, or something unknown to us. Too bad we are unable to simply jettison out there for a peak. 




 It does! 




 Da fuq? 




 Can mods remove this obvious trickery and not ufo-related post?? 




 Starving, growing, learning children are not worth 40. This is what I learned today. When I was in school if you didn't have money for lunch they made a mark by your name and sent a bill to your folks. Bam. Problem fucking solved. 




 Yessss!!! 




 Omg that would so kick ass 




 Even if it was, I think those locations would be so cool 




 Indeed. I know it wouldn't be canon, tho. But it'd be wicked! 




 I always thought Chicago or Orlando. Chicago because of the great lakes and skyscrapers. Orlando because bombed out theme Parks and mutant alligators would be incredible to experience. : ) 




