









 Per his UFC Q A https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHFkLlpodBQ x-yt-ts=1422579428 x-yt-cl=85114404#t=669 




 Silva v. Maia
Kimbo v Houston Alexander 



















 Great read, thanks!  









 Food wise, do they just eat lean proteins? 




 Are they intaking nothing but water and a few calories? 









 It's bullshit that the UFC keeps its best stars on the bench for so long. 2 fights a year? Jeebus. Why schedule the Also/McGregor fight for July when it could just as easily be May? 














 First thought.. Burt's on Twitter?! 














 Haven't heard much of AvA.. how does it conflict with how he's living his life now? 




 And yet, the Jones/DC theatrics really pumped people up. What makes this theoretical type of theatric so intriguing is that it's rare.. especially coming from a guy like Also.

How great when Anderson Silva put on the mask when he faced off against Vitor? Can't MMA purists have a little bit of fun and enjoy the show?! 




 How friggin pumped would that make you for the fight? 














 Great read.. so much for being open. 




 How'd you meet these folks? What made them so amazing? 




 brilliant.. we've all been there! 
























 You cold for that one brah 














 Frankie Edgar comment ftw 




 And unless I'm mistaken, am I correct in saying that there's nothing intrinsically amazing about the Harold, aside from the fact that Del Close came up with it? which is to say, its used not because its the best/ideal form for new groups, but just because that's the tradition? 




 Another theory: Perhaps this is no longer the case with the new IO in chicago, but at the old building.. there were so many teams and just 2 stages that some teams performed 1-2 times a month.. which goes back to your point that teams didn't work together enough to hone a good opening skillset. 




 I suppose its rare, having seen innumerable harold shows, that I see a great opening. Perhaps I'm jaded, but just food for thought I guess :) 




 Time and time again, I see talented groups of improvisers put crowds to sleep because they're beholden to the Harold form, as if it's the be all end all. The avante garde openings often leave theatre goers scratching their heads and doesn't seem to INSPIRE the performers in the way that it's intended.   














 Good one.. but did anyone at the time realize just how f'n good Silva was and overmatched Leben was? 




 If Mcgregor faces Aldo, that's a huge jump in competition.. is it the biggest jump we've seen in MMA yet (brock lesnar aside) 





























 that clinch destroyed franklin.. weidman loosened it up with one shot to the dome 









 I had heard rumors of recreational drug usage, but assumed MJ was the extent of it 
























 and the "pathetic" barb was because Jay talked to the cops? You'd think if Adnan were really innocent he'd be ranting and raving about how Jay is a complete liar, no? 









 You think I'm just gonna let you poke me jon? 




 This just keeps getting better. Weigh-ins are gonna be INSANE 














 Lost my hat 




 Or maybe, just maybe, he thinks the legal case is weak.. genuinely. 









 Translation? Let's get it on! 









 Does he have mythical wrestling strength or nothing outside the norm in the LHW division? 









 Two fights per champion seems light... Why not make it 3? It does have a big roster it needs to develop but the development doesn't seem to ever come from any of the bevy of fight cards they put on..  If they had the top 20 guys fight more frequently, I think that'd be better than having the top 50 guys fight twice a year 




 Per a UFC special that just ran on TV. Thats basically 42 fights a month. Too much, too little? 














 lol, good call 




 Sort of makes things even more bizarre 









 If so, wouldn't it be smart to combine mega cards for a 1 million PPV buy instead of, say, getting 450,000 buys each? 



















 A reasonable guy who knows his current place and is fighting to get to the top. Unlike some of these fighters who would bitch and moan for not getting more prominent placement. 



















 do podiatrists take xrays? 









 worded it poorly.. meant to say that unproven fighters earning 20/20 is a bit excessive 




 That's fair, but isn't there a difference between proving yourself 2-4 years in college and perhaps just 2-4 fights on the regional fight circuit?

I'm all for fighters making more money, but to me, the argument is more persuasive when talking about fighters who have been with the UFC for a while and serve a purpose -- while not champions, they are solid performers, gatekeepers, or even gatekeepers to gatekeepers.

20/20 for first time UFC'ers with marginal experience seems like a lot to ask, no?

Tennis players/golf players don't make $$ unless they win.. is that analogy too far off? 




 But NFL teams make so much more money than the UFC. Also NFL players have proven themselves in college.

At a certain point its just economics. The UFC pays out a percentage to their fighters and a disproportionate amount goes to a) fighters who win b) fighters who can generate viewership and c) fighters who perform well in the cage i.e performance of the night.

Is that really that unfair?

 




 Am I nuts for thinking an unproven fighter on an undercard that brings in no revenue or fans has a right to earn 20/20 ? Just seems like a union would be more sensible than a lawsuit alleging that the UFC is a monopoly.. Look at what happened to affliction and their ridiculous payouts. Folded. Fighters are contractors who can determine how much they make based on performance. It's high risk high reward. That's the nature of the business 

















































 I remember a handful of people meekly suggesting that Johnny Hendricks was gonna take it to GSP.. GSP of course won but the consensus was that you were a moron for thinking Hendricks would even win 1 round against GSP 



















 Nate knows how to smile?! 














 "Dos Santos said he has been able to survive because of sponsors who pay him monthly."

Wow, didn't realize sponsors did that.  









 I get that Dana White could give an F about askren, but doesn't joe silva carry any pull here?! 









 Who are the 4 fighters mentioned under Dolce who tested positive for PEDs? 









 3k a week?! from which podcast?  









 Schaub only making 32 grand 




 I went to high school with the guy in the Hangover.. Justin Bartha.. the guy who they are looking for..  Was mostly a nice guy, tiny bit of an ego. shorter than you can imagine.. He once got super pissed off at me in gym class playing basketball when i blocked the shit out of one of his shots.. i was a nerd who was even shorter than him so hence the anger.

Supposedly, i heard from a friend, that in HS he once said that if he goes to hollywood and struggles and doesn't get his first commercial/break until he's 80, it would still be worth it.  Guess you can say he had a goal and was dead serious about it 




 Dustin hazellet vs. tamdan mccory... amazing finish 














 Supposedly Hendricks walks around at 215?? 




 On UFC embedded, Hendricks kept saying it was going well, that he's "on the Dolce diet" and that he's just 12 pounds over..... Here's hopin he makes it, but doesn't look too good for Dolce 














 Any love for Sherdog's Jordan Breen? 





























 Not sure how encouraging this is... will Anderson now be fighting in white reebok shorts? Oh the horror! 

















































 Looks like he's raising the roof or saying "gimme cake!" 




 are there flying toasters on the back ? 














 That's valid. Perhaps I'm missing something, but what I found utterly bizarre is that if you watch the interview, she's talking about how Uber would have had cars posted up at her house, her kids lives in danger.. It all seemed purposefully blown way out of proportion due to her visceral hatred of all things Uber. The "they're coming after my family" reasoning seemed delusional or purposefully misleading.   




 What made the b5 so unexpectedly brilliant? 









 Agreed. It's like a bizarre press tour where something that is objectively bad has been amplified as if it's the most evil thing humanity has seen. Bunch of self-important Silicon Valley pricks on both sides of the equation, I think 



















 Family of 4? Single guy... what demographic of folks will be waiting in line to get the model x? 









