 Nope have a nexus 5 and 6 on 5.1 and still get it. 




 Nothing says I'm reading a post by an aussie as when you see 'these cunts' 

Fucking brilliant.

But yeah, give us some examples dude, you can't just slander someone's business and not back yourself up  




 No! No! stop it! Stooop!!!! 




 Anonapotimus? 




 Please make sure you also send your CVV number on the back. 




 My brain went straight to "cruising down the street in my '6 4' - Eazy E 




 Season 1 episode 1, the pilot  




 Just ride it out dude, it does get easier. 

 




 What season and episode is this from? Is a null comment  




 Until then, I'll keep on watching the seasons I backed up from the internet should it ever go down 




 You're good. Hats off to you, even gave the back story! 




 Fuck.. Me too.. 

Exactly the same thing here. 

It definitely kept me sane by keeping my mind off it as much as possible.

For me it was Seinfeld and KOTH, so far I've watched them both back to back about 6 times. 




 Hi guys, 

Can we make it a sub rule that when referring to a pic, gif, video clip, that we include the season and episode in the title?

This would make it a lot easier to refer to the scene and would stop a lot of the "which episode was this?" questions. 




 No one is an outcast or a freak mate, you just haven't found the people that share the same interests as you. 




 Been there too buddy, I made another post in this same thread explaining it as well 




 I now have a little boy of my own, I'd hate for him to ever experience bullying, let alone ever become a little asshole that does it. 




 You live in bankstown and feel a little outnumbered?  




 Compared to the rest of Sydney.. I beg to differ.

I don't mean this in a derogatory manner, just stating the facts. 




 Bankstown is predominantly Muslim.

Sausage sizzles generally aren't halal and nor should they be.

Pork sausages rock.

Go for a drive to a bunnings outside of the bankstown area and get your fix. 




 I was a cunt of a kid.. These days in the office environment the world of bullying and teasing to some extent still exists.. 

In a way of trying to amend my ways, I'm still a cunt, but am protective of the guys on the receiving end of bullying and teasing. 

One of my close friends at work is a bit of a super nerd, he games hardcore, loves Star wars, collects figurines, grows a weird beard etc etc.. He doesn't have a bad bone in his body.

I'll watch upper ranked management at my level and above snigger at him, give him pointless chores etc, and time and time again I'll step in and tell them to fuck themselves on his behalf. 

He knows I'll always laugh at his little batman dolls on his desk, or his little yoda thing, but I'll also take the time to let him explain why he likes them etc. 

He tells me that at school he and his group were always picked on, and that outcast group that people used to laugh at.. I was one of those cunts on the giving end. 

To all you peeps that felt left out, bullied, picked on or made an outcast, I'm sorry. 




 "He would do his little cape thing" - this line got me smiling and laughing.

Being an adult, you see that as being cute in a way, but as a kid, he would be seen as a freak and constantly bullied where I went to school. 




 T 




 Oi Ben! 

Oi Ben: https://youtu.be/2GLFzhYV5S0 




 Where was good Hank? He must be all grown up now  




 Well, to you and that kids mother in the posts, I hope you both live a long, healthy and fulfilling life by transferring all of your illnesses to people like this buttplug that claim they are sick to earn fake internet points that mean absolutely nothing. 




 Thanks so much for this 




 When Dale takes Bill's money from his account after the million dollar bet - "he would've just spent it on something stupid.. Like himself!" 




 Thanks mate 




 What does the A stand for ? 




 Mine is the opposite. I have it set so it only works when the phone is on the home screen.

When I press the power and put it on standby, it has to count down till it password locks itself, during the 5 min period until it locks, ok Google works with the screen off. 




 These guys Aussie? 




 In Aus, we refer to it as a sausage sizzle.. No buns 




 Side loading the OTA doesn't involve root access.

You're just doing the job of google manually by installing the update yourself. 




 adb sideload update.zip 

This is all you need to remember.

Been on 5.1 for a little.. It's a bit of a 'meh' update. 




 Fuck! I thought it was just me!

It freezes and sounds like a pair of barber clippers on a rampage.

Only way to fix is to reboot.

At least I now know it's not just my Nexus 9 




 It's nor racism if it's actually the truth. 

I'm just calling a spade a spade. 

Sorry if I hurt your little tree hugging spirit.  




 Welcome to Australia's aboriginal communities 




 Ha! Added.

 




 What is NC?

My next US trip is going to be all the southern states. 




 When I travelled to the US, this is the type of stuff I wanted to see.. 

I was disappointed.

I guess New York, Vegas and San Diego only have skinny people. 




 These are banned in Australia now, you can't own a tanning salon  




 Right you are! I've only ever owned K series engines, so I assumed they are all chain.

As for Subaru, had many of those fuckers and their belts 




 And Honda  




 Following the usual google schedule, it will be November -December this year, with rumours and a full leak of the device by July. 

The next one will more than likely be a blip better than the N6 as hardware is now kind of stagnating.. It will either be a little quicker and a little more RAM, both of which you won't notice as Lollipop hammers along even on the lower spec devices. 

All I want is for the next Nexus to last 2 days on a full charge and heavy use.  




 Haha, mate I was talking about phones.. I would never buy LG or Samsung home appliances (actually Samsung TV is ok) 




 To google I go  




 I have the N6

You made the right choice  




 I remember that! 

Was the camera any good? 




 What on earth did I just watch? Haha.. It wasn't about the phone wasn't? It couldn't have been!? 




 Get the Nexus 6.. Same sized screen (even bigger) and you get the updates! 




 The G3 is a pretty awesome bit of gear dude.

But I'll stick with my N6 ;) 




 I'm from Aus.. I don't remember the juke.. They rename most of the phones here different to the US (They used to) 




 They have upped their game mate, the N4 and N5 that I had are both still working as good as the day that I bought them.

Build quality and screen quality are great.

The biggest downfall of LG in the past was horrendously bad software and the cheapest hardware.

The software now being pure android, means that its controlled by google and it's silky smooth. 

Hardware wise, the build of the N4 is more premium, but I don't recommend it over the N5. 

The N4 had its last ever update, I doubt google will push the next greatest version of Android to it. The N5 still has another update left in it. 




 My first ever phone was a Motorola Star-tac :) 




 I still have mine in mint condition, I still marvel at how nice it was designed and the feel in the hand. 

The N5 was nice, but cheap when compared to the N4.  




 Nexus 4 is still the best looking Nexus ever made in MY opinion.. 

Too bad about the battery life and the speaker on the back, which was completely muted when the phone was placed on anything. 




 Be that as it may, it was a pretty crappy phone!, 

Remember the 'Chocolate'? damn that was a terrible bit of gear. 




 I went from an iphone 4 to the Galaxy Nexus, I remember just staring at the phone thinking 'this thing is rediculous'.. 

Side by side, the G Nex and the N5 are exactly the same size.. even though the N5 has a bigger screen. 




 Well, lets face it, 6 inch is the limit.

I have the Nexus 6, and I still think it's too big.

5.5 inch with the same bezel sizes etc, would have been superb. 




 I never thought I'd see the day that anybody actually WANTED to buy an LG device..

Wind back the clock 5 years, you would have laughed at any phone built by LG and moved on to buy anything else.

Well done LG, you definitely have turned the tables. 




 Take a hike cojack  




 Hey, you owe me a high five. 




 Potato Man.. 




 Thanks heaps mate, appreciated  




 That is sensational! How do I get my hands on a copy?? 




 And Troyboi... Listen to 'Do you' 




 3, you missed trap music  




 A) who gives a fuck

B) who gives a shit

C) who gives a toss.


Open it, close it, no one really cares.

So over this cafe and all the media around it since the siege.

 




 Can't comment on the white, but the blue is a little slippery on the back, I got a DBrand skin with the metal finish which has helped immensely with grip.

Burn in? Mine was purchased originally in Jan and it has none.

Vibrate motor, yep it rattles a little but works fine. I don't have haptic feedback enabled so I rarely notice it.

Battery, iPhone is way better.. But then again I do a lot more with the nexus 6 that would be processor hungry I guess.

Charging, charging is quick, for a phone this big with a battery so meaty, it does charge up quick.

5.1- phone is even faster than before, a lot smother and way less buggy. Since KitKat, the nexus has been iPhone smooth, now it's even smoother.

Camera, camera is great, compared to the nexus 5, a potato takes a great photo. As the others have mentioned, HDR+ gets you some great pics, especially in daylight.

Size, its a big fucker. I'd NEVER consider going bigger and still wish it was a touch smaller, but once you get over the hand cramps, its quite hard to use a smaller screen.

Speakers, sound is good, its not as bassy as I'd like, but its definitely loud, and has great stereo balance.
Build quality, she's good.. Not iPhone good or HTC, but very close.

Any other questions, hit me up buddy, I'll give you my honest opinion. 




 Well done, you played that very well! 

I'm watching the episode where he is donating his kidney, as we speak. 

"NOT THE MASTER COMPUTER!" 

"Ahhh.. I think it was a Dell" 




 You're a Gem.. My N5 and N6 are now both on 5.1.

My N7 5.1
My N9 ...... no love yet. 




 Completely agree with all.. Except for the stingray :)

The Lemo come to think of it would be a great tank  




 It's not hard to wick a KF?.. it's what I used to learn on..

But the Kanger Sub-tank takes all the pain of RBA's but keeps all the benefits.

As for the Stingray, I love mine, it has the Magnetic button, and definitely doesn't have a crunch to it.. you might be thinking of the Nemesis 




 LOL thanks mate.. god knows what I was looking at, everything was referring me to the SDK 




 Chicken butt. 




 All of that effort and not even a wireless keyboard 




 Isn't that the infamous "THATS MY PURSE! I DONT KNOW YOU!" Episode?

All respect to your Bobby Tatt, but Gribble is the best character of that show, with Peggy my most hated equally with Buckley.  




 Start off easy..

Get an istick30 and a kanger sub tank mini.

You'll get a .5 ohm coil and 20w is about all you need to cook it good and proper.

Later on, jump on fasttech, get a fake Kayfun Lite and a stingray mod.

Build a 0.5 ohm coil and wick it how you want with the cotton you want.

I've gone all the way to mech mods and tanks, now am using a stingray and kanger sub tank.. The sub tank is a brilliant tank. 




 4.4 was definitely better..  




 I've given up, my phone says I need a newer version of adb 1.032 or something.. I really don't want to download the whole SDK  




 A smack. 

This kid needed to be smacked when he was younger.

Many times. 




 Its definitely better. Not great, but better. 




 It's lollipop.

Wait for 5.1 to be pushed out, it supposedly fixes the issue.

I'll let you know in 15 min when my one finishes  




 Australia chiming in.. Downloading and installing as we speak. (Google OTA)

Hopefully 5.1 will bring it back to its former glory. 

At the moment its a paper weight during to how slow it was with 5.0

I have a 2012 Nexus 7, 9, 5 and 6, the 7 always gets the update first. 




 Is there 13 others before you though? 




 There is a lot of words you have written that I don't know. A lot. 




 Na na na na leader. 




 I want to genetically modify a cow and a pig together to have a cow sized pig.

Bacon would be sublime. 




 Good on you lad, the only thing that will stop you is you.

Sometimes things will be hard, but you would have never know what hard was if there was no good before and after it 




 Why so serious buddy?

Put a king of the hill twist on it hwhy_so_serious 




 Credit to you, I'd prefer fat dog over fat cat. 




 It does count mate, my elevation is 3 steps. 




 A lot of your life is already mapped out for you buddy, that's what I believe.

What you can do is guide yourself through it the way you want to travel it.

Example, you have a passion for cars? You can become a mechanic and be paid miserably and be dirty, or you can be an engineer.. Get paid highly and be clean.. Either way, you're following your passion. 




 So, really.. You want 'bitches' swooning all over you.

I get this. 




 I like this one, clever.

You made the best of a bad situation. 

 




 Yup. 




 I remember 1996.. I was in year 7. 

Fuck. 




 What's holding you back? 




 Awww.. You a little sad buddy? Why don't you just downvote the thread and move along? 




 FUCKING LOL. so far you are the clear winner. 




 In the mountains? Which country?

Its good knowing real mountain folk still exist! 




 I tried Rusty Shackleford, it was taken. 




