 Ok somebody didn't bring ansl beads to work....even though that's what that is. 




 I call for 3 hours of the infamous Vince dance video. 




 So pretty much a replay of "The one who must not be name's" tribute? 




 What is this down time you speak of? 




 When I was in Culinary school it was color coded by kitchen. One was blue, one was red, and so on. 




 And the razor??? 




 Old Town St. Chuck would be the perfect place for a shop of this nature. 




 BAZINGA! 




 AKA foot traffic 




 Yeah just checked out their site and not one mention of a physical location. 




 These poker ones are always the best IMO. 




 Shout out back to you from North County. Never heard of those two places but I'll check them out. Thanks for mentioning them. 




 Don't mind it one bit. I was just wanting to know in case I wanted to get my hands on something without having to wait on it. 




 This might be a long shot but I'm looking for a shave supply store or stores in the St. Louis area. Born and raised here and the only place I know of is Art of Shaving. Any help would be appreciated because I hate going to the corporate drug stores and looking at the very slim selection. 




 "I've had five kitchen jobs and I've walked out of or quit without notice in everyone."

Yeah not really helping your case here. Just by reading this(can't believe I read it all) it sounds to me like you have a big ego and when somebody does something to counter that ego you say fuck this I'm out. 

As a word of advice suck it up, drop the ego, and do your job without fuckin quitting. 




 Don't lose your shit and get yourself in the weeds. 




 Hot Damn! I thought we were the only ones. 




 Congrats 




 Send him to fetch a bucket of steam. 




 This brings back memories. 




 I know all about your criminal charges, restraining orders against you, and your kids being taken away from you. It took me a long time to get over you, and still till this day I can't listen to our songs. I mean you were the first girl I ever said I Love You to face to face. Oh in case you're wondering I ending up finding an amazing woman who saved my life by actually giving a shit about me instead of what dick was fucking her like you did.

P.S. I made that move to Georgia like I dreamed of. Only lasted 2 1/2 weeks before I moved back home but I at least did it. 




 That's great. That's really great. Now don't be a stranger and have a nice day. 




 Grab some food off the shelves and lock my ass in the bathroom. 




 Ever seen the movie Waiting? From what I've heard it's pretty much that to a T. 




 http://i.imgur.com/yRO9z8n.jpg 




 YAY Pepto Bismo! 




 Had the same thing happen here with Longhorn. Every single position was open at one location. 




 Shit with that overtime you can buy your own restaurant. 




 Not the worst idea I've read on this sub but a very close second. If you go ahead with this not only will you be ran over so quick that you won't even see it, they will back up and hit you again. 




 This or for like they do for the luaus in Hawaii and cook it in a hole. 




 I think I got stupider reading some of those comments. 




 In reality all this right here is all you need. 




 Nix the culinary school and the debt and get a job in another kitchen. Some of the skills you learned at the current place may be transferable without you even knowing it. 




 That's when hot behind comes into play. lol 




 This. It'll make him change his mind real quick. 




 You tried shaving the cat again didn't you? 




 You pretty much found it here. 




 Congrats and welcome to the club. 




 An icicle fell off the house and broke my glasses I SWEAR. 




 Contact a local food truck and ask if you can stage for a run in order to see if that's what you really want. 




 That girl really had no fucks to give when she modeled. 




 There is actually a pizza cheese out there that has little pieces of pepperoni in it. Parents used to buy it all the time for my brother and I when we were younger but now it's very hard to find.

With this though I call laziness or the inability to spell mozzarella. 




 Yeah that page is off the wall crazy. They posted some shit one time about killing Pitbulls in order to rid the world if "devil dogs." WTF! 




 I use the stuff religiously because there's not much I like the smell of and I can attest to that. Used to get bad irritation if I left my beard grow out for a week and it helped clear it up. 




 Smurf cumshot 




 Fast food or a liquid diet of alcohol. 




 After reading the rest of the comments why do I feel that we'll be seeing this on /r/shittykickstarters within the next week? 




 That's the thing though unless you specifically said no emails how would they know you barely check your email? 




 I see no problem with it. I've known people who fill out an app and get a call an hour later to interview the next day. 




 Hell yeah do it. It's not only helping you with the skills it's also helping that resume for the future. 




 Does offering them a half eaten can of ravioli count in this??? 




 Nothing like a nice ass welcome back. 




 Sadly it didn't click until this comment. 




 Watching it live now and the bids are not really coming in for it. Sold for $585,000. 




 I must have this in my life. 




 Please tell me it's Up Up, Down Down, Left Right, Left Right, B, A, Start. 




 If it moves and it shouldn't use duct tape, if it doesn't move and it should use WD-40. 




 Went through this myself almost 9 years ago not to that extinct but it still took me a month and a half to recover. Soreness from the incisions lasted much longer though. Anyway hang tough and welcome back. 




 Now that's a bomb I wouldn't mind getting in the mail. Nice job Alebue and congrats Wew5450. 









 Sadly can't seem to find this video anymore. 




 That was what my mind immediately went to when I saw the mean green. Gonna go with a simple WTF for this pic. 




 We need to stop kissing every body's ass with this new stadium and upgrade what we got. I for one will say I'd gladly help the Rams and Uncle Rico pack. 




 Get a free pit pass from your local FORD dealer 




 Holy Fuck there's so many misguided info in this thread it's like going to a Dr. in a dark alley. 

Cuts: As long as they're not deep clean it with soap and water, apply pressure, and raise your hand above your head until the blood stops. Apply bandage, glove it, and get back to work.

Burns: Cool not cold water like has been said and polysporin. 









 Ooh that shit always makes me happy. 




 Wait a minute here. You want US to determine if you're crazy or not??? Hahahaha ok then. 




 Label that shit. No need for a screw up that can be easily avoided. 




 This and to add another non-cooking related app: Pandora to bring a lil music to the kitchen. 




 Looks like it's trying to be like EMT INA way and failing miserably. 




 There are rougher versions of SOS pads. 




 Same here and the only one I know of is that yellow one. 




 In a freaking heartbeat.

You should x-post this over on r/kitchenconfidential 




 That is a huge ass Holy Fuck You. 




 Nuke it or deep fry it, and they gave what they want sans char. 




 Bye Felicia! 




 Picking up a couple boxes Friday. 




 Wait so you're telling me restaurants close??? All thus time I thought the locks were for show. 




 Haha good point. 




 With mine I rinse it with hot water, shake the excess off, and tap it on a towel. 




 Yep. Forgot what the ratio was but it was in the post about the hipster douche not allowing chef coats in his kitchen. 




 Like the other two this is a story I'd like to hear. 




 Steak Tartare 




 Two Words: Stress Reliever. Can't really smoke a full blown cigar in 5 minutes so I went the e-cig route and it has helped just as well. 




 Bahahaha and very accurate. 




 Here in St. Louis we can buy beer and liquor at the same place any day we want. Moved to Warner Robins, GA for 2 weeks and it was the first time I ever saw where you could buy beer at the grocery store but not liquor. you also couldn't buy anything on Sunday so Saturday night was alcohol run nights. 




 We have this same thought about East St. Louis, IL. 




 Did you base your character Red Foreman off of anybody in particular? 




 It'll be a fuckin bloodbath. 




 Damn man i'm sorry. Went through something like this before just not to this extinct. Had a buddy pass out in the kitchen, and nobody could wake him up for anything. Called paramedics and turns out he had a heart defect he told no one about. Was torn up the rest of that day.

It sucks I know but I say go out and honor him even if you guys weren't that close. 




 Welcome back. Loved you on Scrubs and recently saw you on Jim Hensons Creature Shop. Question is: Who's your fave Muppet?   




 Oh yes I hate my chef whoa is me. Actually i'm the Chef and don't fall for the gluten free fad. Yeah if you have an actual medical condition that's fine but don't come to me asking for gluten free just cause it's the hip thing to do. 




 Leaving your ego and deflating your big head at the door. Those two things don't belong in any kitchen 

Now in light of what Chef McDouchebag said about not liking chef coats: If I'm ever in a kitchen like his please shoot me. When I have my coat on it feels me with pride knowing I'm doing what I love. He on the other hand sounds like he's trying to make up for a fuck up he once made. 




 Yes, absolutely do it. Not only will you learn a lot it'll look damn good on your resume. Good Luck and mist importantly have fun. 




 Almost had to go to the 10 second rule  




 Hiding a body for the mob. Shh... 




 As a yankee with southern blood I can say that means they're damn good. 




 Oh good God not with the gluten free shit. If you don't want to use butter please pack your knives and find a different job. 




 Care to elaborate? 




 If I was that other student I would have asked for the plate # of the bus you ran me over with. 




 If you don't enjoy it I say run. No use in doing something you don't enjoy doing. Good luck and hope you find something you love and stick with it. 




 Well thank God I know where the mute button is. Booker T is a great wrestler but him on the announce team is like nails on a chalkboard. 




 The money the owners are paying out for that could go for a new range w/o the BS. 




 My brother is an engineer with U.P. and he was telling us one time that there's a section of track here in St. Louis by Jefferson Barracks National Cemetary that has watch out for explosives sign posted. This is due to unearthed grenades and mines still possible in the area. 




 From the picture it looks like a Mom   Pop place so there is no way that's Kobe beef. If it was the food cost alone would be so much that they'd have to charge $25-$30 for the burger, and that's after the standard 30%-35% markup. Oh and those onion are way too thick.

Source: I'm a Chef. 




 Exactly! WTF is a tap chop? 




 I'd go with a dark colored mechanic like button-up shirt and anything but a denim apron. 




