 I wonder what living conditions most of the workers came from? We're framing this in western standards and the poor in India, Pakistan, etc do not live any where near western standards.  
Not saying this is OK, but they may be living in better conditions than they did at home. 




 With low end being lipton, store brands, etc. Companies that sell just Black Tea, Green Tea.  
Companies that actually sell regional and loose teas are getting into mid grade imo. While there's a difference between Twinings bagged and loose Darjeeling, it's not as drastic as the difference between a generic black tea and any Twinings tea    
High grade is artisan type teas, well regarded estates, fermentation methods, regions or in some cases even individual plants, etc.  
Where do you draw the line between the 3?   




 When being on the court and on the video screen has more value than the reward. 




 Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng Yunnan Black Tea is a good example of a decent Yunnan tea.  
High Mountain Red Ai Lao Mountain Black Tea is a unique tea from the region and has many characteristics of a nice Taiwanese black tea.  
Real fresh teas have a unique flavor. I like them once they've aged a few weeks or months.  




 I think loose leaf tea drinkers accept variation from year to year. People who drink bag tea are after a consistent tea, year in, year out. The Prince of Wales I drink today tastes exactly like it did 20 years ago. My Yunnan loose leaf teas taste different this month than they will in a couple more months. I just got an aged Yunnan black tea from 2012 from Tea Trekker. 




 Not necessarily. While many cheap teas use the fannings, I doubt if companies like Twinings and other mid to high end bag teas use them. They probably grind leaf for their mix. Unlike loose teas where each crop may be very different, bag tea remains the same year to year.  




 Have you gone to Yunnan Sourcing's Chinese site? When you first go to their site, the center image sends you to their international site where they have a lot more tea.With what I've read about Ali Express, I wouldn't risk any money with them without specific recommendations. 




 Tea bags are almost always ground tea. Full tea leaves expand too much for a tea bag. I drink primarily Yunnan black teas and oolongs. Green tea and oolongs keep me up at night if I have them after dinner. I find if I brew a relatively weak Yunnan gold, the caffeine is minimal. They're also very fruity teas and work nicely with a bit of honey. 




 Thanks for sharing this information 




 The same way Tolkien knew what a Balrog looked like so Jackson could put it in the movies. ;-p  




 Watch out for these guys: http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/08/07/how-mit-students-scammed-the-massachusetts-lottery-for-8-million/  
http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2011/02/02/statistician-cracked-lottery/  
Examples of both drawings and scratch offs 




 It's unfortunate they are on different networks, but it would be cool to see Elton Brown and Gordon Ramsey do some cooking challenges. Guiding teams to a final winner and/or One on One challenges between them.  
I think Elton would guide a team better and improve their skills quicker. I think Gordon would Psych Elton out a bit on one on one's. 




 One of the most beautiful sounds of the north. 




 Regarding communism, read about why the New Deal was made and the strength the socialists were gaining across the US at the time. Look at how workers were being treated. Look at the consolidation of wealth. We were Bangladesh in a land of supposed freedom and equality. Communism was only a threat because people wanted to share in the wealth they created through their labor. It wasn't a communist plot as much as it was the industrialists wanting to live like European royalty treating their workers like peasants. Creating laws to protect workers and provide some basic care for all citizens saved our nation. Preventing them from becoming peasants under the industrialists instead of peasants under a communist government was a major turning point in our history and gets very little discussion in the history books we use in school.  
I am somewhat amused by you saying the best pure democracy you can think of, restricted the voting to a very small group of people; the owner class. I guess some of the tribes making up the Iroquois confederacy were the closest I can think of. Almost all people had a say in important decisions affecting the tribe, and pretty much the freedom to do what they wanted as individuals.  
Even then, they had to have someone representing them in cross tribal meetings.  
In one of my media classes we talked about how it was not even the angle reporters put on a story, but what stories they are given to write about that affected what news we read. It's why the OWS movement got so little attention. What the movement represented was a direct assault on the status quo. Our police force does what it always does in times of struggle, represent the government. They are not the protector of the people. They are the protectors of the status quo. As are the corporate sources of news.  
In a poli sci class I had, they talked about how you can see the true interests and driving forces of a government by looking at who the laws are written to protect. Labor laws, environmental laws, laws for legal recourse against injury and damages, trade laws, regulations to protect free enterprise or monopolies. How did the law work for a black guy in the south until the 50's-60's? The new trade agreements are written in such a way that the trade laws will supersede local and national laws and disputes are handled through the trade courts, not the courts of the nations. Who are those laws written for?  
When WWII started Hearst and a few others controlled a large segment of the news most people read in the cities. Many of them were supporting the fascist ideals of Hitler. Many of our most powerful leaders of industry supported Germany. A general actually told the president about a plot the industrialists and military leaders had to grab power and ally with Germany. It's an extremely interesting piece of history to explore in depth. One of the first things any revolutionaries or conquerors want to do is control the information. If you investigate their attempt to grab power in the US, read what the media owners who were part of the plot were writing in their papers. And then reconsider the unbiased media ideal. 
Iraq is the best recent example. When the war drums were being pounded, most of my sources of information were calling them on their lies. The mainstream corporate media were banging the drums with really good stories and images. And our first videos of guided missiles for even better show. Now, it's Oh if we had only known then. Or well, it really had to be done at some point.  
An expansionist Israel, The Sunni/Shia civil war, our choosing sides in the civil war and the location of some of the best crude oil on the planet are the 4 main causes of the tinderbox over there. And lurking in the background, Russia and China provide military and technical materials and knowledge to Syria, Iran, India and others in the region. Our propaganda does not fly with the leaders in China and Russia. They know the truth, not the distortions we are told. They know why we have an issue with Iran. They know why we support the sheiks and Israel and they knew why we went into Iraq both times. As do the leaders in Europe, and most of the rest of the world. They provide their own propaganda, designed for their country.  
And yes, the beginning of our invasion of Iraq was easy. As I said before, Kuwait was side drilling into Iraq's reserves. Iraq went to the US since we were allies for both. We told them it was a middle east affair. They went to the regional Arab states group who told them it was an argument between them. Iraq then told everyone they were going to attack and nationalize Kuwait, yada yada. Everyone sat back and watched Iraq build up their forces for a few weeks. Lines of tanks, jets in advanced bases, infantry spread out in a line. All ready for the invasion. If the US did not want Iraq to attack Kuwait, they only had to send one company or even a division to make it a firm line in the sand. A marine company can be in place in most places in the Middle East in under 24 hours and probably a light division as well. Attack this line and you are attacking the US. There was a fair amount of discussion about this at the time in military journals. What Saddam did not know was our alliance was over and we were going to destroy his military once he got them all lined up nicely for our advanced aircraft and guided missiles. Pre-made for incredible kill numbers and a great show of force at home and around the world. Threat against Israel from Iraq brought from an annoyance to nothing in the blink of an eye. Saddam's response, cancel the oil contracts with the west and give them to Russia and China. The west's response, re-invade and put someone in power who gave the contracts back.  
I worry about our future when we are sending all of our jobs overseas. Kids can't find jobs and our middle class is shrinking. Wealth is being concentrated in fewer and fewer hands. We're allowing big money to have more and more influence on our elections. Through the 70's most improvements in productivity gave almost equal growth in wages across the board. Now those productivity increases go to the top with greater and greater difference between wages at the top and bottom. The elite don't care about countries. The top 1% lives pretty much the same all over the world. They actually have it better in the 3rd world because of how cheap it is to hire people. Not even counting land, you can build a huge royal estate in India for way under 10% of what it would cost you in the spoiled west where people aren't willing to work hard for reasonable pay. Notice the sarcasm at the end. I think it is extremely unwise to move all of our manufacturing and sharing of advanced technical knowledge with our global adversaries like we are with China. We are destroying our environment. I can't hunt what I used to hunt because we have turned 80% of our farmland into subdivisions. I can't fish where I used to because the rivers have become too poisoned to have healthy populations. I have to drive N of Lake Superior from where I am to catch fish like I did 25 years ago or drive to the Dakotas to hunt bird like I used to. My kids are having kids now and I wonder what the world will be like in 25 more years.  
I'd like to see our 2 party system end. To achieve that, we would have to form gov's from multiple party's like many democracies throughout Europe and around the world. A 2 party system is inherently adversarial, which makes sense since our rules are written by lawyers. When your only tool is a hammer, all problems look like a nail. Their system is purely adversarial. I'd like to see a national or state holiday for all elections and make our voting far more secure and easier to do. I'd like to see elections with no outside money influencing them. We own or regulate the airwaves and cable/cellular bands, we can require all media airing on those airwaves (including cable) to offer free time for debates and limited air time for them to explain their views in their own setting. I'd like to see a company like Shell fined so hard for hard for their environmental and safety incompetence that bankrupt people up and down the coast that it jails some and nearly bankrupts them. The cost of not protecting the environment has to be so high, that they put extreme effort into preventing it. As long as we only slap their hands, they will continue to do it. Until we slap them so hard with fines, things like this will continue to happen. As long as the rules and regulations are written in such a way that we protect them over us, it will continue to happen. I think we should find key industries that employ a lot of skilled and hard working people and protect those industries through our trade policies. I think we should promote other countries to make the goods that don't fall in those categories. I think with our ingenuity and work ethic, we should have a positive trade balance with the rest of the world. People around the world love our stuff. Which is really just our brands and many of those brands are not even made in the US anymore. Which is why we have such a trade deficit. We import almost as much oil as we export. We export far more refined petroleum products than we import, so it is not our energy and fuel needs that cause our deficits. It's because 80+% of what we own is made in Asia. It seems like most people have jobs either moving or selling products made somewhere else. Our service based economy of the future supposedly. It makes for a very top heavy economy benefiting global oligarchs with national loyalty being nothing more than a coin to use at the bargaining table. I think we should find strong allies in key locations around the world, treat them right, press for a gov where the people feel they are treated right and have a strong middle class to increase national stability and help them build the infrastructure to help them achieve that. 




 NO, Lake of the Woods is ours too. Next you'll want all our loons. 




 Someone must have been really tired of coming up with names for new birds. "I'll name that the black and white hawk eagle bird thingy.  
On a serious note, as a birder, I'd like to see them. Thanks for sharing. 




 Someone designing IKEA mugs saw that somewhere, thought it made a good draining method, and claimed it as a benefit. I doubt if the IKEA designer was the first to do this. I've seen it before on cups and thought it was part of the manufacturing process. Then I realized it prevented them from pulling up coasters, I really liked the design then. 




 I agree, I think from the near site we are within degrees of each other. It's as we get out to the edge that the differences are more noticeable,  
Terrorism is the modern day communism. It's a catch all to justify our actions. War is profit. Huge profit. Eisenhower made a statement about the military industrial complex, that I am sure you are aware of, based on the breadth of knowledge you've shown. Even during the birth of England, France, Spain, Russia, etc., factions within the barony and church guided their actions as much as the kings or queens. Even in China, Japan, etc with their warlords. It was also not unusual for other countries to influence the politics of another. The East India Trade Company is a great example how private industry started influencing governments as well, once democracies overtook monarchies.  
Can you provide any examples now or in the past of this real democracy or pure democracy you feel is the standard and not based on set laws, where all laws are voted on by every citizen instead of elected officials? Democracies are governments elected by the people. The whole concept of a democracy is all citizens elect representatives who are supposed to follow the will of the people. Democracy does not mean every rule and law is passed by every citizen each election cycle. We would not need elected officials in this pure democracy you reference as all decisions would be made by each of us through voting. I don't think even a utopian view of democracy is what I think you define democracy as and is certainly not any definition I ever heard in any poli-sci or gov classes in college or before. It's almost the angle I read from anarchists; no gov, we can make all decisions as individuals and don't need gov defined structures.  
I imagine both our views are much more nuanced than what we can get across on reddit. I really think we are both over simplifying the issue to fit within a post too, when there are hundreds of page papers written about what we are talking about, from all angles. I agree with those who feel we could have done the same thing the west did after WWII, to the countries in S and C America as well as Mexico. We could have built modern industry and had people get paid enough to build a middle class, which is the cornerstone of any country. Japan and Germany both have very strong economies with a balanced middle class. Instead we chose to support the oligarchs and allow the average citizen to get crapped on for our benefit. So we can have cheap fruit, oil, minerals, and any other resource they have that we need.  
And even this is a massive oversimplification. Japanese and German society is far more structured than anything in S or C America or most parts of Africa or the middle east. The priorities, cultural values, work ethics and many other things have an impact as well. And once again, have hundreds of papers from all angles.  
I've enjoyed reading your views and it made me think and investigate and question some of my facts/beliefs/opinions in more detail. Often what we want to believe is different than the facts. We are all good at using cognitive dissonance to see the world the way we want. Sometimes we need to verify the things we want to believe even more than the things we don't want to believe. It's so easy to accept faulty data when it's the data that matches our views.  
I use news sources that have been proven accurate to me over the years. Many news sources followed the gov line about Iraq, Iran Contra, 9/11, etc. or about GMO foods, radiating our food supply, industrial farms, raw sewage being used as fertilizer, toxins killing birds, bees, etc.  A few were telling us the truth. The sources that lied about each, are pretty consistent and some only told the truth about some things and not others. It seems like most people continue to use sources that have repeatedly distorted reality. Not only leaving them less informed, but even worse, misinformed But it's a distortion that matches their beliefs, so they continue to read and watch their Washington Times, New York Times, Washington Post, LA Times, Chicago Tribune, ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, etc. The lies they have been told, do not trump the worldview they want to maintain. I personally believe very little the corporations tell me through their newspapers and other media. We are a long way from a Walter Cronkite or  newspapers that investigate and publish stories about the little guy being stepped on by the big guy. Our media now represents the big guys. The little guy does not have a voice that can be heard through the trees. By no means, do I have the lock on truth or how to provide world, let alone national  'best methods' to govern the masses in a dog eat dog world. Facts not based on pure science are like a huge disco ball sending facts from thousands of different mirrors. We find the ones that match our view, or construct our view from a few cherry picked facts that match our greater view. I grew up hunting and fishing. I love nature, being outside, getting my own meal from the land and water. I despise what is being done to nature to benefit a few, with protections that prove faulty time and time again. Protections often written by the lobbyists, for the few. This view makes me believe corporate malfeasance involving the environment, when I read about it, without the usual verification of facts. There are too many past examples of it happening and being whitewashed or swept under the rug as soon as possible. I believe powerful industry, led by what are for all practical purposes; oligarchs, use our military and intelligence services to protect their interests overseas through the power their money has on our gov. This doesn't preclude WWI and WWII when we went in to stop Allied/Central Powers, or Korea against Russia and China. (That whole Russia China alliance after WWII is very interesting to read about. They were not the most trusting of allies or working toward the same goals.) All 3 are much more complicated than the fairy tales and fables we are fed, but if you don't protect your allies, you diminish your power in the world.  
There are actually a lot of good authors that use the early19th century to the mid 60's in Asia as their settings. It's also a region I visit and try to stay up on current news.  I've watched what our economic and trade policies have done for the few, and what they've done to our job market and our middle class. When I read about a new economic or trade policy written by the same people who have given us the same thing over and over, I don't believe a word they say. I've already heard their distortions and fantasies for the last 20+ years. I've seen who they benefit. I'm lucky, my wife is lucky, my 2 kids are lucky. We've never had a major injury or sickness. We work in the fields we went to school for. We've never been unemployed. All but my wife have 4 years degrees with no student loans. We all have supplemented medical through work and decent benefits. But I know so many people who have a lot of skills, worked hard and still saw their jobs leave when their employers moved to a free trade, low wage country. I have a lot of strong protectionist views.  
These and other life experiences, education and readings have colored my view of the world. I'm ignorant about far more than I am knowledgeable about. People consider the word ignorant to be a negative term, but we are all ignorant about many things. I know virtually nothing about brain surgery, rocket science, astronomy, physics or most advanced sciences. My level of ignorance about those subjects is vast. I'm a news hound and enjoy researching topics I become interested in. I enjoy current events around the world. I like following the money to understand a main facet driving war, or allowing and even supporting such short term thinking about the environment and the profit some can suck from it in the short term, with no regard for the very long term ecological cost. 
I 'm also a war gaming fan from the old Avalon Hill games like Squad Leader, and Eastern and Western Front. and miniature battle recreations in GameCons. Now I enjoy games like EU3 and SPWINWW2 (A remake and expansion of the old Gary Grigsby Steel Panthers.) because they are more playable from the same computer or internal network and don't require all the setup. From a purely strategic angle, my view changes quite a bit about our global actions. No games can recreate the global fencing between nations and religious, racial, and philosophical differences creating variables in regional and global plans. Plus there is the influence of all sorts of special interest groups and individuals within a nation on their economy and relations with other nations. The global economy and banking system, religious extremism, nationalism, environment vs growth in the 3rd world, are all subjects that we could study and read thousands of papers on from experts explaining a variety of problems and their solutions. Each facet from that disco ball is worth a discussion like we've had. And would likely be as interesting. 




 Nor is Saudi Arabia, but like Pakistan they cast a blind eye to the powerful elements in their country and gov who do support terrorism. Bin Laden lived in Pakistan with full awareness by many throughout their gov. Powerful elements in the Saudi gov funded the terrorists for 9/11. If this was happening from Venezuela, we would have invaded them.  Instead we invade Afghanistan, where it just so happens we've been trying to build a pipeline for years. We being oligarchs from the west. And the pipeline is moving along quite nicely now.  
Yes, it is wrong to overthrow govs, as we've done throughout S. and C. America to protect companies like United Fruit. We purport to stand for freedom and human rights, which is window dressing. We support the most viscous dictators around the world and ridicule democratic countries who won't allow us to have their resources for pennies on the dollar. Look at countries like Dominican Republic and Haiti or Honduras and Panama, or Columbia and Chile. What kind of  life have we created for all but a few in those countries? These are countries we either put leaders in power or greatly influenced who was in power. We got sweet heart deals for their resources by lining the pockets of a few people. Now any future gov who challenges those long term corrupt and unfair deals is made a pariah. How our power manifested itself throughout the region, and continues to, shows our true colors. As does our silence about the sheiks behavior in the middle east. If we came right out and said, we're like China or Russia and we care more about the resources and strategic value of  a country than the people of the world, I would not have an argument. But when we hold ourselves up as the beacon of democracy and high regard for human rights, we also can't begrudge people who show the hypocrisy of what amounts to our Corporate Statement/Pledge.  
Democracy comes in many forms. It just means elected government, at its most base definition. As a republic, we do not have mob rules. Our system of checks and balances through the division of power is supposed to protect us from dictators.  We have a basis of laws that protects all equally. Well except slaves when we were created as a nation. Or gays now. And others in between; women, laborers, kids, fringe religions, etc. I can't think of any pure democracy where people vote on anchor laws every cycle. There are republics, parliament monarchies, theocracies, socialist, and all sorts of other flavors of democracy. Mob rule democracy is not something I am aware of in the world now or historically so I do not know what you mean by pure democracy.  
Yes, our country offers many opportunities. But Jose Mujica in Uruguay achieved the same thing from a lesser background. All throughout the world people are able to live their dreams. But if you are already born on 3rd base, your opportunities are far greater. I live in a city known for its bars and restaurants. There is one family that pretty much has their way when they want to open a new one. Everyone else spends 5  10 years jumping through hoops. And even then, it's extremely challenging. The same thing plays out in all levels of our gov, and all other govs around the world. Corruption helps those in power and with power more than the little guy trying to rise up.  
There have been hundreds of articles written by a wide range of people discussing how prophetic both authors were. In some areas we have grown beyond them and others are still in their infancy. To deny the similarities between the war on terrorism and what both authors describe requires a very narrow view of both.   




 People who have no opportunity are vulnerable to all sorts of shady employers. Read about people working on fishing boats, it's pretty much the same in some parts of the world as the Middle East and their construction firms. Recruiters promise them all sorts of things without telling them the costs. Once they are on the job, their ability to leave is extremely restricted.  
On the other hand, we're putting their living conditions in a western framework. They did not come from western living conditions. The poor in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, etc live in and eat worse than homeless trash divers in western cities. Those who survive can come back and get married and maybe start a little business or buy a little land. In their terms, it may be their only chance to survive at all. 




 Our allies in the Middle East show the hypocrisy of our concern for human rights around the globe. 




 It's a pure money grab. It's like the Olympics, billions spent to build an infrastructure that will help bankrupt a country later. In Qatar, they spend human lives instead of bankrupting their country like Greece, but they will still be left with empty stadiums like Brazil.  
A few people, the deciders, make millions to screw the people under them. And no lube is offered. 




 FIFA is an example of how the oligarchs think everyone else should be treated. We're all BIC lighters to use up. 




 Whistling the banjo solo from Deliverance 




 I realize the current war was not purely about oil and in 91 it was about destroying their military. There is a lot more about Iraq/Kuwait than most people know. Kuwait was stealing oil using slant oil wells that went into Iraq's reserves. All the big players said it was between the 2 of them. The manipulators wanted the results they got. Iraq's military was destroyed.  
You don't mention the Shiite/Sunni divide and how we've taken sides in that because of the power the Sheiks have in our gov, through their wealth. Or how that divide is a big cause of ISIS, the Taliban and most other Sunni funded groups. It is the Sunni's who caused 9/11 and most other Arab based terrorist attacks. It is also the Sunni side we have taken in their religious war. Once again, because of their oil money buying our gov.  
And using Israel as an example is bad form imo. They are the aggressors and we do not hold others to the same litmus paper we hold them to. Israel can have nukes, but no one else in the region. Having and using them are also 2 different things. Pakistan has them and they are one of the most unstable, terrorist funding  govs in the world. But they know, using them is the end of their country. Same for India and even Iran if they get one. What we don't like is nukes prevent other countries from attacking them. Being a bully is only effective until your victims get guns. Nukes on the global scale are based on the same reasoning the CCW groups use to allow them to carry guns. They are for their protection against aggressors.  
I also do not buy that Israel deserves or should have gotten Israel based on biblical text. "Our sky God says this is our land" being taken as legit is Monty Pythonish to me. Giving them a country is fine, but make it some place they actually currently live and have a population. Not in the backyard of their adversaries. Maybe England could have given them land, or the US, or even Germany since they were the most recent gov who wanted to wipe them out. Germany could have been forced to provide land for Jews, Gypsies and any other native group they wanted to kill off.  
I also believe there is irrefutable proof that about 90% of our wars/police actions we've been involved in, were to protect our access to resources in that region/country. About 9% were to protect strategic locations, and 1% were legit and used to knock down an aggressor with regional ambitions. Propaganda wise, it was always to protect the people or our allies.  
And to finish up with, The Project for the New American Century wrote the blueprint we are still following, in the mid 90's. Our 2 party system is not democracy. Funding our election system with money from the powerful only helps the powerful. We are an oligarhy under the guise of a democracy.  
I'm also not saying it is right or wrong. All of global politics is about creating the right lies to allow them to behave the way they want. We live in 1984 and Brave New World. Huxley and Orwell were more prophets than the writers of most religious texts. 




 My buddy just bought a house outside Flint for 16k and put another 15k redoing the roof, new siding, new drywall, plumbing, electrical, flooring, etc. He's a handy guy so he did a lot of the work. But for 32k he has a nice 1100 sq ft house and 2 car garage.  
edit - and over 2 acres. 




 I realized that. My response was more tongue in cheek than anything.  
You are right. Russia, Venezuela, Norway, England and other countries have increased their production and we are not as vulnerable to embargoes from the middle east. But oil is sold as a commodity on the global market. We import and export almost the same amount right now. Very few gas station chains get gas from only one country. Marathon has a huge local refinery and you see trucks of all manufacturers filling up there. Marathon gets the oil they refine from all over the world. Something like 30% of it is coming from shale in Alberta and the Dakotas.  
But ABSCAM was not about oil, it was about money and the Arabs ability to buy favors. It's like one of the top articles in /news about the gyrocopter pilot. Money poisons politics in our country and if you have enough money, you can turn our politicians into puppets. 




 http://www.teachat.com/viewtopic.php?p=194093  
It does not directly reference blue scale, but you may find their article informative and relevant. 




 Supposedly, Hefner was drinking coke all night and would not touch one that he did not open himself. Everyone pretty much knew you were getting dosed at that show. Hefner avoided it. 




 Did I say oil?  It's the money. The Koch's and Soros' don't have to give oil either to have their paid puppets do their will. 




 I agree with your statement, "they have not been less independent of Saudi oil in a century". 




 It's there. Earl Grey is a black tea. Constant Comment is another black tea not shown. They both add flavoring, like bergamot for Earl Grey and a variety of things in Constant Comment so they may be considered herbal, but the additional temp for the black tea leaves would make it out of range for them.  




 I've never used the pitcher or understood why they were used. I just read it's also called the fair cup. I had noticed how as you poured, each cup would be a bit darker than the previous cup. This allows everyone to have the pour blend, for lack of a better term.  
Thanks for piquing my interest and allowing me to learn something new.  
http://www.teavivre.com/info/how-to-use-gongfu-tea-set/ 




 Just as an aside; was it just a bagged tea, a restaurant specialty loose tea, or ...? Not mentioning the tea itself is more like something I see in /teaporn.  
Edit-typo 




 And the best I've been able to come up with in my trips to France is Kusmi tea. Sort of the Twinings of France. Since I've found this site, I hope to go back and try some of the shops people have talked about. 




 LMN  :-) 




 http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/06/14/america-s-allies-are-funding-isis.html  
Maybe if we can get our allies to quit funding them, we could make some inroads against their expansion.  Unfortunately, as ABSCAM proved, our gov is owned or rented by the oil sheiks. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/31/us-senate-intelligence-officials-nsa  
We've known about this for a long time. This linked article is from 2013. It's just that a vocal anti gov group in the US has decided this is bad now too, so it is getting more mainstream press time. 




 And for you to think most people know who owns their news source is ignorant imo. If someone put up a news article from RT or The Socialist news, the source would be questioned because people would rightly understand that the source has an agenda. Most people do not know The Washington Times is a Moonie newspaper. They guy who cuts my hair has a stack of them next to his chair for people to read. When I told him, he did not know, but he (this is important for what I am trying to point out) likes the angle they present their stories from. Yes, he is a hard core tea partier/Ayn Randian.
edit - typo 




 I'm a bird watcher so I have a lot of berry bushes and trees, that flower.  I am not seeing any bumblebees this year, which is unusual.  It's been bad the last few years, but not seeing any is scary unusual. 




 Washington Times is a Moonie owned newspaper. The Rev. Sun Yung Moon ran what was considered a cult until he built power up in our gov. It's like reading The Mormon News, or some other religious paper for news.  
Let the dv's commence but hopefully a few investigate and see the veracity of my comment. 




 Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.  
Diebold 




 I'd tell the world, 10% of us are going to die on X date. Who volunteers to be one of the 10%? You may have to turn people away. 




 The store is called TeaHaus in Ann Arbor Michigan 




 The Darjeelings I get are sold through Geschwendner. They have a Ligia and Steinhal estate Darjeelings that I find very nice. Not cheap, but very tasty. 




 Their Grand Yunnan was the best tea I had ever tasted until I tried TWG's Golden Needle Yunnan.  My last order of Grand Yunnan was not as good as previous orders.  Their shipping costs are very high.  
I would put them several steps above Teavana. 




 Excellent!  You now have my 2 favorite regions covered; Yunnan Province and Taiwan. 




 You can get 250g of Twinings for between 4 and 7 US. I think that is about as cheap as you get for loose tea. Harney and Sons is a bit more expensive and has a bit higher quality, but still pretty reasonable. I go through Yunnan Sourcing for a lot of my teas and I have found their prices very reasonable. 




 He's kind of like Bugs Bunny in that it's written on several levels. He jabs quite nicely at the stuff society does that is odd and inconsistent. 




 I've never seen their tea in any local shops. I see it on occasion in restaurants, but not in stores to buy. 




 I saw that it was still available in Australia and I looked around while I was there a couple of years ago, but I could not find it.  It is no longer imported into the US. I really like T2Tea in Melbourne so I tried their's and was fairly disappointed. I still have 90% of it in my tea cabinet. 




 IMO Vonnegut stands alone. There are other good satirists, but none like Kurt. I have really enjoyed Ben Elton's books. Both Gridlock and Stark have a similar flavor to Vonnegut's books. I also found Carl Haiisen to be a good satirist. And lastly, not someone people usually see as satire, Terry Pratchett. The Discworld series is very satirical and pokes hard at our current world. 




 Biography of George Bush 




 Their good teas are over priced and their flavored teas are not something I appreciate. I prefer whole leaf tea with no additives. 




 Each method gives a different flavor imo. I almost feel like I am wasting oolong by making it western style because it lends itself so well to multiple steepings. The first steep does not give the same character as other steepings. 




 Rinse with water after I've dumped out what I can. 




 Twinings used to make an excellent Russian Caravan. You can't find it in the states anymore and other brands have not appealed to me as much. I miss the unique flavor of that tea. 




