 Ummmm the ten commandments are not easy to understand??




Gods will is, please explain? 




 Blasphemy. 




 My big gripe is it is not true to one of the greastest books of all time, very untrue to the books plot making it a terrible movie 




 Gods word has to do with the gays, as its in writing in the book that claims to be gods' word. Gods will would be unanswered prayers. You are cleary missing the.....point. 




 You dont or didnt understand the ten commandments? 




 Do you understand the diary aspect of the movie? 




 The millions of religions claim to know the word of god, thats what a specific religion is. I dont claim god is easy to understand, religous people do.




Are the ten commandments not considered the word of god? 




 Is the flair not to specify your discussion? Thats what it says when you are picking one making the post, and also so one could easily spot or filter though the threads to find which religion specifically being debated, see the side bar. Thats what the flair for your post is there for lol




The word of Gods' should have a personal meaning not the flair. The flair should indicate the specific god. 




 What im asking is pretty common place amoung christians. You always hear, well thats the will of god and we do not understand gods will 




 What was the reasoning behind unanswered prayers or loved ones premature deaths? 




 Use a personal definition 




 Did you, when your prayers went unanswered apply the will of god that couldnt be understood, or a premature family members death etc? 




 Millions of intrepertations claim to know the word of gods meaning and what it intends you to do 




 I dont understand comments like those, its got a personal meaning or it doesnt, the "word of god". You answer how you understand it. Same type of poster who never gives an answer and hangs on technicalities. 




 Its got the christian flair..... 









 There is a big difference in the fleur de lis and confederate flag. But if your just saying the situation is similar i can see that 




 Semi Pro, movie is hilarious 




 The count of Monte Cristo. 




 The jinx 




 People are raising questions and are in the early stages that appear an attempt to ban will be made at some point, and some already are.





They have other historians claiming the exact opposite.  




 Weed, ever looked at the back of a dollar bill? Ever looked at the back of a dollar bill......on WEED MAN? 




 Smart water 




 Ohh... I already adressed that non sense, i thought you were saying FDL is a symbol of white power. 









 That kind of reasoning is nonsensical. The Fleur de lis doesnt represent white power.  




 I respect yours as well, but im trying to understand it. What you are saying doesnt make alot sense to me. 




 Coming from an eagles fan is weird. 




 For one hes got more playmakers on def. What are you basing "talent" on? Lucks' team stacked with weapons last year. Plus he got beat so bad look like he shouldnt even been there.  




 Exactly. Jacksonville lucky to have a coach show up at this point. 




 Colts are loaded doesnt mean Luck is better, yet. Brady just torched one of the best def in history in the SB, after destroying the colts. I cant stand brady but i dont see how going into 2015 luck being better is justified. Maybe after 2015 is under way but going into....idk bout that.




To be fair, you rip Ryan for his playoff record, Lucks' aint anything special either. 




 Bum 




 Isaac newton, combine his knowledge with the technological advances today, possibilities would be endless 




 Learn to read tablature. Very easy compared to reading sheet music. Get you into playing the type of music and songs you want to play




And Practice. But spend 70% of your time praticing scales, runs, chords, etc that do not come easy. Spend most of your time on things that dont come easily you will see vast improvements quicker and the rest of the time on song you have mastered, scales, etc




This is how i started, self taught. Once you master reading basic tabs, get a book called speed kills. Helped vastly with picking, finger strength, dexterity, etc 




 Ummm ok..... 




 Its pointless in the fact it, residuals, have no effect on why they would continue making movies after sucessfull ones. Your first reply was a technicality in this reference frame.





Your second was to confirm opinion on most actors receiving residuals which was to my comment most actors do not. Taking into effect all the extras small roles, etc in tv film and independent, it is more reasonable to assume that most do not. This also irrelavant imo.




Again if residuals is a small sum, it would have no effect on the topic at hand. I feel instead of trying to catch me on a technicality, which has no real bearing on the topic, just make your own post that goes directly to OP, so imo unproductive as we are literally back to where we started, but to each his own.




Furthermore my example, were you aware beforehand if the Godfather was a union shoot? 




 A residual is not a major sum.





The point to the OP is just because your movie makes a billion dollars doesnt mean you become a billionare, ie you make a few good movies doesnt mean you stop working. You are hanging on a technicality, a weak one, and its unproductive to the topic at hand. 




 Not possible to keep a potential billion dollar buisness a secret 




 What? Your statement is a little contradictory, no? 




 Ewww.....  




 Moving away from family- easy, friends-tough 




 Yep. Add light salt and pepper.




Dont overseason, or put any season salt on the steak. You ruin the flavor of the steak if you do 




 I was told not to drink and drive. A couple days in jail and 5grand later i learned....... 




 None




All 




 Yes this is suppose to happen by 2025. It could be a new team or jacksonville might be sent.



There are alot of games with losing teams that dont get close to selling out. Its been proven shitty teams in london sell out a bigger stadium regardless but it seems logical this will fade over time 




 Didnt this already happen, slavery no longer exist. 




 Work hard, Play hard, Fuck hard and if you can be of help to anyone, race gender size, then you must. 




 Big dick pills. If they worked 100% of guys would be on big dick pills 




 Hey joe Jimi hendrix. Its about an envy raged murder 




 Nichole brown and Ron goldman. Ohh wait......





Seriously, jon benet ramsey is insane. The body found in her own house, the murder weapon, highly suspious ransom note, etc How this could not be solved is beyond me 




 Right about the same time i realized my mother is crazy. How could he marry this crazy individual, hes fucking crazy too 




 So you are saying this behavior developed overtime as well? If so ill buy that 




 Lol, agreed. But kind of petty to dislike someone i dont interact with on that basis, right? Maybe not 




 Idk bout cats being protective. Dogs are pack animals and view you as their pack. Consquently security got to step up when theres a baby on the way 




 Band of gyspys. My only knock on hendrix is his voice occasionly. Well this band Buddy miles splits vocals with him its amazing.




Check out the song "who knows" 




 I crashed at a band members house, one room house. A girl who was staying at his house he wanted to fuck(not dating) came on to me and we started fooling around, so he got pissed and separated us, lol bizarre right. Had her sleep in his bed, him on the bedroom floor and me on the couch.




That morning he went to work, i then went into the bedroom to see if she was still "down". She was, we started fooling around, then i realized it was about to take the next step. Feeling weird about being in his bed, i brought her to the kitchen and fucked her there. 




 Zanex 




 Same reaon i hate rats. Pests the can potentially infect you with disease or make you sick at the very least 




 Im like Jackie Moon, i never throw up but i also have never been hit in the jujuno(lol this cant be right spelling) 




 Grilled burgers served with potato salad 




 Tom Brady. He just seems like a dick 




 Darelle Revis, speaking team contracts only 




 
I wouldnt recommend stealing but times can get rough....n i mean rough




1.Being careful cautious and knowledgeable on how a theif would be caught in the specific store and particlar situation




2.Dont open a business 




 Point still stands 




 Isnt a haiku 3 lines? 




 That wouldnt make any sense. Adding one team compared to 30? 




 The Hurricane, a total unjust 




 There are exceptions but the majority dont.  




 I wish more people thought like this. 




 Blasphemy 




 Reservoir dogs. Will leave you speechless.





Dont know if this would be shown in a film class but could teach or show a few things about movies to you




1.How to make a legendary film on a low budget




2.Power of the script




3.You dont have to spell everything out to the auidence. Its about a bank robbery you never actually see




4.The importance of casting actors that relate together as opposed to most talented




5.Power of the script 




 Guitar, its my lifeblood 




 Dress like you are going for an interview. It makes a difference. 




 Actors are usually paid a flat sum for the movie, they dont get royalties. So al pacino say made 10 grand for the Godfather, thats it. He dont make money after the movie is released.





Bad movies usually will overpay big names to get people to watch the movie. Sometimes sucessful actors try to expand their horizon and try new genres they are unfamilar with and pick a shiity movie in their ignorance. Actors could sign on to a movie with a great script and the director bombs. In jack and jill maybe it was a favor to sandler 




 Thats why i dont complain about franchise and dont understand when they do. The last few years have been so much better after years of no progress 




 Find the island is covered in weed plants and beautiful horny women, and right as i enter the field with my new big breasted best friend..... alarm clock goes off 




 Ali preparing for Foreman. His sparing sessions were literally Ali taking a beaten(purposely).  




 Well id have to disagree they are runningt he world, maybe the internet, but i get your point.




At least you agree the fluer de lis being a symbol of racism is non sense. A much bigger issue than just saint fans 




 SJWs? 




 Fair enough. I could give a couple reasons for you but mostly system is flawed.





1 Ever get fired as a head coach and take a new offer else where? When you do your upcoming free agents are all unhappy(w/e it is they say when a player rejects your contract and cant be offered another one). So to say the computer rarely offers big money to these players, and replaces them with new ones, there are exceptions dealing with age and pos. Also notice some of the biggest FAs can be picked up on one year deals after the draft, first FAs group after




2.When you start moving picks around, teams are more likely to use those picks to fill needs as opposed to FA, and also teams take this into account with expiring contracts




3.All contracts in madden are front loaded. Meaning the later years of the contract is when you pay the most money so the first 3-4 years can be a breeze cap wise before a clean house process is forced and does happen 




 Lol sounds about right. In its basic premise pretty fascinating though




Every read the simalirillion, or any tolkien(ties into string theory)? Well anyway tolkiens middle earth universe is created by music, ie vibrations. Very similar to string theory and this book was written like 70 years ago 




 Your question would lead any reasonable person to assume otherwise....... 




 Familar with string theory? 




 Yea we all do. But the exploits are a ton less than they use to be is my point. You use to be able to switch a 99ovr qbs' position to a 65ovr db during the signing process, and sign the qb for nothing then switch him back, etc 




Im not concerned about your team, im answering your question about the cap 




 
He was obssesed with colors at one point. He was using a prism to experiment with light. White light goes in, rainbow colored lights come out. He made the assumption that the prism acted as a separator of white light. So effectively saying white light was a combination of all colors.



It gets more techincal but thats about what i know 




 Fast break or snickers ice cream bar if that applies 




 Im just saying there is reasons why you have those players and are reasonably capped.





The trade/contract system is flawed but nowhere near as bad as before. 5 years ago it was so much worse 




 Why the social network? I feel like this is one of those multiple choice questions, "Which one doesnt fit?" 




 Primer is a mind bender to say the least




My fav is The prestige 




 Einsteins theory of general relativity is amazing. One of the best discoveries of the human mind, period.





Newtons white light theory is pretty mind boggling 




 You clear up space in those trades. Plus the amount of picks especially 1st rounders have a direct effect on your cap 




 That will only work if hes in the last year of his contract 




 Did you do a fantasy draft? 




 SJB wont be worth a shit, at least early on. Keenan lewis + BB, with vaccarro in the slot, thats some nastiness. User SBJ at SS 




 In court right before judge layed out his sentence. Nothing major, but it was unclear if i would get jail time to the very end, long ass minute. 




 Creationism 




 Kind of a pointless thread then, right? I know who is on the team lol 




 Thats not instrumental 




 Yes, both. La villa strangiato is great too





Check out Rodrigo y gabriella  doing a cover of stairway to heaven on youtube. One of the best instrumentals and could be a better version than the original, seriously 




 I think that the reason Chris is such an exceptional debater is because he was around someone 24/7 that could dish it back for most of his early life. He implies that during the debate.




Check it out tell me what you think.




When they get to the topic of the existance of God chris starts with, "Well i dont need 10 minutes to disprove God!". Classic. Whatever side you are on, gotta crack a smile, classic Hitch. 




 I think this is relavent to the thread. I find it interesting and may have never known about this. I find the implication ludicrous and quite stupid but interesting that an attempt is being made.




What are OPs thoughts? 




 Is this based on upcoming stats for madden or assumptions?




Should be able to play high pressure def and press our dbs, gotta be a 1st for saints in madden.  




 I agree with C hitchens for most of this debate, including his iraq war stance. But its not really a massacre, Peter hitchens is a bright dude, just as brillant as Chris imo but is literally polar opposite of chris, and i favor chris so i like him more. One of the best, maybe The best debate, ive ever seen, and i watch a ton of debates. 




 Female human 




 Drug addiction to certain drugs is deadly. Take heroin, a long time users' body will create a dependency so strong it can kill you if you stop cold turkey, unlike chocolate. In severe cases methadone is prescribed to a herion addict to ween them off the drug slowly and safely, never heard of that with chocalate fienes.




Yes in most cases its psycological OP, but certain drugs can cause a dependency in your body so severe your body can go into shock and shutdown. 




