 http://i.imgur.com/auqJJ2V.png 




 I'll hop aboard the Edmonton train!
 




 Try etsy, it's got tons of cool handmade gamer/geek merch
 




 I thought that was Razer with the trampstamp logo?
 




 Na but out of common courtesy I don't use my blues out in public.
 




 I go off on them every time I finally beat one "Not so tough now you lil bitch! Fuck you and your pussy-ass knockbacks! 




 Undead burg, first playthrough. Somehow missed the Taurus Demon fog but had the master key and thought I had to get past Havel to proceed. Died soo many times
 




 I love the Psychopass OST so much
 




 I got a magnet! And she rubbed it on her vag first...
 




 Really? Must be a generational thing, I'm from Edmonton and i've never heard anything but strippers 




 I totally believe it, will give it a go next time i'm on
 




 lol really?
the internet... 




 wow I never knew that either, thanks man!
 




 yes 




 420
 




 My dad threw out all my lego when I was about 13 or 14, including this set :(

Thanks for the memories, glad to see this again!
 




 It is
 




 Love em, they look so surreal, like miniatures. The Las Vegas strip even reminds me of a motherboard
 




 Today, yes. But do you really think the same laws apply in the fictional fantasy world they live in? 
Are you also expecting they hand out j-walking tickets and battery charges too? It was just a different time..
 




 I am the Dank Lord, Lord of Dank, and I sit at the top of the throne with my gold and silver laurel of hempen leaves and a regal emerald cloak with brilliant ermine trim and silver lining.

At the foot of my throne are my two most loyal protectors, the great and formidable knights Sir Maxime Le Bouclier, Royal Aegis to the Hempen King, and Sir Eric Faucille, The Righteous Eradicator. Both are inhumanly large and wear highly ornate steel armour in the style of late 15th century German Gothic plate. 

As you may have guessed, they fight along side one another as a defender and aggressor, respectively. Sir Maxime bears a great bell mace and gigantic greatshield carved with all of the dope conquests of the Dank Lord, while Sir Eric wields a huge (15') halberd with a intricately carved axe blade on the top bearing the shape of a great hemp leaf. Both bear the kingdoms crest, a golden hemp leaf created using only the most sacred of geometry, upon their jet black tunics.

Beneath them is the Divine Cleric Aitor Laux, the greatest magic healer and sacred summoner in the kingdom. Very little possess magic, and he has been trained from a young age by members of the royal court to only use his magic for the good of the kingdom and his fellow subjects. He does not wear robes because even magic users find plate armour too dank to resist in my kingdom. 

Finally, we get to the main army. At the top is General Staffan Auriculaire, who is at the forefront of leading the Royal Aurian Knights into battle. His right hand man is known only as Sigha, and is one of the most deadly assassins in the realm. He is not known to make appearances on the battleground, but will oft be found alone and outnumbered deep within enemy territory, only to return intact and with his mission carried out. He is one of very few in the Royal Order exempt from wearing the standard royal plate armour, opting instead for tight fitting and dark armour of fine shadowmail, doing little to impede body movement while still offering great protection and camouflage. 

The Royal Aurian Knights are an order of dank knights recruited from every corner of the kingdom. In addition to the standard plate armour and kite shield, the lower ranking knights wear a great helm and carry maces, pikes, axes, and bows. The higher ranking knights wear an ornate bassinet helmet and generally are armed with greatswords and lances or rapiers and bucklers. In addition to the combat gear, each knight also carries a simple wooden gandalf pipe and a fat bag of loud.





   




 Jokes on you! I had to buy my SLR for school waay before I got into mechs
 




 yikes
 




 when did Hobbes turn into a black kid?
 




 but is it?
 




 don't forget about the mech keyboards though!
 




 Care to elaborate or just don't like moving?
 









 ah i'm on 360 but I don't have live anyhow. Appreciate the offer though!
 




 Ok.
 




 Seriously. Fuck this place. This is just a rage/rant post so if you're looking for introspective discussion look elsewhere but damn. I'm a high str melee build and this place has made me rage quit like twice tonight. I haven't really had any real problems with DS2 yet but the bleeding from the aberrations + homing magic missiles combo in the obstacle ridden water proves too much for this heavy armour knight. If only I had the rusted iron ring... 
 




 Perpetually in character
 




 "We want applicants who exercise at least 15 hours a week and watch less than 4 hours of tv per week"

Soo like time travellers from pre-1970?
 




 At first i'm like damn I'd wanna live in a modern castle coding community! But then I read the rules and realized what kind of people we're dealing with. No thanks.
 




 lol is this real life
 




 tight man super cool! 
 




 Nice design but unless you have a really practical use for candles it's ultimately more clutter.
 




 Strava bike app. I used to have such a hard time getting motivated on my days off to just go outside and exercise. Now with weekly goals and daily tracking it's like ongoing videogame stats and I'm hooked on exercise, even if it's only so there's no blank entries on the app.

edit: grammar


 




 They don't even make it in the colour! Regular guys don't even have the balls to drive a car like that. 




 I like your style mate. Nice chair and keyboard.
 




 Your lack of bezels gets me hard
 




 I was wondering how far i'd have to scroll to find a Dark Souls reference
 




 I love mechs but damn this is so tacky/hipster
 




 instant rave! 
 




 Sounds just like northern Alberta.
 




 Contractors.
 




 As a current gamestop employee, lol @ people who think we all keep up with industry news like it's our life.
 




 *DJ set not live set, fuck so faded
 









 Helms Deep breach. Not so much a curtain wall as it was a fortress, but still..
 




 Pretty sure it's a WoW reference
 




 For me it was "A Dark Tower" 




 Lol I feel like thats why Dark Souls is so well received. It's a game about western fantasy tropes made by Japanese people, so they kinda fucked it all up in the best way possible. It has a certain degree of familiarity but the formula has also been shook up enough that you have no idea what to expect. 




 ugh she is the worst type of parent. Demonstrates she's a bad parent by leaving her kids unattended in public, then demonizes anyone who talks to them without knowing what it was about. Maybe that's the reason WHY good parents don't leave their children unattended.  




 I work at a game store and I have to be careful around the demo systems for this reason. Yes lady, the reason why i'm over here is clearly because I have the irresistible urge to molest your ugly little kid and not because he's fucking ruining our controllers and getting popcorn all over the store.


 




 Love her and the movie. Only thing that irked me was the macbook. 




 Thank you! Looking at the structure I thought it was waaay too large and advanced for WWI era construction.  




 Word
 




 I've always been enamoured with the nightlife of the future. I like techno a lot, and I imagine in the future techno clubs (not EDM, there's a difference) will be vastly more popular, especially in North America. 

So while high tech automation deals with lots of the monotonous aspects of daily life, this frees up a lot of time for artists/musicians and party goers, leading to a more developed and sophisticated nightlife culture.
 




 Looks alright but to be honest I can't stand that style of character design. Makes me feel like i'm playing a little girls fashion accessorizing game or something, just doesn't fit the genre.  




 JPs real life inspiration
 




 You seem to like the hypnotic stuff just like me
 




 great taste!
 




 If you're into the Berlin scene definitely definitely check out Reclaim Your City podcast, some top notch mixes from the depths of the underground.
 




 yeah the first gate they'd have to cross is already like 3 stories high and the glowing door is another good ways from that..
 




