 What an adorable little theocratic despot. 




 Yep. I don't know where they expect poor cripples to live. The streets, I guess. Fuck us. 




 God, it would be great if more places had handicap accessible housing.  




 I can't wait to find out he's in the poorhouse. Tell me he's in the poorhouse. 




 You make a solid case. 




 You'll hear no argument from me on the whole basic income thing. I've seen the science and sociology behind it. You're preaching to the converted. 

I'm not sure about your approach to mental problems however. Gradual reintroduction facilitated by a clinic system would likely be a better solution. This way, those who cannot be reintroduced are given a safe place to be treated and kept out of harm's way. 




 Something stupid. 




 I'd watch that. 




 On the face of it, yes. However, government and charitable services in most areas have already got their hands full with the housed poor in public housing and section 8. Very few places have anything left over for the homeless.

Ideally, we should close tax loopholes for the bourgeoisie, cut military funding, and use the surplus to fund mental health clinics and social services and education so that the homeless problem can be dealt with in the long term; but the powers that be have decided that this won't be done. Therefore, I stand by my belief that feeding the homeless isn't necessarily a good idea. A short term solution is to donate whatever you can to your local homeless shelter and community centers. 




 Even with food stamps and disability, I'm still barely making it. Being disabled, it would be awesome to have better job prospects or single payer healthcare, but fuck the working and disabled poor I guess.


AMA or whatever. 




 To be objective, doesn't feeding homeless people regularly draw in more from surrounding areas, putting more strain on local resources? 




 Georgia Florida water war, as well.

Fuck your clams, Florida. Fuck em. 




 It Follows would've been the perfect name for a sequel to Stephen King's It. 




 What's the difference between good abstract art and bad abstract art? Honestly. Once art stops looking even remotely like things, it becomes impossible to critique objectively. Really, it's hacks like Pollock's fault. 




 THE KING THU'UMED HIS HEAD. LEFT HIM BROKEN AND DEAD. 




 Wheelchair user, here. Why not put some money into fixing ramps and the rest into exoskeletons? I'd love better ramps in the short term, but you know what would be fucking better? Walking. I'm not sure what kind of chair user wouldn't want to walk, but that ain't me or anyone I've ever met. 




 Isn't this the sort of shit that when it happens in Russia and China, we point to it as signs of their systems collapsing? You would think people would care more about this person's sacrifice. 




 Isn't your legal record under 18 sealed in most US jurisdictions? 




 Ah. I was looking at it through ImageZoom and the caption didn't go that far. Still, my point stands. I get that these are localizing comics to fit the context of the Indian issue, but why don't Indians just draw their own cartoons? 




 Yeah, I work self checkout. I never listen to the damned things. The voice on the machines just turns into a loud, continuous droning after a while. It's dreadful. 




 Is cheaper, but only KGB can afford rokk. 




 I'm an attendant on one of those self checkout things. When I'm not too busy, I totally notice. I just don't paid enough to care. Seriously, no one does. Also, we have like one LP person who is never there and she's the only one authorized to directly intercede, so even if I told a manager or something it would be sort of pointless.

Tl;dr Yeah, we know those aren't bananas. Enjoy your discounted produce all the same. 




 For real. Why not use the originals? These are all clearly stolen. 




 That's a small ass pic. 




  Atl standards

If a place in Atlanta isn't walkable by Atlanta standards, then it isn't walkable. 




 Well, healthcare really does have no business being a capitalist enterprise. It's madness to expect services which are essential to people's being able to live to be subject to market forces. 




 We can use the leftover John Wayne footage to start a talk show. 




 F-Faygo? You're the Faygo! 




 If anybody is still reading this, I'd like to take a moment to plug my friends, [Modern Front.](http://www.modernfrontmusic.com/) They're quite talented, I think, and they've got a lot of enthusiasm for their craft. 




 It's why I use 'the' for the Ukraine. Dropping it feels arbitrary and it honestly sounds a whole lot better that way. 




 So is the mother brain damaged? I think I missed something.  




 Because Poroshenko isn't just another corrupt, capitalist oligarch at all. Maidan wasn't a farcical waste of blood, sweat and tears, either. 




 Saying 'the' doesn't take anything away from their sovereignty. I mean, there's THE Philippines and THE United States. The insistence borders on insecurity, if you ask me. 




 The Ukraine sounds better, though. 




 Does anyone know when international tourists are going to be let in? As an American, I'd love to see Crimea. 




 Is it really annexing if most Crimeans have been wanting to rejoin Russia since the Ukraine became independent? I wouldn't call it that, personally. 




 Well, I don't work at THAT Kroger, but anybody who works retail long enough will eventually become death seven times on the inside.  




 Seems that way, comrade. Seems that way. 




 So much for regabiliting Murder Kroger's image. I work at Kroger and all that Beltline nonsense seems to have stopped floating around. 




 I had assumed those were newly composed Prometheans at the time. It's been a while since I played Halo 4 and I always thought the Prometheans were rubbish anyway, so I may be wrong. 




 Georgia, here, too. I remember Roy and Sunny's flag debacle all too well. 




 So sad, but you are absolutely right. 




 But they're both great symbols. We shouldn't let bigots ruin swastikas or rebel flags for the rest of us. We should stop being offended. 




 The Battle Flag didn't always carry such connotations, however, and that's what I'm railing against. It used to be a symbol of rebelliousness and of the South and then racists had to go and ruin it for people. I mean, look at how it was flown by US troops in WWII and Vietnam and you'll see what I mean. It wasn't always so hateful in the post Civil War era. 




 I'm with you there. Name me an ethically sound megacorporation and I'll show you a green dog. 




 Ah. For some reason I had thought that the Quebecois had a flag wholly distinct from the provincial flag. I was wrong. Anyway, the South should have a flag because we're culturally distinct from the North. We've got a distinctive dialect, cuisine, styles of music and more. We've got a rich cultural history distinct from the rest of America and in most places, that's enough to warrant a flag. 

That you look down on the South as simply being distinct for slavery is rather telling of how much you know about us. I mean, by this *flawless* logic: 

The only difference between the South and North was slavery, so any flag that separates the South from the rest of the country will be looked at with considerable disdain. A regional flag would be looked at as a desire to be separate from the rest of the country, which is a pretty shitty message to send considering the reason for doing it the last time.

German nationalism is a bad thing, considering what it caused *last time.* American patriotism is a bad thing because of what it's caused. The South deserves a flag just as much as the US and Germany do, I think. You've not given me a single compelling reason why we don't. 




 But don't you see! That's not ours to tamper with! Never mind that we're improving crop yields and increasing disease resistance! /s

(FWIW, Monsanto et al do have some pretty deplorable business practices.) 




 I thought some piece of post war canon said that the Ark survived. The ecosystem has been fucked beyond belief, but the structural integrity of the station as a whole is more or less sound. Given long enough, monitors and sentinels will likely get it back up and running and churn out Installation 04 C. I'm sure that's Forerunner protocol.

Also, as Prometheans are tied to the Didact, I highly doubt they're anywhere to be found but Requiem.  




 Hardly seems morally superior, given its history.

Besides, the South is a distinctive cultural region. Cultural regions typically have flags - Quebec, for example.  




 The inclusion of Ayers Rock makes it feel much more Australian. I don't generally like Union Flag replacements, but this one is solid. Good on you. 




 The Stars and Bars is the one I wish we'd go after, especially since it's seen by many states as a benign replacement for the Southern cross. I mean, it was the first symbol of the Confederate government - a group that was pretty objectively bigoted and awful. It just sort of sucks that the South doesn't get to have a flag that isn't mired in controversy. 




 I agree with many of these, but the idea that we can have clean, sustainable development in the short term without nuclear power is idealist and foolish. The key is doing it safely. It can be done, but oversight of the strictist nature is needed in nuclear plants. 




 Probably the latter. Time was that it wasn't so racially charged and was just seen as a symbol of devil may care rebelliousness. Ever see the Muppet Movie? In the background of the carnival scene, there are all these kids waving Confederate battle flags.

I really wish we could go back to having such a carefree attitude about it. Maybe push the negativity onto the Confederate *national* flag, instead. 




 If you want to work in the business, but don't want to work - just whine about sexism. That'll get you in. 




 You should post this to /r/fantheories 




 The warm embrace of Khorne, brother. 




 Fair enough. You're pretty much right on the money, for what it's worth, if you were imagining that I come from a Lost Cause promoting background. I still rather like the South and the Confederate flag, even if we'd function poorly as a country and we revolted over slavery. It's just a shame that we were fairly objectively the bad guys, there. I mean, the North were genocidal, imperialist terrorists; so I don't guess there are any good guys in that war. 




 Plenty of other people said exactly what you did, though. Pardon my curiousity, but it seems sort of unneeded. 




 Not to be rude, but this thread is days old and other people already replied. Why push the point further? 




 This. I don't mind kids at all if they're not obnoxious and behave themselves. I'd never have one or anything, but if they're well behaved and respectful of their elders then that's just fine.

Such children are certainly the exception rather than the rule, however. 




 Yeah, I'm calling bullshit on it too. You almost wonder if he had a street name like that because he knew court personel using the word nigger would set people off. 




 Not to mention whenever I see or hear "the N word" it just reminds me of when everyone's in kindergarten, you know? There's that one snitch who rats people out for saying "the D word" or something. But that's strictly a pet peeve.  




 Bloomberg is so slimy. I find this move hard to trust. 




 Agreed. I believe the government should help the needy and prevent discrimination. Beyond that, I want them to leave everyone alone.  




 In that same vein, /r/Sharktits. 




 Doesn't censoring the word just make it look like we're all afraid of it? We can say the word 'nigger' when we're condemning it. It's a word. It only has as much power as it's given. That it was censored so many times in the article struck me as childish. 




 Is this a Chriddof video? 




 [*Woooooooooooooooooosh*](https://youtu.be/W8gLCBEF348) 




 Enclave =/= temple 




 They're also too chicken shit to actually do anything about gun laws that need to go away (looking at you NFA classification laws) because then people might stop paying dues. I love guns, but the NRA can go right ahead and fuck themselves. 




 Odd, the connotation that liberal has. It seems like it should mean one who wants to be left alone to do whatever, not someone who believes in laws protecting equality and social safety nets for the disadvantaged. It makes identifying myself politically rather tricky, from a strictly semantic point of view. 




 This subreddit fills me with such hope for the human race. 




 If someone doesn't believe in a magic sky baby, they're clearly bad in the sack. 




 And a large portion would rather be Russian than gravitate towards Europe. That should say something, too.

Oh, and I believe they already had access to that infrastructure under the terms of the lease of Crimea anyway. I could be wrong. 




 Nah, that's too reasonable for this thread. 




 Siezing? Most Crimeans didn't even want to be a part of the Ukraine and wanted to rejoin Russia. That's been pretty widely known since at least 1992. Agree with the Russians or not, they liberated Crimea. 




 When will people stop trusting Ukrainian sources? They're just as biased, if not moreso, than Russian sources. 




 I'm going to share that one with him. It'll amuse the hell out of him, I'm sure. 




 True story, backed up by my grandma and his album of pics from the occupation in Japan: he made Tech Sgt (or some other rate, I can't recall which at the moment) three times. He would often fight and box off hours and get busted down as a reprimand when their unit commander found out. Made decent money at it and to this day has good bone structure, so I imagine he was really good at it. 

So Hirohito had plenty to be afraid of. 




 That's a tough pill to swallow without reputable citations. Everything I ever heard made it sound like the man was against slavery.

Edit: meant to say 'without citation.' 




 My grandpa had me convinced that Japan surrendered not due to the Atom Bomb, but due to the fact that Hirohito heard he was coming. I was well into Kindergarten by the time I wised up. 




 I'm pretty sure he also wanted nothing but reconciliation after the war and had respect on both sides of the Mason Dixon at the time. I'm not sure OP is right about him not being a good guy. He just loved Virginia more than he loved the US and saw himself as raising arms in his state's defense. 














 So it is. 




 Seems I never heard their Republican anthem either. Damn, that's badass. 




 Nah. I've got one leg. It's nothing terrifying. I'm talking about his face. It's much more terrifying than I've every seen it on the show. That's a rape face.

Okay, maybe it's *as* terrifying as the show. 




 I'm not denying that Russia's helping them out *a lot* more than they're admitting, but I think that the rebel movement did indeed start out from within. After all, Russians in Donetsk have been campaigning for independence [since December, 2005](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donetsk_Republic_%28political_party%29); so it's not without merit. People had obviously wanted it from within, so it really matters little if Russia is helping them out.

Similarly, most Crimeans wanted no involvement with Kiev since 1992. What Russia did there was liberation, not annexation. The people wanted it, so Kiev's opinion is really moot.

With all that said, Russia's play in Novorossiya is really quite difficult to predict. Many experts in the field of defense analysis see them as wanting to fuel a perpetual destabilization of the region, a-la Abkhazia, Ossetia or Transnistria, in order to keep the Ukraine as a buffer state, as are Georgia (which I really wish we'd call Sakartvelo in English, but that's another matter) and Moldavia. Others see Putin as a Hitler-esque landgrabber who will add every former Soviet republic back into Russia and cement his place amongst the Tsars and Premiers.

It's really hard what to tell. He's made a lot of moves in a lot of different directions. I believe he thinks he's doing what's best for ethnic and linguistic Russians all over Eastern Europe and sees himself as a protector and restorer of [Greater Rus'](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_Russia). There's no doubt that he's deeply patriotic and his strong moral initiatives, however deeply wrong and misguided they may be, show a deep desire to guide the future of Russian society. 

My prediction is that if he could, he'd bring Russia's borders back to where they were in 1917. Since that's incredibly unrealistic, however, he'll likely be content to sieze parts of the former Soviet Union and destabilize neighboring countries as deeply as possible to keep NATO off his border while expanding the membership of [CSTO](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_Security_Treaty_Organization), the [EEU](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurasian_Economic_Union), and the [CIS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_Independent_States) while expanding Russia's role and prestige within these groups for as long as he possibly can. The extent of that timeframe, however, is something I have no projections for.  




 Very likely. They're already listening to [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJcXzoFhBmM), anyway. All three, however, are more stirring and inspiring than the dour and depressing (though admittedly, emotional) anthem of the Ukraine, [Ukraine is Not Yet Dead.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzgViS4Rpf8) 




 But that sounds like rape. 




 A golden rock god? 









 Dennis looks absolutely terrifying. 




 I've always really liked the [National Anthem of the Donetsk People's Republic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sL-_S_HH3pw) Many wouldn't consider it a real country, however, which is sort of sad to me. 




 I thought there was no better anthem than that of the [Donetsk People's Republic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sL-_S_HH3pw) I was wrong. What is it with former Soviet lands and badass national anthems? 




 Well, if you have any suggestions on how to better run this sub, you're welcome to submit a mod message. You're rather quick to denounce us, but we care just as much about quality as you do, I assure you. The problem is that if we go about pruning posts and removing things, we inevitably draw the ire of groups like /r/subredditcancer and the like. 

So again, if you have a better system, we'd love to hear it. Shoot us a mod message.  




 I don't see what's so awful about it. Isn't that how voting in user submitted content aggregators is supposed to work? 




 Maybe people just like guns? I don't know. Reddit has always stricken me as pro-gun. I'm not all that surprised. 

Speaking of not surprised, I thought that this sub being mostly white was something of an open secret. 




 That's an adequate sentiment. I'm pretty sure camouflaging munitions flies in the face of some treaty or another, but I'm also pretty sure Russian armed forces weren't a party to said treaty. 

Anyway, I wasn't aware of such a kill record for the Bradley, but considering how many of them we had in theater and how outdated Iraqi armor was, I could quite believe it.

And you know, thinking about it, a lightly armored, upgunned, high speed tank that could be dropped out of a low flying C-130 to assist airborne infantry in rapidly destroying hostile objectives would be a sterling idea. I'd quite like to see that. It would be much more persistent than CAS missions or drone cover and the psychological impact of tanks in infantry warfare would make it a splendid piece of backup to augment any air deployed mission.

The only problem I could see would be getting it past acquisitions without having them butcher the thing.

Again, armchair military enthusiast. You probably know more about such things than I. Thanks for your service, by the way. 




 Brigaded as fuck? The submission is sitting on 3,583 points! That's hardly brigaded. 




 Got any lines for The Master? 




 If it's getting upvotes, that means someone's finding it creepy. If it's awful, report it. If enough people report it, we'll pull it. 




 People complained, we removed it. If it ain't creepy, report it. If enough people report it, it's gone. In this way, we can all work together to keep things creepy. 




 It's fine as a light tank, I guess, but isn't its place in modern doctrine somewhat dubious? Light tanks aren't really a thing. Their role has been filled by so many other systems that the whole armor thing was surrendered to main battle tanks. Therefore, the Bradley hasn't really got a tactical niche available to it that it can really excel in.

At least, that's my completely unprofessional armchair general evaluation. 




 Sure. This is a widespread and well known fact.

http://rt.com/usa/230707-guns-minority-bloomberg-newyork/

http://www.breitbart.com/video/2015/02/16/listen-audio-of-bloombergs-minorities-and-gun-control-remarks-from-aspen/

The guy is a bigoted loon and his remarks show what I think is great insight into his thinking. Oh, and when you consider that most gun laws in the United States were enacted as tools to keep slaves and freedmen from liberating and protecting themselves, it doesn't set the best moral foundation for gun control as a movement.

NINJA EDIT: Let's not forget that these anti gun campaigners have armed bodyguards and famed anti gunner Dianne Feinstein not only owns a revolver but even has a concealed weapons permit. I think they just want to keep guns out of the hands of common people, the same sort of people who just so happen to often be asian, black, brown, and of other non-white ethnicities. Gun control is far more racist than gun rights. 




 Get this guy ten percent more votes! Maybe he can summon Exodia for us. 




 Also, Michael Bloomberg - a famed anti gun advocate - supports disarming black people. OP seems to have misidentified the racists when it comes to the gun rights debate. 




 And there's no one there to raise them if you did. 




 Huh. Yeah, it's identical. 




 Thank you! 




 Kind of looks like something from Xenogears or maybe Sword Art Online. 




 Probably worked at a call center. I had no problem with making calls before I worked at a call center. Afterwards, I'd sooner dip my balls in molten lead than make a phone call. 




 [/r/nocontext](http://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/31hvfs/i_can_not_believe_the_post_became_about_peter/)
 









 The poor, dysfunctional Bradley. Meanwhile, BMPs are still chugging along just swimmingly. 




 Miskatonic U! Good to see my old alma mater is still pushing the thresholds of man's sciences and drawing back the veil of ignorance. 

Say, did the geology school ever release the report on that lost arctic expedition? 




 Nah. Star Insurance have been *so good* about letting people get to the game. I mean, it's not like it took us forever to get it rereleased, right? 




 Card paper, enamel, and bondo in my experience. 




 I really enjoyed this. I hope you don't mind, but as an aspiring voice over artist I wanted to try narrating it. [What do you think?](http://vocaroo.com/i/s0cN8uXOE2RH) 




 If you want to be technical, this difference is mostly academic to some Greeks. Indeed, many Greeks see themselves as the true and proper heirs to the Roman legacy. In fact, [an accepted ethnic self descriptor for the Greek people](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_of_the_Greeks#Romans_.28.E1.BF.AC.CF.89.CE.BC.CE.B1.E1.BF.96.CE.BF.CE.B9.29) is Rhomaioi, which descends from Rome. 




 Shouldn't it say "returned" to Greek control? It was Byzantine before it was Ottoman, after all. 




 Inspired by [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2v74dc/reddit_what_would_be_the_worst_2_in_1_product_ever/cof0qlr) thread some time ago. 




 There was anti-black sentiment everywhere. Still is. The South is just a lot easier to pin it on because it was much, much more visible here and because the Klan was founded here and lingered here a bit longer than it did in the Northeast. That's not to say that the north was free of racism, however. You've seen [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynching#/media/File:ThomasShippAbramSmith.jpg) famous picture of a lynching, right? Marion, Indiana. 1930. 

Further, Martin Luther King, Jr led a famous march against housing discrimination (again, the main form it seems that non-Southern racism seemed to take) in Chicago, delivering this quote:

"Northern blacks were forced to live in a white man's democracy, and while not legally enslaved, subject to definition by their race. In their all-black communities, they continued to build their own churches and schools and to develop vigilance committees to protect members of the black community from hostility and violence."

[Here is a Wikipedia citation that has further examples of yankee racism.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racial_segregation_in_the_United_States#In_the_North)

Now, again, publicly overt racism did linger a while longer in the South and persists still today in many parts south of the Mason-Dixon. However, the stereotyping of the South as the only racist region of the US is tremendously unfair to the region and all that we've done to bury these outmoded social mores.

I'd like to wager that we've come a long way, at least in my home state of Georgia. We've had black mayors in Atlanta for many years, black politicians elsewhere in the state, many of our wealthy and famous citizens are black, and we also sort of gave the world Martin Luther King, Jr. 

But this is all with somewhat scant research and just based off of conversations I've had with my grandparents about the era. While my expertise is history, I tend not to study social forces and racial dynamics as much as I study military history (principally of the US as a whole, the South, and Europe), so I will freely admit that I've got some details wrong. Therefore, you shouldn't consider this authoritative by any means. After all, I don't consider the Confederate battle flag by itself to be an evil thing and many take umbrage with that. (Note: the Confederate *national* flag is another matter and we really made a step backwards in Georgia by replacing our old flag with that.) That's another discussion, however, and I'm willing to bet that my premise of widespread racism is still quite certainly sound. 


Ninja edit: wow, that ended up being a longer rant than I thought it would be. 




 They certainly did in the north. They seemed to have a problem with that everywhere. But they didn't seem to get upset with how much money they had as long as black people weren't near them or around them. 

In the South, where pretty much everyone was poor anyway, it didn't seem to matter as much how close they lived - just as long as they weren't better off than white people *EDIT: or pursuing relationships with whites*. From what I've read and heard told, northerners were much more keen on keeping white parts of town white than that. But not knowing any old people from the north, I can't independently verify that. I just have my grandparents' stories to go off of. 




 Easy there, psycho. 




 I have heard it said that the north was just as bad as the South with racism, it was just expressed differently. In the South, for example, they wouldn't care how close black people got but it mattered how high they got. The inverse was true in the north. 

But that's just what I've heard.  




 That it does. 




 I want a prototype Soviet bullpup. Those things look awesome. 




 Kiev Post

Reliable journalism

Pick one. 

Still, it would be nice to see Novorossiya split off. They and Crimea clearly want no part of Kiev and the western half of the country's move towards the West. Why should they be dragged along? Slava Novorossiya. Slava Donbass. 




 And it's time for me to rewatch another show. 




 Not to mention that the Star Wars missile shield's efficacy is extremely dubious at best, at least according to several skeptical analyses. It's essentially a feel good tax pit. I mean, it takes the finest minds in rocket science to come up with solutions for taking out satellites with fixed orbits. That we could knock a MIRV ICBM out of the sky - fast moving, unpredictable missiles with variable targeting, mind you - is a very fanciful notion. 




 Many thanks. And good luck with your eye child, doctor.  




 Just another day. I've been on it since yesterday. It's not some sort of religious thing or anything, but my girlfriend is out of town and my own cooking is sufficient to make Chef Excellence himself retch, so I decided to see it as an opportunity to test myself and save the money that would ordinarily go to takeout for more constructive things.  




 It ain't a test of will for nothing, that's for sure. Many thanks! 




 And not a one of them was built before 1987. Shoutout to /r/RetroFuturism.  




 It's sort of the era when firearms technology wasn't *quite* fully matured, so we still saw a lot of experimentation and whatnot. Even cooler were some of the Soviet bullpup designs of roughly the same era. (Later, sure, but as I said - rough.) I mean, [look](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ee/TKB-011_rifle_1963_mod_Tula_State_Arms_museum.jpg) [at](http://41.media.tumblr.com/7a72e28a1515ba0c05c2bc27b8e75a19/tumblr_mt4turqlda1s57vgxo5_1280.jpg) [these](http://41.media.tumblr.com/47a9c5766f8652bdc6973df59d3a0377/tumblr_mt4turqlda1s57vgxo3_1280.jpg) [fucking](http://i.imgur.com/XJiuspE.jpg) [things!](http://i.imgur.com/OWju4GN.jpg) 




 I sort of wish they had, though. There were some really interesting prototypical weapons concepts floating around in 1959. 




 I'm not quite sure where to ask this, but this may be the best fit. Has anyone seen any reliable sites crop up with Donetsk People's Republic, Lugansk People's Republic, or Novorossiya conflict artifacts? I'm interested principally in flags, patches, and medals. 

As a side note, I've been looking for Transnistria militaria, too. 




 To be fair, we haven't totally phased it out. Yeah, it's in a DMR role now, but it's still used.

Also, perhaps they didn't think to use a prop futuristic rifle? 




 Go for it. 




 I enjoy raw potatoes, as well. I peel, and slice, and salt. Difference is, I soak them in boiling oil for a while. Makes all the difference in the world. 




 They defraud people. Torture isn't wholly unwarranted. 




 A gentleman I once knew worked in law enforcement. He told me to answer unusual phone numbers with "task force" or some variant thereof. It's sufficiently vague to make scammers shit themselves and go away - possibly delisting you, but not concrete enough to be incriminating or a legal offense. 




 I am a huge fan of Ashens - have been for years. Recently, I decided that as a test of will I'd go on a fast. Well, times got tough. In search of reinforcement to my fortitude, I turned to the [All Day Breakfast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aueah-mOjDI) review. And then to the 30 Year Old Food Parcel. And so on in that fashion.

Fast saved.

You're a champ, Ashens. Keep doing what you do with your ungodly, cast iron stomach.  




 We should give her a euphemism for a dash of the ol' damnatio memoriae. BW is a good jumping off point. I vote Butt Wipe. Anybody got anything better? 




 Fuck pollen, I want winter back. 




 That works better as a gif, I think. 




 I love that gif. What's the source? 




 That is some top tier body horror. Damn. 




 Got a lex link?
 




 Shemaghs? 




 But the magic of black! 




 What we need to bring back is utility vests. 




