 If people would vote with their money instead of voting for an article on Reddit maybe Verizon and AT T would listen. If you upvoted this link from a Verizon device you are directly contributing to the problem. "I don't have a choice" doesn't fly. 




 Dexter tracks Lecter to a busy hospital before realizing Lecter is hunting him. Only one of them leave the hospital alive. Who survives? 









 Genie wishes Galactus can only sing Backstreet Boys songs, nothing else. Match over. 









 Genie is completely free. 









 Implied powers from comics and movies included. 




 Random encounter in a deserted forest 




 Bruce Wayne. Not Batman. 




 Cage match. Hanging throughout cage is one katana, one bo staff and one small knife. No other weapons or armor allowed. 




 City street fight 




 All breeds, including in the wild, suddenly go to war. Who wins? 




 White guys were the OGs of illegal immigration. 




 Two square mile deserted wooded island, only one leaves alive. 














 Street fight, opponents run into each other unexpectedly 




 Lots of states don't require permits for conceal carry? 









 Street fight, Wayne has no Batman gear to utilize and no formal weapons with him. Turtles and Splinter have their respective weaponry. 




 Saudi Arabia dictates virtually the entire economy of the western world. By the simple act of refusing to reduce production, OPEC smashed the profit lines of every single western energy company and has so far, since October 2014, sent numerous shale oil producers into bankruptcy in the US alone. 




 All other nations remain absolute neutral with no involvement. Documented military capability only, no assumptions. US team is A, Russia team B. Who would win in this WWIII scenario? 




 WW travels to Neo Tokyo for vacation and is attacked. 









 http://www.yale.edu/ynhti/curriculum/units/1980/2/80.02.07.x.html

If you ever want to educate yourself on the subject you are clearly completely ignorant of, start here. Then debate it. While your approach of arguing without facts is unfortunately growing in popularity, I'd advise against it personally. But to each their own. 




 I'd also like to point out, these were uncovered with a mortar and pestle, several knives, source flint and a large knapped flint piece over a foot in length within a three foot spot as we were uprooting a dead tree. I cleared the debris, photographed and labeled the site with compass and GPS detail and stopped digging. The historical society is sending a contact to the property to assess and continue excavation. Thanks to the person who commented, I felt I should add that information less I am confronted by another baseless accusation. 




 I did document the entire dig and have since turned it over to the state historical society. Congrats, you're quick to wrong judgement and failed miserably. 




 Confrontation in downtown New York, Hulk is surrounded in a surprise ambush by the Pokemon militia. Could they defeat him? 









 not sure if serious.jpg 




 If each of them developed a plan to destroy the other, who would most likely survive? 




 Running a sweatshop. 




 Fight takes place in Paddys Pub, to the death, using anything found in the pub on more than one episode. Who survives? 




 1. Bourne would decimate Ali so badly ancient ancestors of Ali would simultaneously feel blinding pain.
2. Same
3. Same
4. Same
5. Ali would last longer because Bourne would kill Wayne before the bell stopped ringing 




 Mac OS mech would look the best but it's tight jeans and scarf would cause it problems. Windows Mech would crash repeatedly.

Linux would harvest their souls. 




 Ayn Rand loses at life. Outmatched in intellect by the metal dog, she blames everyone else for her failures and flees leaving only the others playing. 




 Action wins. Pens and paper burn by the action of arson. 




 Mountaintop fight  



















 Superman ambushed in city street, does not know any of these people or what their powers are in advance 




 Fighting in open field 









 To the death battle in a forest, no assistance from outside characters, Frodo does not possess the Ring for this fight. 




 Fight takes place in Times Square on New Years eve 




 Fight takes place in Brainiacs ship 




 Fighting takes place in desert scenario 




 One day to prepare, fight is in a city street 









 2 team street brawl, no advance preparation 














 City street brawl 









 To the death, cage match 














 Fighting in an open field, no rules 









 It seems like every asp[ect of the car has evolved, but the tire has remained essentially the same for decades. Environmental concerns aside, they are dangerous in that they can explode, flatten etc. It seems like someone would have developed an alternative to this. Is there a reason we haven't changed to some other form of tire? 









 Thank you! 









 To the death, only one can survive. 









 Arena match, gladiator style. 




 Any other info? 




 Open air street brawl, characters forgive storyline rivalries to work together, everyone in at once. 









 If people are only allowed to discuss what they are considered "expert" in, New ideas would practically cease to exist and innovation would die. 




 "Climate change movement". That's like saying "Round earth movement" or "gravity movement". Science isn't a movement. The idiots that dispute it, however, are certainly one in my book. 




 This is propaganda to rally support around sinking the one act that protects us from paying for another bank bailout. The Dodd Frank act is not anti gun. It's anti bank bailout. The fact they are going this far to get people to turn on it does it's working.

Before believing this crap and knee jerking to it, think about it. You are being played right now. I'm a firm supporter of gun owners rights and I see through this B.S. immediately. 









 Calling me a conspiracy theorist for believing oil is a factor in war is like calling me a conspiracy theorist for believing water sustains life. 




 Your comment has more edge than a U2 album. 




 When drinks cost more than dignity, theaters have gone too far. 




 This is brilliant. This has absolutely never been done by millions of people every day.  




 Watching Dexter doesn't make you a forensic expert. And meat packing plants undergo health inspections constantly. Human blood would be detected. 




 This will never work in a venue worth visiting. Ever. 




 My experience, scummy people work at Dunkin Donuts. 




 They run into one another in a subway station and start fighting. No rules, no one helping either of them. 




 Dignity? 




 Street brawl, anything goes. 









 Personally, I think these responses appear to be incorrect. Groupon is actually not making money. It's losing money on a massive scale. But that fact aside, they do not charge marketing fees up front, and advertising is an indirect profiting mechanism. They typically promise businesses an increase in revenue in exchange for a cut of the revenue they bring. There is a significant problem with this business model, they don't pay up front meaning businesses provide the service, Groupon collects the money and businesses do not get the money immediately. 

Businesses essentially front the service and are paid by Groupon in lump sum afterwards. For some businesses this is fine, for others, this is difficult to manage. The criticism lately is that often businesses find the increase in customers does not cover the loss of revenue between fronting the service and the decreased rate of said service provided.

 









 Honestly, if they are fed enough Kardashian in between news breaks, I think they'll go along with anything at this point. 




 Probably? You either have facts specific to your claim or you don't. Which is it? 




 Based on what data? 




 Virginia is open carry and you don't see that anywhere. It's a responsibility that could be abused, sure, but the facts show it isn't. Dumbasses with drivers licenses concern me far more. A drunk college student with keys in his hand is a much scarier scenario. Any responsibility can be abused. Living in fear of that possibility or placing unnecessary restrictions on the whole to try and prevent these abuses is absurd. 




 "to stupid"

My sides. 




 Meant to address to the tisajc alt. 




 Is it not true? Is Boehner not doing this? Is it made up? 




 I thought the same thing. They prevented Obama from helping the majority of this country for 6 years, 4 of which they based their principle behavior on the act of absolute obstruction and now they pledge themselves at the feet of a foreign leader? It honestly does sound treasonous.  




 This. 




 Good. I'm a democrat. I'm liberal on many things, like protecting myself. I'm confused why this is even an issue - people should have that right. Someone who intends to rampage with a weapon is going to do it whether the weapon is legal to possess at the time or not. Those of us who would prefer to have the chance to survive the rampage should have the option. 




 And privatize the remains, yep. But he apparently feels appeasing interests of US citizens is second to appeasing interests of a war-mongering leader of a foreign country. 














 That would be amazing. 




 Average 7 year old is around 50 lb. As strong as he is, he couldn't survive a pile-on. If they just started swarming him, what would he do? His ethics alone would make him hesitate to strike first, so they'll definitely get the first moves in. 




 Cage match. Everyone in at the same time. Wayne has nothing, the swarm of girls have writing instruments. 




 They blocked our President for 6 years and are now promising legislation to the leader of a foreign power. I can't find any precedent for this ever occurring in the US. Or any other country for that matter. It sounds almost  like a form of treason when read in plain context with no fluff. 









 The new title is stupid as shit. 




 Being dropped in a pool of acid would be quick but would also suck. 




 I've read that the brain can continue interpreting signals for up to 30 minutes after a beheading, so that kind of scares me. I do not want to sit in  some basket thinking "this sucks" for thirty minutes before I go... 




 This sounds....absolutely amazing. 




 Assassination. If someone has to go through that much trouble to cut me off quickly, I did something really awesome. 









 I did not know that. I'd think that's pretty telling... 




 I'd think he would be a huge disappoint to his donors as well. I could be wrong, I don't live in LA, but from the perspective of one who lives in the north east, he has achieved nothing but negative sentiment and only appears to get a headline when he has something outrageously stupid to say. 




 Ego. Like Romney, he honestly thinks he has a chance. He surrounds himself in yes men, only watches Fox News and has constructed a house of mirrors around himself. It's really pathetic. 









 Homeschooling is making a great deal of sense to me all of a sudden. 




 I see the educational system is still horrible a decade after I escaped from it.  




