 this post turned me into a tumblr girl because i seriously can't even 




 For me the only interesting parts were with the dinosaurs and the creation of life. Amazing cinematography. 




 Cloud Atlas. Too much was going on and I didn't give enough of a shit to keep up. 




 When you have your headphones in and they get yanked out for some reason, like you were walking and they got caught on a table. It just makes me so mad and I don't know why! 




 I thought I was in /r/circlejerk for a second... 
























 I hate people that leave the seat up when they spray their period blood all over the toilet. 




 Thank you very much, I've got it working as I wanted now! 




 Hello folks, I am pretty new to after effects so bear with me. 

I followed [this guy's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx0bKB9aL08) tutorial on how to make smoke in after effects, using the particle playground effect. So I got my desired smoke effect, and all is well, except for one problem. At the start of my 5 second composition, there is no smoke, but as you play the composition, the smoke emerges from the position at which I put the producer (or whatever you call the point of origin for the particles). What I want is for the smoke to already be at its maximum height at the start of the composition. I can't figure out how to do that. 

I hope you guys understand what I mean by that, and if not, I'll add screenshots from my composition. Can anyone help me out and let me know how to make it so that the smoke is already at maximum height at the start of my composition?

Thanks in advance. 
























 [The Snow Leopard Rises](http://i.imgur.com/hvFzULp.jpg) 




 Thas a very good saying, ok?
 




 We finally got an answer for Holden Caufield 









 They exist, I just don't own any. Good suggestion though, I will swap it out if I can get my hands on some. 




 Some crackers and brie cheese, and Mario Kart.  




 /r/iamverysmart 




 Why didn't the other guy just get it? He was much closer. 




 -- Apoorv 




 Ah, I see. Interesting, thanks. 




 Is it just me or do those imperials look like toddlers? 




 Hey are you that guy from Warlizard gaming forum? 




 My favourite is definitely the one where Luke is fighting Darth Vader and seems to wearing a Star-Lord-esque breathing apparatus. 




 I thought I was in /r/circlejerk for a second... 




 My mom bought be the Slave 1 for mine, I can't wait to build it! 




 I have to send this to my history teacher, he's a big SW fan. 




 Thanks, means a lot! 




 I made em a while ago so I don't completely remember but I believe Magnemite, Kabutops, Cyndaquil and Typhlosion are the ones not copied from someone else. 




 Some designs are by me and some were just copied from pictures I found on the internet. They're meant to be at a size compatible with minifigs. Also, sorry for the crappy phone camera quality. 









 I think posting anything from 9gag should be considered cheating 




 How do you stay humble? 




 Reminds me of a joke by Creed from the Office... 




 I bet the Imitation Game was comedy to this #mathgenius 




 "Sorry my friend took my phone and sent that, haha!"
 




 the lore 




 A real human bean 




