







































 Damn you're right... Had to look at it a few times... And here I was thinking it was real...  
























 I had this in San Diego at one of the bars in Hillcrest, the guy will make it for free if you mention it to him because he's so proud of his creation. also /r/EAF 




 it's actually from an episode of my strange addiction where her addiction was snorting baby powder. she would snort it all day and her house was covered in baby powder... unexpectedly they took her to a doctor who found she was totally healthy... it's also the same episode about the guy who was in a committed relationship with his car. it's one of the funniest 22minutes of television i've ever seen.  




 /r/eaf 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 i mean... ponies exist.. he could fulfill his dream.  




 *confused* 









 Love this post.  




 Um... Copyright infringement?? 









 /r/EAF 









 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 It started as a thought... Then it transformed into an idea.. Then a dream.... What? They drove past a mall? 




 I feel like such a winner after watching that.  




 I literally asked myself "Is that Godzilla?" and then I read your text "Yes, this is Godzilla." I burst out laughing, kudos OP.  



















 For those confused. It's interactive. Click where you want to go in the picture.  









 You look sickening, though.  




 This is drag, hunty.  




 Yes that looks retarded but I died at the Angry Birds moment. I'm laughing as I type this. It was so stupid and hilarious.. 
























 Finally there will be a good Blurred Lines spoof. FINALLY.  




 Ugly, physically disgusting people, who you know and would under any normal circumstances shudder at the thought of having sex with, masterbate thinking about you.  




 No, it's AUSTIN POWAHS!!!!! 




 How many vaginas? 




 Hahah no!!! I wish... I didn't mean it as me!  









 that was disturbing...  









 I would buy the words Heisenberg but I don't like the skeleton face... I know others will but I'm not a misfits fan and it's just creepy to me. Consider doing a short print of the just Heisenberg text. I'm sure they'll sell.  




 Seconded. 




 Come in little children, I won't rape you. :-) 




 huh 




 He might even just be showing off but regardless it's EAF.  




 The description of Hot is very WTF.  




 /r/EAF... Epic as fuck.  




 Yeah... That shit is the fucking bomb.. Especially down on 40th street late at night.  









 What kind of funny? Like clever funny? 




 Seriously..  




 Are you the rollerblader? 




 There are Zoophiles who get off on Dolphins the most..  
























 It looks delicious.  




 That's not a rip-off. It's the Official Blurred Lines violin remake. I heard Robin Thicke loves it.  




 EGSS ACT LEE 












































 Yeah..... OK. 




 I was crying here over the death of walt and jesse's friendship. So fucking tragic. 




 Ur good. 




 Let's be real here people. That was one of the best episodes of the show ever by far. So fucking fucking fucking fucking amazing. Vince Gilligan is a fucking genius. 




 Such a pimp. 




 But seriously... HOW FUCKING EPIC IS THIS 




 At one point I yelled "How could you!" And then I started crying when I realized Walt and Jesse used to be friends and now it's all over, and then I started crying when the nazis showed up. I just can't.  




 "Coward" - Heisenberg 




 Fuck Marie too.  
























 The greatest. Him and Mr. Ford. GAWD WHY CAN'T THIS SHOW BE BACK ALREADY?! 




 I think that it was Uncle George even though he doesn't finish the final juh sound, they probably just don't finish some words... I really don't know.  




 just.... why... i'm so disappointed in myself for clicking it again... then starring at it... and trying to understand... just... i'll never know... AMA request: person who castrated themselves.. still im depressed. oh god. why. 




 hearing the devil 




 Still cute though.  









 More info please. Hilarious though.  


































 He can't believe how nervous he is? WTF. Just wtf...  




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 









 That's just rubber and glue, right?  




 Damn that was funny.  




 You're missing a pic of Jesse Pinkman.  




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 









 /r/EAF 




 That's not the same as the gif. In the gif he flips backward whereas in the vid he flip frontward. Still EAF.  
























 Holy fuck that was INSANE. Adrenaline was shooting through my body just from watching it.  




 It's the Hogwarts phone line. 














