 That might be the greatest statement made today.  Thank you sir. 









 I see what you did there, hahaha.... "Place"..  haha 




 Pretty cool.  I'm not a fan of the red (not downing it, just my own personal preference) but the front wheel plays well with the fender.  I also like the continuation of the black streak along the entirety of the bike.  I can tell whoever worked on it put a lot of love and care (and cash) into it 




 Thanks for the info, I've always wondered.  I'll keep my eye on the website and Fatbook.  Anything new or interesting coming up for the dyna family? 




 Good deal, thanks 




 Great ride.  Educate me (I simply don't know) war sets it apart as "California" style? 




 Any chance for an old style up swept fishtail exhaust for the modern dyna family?  I love the old school style but the new performance. 




 TIL Monica Lewinsky is now kind of hot.... kind of... 




 I started on a Honda 750 ACE.  I got it when I was 19 and it was the perfect starter bike (for me at least)  750cc engine with a 5 speed got me around well even on the highway but lacked a lot of low end power.  In my case, the lack of power was for the better.  I was a first time rider off in my own.  Gave me a chance to learn to ride without the ability to do something stupid first. 









 Normally not a fan of the duece, but that's a pretty sweet looking bike. 




 You may possibly have the perfect body, just saying 














 Oh wow, You'll have it running in a few days then, congrats 




 Other than air filter or breather what needs work? 




 Much love to you, that's a fun bike and welcome to the family 




 ...my favorite bench 




 Good to know 




 I'm guessing because of the angle at which the tank sits? 




 The tank "lasts longer"?  Please elaborate. 




 If you do it post pics.  I'm curious how it looks on a  bagger 




 Seriously, if I had met you before, and met you after, I wouldn't know it's the same person  




 Check out jpcycles.com or the drag specialties fat book 




 Taste so good make a grown man cry 




 You're welcome.  What style of filter and breather are you going for? 




 I'm looking at starting school for nursing in the fall.  I have 3 semesters of prerecs' before I'm even applying to nursing school.  I was wondering if the Navy provides nursing school, or only accepts graduates?  Trying to explore all of my options and interested in serving. 




 I think it looks great.  Really brings back the old style.  Are you thinking of lower the back end at all, it me help bring the lines and shape together, make things more continuous... 




 Any loss is a victory.  25 lbs is also a big deal.  Keep on going. 




 He'll yeah it's the best place for kolaches.  God bless Texas 




 Slow Loris making a come back! 




 Probably too wide 




 And this is why the show is more intelligent than people give it credit for 




 N64 GoldenEye
Edit: all of puberty, most of highschool, and enough in college to lower my GPA .2 at least 




 I don't think it's down vote worthy,  but disagree.  Was their over acting....Sure, bit I think that scene was one of the better delivered scenes early on. 




 Sin Mint is still on tap at Whole Foods Park Lane.  No where near FW I know, but just letting folks know it's out there if they want it. 




 I had to do a shot and a beer to settle after watching it 




 Probably Jimmy Smitts greatest moment as an actor. 




 The final scene of Na Triobloidi: Jax screaming on his knees on the docks was a rough watch.

Also, What a Piece of Work Man Is:  The scene by the van where we see Tig saying goodbye and Happy crying.  There is something heart wrenching in the moments through the series when  see Happy crying or upset.  I think it's because both, so often he is the comic relief and also he is such a hardened, cold person.  Seeing the contrast is even more devestating. 




 After a few years in the industry if come to find out the ever elusive female craft brewer is a smoking hot ticket.  That's a job you have to be incredibly passionate about.  Educated and willing to do dirty work and get sweaty is also a must. 




 Chicago! I lived there for nine months during  their second worst winter about 4 years ago,  would kill to move back 




 How... wait.... wha.... I just... I dunno 




 I only see some In white  and someone in blue....? 




 A lady on the streets and a Sikh in the bed 




 I have my first "first date" in a long, long time coming up.  I live in Plano and am accustomed to going out in east Dallas.   My date lives in McKinney near Frisco and I'm looking for a unique idea of where to take her near her area.  She's not much of a drinker and a vegetarian, providing a very slight challenge to my normal night out to the pub.  Does anyone have good ideas? 




 Aww.....  I miss the 90's 




 Awesome bike, what's your up, out, and rake? 









 I know, it's a lot of nothing until the last three seconds,  then BAM 




 All I could hear in my head was, "3...2...1... WEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" 




 The amount of skill and control the person has over their knife is impressive. 7 years in kitchens and I've never seen that kind of control 




 Hey Highvolts, did you ever think when Bugs Bunny dressed up like a girl bunny,  that he was kind of hot?  




 My bad, saw the post of face book, chef friends were posting it there abs right redditv would enjoy 









 I'm having a hard time finding an app I like to keep track of my workout routine.  I just started working out and have an organized weekly schedule and routine for when I go in, but would to keep better track of weight, reps and sets. Using my phone would be nice.  Having a book and pen is one more thing to keep track of in the gym.  What does everyone here use? 




 I see the laptop pic, but where's the guy? 




 Hands down my favorite Clyde moment 




 Agreed about agnostics.  I've dated atheists before,  it was a brick wall, never again 




 I call BS on your theory, they both drive POS cars 




 ELI5 why everyone talks to me like I'm an idiot 




 TIL I must be God.  I cry, boobs appear AND I get fed!  I shit and someone else cleans it up.  Plus all of the big people place %100 of their focus on me. 




 It's not a tumor 




 It has been for me too.  But, if I were living in Chicago again where there's a Catholic Church in every neighborhood I would stress about it.  It's a little different here.   The number of Catholics in North Texas is reletively high per capita, but mostly due to a very aging population and immigrants coming from socially Catholic cultures. 




 I don't know if this particular problem rears it's myopic head all over, but I've noticed this problem over the last few years here in the Great state of Texas.  I'm a proud Catholic and have grown up here.  We have our fair share of Catholics here in the Dallas area, but I am still in the protestant bible belt none the less.

Due to my commitment to my career and odd schedule, I've had to resort to online dating.  I don't limit myself to only dating Catholic Women, but practicing Christian or Jewish is a must.

One problem I consistently run into is the narrow mindedness against the Catholic Church.  The best and most recent example I can give occurred last night.  I had been taking to this wonderful woman for a few days now and she apparently missed me identifying myself as Catholic on my profile.   Her response when I told her what church I attend was one of shock.  

She asked if I was only supposed to be dating someone who was Catholic.  I responded no, and that I wished to be married in the Catholic Church and raise my own children Catholic,  but she wouldn't have to convert.  Her response was that,  "She wouldn't want that for her children because catholicism is too extreme"  

I wasn't going to fight it.  I wasnt going to get into a conversation on apologetics.

I'm not sure how to handle this.   Die anyone else feel the adult dating challenges.  It has interfered with a previous long term relationship.  How do y'all handle dating outside of your faith? 

TL;DR I'm catholic,  facing challenges of not having a large dating pool of Catholic Women.  I date protestants and it doesn't work due to narrow mindedness on their part.  What do I do? 




 And what ever sploosh is for men.  Which I guess is just sploosh....  But with semen. 









 Oh please tell me this is going to /r/photoshopbattles 




 Global population control 




 I didn't so much in the beginning.   Her last two seasons when she started lying and causing problems I lost my likeness for her.  




 Lakewood Brewing Co. (Dallas, TX) The Temptress Imperial Milk Stout  




 It seems the more things advance,  the more stuff we have.   Anybody ever notice a household product that everyone owns that is really just a rip off or a scam? 




 This thread section is why I love reddit 




 Android user here.  With all of the vast amounts of free information on them internets, the play store can't be the only place to go for content.   Any body have any good resources.  I'm not looking for anything specific. 




 I've actuary said,  "Young people's music sucks" and meant it.  




 I had the same thought, would wet myself if that was the case 









 Hey look!  It's an old fat boy on an old Fat Boy......    sorry 




 I'm gonna dunk my balls in your mouth.  Your gonna gag, I'm gonna laugh, we'll be best friends forever. 




 Fuck Zach 




 Fucking Jenny 




 I'm so out of the loop with whatever Jenny is on reddit.  A l8nk to the OP would be nice. 

But Amy Thompson is a fucking whore. 




 The moment when suspicions are confirmed and you have proof your SO is cheating on you 




 Thanks, I haven't changed pillows but I'm washing all of my pillow covers tonight, I also wear a beanie when it's cold and a ball cap at work, washing those tonight as well. 









 Anyone know who's on the left? 




 That's exactly how I read it. 




 He actually did, I would say best short trimmed beard of the 80's 




 And fast, as if it were on some sort of highway 




 Kenny Loggins called....

Edit: Truth be told I'm a little jealous, my beard isn't that thick, keep it going. 




 My mom used to do that with chicken, broccoli, and cheddar.  I never would have thought to make a sandwich with out of it.  Awesome 




 Thank you 




 Thanks.  I've been focusing there too.  I've cut the fast food first and foremost.  I also drank my emotions away all through the month of December.  After making an ass out of myself at a NYE party I decided to stop drinking, at least until I've showed myself I don't need it.  I recently took up a job at whole foods.  That has helped me keep focus on what goes into my body.  




 Things got a little shitty for me this last year, but, at the risk of sounding cliche, today was my first new day.

Mid October I left home and moved across the country to be with my fiance'.  After moving to Arizona, giving up my promising job at one of the best new breweries in my area, and leaving all of my friends and family behind, I found my soon to be blushing bride not to be who  I thought she was.

Everything was wrong and I realized it 6 weeks into a new place.  I had found my fiance, the SheDevil as I now call her, sleeping with someone else.  As it turns out, she had been with him for the last five and a half years, and had been sleeping with him the duration of our two and a half year relationship.

I moved  home beaten down and alone.  I had given up my position at the brewery and my position had been filled.  But today I did something I hadn't done, but kept promising myself I'd do every day.  I got my ass up off the couch, did 15 push ups, 18 sit ups, and 18 squats.  I also ran 1.8 miles.

I know one day doesn't make a habit, neither does one week.  But realizing I can't commit to others who choose not to commit to me, I am now committing to myself instead.  Push ups, sit ups, squats and running every day.  

If I can do it depressed and 70 lbs. overweight, anyone can.  Keep pushing  




 Can't agree more.  Take it in to a local shop.  Ask other riders about good shops, maybe check out yelp.  I'd also recommend picking up a model and year correct service and parts manuals. 




 I vote you just watch the site and make an opinion for yourself.  If you don't like it, quit watching, I you do, watch it.  Do yourself a favor and stay off the sub.  People will fuck with you here, like subtly referencing Tig's fate. 




 I'm so I out of the reddit loop, didn't know this was a thing 




 I'm getting itchy to download some new music and I don't want to forget what to download while waiting for them to get back up and running. 




 So I recently made the choice to shave my head.  I'm going bald and pull off the bald and bearded look well.    I do however break out when I shave.  Most of it is on the site and behind the ears so visible to those around me.  When I don't shave I may have one or two if any pimples under my hair.  Any recommendations for a solution? 









 Meh, you can't expect much much more from someone who chose to be identified as "poopooslut" 




 Bless his heart indeed 




 I *sobbing gasp* just wanted a *sobbing gasp* division *deep breath* chaaaaaampionshiiiiiiiiiiiiip 




 I'm not disappointed in the Cowboys, quite the opposite.  I think they're growth this season was fantastic, including Jason Garrett's.  I'm disappointed in the calls, particularly the one, in today's game. 




 *sniffles* sometimes its good to cry *sniffles* 




 But he called a catch complete on the field.  NY replay office ruled it incomplete 




 Every replay I saw, the ball never got the ground.  But f*** it.  Still proud of the cowboys this year. 














 There's another app based program that is with looking into.  Is called 6 Weeks.  Its a conditioning program for push ups, sit ups, squats, dips, and pull ups.  Similar type of conditioning program as Couch to 5k 




 My ex has taken every single one of those photos, except you know, miss she's fat 




 Good being the key word 




 This is about the only way it happens.  Worked fur a dfw brewery for 2 years.  That's your only way in.  Be picky who you work for. 




