 Most definitely. They must have forgot they were supposed to be there when shooting and added them in for continuity sake. Although personally I think it would have been less jarring to just leave them out. 




 The reason they changed it originally was that they weren't allowed to show boobs. (Yes even cartoon boobs.) Funnily enough though they kept the boobs and just took away the woman. Censorship is weird.

And then the Halloween one is a female skeleton with boobs. Which was allowed.


So basically on television you are allowed dead skeleton boobs or floating boobs. 




 Curb Your Enthusiasm has a lot including Paul F. Tompkins and Scotty Aucks himself. 




 Especially since he went to see it. 




 And of course Hollywood Facts. My favourite of Scott's fake quizzes was when David Cross didn't realise that Hollywood Facts was a bit and he started arguing his answer was right. I think that was one of the last ones. 


And of course: Alive Or Dead- Dick Wolf?
Answer: Dead. His dick was eaten by a wolf. 









 And in at least one you die in the next 5 minutes. Who knows which one it will be.  




 Yeah, "trigger" trigger people who are sensitive to gun talk. 




 Below the what???? 




 I have to say the idea of Dan doing Minecraft videos is a very strange but also comforting feeling. Especially considering he seems to want to do Tutorials rather than Let's Plays. The fact that somebody who has a career in television still wants to take up a hobby in Internet entertainment tells a lot about the feeling doing that stuff does to people.  




 Nope. There are not yet any plans for the future. 




 She was an extra for that season though, right? 




 This is what I'm going to go with. She panicked and needed somewhere to hide the card so stuck it into a part of the van. 




 But just put the plastic over the top of the bottle. 




 I'd watch a Weekend At Bernies type idea with the president. The president dies and the others politicians have to convince terrorists he's alive. 









 I quite like If I Were You with Jake and Amir. Featuring earwolf guests like Ben Scwartz and Thomas Middleditch. 




 Sounds like there is going to be an origin story. 




 Downcast tells you what day a podcast uploads. 




 Imagine if they did that though. New extreme if remake. 




 Does this actually happen in real life to people? I've seen it in so many movies but I've never seen it in real life.
 









 Did you listen to the Season 3 writers room? I sort of want a weekly podcast where it's a new writers room for a different show every week.  




 Art Of Discourse is one of my favourites. It has my favourite Troy and Abed plots.  




 I actually have a genuine Torque question I want to ask. 




 This thing is going to be a lot UTU2TM references, which honestly I'm fine with. 




 Listening now! 




 I guess they don't have it anymore. They've been saying there going to let us pick flair for a while now so soon hopefully. 









 Can anyone confirm? I don't currently have US Netflix. 




 I think we have the plot for Justice League here. 




 Hitrecord.org could be an easy place to do this. 




 Nope second season. Bill Hader and Fourvel were the guests. 




 He put vhs effects on the cuts but not the actual video. It's not hard to run a video through a vcr. All you need is a vcr, a DVD player and a AV to USB cable. 




 Oh around the 20 minute mark. Unfortunately no uhh-ing but it is a little kid. 




 Cmon it's Jurassic Park, there is more than one famous line. Which one do you want? 




 Yeah maybe he got mixed up or he meant after they got the second season on ABC. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Scrubs_characters#Recurring_characters

I can't find any characters missing from the 8th season on this. Are you sure it wasn't the 9th season? 




 Well I meant the best Lizzie McGuire one. 




 It's first year to the end of fourth year I think.  




 The downvotes are especially rude considering she seems to be trying to answer as many questions as possible.  




 I heard that the lines in the "kiss" scene in JW was improvised. Also that there were other versions of the scene. I was wondering what happened in them?

Also shoutout to /r/earwolf! 




 Nah you can have a cunt if it's a lighthearted one.  




 That's the best fan theory I've ever read. 




 I feel like "NOT Farts" is going to be number 1 no matter what episodes come after this purely because of how much we loved Harris. Sort of like when the Oscars give an award for an actor who has died's last movie even if it wasn't really for that movie but the actor themselves.  




 You just made me realise my problem with Spontaneanation. It takes me a while to realise what's happening in the scene if I stop paying attention for a minute. Improv4Humans doesn't have this problem because of the short scenes. 




 When the stream went down as FIFA finally ended I lost it. 




