 It's actually not my problem at all .

I can absolutely deny your $100 bill because I can't break it and there isn't one thing you can do about it, aside from go elsewhere. 

If you're polite I will apologize and sincerely mean it. If you're an ass I'll be an ass too. 

Good luck finding a gas station that at midnight can comfortably break a 100 dollar bill. Gas stations are prime targets for robberies especially in the middle of the night. We drop our till down to $100 or less on a regular basis.

Of course you wouldn't know this if you come from a town of 2000 people. Welcome to the vast majority of the population of the world.

Cheers. 




 [I see your Bogan and raise you Appalachian Hillbilly]( https://youtu.be/03iwAY4KlIU ) 




 Annnndd this is how words completely lose their meaning and how nonsensical words are born ladies and gentlemen. 




 If you're talking about Tim Hortons, you could also be in say, metro Detroit. They're all over there too. 




 Just because they're claiming its a service dog doesn't mean its a service dog... they probably just feel entitled and want to bring it into Neiman Marcus with them so they claim its a service dog. 

In other words it has nothing to do with actual service dogs and everything to do with fussy entitled rich old bags. 




 http://imgur.com/uW8OMR5 




 Most of them to be honest. 




 German, English, Swedish, and American Indian. Probably some other stuff too but negligible. 




 I got my head slammed into a wall and it knocked out a tooth when I was around 14. Yes it hurt quite a lot. 

When I was around 10 I slipped in a locker room and broke another tooth in half on a bench. 




 You could be a born and raised American citizen and be knocked out and blindfolded and put in Toronto, and assuming whoever did this figured out a way to hide any written indication you were in Canada (like an Ontario license plate for example) and had entire city in on it, you'd probably never even know you weren't in America anymore. 




 HR immediately even if you're not worried about him personally do it for Julia cause this guy's a fuckin psycho. 




 Wait.. Are you proposing we bump uglies? 




 I grew up with a guy that lied constantly about the dumbest shit. Everyone knew he was full of it and the list could go on for days about the stories he made up but two stick out in my mind as particularly ridiculous. 

1. He insisted when we were about 16 that his uncle invented facebook and sold the concept for $2M but was never paid due to a legal technicality. He maintained this lie for probably 3 years before insisting he was "just joking".

2. He told us he was born in Mexico to high ranking cartel members and shot 3 times at age 5 before being put in witness protection and adopted by US citizens. He could not reveal the bullet wound scars because they were surgically removed to protect his identity and the cartel was still looking for him. 




 Actually I remember reddit reporting somewhere not long ago that the average age was something like 32 irrc. 




 My virginity. I lost it 12 years ago and haven't seen it since. 




 Just don't come into my gas station at 11:00pm and try to buy a single candy bar with a $100 bill and then bitch about how I don't have enough in my till to give you $99 in change in the middle of the night while still keeping enough for the next 20 transactions. 









 So he's in the business of advertising his insanity? 




 Austria. 

I read Australia, and wondered why on earth this would need a translation to a site that's English speaking dominated. I woke up too early. 




