 *Sigh* Some people just don't know how to read.
That's exactly why I said make it server sided, so the aimbot can't fetch whether it's real player or not. There's no way to know if it's a real player if it's server sided.

Here, I'll quote it for you -
 Just make it server sided

Please read next time, ty. 




 Like HLTV models in Cs 1.6. Just an option to disable animations in general. 




 Oh man if they did HLTV animation mode for CS:GO I would be so happy.
I don't know why.. 




 Airstuck, spinbot, bhop. 




 Don't get it? That's the same as adding additional players that aimbot could lock onto.

Just make it server sided, it's gonna eat some ping, but the results would be way less cheaters.

It would also make it obvious for Overwatch when someone randomly peeks at sky. (Where hitboxes would most likely be.)
There are ways to improve this method, I'm just saying it "technically".
 




 It's about time they add random hitboxes around the map to screw over aimbots.
Slowly.. We are regaining control. 




 Developers HATE him! 




 Well I'm stupid. Sorry then.

Although at this point I'd say that all of these techniques require skill, surf, rocket-jumping, bhoping. 




 By surfing you go for a goal.
From what I saw in that video it's just circling around a map to gain speed.
 




 Lucky Silver account smurf ace KappA 




 I'd suggest we get these cases based on accuracy of verdicts, the more accurate - The higher % of drops if any.
 




 Inb4 Griffins are not contraband and the Train changes are minor :( 




 I got scared at first, they told me everything. Now I'm happy to know that there is someone out there.

The difference is, a lot of people's encounters are either painful or emotional;

What I went through seemed more like an education. 




 I know that some alien races are known as shape-shifters, and they choose their visual form to make a minimal "scare" impact on abducted person.
They told me that there are more than one race visiting Earth, however, they personally make the contacts different each time to research abductee's activity. Basically, they are looking for optimal way to start a contact with humans, and this can take ages. Their concept of introducing us to alien life is gradual.
To put it short, through mass media consumption we get more and more "aware" of concept of aliens each day. Again, minimal impact.
If they tried to go for direct contact without helping at least bigger part of population understand the situation it would cause mass panic, which is not a good way to go.

When I came into the ship, like I said, there were a few displays. They know about us a lot.
They even told me they have these very small "drone" swarms in our ionosphere, they are super small and undetectable to radars. They usually stay at altitude where human technology is not orbiting.
They told me those "drones" are usually what you see in the sky during UFO sightings, it's not a triangle or a disk ship, it's the drone "swarms" that change form. They reflect sun light and gather energy from it, thus why they look white.
Some sightings show where one disk becomes two, it's the drones separating.
They even showed me the capabilities - They can cause natural events like artificial rain/clouds and even disrupt communications (they cause artificial clouds/rain if they are in large numbers). Also, they are very small and they work like cameras that can produce live feed.
It's creepy, I know.

What's even scarier is that they shown me one of those, and they are about a size of a penny or a coin. 




 I'm always open for skepticism, however, I'm not sure what mental state and psychology has to do with a hobby. 




 I don't mind graphics as long as they don't interrupt the game-play.
EDIT: Wow, getting disliked because GRAPHICSGAMEPLAY AMIRITE??? 




 Directly from video description -
Found this while working on my new map. I could just add a clip brush, but the same thing happens in all Valve maps, it's a collision related issue.

Basically, when you get stuck, the game registers you as if you are falling, and when you unstuck it registers as if you touched the ground, thus making you die. 









 So... This was my first encounter in my life. I was always skeptical about other encounters until I experienced myself. I would like to not jump into conclusions as it could have just been a state of sleep paralysis. I have no proof whatsoever, so it makes up for a good reading story.
So here we go.
I'm laying in my bed at 2 AM (Eastern European Time GMT+2) with my smartphone out, watching Youtube with headphones on me as usual.
Suddenly, I hear this ticking noise. My Wi-Fi connection started to go crazy, so I wen't to check it out (my router was in my main room, I don't know how you call it). By the time I come back I realize 2 hours passed by. I thought my clocks are going crazy, so I checked my smartphone settings and apparently even the clock on the wall showed the same. 

The next night I decided to put a cardboard full of metal scraps on the doorstep so that if the door opens it would make a loud noise. I did not have a camera at the time besides the one on my smartphone, which is not always easy to set up somewhere without having a dock.
Few hours in, I hear the door open. I jumped out of fear but I was unable to open my eyes, which was weird, because I was completely conscious and not asleep anymore. I then woke up in a field not so far away from my house where I usually drive by, not much cars go through that route. It's foggy and dark. I see a dim light in a distance and a weird noise coming from something that appeared like an aircraft. Note that I'm saying aircraft instead of spaceship, as I was unaware at the time and I cant say for sure if it wasn't just something related to "goverment", which would still be stupid to think of.
I see these creatures walk out. They look transparent with blue-ish color, I could see through their organs. They had very thin legs and arms, but they had one huge organ inside them which looked like a ball inside a ball, something like an stabilization engine you would see in NASA navigation systems or smartphone cameras. When the creatures moved the ball organ stayed stationary and relative to the height level they were in. I don't have a masters degree in biological science, but I immediately knew the organ served a purpose of helping sustain their body stationary and not make them fall down. The creatures had eyes, but both of them looked connected and had no pupils. They were absolutely black and even reflective like a camera lens.

The creatures came up to me and helped me stand up. I was afraid at the time, but somehow telepathically they gave me a thought of "being calm". It's really extreme to explain something like that. As we get closer to the spaceship I start to make out important details of it. (I call it spaceship by now cause it's too unreal to be something human made).
It looked something like a stealth jet but a little bit rounder, nothing close to the common "disk" shape encounters though. It was black.
It did not have thrusting engines, however it had these very small holes around it. As I came into the entrance part of the ship, a small port opened and the creatures told me to put up gloves to prevent cross-contamination in the ship. Two small transparent plastic bags fell down. It had one button on each. The creatures then "explained" to me how it works. I put on plastic bags on my both hands and press one of the buttons. The plastic bag suddenly started shrinking and getting tighter as it wrapped around my hand and formed into a human hand shaped glove. They explained to me that this method works for a lot of alien races who have different developed arms compared to humans. The place itself did not smell like anything at all. It was super sterile. I had to put those bags on my shoes too, they were worried for me not to leave any traces. It almost felt like a tour through a billion worth craft.
One of the doors in front of me opened. The doors were made out of material that looks like cloth, however, a little bit thicker. When the door opens the material rolls up. They explained to me telepathically that if there's no potential danger of an creature "breaching" certain sectors, there's also no need for armored doors. They told me that the doors humans use are inconvenient. 
When the door closed behind me I saw this one central panel, and a lot of "creature shaped" ports around me. They told me it's where they have to "connect" when they travel for longer distances. 
Around the central panel I could see a few more creatures. There weren't a lot of them though. They did not have any chairs, the display on control panel they used was holographic. They explained to me that it works very similar to the ones we have today where you spray water particles into air and then project onto them. They told me that instead of using water particles they shoot micro-particles into air (which are very invisible to our eye) and that the projection is much more complex. It was a process of micro scale. They walked me through the spaceship and showed me how much of our galaxy they mapped through. They told me that Milky Way is one the galaxies they recently discovered.
They explained to me that they do not give names to anything. They did not even call our galaxy Milky Way before I thought of it. They understood what is what in "context". 
They then told me that they do not use electricity wires as a method of conducting energy at small scale, their "wires" had a small round bubble at each corner. They told me that very small magnets shoot other magnets at a very small scale, then speeding up and producing energy which required no recharge. They told me though that they weren't exactly magnets like we have in our Earth, they were super-conducted magnets that could last for ages shooting back and forth.
They also told me that it was done on a very small scale otherwise it would not produce energy.
They showed me how their propulsion systems work. They explained to me that they use "rocket" engines similar to ours too, but that they used plasma that they produced from matter. The plasma was invisible to my eye. The plasma was being shot from those small holes I saw before, and it was done on every angle to stabilize the flight. They told me that it's "primitive but it works". 
I asked them about anti-gravity, and they told me that they were impressed how race like ours know a concept of such propulsion. However, they told me that what we call "gravity" is limited to our own concepts and knowledge of physics.
They told me that they did not acquire such propulsion yet because the more advanced alien races do not share this technology. They told me that there are alien races far beyond theirs, but they do not give technology to developing races as they could destroy themselves.
They think that a race should rather advance long enough to create such technology themselves and become mature and sentient, instead of sharing the technology just to cause internal self-destruction in civilizations that are still developing.
They explained to me that very advanced civilizations are staying out of smaller civilization concerns to let them develop, however, smaller civilizations can grow contacts and bonds to develop and advance together and become one huge civilization. It is what most civilizations do, and it is one of the reasons I was invited to the spaceship.

They told me that there are races who harness power but are still developing, which makes them dangerous to other races. That's why It's important for humans to become partnered on galactic-scale.
As they wrapped up our telepathic conversation, they told me they have to transport me to my house, however, they can't do that if I'm awake. They told me not to be scared and laid me flat on a desk. The desk looked like a display and suddenly I felt a needle inject into my neck. It was behind me so I had no way of knowing when or how the process was gonna happen. The next thing I know I'm wide awake in the morning with a little trace where the needle was supposed to be. It is gone now, but I can still feel some "ticklish-pain" there from time to time.


Anyways, let me know what you think in the comments.
Please be;
 Respectful
 Open minded

And of course - Stay to the topic.
 




 Came in 100 hp. Came out 5 hp.

 




 You don't have a terrible taste, you have a *different* taste. 




 See, the problem is that it's the community who's going to bring itself down, not the pro teams.

Think of the effect of seeing something on the news feed regarding "A pro team disbands due to the pressure from the community"

Now THAT is what would do the most harm. 




 Gotta love that CSGO sale. 




 Because knife makes you an instant-pro KappA. 




 That's not the thing, I grabbed a kill or two way before them and I was pushing way ahead. The problem was, they got flanked from the back and I happened to be just around the corner. (Like you'd say) 




 They started shit-talking when they all rushed and died and I was the last guy in the team.

Started team killing me and on the first round of second half they just said "Good bye" and kicked me.  




 Good for you, I usually get them every 2nd match or so. 









 Shadowban incomming? 




 That's exactly what I said. I said that ticks won't matter if it's a cheap server (and it would be).
I suggest you go check your eyes and read again.

I find your "jump the gun" comments even more hilarious. 




 It would split the community into half, because a majority of people would NOT be able to or would not wan't to pay. Simple as that.
Regarding the second statement, there's a LOADS of videos where 128 tick does not register shots.
128 is better than 64 tick, but it's not the best. It also goes down to how the servers themselves work, not just the TICKS.
(Quality over quantity, if that's the right term here) 




 And that would split the community into half and the majority of people would stay on 64 tick, and the ones on 128 tick would sooner or later start whining. 




 And it's not only the FPS we are talking about here.
It's the packet rates, yadda yadda. Basically, not everyone have a beast computer and a beast internet.
I have internet good enough to play the game without rubber banding, and I have good enough PC to play it without any lag. Unfortunately, I'm not someone who would spend money on virtual skins and better equipment rather than spending money on studying. 
 




 Terrorists forgot how to plant. 




 1. Intros in CS:GO videos
2. Vanguard has just started, wtf chu sayin? 




 Stand in their molly's so that they can get banned kappa 




 1. Not transparent. Not solid is what you mean.
2. They are supposed to be like that so that the railing don't absorb bullets and grenades don't mess up.
3. It's a sign of good mapping.
4. Heck, it makes it better! I don't see any problem here? 




 Plenty of reasons here I could think of;
64 tick, obviously.
Call me blind but I think I saw the scope being an itsy bit blurry before you shot. Maybe it has to do with the inaccuracy after scoping in quickly.

There's some randomness in AWP bullets, but it's like 0,001 percent so whatever (just like with every other gun).

Internet connection/Server lag.

All these reasons, maybe it's something different.

Just saying that for the past few weeks Valve servers have been trash. 




 riding de_train hype (I wish) 




 OP got demolished
 




 MORDA 




 cyka gamburger 




 Cyka, davai idy na B blyat! 




 It's like Candy Crush, after some time you gotta wait to play again. It's a marketing strategy so that players don't get bored fast. I could go into more scientific stuff but that should explain it. 




 So I found out something interesting on a website called Above Top Secret, I'm not sure how much of you guys are aware of this but it sounds pretty credible and scary.

Fyi - Dyson sphere is a theorical structure that surrounds a star to collect all it's energy, built by super advanced civilization. (Possibly on Kardashev 2 scale and up)

The guy talks about data he found on craiglist about military connection with nearby Dyson Spheres.

Take a look -

http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread1040809/pg1 




 That moment he knocked the heavens.
Unfortunately, GabeN did not have any spare Dragon Lores. 




 Or just double press the orange fog. 




 POSSIBLE UPDATE!? HYPE!!? 




 ..Down? 









 Everybody hear that? Bitch got served.
(Leet World reference no bannerino pls) 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 The tree at A is a part of the gameplay. 




 CT's can insert the numbers into the bomb telepathically when defusing, If the terrorists change the code they're screwed. 




 Bitch shit 



















 Its a problem with the model itself, not de_cache.
It is one of the default models in CS:GO model library.
(The same one can be seen on de_train)

Although I cannot find a real use of this issue, as it's really minor,
the way to fix it would be to add a nodraw brush.
Clipping brushes do not stop bullets, so nodraw could possibly act as a "penetrator"


Then again, I'm not an expert. 









 If you get kicked from a match, wait a while and go to your recent matches, it will show if the team that kicked you lost or won. 
I once top- fragged carrying some 4 guy premades till 10-4, then they started taking advantage of me
and decided to kick me. I told them that if they kick me they will loose the match (cause they were noobs).
They started laughing and kicked me. About half an hour later I wen't to check
my recent matches, and that team who kicked me lost. (They said they can win without me, what a sweet taste of karma) 




 This exact same topic was discussed a few weeks ago.
It's called chargeback.

It sucks that things like that exist, but it all goes down to the person if he's being careful about his valuables or not.
There's no need for a sticky. 




 Meanwhile; server crashes, buggy menu, OP-75, glitchy hitboxes, 64 tick 




 So he doesn't scare you. 




 But it's Pasha man 




 Actually, neither of you guys are right. One of Valve employees said that they were actually testing with importing old Source games to Source 2, and that they were messing around. There might have been Counter Strike 2, but it was just Valve employees playing around and the concept never got out of Valve's office. It JUST won't be released. 
Also, thinking in long term i wouldn't mind playing CS:GO for another 5 years as long as they keep updating it and listening to community feedback. 




 Don't feed him guys... Don't feed him, or we will wait another 33 months!
 




 bind mwheelup +attack

bind mwheeldown +attack

'nuff said 




 And what about that "human eye can only see 25 fps" bullshit console peasants keep talking about? 




 Sorry to break your dreams guys, but it looks like all the Source engine games got updated 2 hours ago. (Including CS:GO, that we are talking about.)
It MIGHT be just a regular maintenance update.

Just saying; don't frown if that happens to be it. 




