 And yet losers like you oppose training courses at every level, unless it allows you to make it prohibitively expensive and inconvenient to own a firearm.

You're part of the problem, Chester. 




 Bill Maher is an anti-vaccination lunatic.

He's a completely partisan hack. 




 It's off interest to people who are pro gun rights. 

Keep your friends close and all that.  




 I'm only in favor of UBC's if they are conducted as follows:

Government-issued drivers licenses are conspicuously marked in one of two ways:

People who can legally buy a gun have an icon on their id of a little green circle with a pistol in the center. 

People who are prohibited from owning a gun have an icon on their id of a pistol with an international no symbol over it. 

When selling a gun, you simply ask to see the buyer's id. If you see the green icon, you're good to go. If you see the red icon you are legally required to decline the sale. 

This UBC method empowers gun owners to be the first line of defense in making sure guns aren't sold to criminals, requires no government bureaucracy, does not force buyers or sellers to have to waste time driving to an FFL, or waste money forcing them to pay fees to conduct a check.  














 Assault kettles are black, have an external handle to make it easier to quickly pour the contents, the ability to heat the contents above 200 degrees F, and an internal capacity greater than 10 fluid ounces. 




 It's a trick.

Get an axe.  




 It was, but it's still a great trope to break out when dealing with antis. 




 By any chance is your ISP Comcast? 









 Wow. I'd like to thank the kind soul who gilded my link!  





























 Red meat for the election season grist mill.
 




 I'm in total agreement with you; fuck people in wheel chairs. If they can't learn Krav, they deserve to be victimized! 




 GrC. 

I totally forgot about that place! 

The thing that's funny about them is that the rules are purposely designed to allow them to ban anyone. 

Most subs that cliquey just end up going private, but the folks at GrC seem to get off on engaging in a public circle jerk, which is really just kind of sad, when you think about it.  




 For your clothes, here's a pretty flower. 




 Anti-gun bigots extolling their fairness and compassion in 5...4...3.. 














 Aside from political lobbying and such, the NRA is the largest organisation dedicated to offering training classes dealing with many facets of gun ownership, including four hunting, concealed carry and home defense. 

They are also one of the largest competitions shooting organizations, with NRA-sponsored shooting matches in every state. 

On top of that, they offer consultation on range construction, evaluation and grants for the building and improvement of shooting ranges. 

They also offer members insurance on their gun collections. 

That's just off the top of my head.  









 It's a very Spielbergian moment. He always puts nice little touches like that in his movies.  




 The Kirkland fish oil doesn't have as much EPA and DHA as some other brands, so you might try changing it out for another brand.

There are some brands for sale on Amazon with very high EPA and DHA content, and even a couple for sale at Costco. Next time you shop there, compare labels. 




 The problem is that a lot of people would see a correlation with race and assume causation, when that isn't the factor driving these injuries, but rather the culture of desperation that arises in economically and educationally depressed areas of the country, which tend to be disproportionately African-American. 




 Passing a law that allows people to be thrown in prison for merely owning a piece of optical gear is reprehensible.

I'm glad to see you oppose such onerous legislation. 









 Great post. I've submitted it to r/bestof.  









 How, exactly, would they enforce this law? 

After all, federal law prohibits the government from retaining NICS check records for more than a week (iirc), so it would be impossible to prove whether someone did or did not submit to a NICS check. 

So this law is completely unenforceable and utterly useless, except to act as the groundwork for further restrictions down the road.  














 It's actually worse than the headline makes it seem. 

What has the antis all up in arms isn't the gun itself, but the optical and electronic system attached to it. 

They don't want to ban the rifle, they want to ban the scope attached to it, which is just insane.  




 That's some grade-a trolling. 




 The gun used was built on an 80% receiver.  




 Headline should read "Democrats try to regulate blocks of aluminum/spools of plastic."

I can't decide if this is more, or less, idiotic than their attempt to ban incandescent bulbs.  




 For a second there, I thought this was an announcement that Brady group had gone through yet another name change.  









 Relevant User name. 




 Ever notice how the solution to failed gun control policies is the institution of more gun control? 




 After California passed their state level ban on so-called "assault weapons" it turned out that they left a certain model of SKS off of the list.

Since the window to register them had closed, and they were now considered an "assault weapon " anyonewho had one was told to turn it in or have it confiscated.

I don't know how actively they pursued the owners of those rifles, but its my understanding that some forced confiscations did occur.

There is also a concerted effort in California to match gun registration information up against prohibited persons databases, and then they dispatch LE to confiscate the guns. I don't have a problem with this, at least for people with violent felonies, but they're also going after people who have mental health issues, and even family members who are legal to own guns, but who live with someone who is a prohibited person. 




 Ask them if they would support instituting Australian-style gun control in the US.

If they say "yes" then they're lying when they say no one wants to take guns away. 




 While this isn't strictly gun-related, I thought it was worth sharing because it shows that the world is more complex than most gun control fans think, and that it's completely possible that there are factors other than gun availability that play into violence and suicide. 

Given the revelation that high amounts of environmental lead were likely a large part of high crime rates through the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s, it seems plausible and reasonable that other chemical and environmental factors could be related to violent behavior or mental disorders.  



















 Always remember, the only reason gun control ever fails is because it doesn't go far enough.  









 At this point, the NRA could come out in favor of puppies, baseball, and apple pie, and the mainstream media would have an aneurysm in response. 

It's freaking hilarious.  









 Don't bother, they went out of business years ago. 














 Ah, yes, the old "some the people who disagree with me are mean, so clearly they're all mean" tactic of argumentation.

If you can't win on facts and reason, then slander your opponents in the public eye. 




 Someone who thinks they know it all isn't interested in learning. 









 None of your points matter to him because for him, gun violence is just the friendly cause he's using to mask hits actual hatred for all gun owners. 

You see, combat effective is both deeply fearful and wildly self-absorbed, and as a result, he believes that anyone who holds the capacity to kill him actually would do so given half a chance. 

As a result of this fear and paranoia, he supports laws that punish lawful gun owners for no reason other than the fact that they make him afraid and uncomfortable. 

This is why anti-gun people are so irrational, and it also explains why they added completely incapable of differentiating between someone who owns a gun for legitimate reasons, and someone who is a violent criminal. 

To him, deep down inside, we're all violent criminals.  









 It's a purely political play to try to draw a comparison between the NRA, practical shooting sports, and police militarization/excessive force.

tl;dr: Cops practicing with their guns = ZOMG POLICE STATE! 




 While some people get all up in arms about cops with modern rifles and pistols, I don't have a problem with it. The problem with police militarization is one of mindset (us vs. them) and not an issue of whether a cop has a wood or plastic-stocked patrol rifle.

As for cops practicing head shots, I'm fairly certain most police academies practice head shots, and have done so since time immemorial. The notion of criticizing cops for practicing shots that require precision is, frankly, utterly idiotic.

The problem is that the article is trying to draw a connection between a competition that will actually help cops have better and safer gun handling, and a militarized police state and/or cases of police using excessive force. 




 As I understand it, Truth Out is a left-wing organization on par with Media Matters and the like. 




 Always remember, according to the left wing, only police and military are competent enough to be allowed access to firearms.  














 Tl;dr: it's a trick, get an axe.  









 After about the fifth season I started thinking the show would be awesome if Michael's monologues would start getting more and more bizarre, and the series finale would reveal that he wasn't a spy, but in reality just a really clever paranoid schizophrenic. 




 Oh, they've known that for years. The anti-gun crowd learned how to play the incremental infringement game starting in the 1900s. 

Now that much of the populace has gotten wise to their shenanigans, they're having to shift which strategy they use.  




 I always liked this one:

http://www.theonion.com/articles/peace-activist-has-to-admit-barrett-50-caliber-sni,234/ 




 From where I sit, the proposal to regulate semi-auto guns under the NFA, or requiring a permit to own one has two long-term goals: to invalidate the Common Usage litmus test spelled out in Heller (after all, if they make it more inconvenient to own a certain class of gun vs. another, most people will default to the easier choice out of sheer convenience.)

This will have the effect of making semi-auto firearms much less common, and therefore likely to fail the Common Usage test in Heller, which then opens the door to further regulation. (Oh, and hey, since you required registration to own those guns, it becomes much easier to pass new regulations governing who can own them and how they can be used!)

TL;DR: CAP to gun owners: C'mon, how about just the tip? 




 It's interesting reading.

Of particular note is their prescription for requiring the registration of so-called "assault weapons."

Basically, they want to re-categorize semi-auto firearms as Title II NFA guns, and force you to jump through the same hoops for an AR15 that you would have to jump through to get a full-auto M16.

This doesn't mark a change of heart for the left regarding gun control; rather, it's just a change in tactics. 









 requiring a license for so-called "assault weapons" is probably coded language for a plan to move to regulate then under the NFA. 

That was part of Feinstein's proposal to pass a new ban post-Sandy Hook.  




 That's so Raven! 














 In my experience, the vast majority of ardent anti gun people suffer from Narcissistic Personality Disorder.

Logical arguments don't hold any sway over them because the very nature of your gun ownership personally offends them on a visceral level.

Since their motivations are purely emotional and deeply selfish, facts, stats, figures, and appeals to logic and reasoned thinking will not sway them in the least.

It also turns out that this is a two-way street. Since facts don't have any power to change how they think, they will not consider fact-based arguments to be effective, so they emotionally lash out instead.

Ultimately, the name calling is just an attempt to outgroup you in order to make themselves feel better. 




 Extremely well done, OP. 




 Shitty website fails on mobile = downvotesville. 




 Feel free to post the numbers of all of those working-class people who are dues paying members in anti-gun organizations.  




 It's also worth pointing out that none of the gun control laws proposed within living memory works actually do anything to stop a suicidal person from getting a gun. 

Therefore it is completely disingenuous for gun control advocates to include suicide numbers in their gun death statistics in a cynical bid to make it appear that the US has a violence problem.  









 Want buses to have more appeal? 

Then they need to not smell like pee, enforce a dress code, and have an open bar.  




 Yohimbine and green tea extract work well to take the edge off of a chronic compulsion to eat, but you still have to exercise some self-restraint.  




 I honestly can't say if I do or not, I've never gotten blood work done, so my choice in supplementation is less than scientific. 

I'll check out the beta alanine.  




 It seems a there is valid reason to be concerned about the safety of fully-autonomous weapon systems.

http://www.wired.com/2007/10/robot-cannon-ki/ 




 I can't speak to the reputation of the university that conducted the study, but I don't see a reason to be outright dismissive of the tests they're conducting.

After all, it's not like antibiotics haven't come from novel sources before, including soil samples from the grounds of a medieval castle and bacteria found in hydrothermal vents at the bottom of the ocean.

Hell, there's even an antibacterial agent used in scientific testing that is only found in the blood of horseshoe crabs.

Unless the studies being undertaken are complete woo, or the university has a reputation for poorly controlled studies, I don't see a reason to completely dismiss this research. 




 Yes, I know its baking soda.

No worries. 




 I'ge been working to be better at drinking plenty of water during the day. I usually drink at least 1 8oz glass of water before leaving for the gym, and consume a half liter container at the gym during warmup.

Not sure I follow on the acetic acid? 




 Evidently there is some evidence that it helps control acidosis.

http://examine.com/supplements/Sodium+Bicarbonate/

I figured I'd give it a try, but not sure if I'd do it again. 




 I'll oblige them by continuing to not purchase their horrendously overpriced soups and sandwiches. 




 I've been supplementing with green tea extract and yohimbine for a couple of months without any serious side effects.

Today I figured I'd try adding sodium bicarbonate into the mix, and about 3/4 of the way through a fairly intense workout, I started feeling nauseated.

Doses were 10g sodium bicarbonate, 800mg ECGC and 12.5 Mg yohimbine hcl.

Other supps are D3, zinc, and creatine.

About half an hour after, I had an intense bout of puking. 









 You can see the key holes in the google maps photos if you pan straight up otter straight down.  




 To make a crappy analogy then, it's sort of similar to having a computer with a really powerful graphics card. 

A normal human's vision system (graphics card) isn't all that high tech, so it just hands the stimulus off to the brain (processor), which is pretty to of the line, for interpretation. 

But in a mantis shrimp the vision system (graphics card) is a top of the line model that can handle a lot of that work locally without having to hand the stimulus to the primitive brain (processor) for interpretation, which probably cuts down on the amount of time the brain needs to make a decision as to whether it's seeing food (attack) or a threat (run). 




 Probably more than just Reddit. Lots of other gun forums will post announcements to vote on these kinds of polls. 




 If Shantel wants to make more, maybe she should take some initiative and find a new job or develop some marketable skills.  




 My, aren't we all testy.  









 Whoops. My bad. I should have checked the date before posting.  




 Not if you'ge got an agitprop fetish. 









 Bear in mind that so long as general population growth outstrips the growth of the segment of the population that chooses to become first-time gun owners, it is completely possible for the raw number of gun owners to grow, while their percentage as a part of the overall population gets smaller, which some people would interpret as a drop in gun owners. 




 Typical rent-seeking behavior. 




 Improperly contained involuntary protein spill. 


































 That subreddit is full of utter assholes. I'm not aware of another firearms related sub where anyone has anything positive to say about them. 




 /r/shittynealdegrassetyson 














 Bloomberg makes for a good villain because he is such a lunatic control freak, and had a tendency to say tremendously stupid things. 

Gates will be harder to go up against because he's done am exceptional job of building himself up as a humanitarian good guy. 

They won't be able to use the same tactics against Gates. 




 Once upon a time, surplus rifles and pistols were sold to citizens via the Civilian Marksmanship Program. 




 Was it, *Batteries Not Included?

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0092494/ 




 http://i.lvme.me/enys03l.jpg 




 Obvious troll is obvious.  




 Christo is brilliant, and the project is temporary. 

I'd love to see this one in person.  




 Maybe some of the guys on the force are into those battle bot competitions? 




 Tl;dr: Inelastic Supply meets Increased Demand, they get married and have two kids named Increased Prices and Short Supply.

In the last few years there has been a massive spike in interest in guns and marksmanship among the general population.

This demand was enough to outstrip the manufacturers' abilities to make and distribute ammunition, even when running 3 shifts per day, and a lot of companies were reluctant to expand their facilities because its an expensive process and they were unsure if the elevated demand was a temporary thing or indicative of a more permanent trend. 




 I'm not aware of any legislative or courtroom victories won by JPFO.

The NRA and SAF, for all of the dumb things they've done, are the two organizations most directly responsible for the lion's share of pro gun victories.
 




 While not strictly gun-related, there is some interesting info here. 









 A couple of years ago, 500 round value packs were around $15. 




 At least then they'd stop accidentally shooting innocent bystanders when getting into skirmishes over gang territory. 




 Once upon a time military surplus pistols and rifles were able to be sold to competition shooters under the auspices of the Civilian Marksmanship Program. 

Handgun transfers were ended in the 1960s, and the rest of the program was killed by Clinton, but resurrected as a non-profit, but will only last as long as stocks of antique Garands are still available.  




 In that case, you're not actually seeing infrared on your phone's screen, but rather infrared as filtered and translated to be displayed on a screen designed to display RGB.  




 Why does your list have Water World and Judge Dredd on it?  




 I started using a magnesium solution applied externally a couple of days ago. I really haven't noticed a difference as of yet. 




 If "the ends justify the means" is an integral part of how your party operates, intellectual honesty is an impossibility.  



















 The old saw about them being more afraid of you than you are of them is pretty true.

I haven't encountered a bear yet that didn't run from a bright flashlight and yelling.

If you feel so inclined, get some bear spray and keep it handy for when you let your dogs out at night, just in case. That said, it's unlikely you'll ever need to use it. 




 Personally, I think it's a toss-up between the 47 or 15.

If you get the Compensator 10, though, be sure to get the optional ball-cupping heat-shield. Not only is it more comfortable, but it will keep you from sustaining burns on your testicles when you are busy compensating. 




 HBAR AR15s are widely used for Service Rifle and National Match Rifle competitions. 

My guess is that there were probably some MD High Power shooters who were able to successfully make the case for their sport.  




 Why, it's almost as if he held those views from the beginning, and only claimed otherwise so he could make a dramatic show of being driven away from voting for pro-rights candidates so he could foster internet drama! 

But that would imply that he's lying about changing his views, and I'm pretty sure no one lies on the internet.  




 The version of me that lives in your head is highly amusing. 

If you feel the need to donate to Bloomberg supported groups, go ahead. I'm sure that as a member of the .01% he'll be duly impressed with your financial assistance.  




 And here you sit, reaping the rewards of slavery and land theft.  




 Don't soft-pedal it and claim you support regulation. 

At least have the courage of your convictions to state that you are in favor of outright prohibition.  




 That's the thing. 

It's clearly obvious these laws easily circumvented and wholly unenforceable, and preliminary data has shown that to be the case. 

Frankly, if anything, gun control advocates should be even more in favor of repealing these laws than gun owners on account of the fact that these laws are so poorly written and unenforceable that they only serve to highlight just how absurd the gun control movement in this country is.  




 So brave.  




 If the antis are so in favor of the sale of smart guns, perhaps they should give a little, too.

-Industry immunity to protect from lawsuits like the ones in the story.
-Repeal the NJ "mandatory smart gun" law.


Heck, since the gun lobby can negotiate from a position of power on this one, maybe they should demand concealed carry reciprocity, and repeals on magazine bans, hollow-point bans, and other ridiculous gun control laws.

If the antis want smart guns on the market so badly, maybe they should compromise for once. 




 He feels strongly about guns because he's deeply afraid of them.

Even worse, he's deeply afraid of the inherent symbolism they represent, which is individual autonomy and responsibility.

He's not interested in "saving lives," rather, he's interested in scoring points in a culture war where doing things that piss off people who aren't from his tribe makes him feel good.

*edited to add: the down votes are proof that I'm right.  




  The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.

-9th Amendment to the US Constitution



You kind of suck at this. 




 I think it's amusing that your perfectly reasonable statement of fact garnered downvotes from people who couldn't come up with a reply. 




 The good is all on this side of the table. 









 And yet you evidently have the right to say infinitely stupid things... 




 I have to wonder if he used little hearts to dot all of the i's.  














 It's a new term coined by Bill Maher. 

If you hear them use it, you know you're debating someone willing to spring for HBO.  




 Harming animals is one of the items on the checklist for determining if someone is a psychopathic. 




 We must ban temporal bullets. 

For the children.  




 The problem is that there's no way for the system to stop someone who's suffering from undiagnosed mental illness.

Your name doesn't go into the NCICS prohibited persons list unless you've been involuntarily committed or legally adjudicated as mentally ill.

In the case of a lot of states, they don't even bother to report those people to the national-level organization responsible for maintaining the NCICS list, so in some cases even people who should have a record in NCICS don't, and are still able to buy guns. (The Virginia Tech shooter is one example of that particular systemic failure.) 




 That's not necessarily true.

There have been laws proposed that would put people on the NCICS prohibited persons list for having a mental illness diagnosis of any sort.

This, most notably, resulted in an outcry from people who believed it to be unfair that they would lose the ability to exercise a civil right for being stigmatized for seeking treatment for a mental disorder despite the fact that they were not violent.

 









 There have been some stories floating around about the companies that run private prisons donating to certain politicians/causes in order to pass more laws, harsher sentences, or opposing things like legalizing pot because it's seen as harming the prison company's bottom line. 




 IT'S ALL ABOUT MEEEEEEEEEEE.

Clearly the vapers are out to get you. 




 Claiming something is "a right" is the pseudointellectual's version of "think of the children." 




 The first picture accompanying the article sure does say a lot about this guy.  









 But John Morse promised these kinds of things wouldn't happen if we passed his shiny new gun control laws!  









 The Columbine shooters didn't wear body armor. 




 What's a P8?

 




 There's an entire weird category that could for under "children's books used to preach about my beliefs." 









