 I have been a prof in both the US and Canada, and as you know, academics are mobile, and so we are always doing this comparison.  Research in both countries is similar in many ways - funding is tight, but I have found in Alberta that having a local funding agency that offers full graduate student scholarships to be extremely valuable.  If I am lucky enough to have several graduate students with salaries on the order of $35k/year (tax free, for 4 years), then that is direct research support that pushes research forward.  In Canada, it's all about industry matching, so if you can find a good company to work with, you can have sufficient funds to work on that program, and have enough flexible money to work on fundamental projects (which helps support the industry collaboration).  It's hard to find the right company, and I liken it to dating, but if you find a good situation, you can make it work. 




  I agree that it is not easy, and I wish that I had a shining future to describe.  Some of my best graduates have stayed in Canada, but others went to US companies, and to start labs in China. That said, there is a realization that pushing fossil fuels, climate-be-damned, is not a viable business approach in the long run, and thus even big oil companies are launching renewable energy divisions that actually seem serious (as many are in the US, Europe). I have my fingers crossed that things are changing - certainly the political landscape is changing, which bodes well.   




 Hi - Kyoung-Shin is a friend of mine, and when I become the editor-in-chief of Chemistry of the Materials, the first new person I recruited to join as an editor was her.  Could I suggest emailing her?  You can tell her that I suggested you do so. She is ultra-busy, but is incredibly thoughtful and thorough.  

And I do believe that PECs have huge potential.   




 Interesting - I have listened to a lot of talks about thorium, and how the cycles are much cleaner with respect to recycling the by-products and waste. 

 I am not a huge fan of traditional fission nuclear because of the staggering costs to build a 1 GW plant, not to mention the spent fuel storage problems, and the fact that we would have to start the building of a new nuclear power every 1.5 days until 2050 to generate 7 TW of electricity (humanity currently burns about 15 TW, and that number will at least double by 2050) - these numbers come from Dan Nocera's publications if you want to look them up.

So, if thorium is cheaper with respect to infrastructure and operation, and avoids nasty radioactive waste that requires long-term storage, then I would like to know more.  

 




