



















  The result was a culture within the tech industry often derided as  patch and pray. In other words, keep building, keep selling and send out fixes as necessary. If a system failed  causing lost data, stolen credit card numbers or time-consuming computer crashes  the burden fell not on giant, rich tech companies but on their customers.   














 For me the world we live in is a fusion of Brave New World, 1984, and Walden Two by Skinner. And I have an idea that Walden Two is even more determinant in shaping this present reality. The idea that people can be declared mentally ill because they fail to fit in. Ultimately everything ends up looking like Naked Lunch. 









 This story hits home for me because I grew up there and used to walk all over the place from age 8 onwards. It really freaks me out how lame Americans have become towards overprotecting their children, and these parents should be applauded. They seem really sane. 














 In WW1, African troops were considered to be more resistant to mustard gas and forced to march through it in front of other troops. I don't know if there was any truth to their resistance or whether it was some myth based on racial assumptions of the day, but I do know that troops were brought in from West Africa to fight in France specifically for this reason. 


































 I'm not really a fan of her music but she seems to have a bit more going on upstairs than the average pop star today.  

















































 Oh I get it. Because we're all drunks.  
























 Very compelling. She is an extremely lucid and articulate speaker. 




 [Angels Don't Play This HAARP](http://www.westcoasttruth.com/uploads/7/0/4/9/7049688/adpthaarp.pdf) 




 HAARP is a very controversial subject to say the least. My simple understanding of it is that the ionosphere is heated by antenna arrays and the energy thus created is then directed downwards towards a target on earth. I posted a link to a PDF of Angels Don't Play This HAARP above. Here is a short video if you can deal with the Moog in the background: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTpYwf7lBCA

Tesla pioneered this technology and nearly destroyed a town in Colorado. If I'm remembering right, he used a similar principle but instead of using the ionosphere, he obtained an accumulation of energy by bouncing electricity off the earth's crust on the other side of the earth... ie using the earth itself as an amplifier. 




 A lot has been played down by the authorities especially the danger posed by the central core. I see a number of directions where cover ups seem to be occurring. Fish stocks in the Pacific are badly effected. Children in many parts of Japan outside of Fukushima are showing higher than normal rates of cancer. US naval personnel who assisted post tsunami have had some very unusual occurrences of leukemia and other illnesses. 




 I know, I was just laughing at that. I e-mailed the article to my wife and now I'm probably on some fucking list. 




 This wasn't a cumulative assessment. This was a year by year measure. The depressed economy has no bearing on the numbers. Take a look at 23 Thing they Don't Teach You About Capitalism for more info. It's not anti-capitalism per se, but challenges a few claims that are usually not addressed. As for IT or Bill Gates, no one is arguing that hasn't had a positive impact on the economy, but taken as a part of the larger economy, it hasn't been enough to lift productivity, real per capita income etc across the board. Zimbabwe is a terrible example. I used to live there and know a great deal about it. The land was ripped from the few and given to even fewer. It had nothing to do with helping the poor. 




 Just came across this. I don't know if I buy it, but it is interesting. 









 "Not always" is the negation. The negation isn't the same as the opposite. 




 Article about radiation contamination in Tokyo from Fukushima fallout: 

http://www.i-sis.org.uk/Tokyo_contaminated_and_not_fit_for_habitation.php 




 Economic growth during the period from 1950 to 1980 in the United States was, by almost every measure, double what it was in the following period from 1980 to 2010. This happened despite high end tax rates during the earlier period that targeted the wealthiest Americans. We are way less productive as a society when these brainless elites are allowed to make all the decisions about what to do with our economy. Most of them are not producers but horders. They put their capital into government bonds at best (facilitating the endless expansion of enormous, enslaving debt) or else into off shore accounts where the money just sits doing literally NOTHING for anyone, serving as some kind of bullshit trophy/bragging right about how rich they are. A good book on the subject is Ha Joon Chang's 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism:

(https://mafhom.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/23-things-they-dont-tell-you-about-capitalism.pdf)
 









 (http://www.dailybuddhism.com/archives/670) 









 I've done that before. Didn't say sorry though. 




 If you see Buddha on a smartphone, kill him. Or at least kick his ass. 









 That's my problem. I can't believe this will not be turned against average citizens given enough time for the cops to learn how to game the technology. 









 If you see Buddha on the road, kill him.
 









 How about [Love Canal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Canal)? 
























 I'm pretty sure none of these assholes give a shit about real issues. They're too brainwashed to wake up. Fucking lemmings. 









 My problem with full legalization is only that corporations would then be able to advertise. I want to see bans on advertising and some kind of quality control regulation. I do think legalization is coming sooner than people think. 









 I definitely see drugs as a health care rather than a criminal issue. I also like the idea of decriminalization instead of legalization because that way corporations can't have the ability to market drugs. People need to be free to make their own mistakes. 














 Nice, I've actually been looking for some Situationist reading. And feel free to use the M word. Groucho is God. 









 Work stoppages seem to have helped folks in the fast food industry. Maybe we should all do our best to kill the Protestant work ethic. 




 [May 1968 events in France](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_1968_events_in_France) 









 I guess the problem is who is fixing the issues? If the same system that created these global problems in the first place is in charge of the fixes, then I can't see how that will turn out too well. I'm not 100% against GMOs, but I am against a system where Monsanto is in charge of them for example. 




 The first paragraph of the Unabomber Manifesto:

The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have
been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly
increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in
advanced countries, but they have destabilized society,
have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings
to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and
have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The
continued development of technology will worsen the si-
tuation. It will certainly subject human being to greater in
dignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world,
it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psy-
chological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical
suffering even in advanced countries. 









 Try this: [The New Atlantis - Secret Mysteries of America's Beginnings ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMhkf5mAGgA)

Also this: [The Secret Destiny of America by Manly P. Hall](http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/secret_destinyamerica/secret_destinyamerica.htm) 




 I've read all his books. Now actually read the article. 



















 Why the fuck are you posting a link to a video that describes a sexually abused minor as a "sexy teen"? Seriously what the fuck? 









 That would be fun for sure. 




 There's so much stuff like this. The Belgians used to have safari parks with humans in them. In Spain, outside Barcelona, there was a stuffed African - I think he was a Koi bushman - up until the late 90's. 
























 You're right. It does sound harsh. And no, it couldn't.  




 Was aware of that. The point is it isn't so well known now and articles discussing it should be passed around. Also people are more willing to let such a figure slip into oblivion if the victims were African because people in the West assume this is normal for Africa.  




 I forgot to mention her cousin was working inside the Bush White House throughout the period and she had frequent contact with the White House. 




 I don't think he's one of the most hated people around because I don't think the average person could tell you who he was. Also, I'm posting an article written by someone else. It's interesting and worth looking at. Doesn't mean all the words or thoughts are mine. 




