 He seriously has been around a long time. It's a neat compilation. Clay guy to say the least.  




 Very limited options there.  




 I think there are disabilities that waiting makes the situation worse, you can't go to far because you have to make it back in time for the queue time. Not sure which ones but from what I've read and heard.  




 There are different types of fair. Fair as in no special treatment allowing nobody to go to the front of the line everyone is equal vs allowing them to go to the front of the line because unable to wait due to disability.  




 There are different types of disabilities.  




 Yup silicon Valley is another great show, Hooli can't keep up.  




 Do you have a link to that Pink Floyd song?  




 Not votes for the post, votes for a competition to help win a trip to Ragnar Adirondacks. Where can I post that? 




 [Just saw that these are the priorities] (http://i.imgur.com/srk0jHW.jpg) 




 So individuals thought the grass was greener on the other side. 




 I bet watching the Preakness would be great especially near the tent. 




 So did Wells contradict himself? http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/05/14/wells-contradicts-his-own-report-regarding-mcnally-texts/ 




 So did Wells contradict himself? http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/05/14/wells-contradicts-his-own-report-regarding-mcnally-texts/ 




 No chance with an overinflated football. 




 What is Hogan's track record on education? 




 After the press gets involved. 




 Donate plasma at the local military hospital, selfless and selfish at the same time. Most likely will get a COA or AAM. Also that counts for volunteer hours which is the MOVSM.  




 True caller is the best app I've found. You don't have to add anyone to block as those calls are blocked on the backend and your phone doesn't ring there's a spam list that's constantly updating.  




 Everywhere is booked in the area, I'm glad I found this little gem. Will take my photo next week. Other places were quoting me June after the board.  




 http://rss.nytimes.com/c/34625/f/640350/s/46511aa9/sc/7/l/0L0Snytimes0N0C20A150C0A50C150Csports0Cfootball0Cpatriots0Ecriticize0Ewells0Ereport0Ein0Elengthy0Erebuttal0Bhtml0Dpartner0Frss0Gemc0Frss/story01.htm 




 The future looks bright, my son has made leaps and bounds. Aba therapy along with speech is awesome. I can go into so much detail. Just keep swimming as Dorry says. One day at a time and just be affectionate. Your child's growth depends on you advocating for him so he is able to function independently as an adult. Feel free to ask any questions, which I'm sure you have.  




 [Got Him] (https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video/CE7XffeWIAEVVCH.mp4) 




 A two, two tie would've forced a tie. 




 How is Will still in the game? 




 That would be a survivor first. 




 Will's going home tonight. 




 [Dan come on so funny] (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CE7V42eVIAAf42G.jpg) 




 [That's what they always say] (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CE7TF-PW8AExvi8.jpg:large) 




 Man that was exciting stuff.
 




 Rodney gets his own special reward: Dan's melons.  




 Who else was hoping those melons were poisonous? 




 https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video_thumb/CE7PmEKUEAAxFAe.png 




 Carolyn, I'm proud of you for not giving that big baby your hard-earned reward.  




 Will doesnt know what he's doing. 




 Pull Rodneys shirt off and stab him in the heart. 




 Yes Jeff join in for the red team. 




 Schefter m just think this source is credible otherwise he wouldn't regurgitate this info and risk his reputation.  




 Schefter usually is right most of the time.  




 What are the odds the suspension is overturned?  




 One way to circumvent the installation fee is to forcefully ask that it be waived. If that doesn't work hang up and try again. I'm paying 59.99 for 100MB. 




 How is the live feed created?  




 -243 individuals on the train 
-5 of them were Amtrak
Employees 
-5 deceased 
-7 cars including the engine damaged 
-200 responders 




 http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/amtrak-train-from-washington-derails-in-the-philadelphia-area/2015/05/12/7a8646a0-f915-11e4-9ef4-1bb7ce3b3fb7_story.html 




 Spokeswoman: Aria Health hospitals receive about 59 patients from Philadelphia Amtrak derailment - Reuters 




 Amtrak crash comes on the eve of  markup session to cut Amtrak budget http://t.co/aWta0t8tx1 




 Amtrak confirms 238 people and 5 crew members were on board.  




 [live updates] (http://pzfeed.com/amtrak-train-reportedly-involved-in-crash-near-philadelphia/)  




 Amtrak Hotline For Those Who Have Family   Friends on Board Train: 800-523-9101 




 What about Dom Grady ;-).  




 Yes, that's the reason I signed up  




 Where do they play trivia?  




 Favorites? Visiting. I'm the DD 




 Link me: framelapse pro 




 Is he still going to be in the building, If so he will steal the spotlight.  




 No one knows what chips stances are our weekday he's trying to do.  




 Then when you hear another one repeat.  




 Why would he, he's on a great team, he could always go to a noncontendig team.  




 Thought you wrote neanderthal.  




 The northeast is nice with a Walmart near by, the east side is nice as well but a bit of a longer drive.  




 198 miles of fun.  




 Going to run Ragnar Cape Cod.  




 I found a scorpion on my sofa next to my child when we lived there, pretty scary, sure it was painless but still scary.  




 Gross  




 More probable than not, come on your kidding me right?  




 He has to their is no option, otherwise a new precedent will be set.  




 Well that made me chuckle out loud.   




 If Tom so much gets a scratch on him then there will be roots and it will set a new precedent and the NFL will never be the same again.   




 Their sole purpose in life is to bring ratings to ESPN.   




 I'm in board we need to start a petition.   




 I'd like to see Spencer and Boston Rob team up, they could do some damage, and Boston Rob may even propose at the finale.   




 Fans would like to see Keith return.   




 Sore loser.   




 That I think fans would pay for definitely.   




 You and me both, these children can't even protect themselves, let alone tell an adult.   




 $5,000 bond are you kidding me, that just doesn't seem right.   




 There's time.  




 Even so, he as the Commissioner must be weighing out his options, he wants to avoid a repeat of a debacle.   




 Can't wait for it my kids love Mario.   




 I'm wondering if the league would actually punish Brady?  




 Between 12 and 15 miles your pick.  




 We had three runners drop out for Ragnar Cape Cod 8-9 May, is anyone looking to fill in?  




 It was actually a funny show.   




 I just wanted to get a quote but the site wants my CC info. I'm just traveling 30 miles.  




 It's 30 miles no thanks.  




 [Results] (http://strawpoll.me/4297130/r) I've noticed the second most popular always is what happens. 




 [Tonight's Poll who will go to Ponderosa Next?] (http://strawpoll.me/4297130) 




 Unless he feels and doesn't play it and is blindsided. 




 Tyler used to be in the NFL, he better win this. 




 "Just my own fat ass, Jeff" ha! 




 [Tonight's Poll who will go to Ponderosa Next?] (http://strawpoll.me/4297130) 




 [Tonight's Poll who will go to Ponderosa Next?] (http://strawpoll.me/4297130) 




 [Tonight's Poll Who will go home] (http://strawpoll.me/4297130) 




 Hopefully just as good as smallville.   




 Slow news day, huh? Call @jwiggs85 at 866-275-6376 at 5:30 p.m. today, and he'll answer all of your DeflateGate questions on @NESNLive 




 Slow news day, huh? Call @jwiggs85 at 866-275-6376 at 5:30 p.m. today, and he'll answer all of your DeflateGate questions on @NESNLive 




 Slow news day, huh? Call @jwiggs85 at 866-275-6376 at 5:30 p.m. today, and he'll answer all of your DeflateGate questions on @NESNLive 




 The first five games on the schedule look important for the NFL.   




 Great visualization.   




 It's going to be a good fight.   




 I live in Bel Air, the group is leaving from Annapolis. The original plan was to pick me up on the way but they mentioned some tolls on the way to Hull, MA. They're thinking in order to circumvent tolls they would go the way of the Bay Bridge. This would totally bypass my location and therefore would need to drive an hour and a half to meet them in Annapolis. If I new how much the tolls were I could pay those.   




 Yeah now that you mention it, yes they all are similar.  Why don't producers and directors notice this, or they just ignore it in the hopes of making money.  




 Are there any parts where attire is blue jeans and Polo?  




 Ok 




 I'm trying to have options, how much tolls would cost if we went through them vs not.  




 There's nothing there.   




 I'm trying to have options, how much tolls would cost if we went through them vs not.  




 Is this a remake of The Heat with Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock? 




 This season flew by, it truly did.  




 Joe comes back into the game, would be epic.  




 ALC is terribly elementary and don't learn anything.   




 Huachuca must be a blast.  




 Won't Floyd retire by then? 




 I'd surely be interested in more information.  




 I would like to go, basically you need to have a suit, I'd really like to go but don't own any of these items.  




 Define logic.  




 Don't they get stitches?  




 Yes it's in this slide show. http://soldiersystems.net/2015/05/05/ocp-rollout/ 




 How would that go?  




 It does read that way a bit.  




 Except the plans are worthless.  









 So in the meantime while police are being called, in this article 2 hours what is being done to ensure safety if no one is legally allowed to restrain the individual, are they just running amok?  




 Previously unseen rifle presented at Ukrainian arms inspection 




 But with special needs kids there are no luxuries, that's why there are action plans agreed upon by the staff, and parents. I know the article states the child was injuring himself, but you can't tell me the police needed to be called to provide a bearhug, come on. There are adults that can provide a bearhug until the agreed upon action plan is floored through as agreed (ie) called the parents baring any significant safety issues.   




 What's the average guaranteed money for a rookie? 




 LTE at that.  



















 Yes I think putting up with not getting signal for a minute while in the country side is fine, so long as it's not unusable.  




 I agree that there's nothing to work towards. There's needs to be some sort of carrot to work for but also the franchise has to show some loyalty, where's the line drawn.   




 Why can't they use commercial computers, my desktop at home works better as in zero lag.  




 Come on, seriously, he keeps turning 40. 




 It couldn't of been that bad, are you serious, I was going to purchase one later today, but im not hearing positive reviews. 



















 Is Verizon really that much better? I believe tmobile speed is faster especially in the city. I guess it depends on where you are.  




 Will Verizon play hard ball and how can T-Mobile ensure that customers that don't sign up for magenta are given the right to the same plan on Verizon. 














 Yes that is correct depending on the state. The only two states I know allow BCBA's to provide services in the classroom are Florida and Pennsylvania. I would not suggest an aide as they serve more as an assistant rather than a board certified behavioral analysts. Look into what BCBA's do and see if that is right for you and your son, I'm sure it will be. Additionally, if you don't feel the classroom has BCBA or principals there are centers you can go to where they provide BCBA play based services with other children. Your sons transition into adulthood starts now and the curriculum they go through know will set them on their way.

Feel free with any questions. 




 Geneva conventions.  




 Psychedelic  




 He over thought this game simple as that.  




 Did the dog have a go pro attached to his tail? 




 Good gracious what's the secret, looks delicious.  




 All good options, just depends on the coaching staff and Dirk on who they want to bring in.  




 Who do you think could fill that role?  




 I thought Amare was a good PF. 




 What a load of BS. Seriously, that's the sole purpose I bought my own so they wouldn't give me the run around let alone remotely access my modem.  




 Great time things considered. Just keep moving, great job.  




 True fans at heart, had a great run but time to go fishing, rest, recuperate and get back to working out soon enough.  




 Classic Popovich answer, no other response will do.  




 As much as Dirk has been the go to player for a while, I think it may be time for him to be a sixth man.  




 I thought that was hilarious. For everyone else probably not.  




 What was the miscommunication that it ended up in the press, already a bad start to this week's news cycle.  




 Did you PMCS before you touched it.  




 Steph deserves it, he worked really hard, especially during the summer months.  
























 The hike is at a 15:00 min pace, that is pretty quick. 




 I know there are some fans here. 









 I think for week 11 Mike is safe either way, I do agree with r/whycraig he is near the bottom. 










































































