 Classic, required reading for anyone who wasn't aware of this. It really was the beginning of BitShares.  




 Creflo and Taffi Dollar? If you wrote that into a movie, no one would believe it. This strikes me as a simple intelligence test; send them a dollar and you've flunked it.  




 I see. Lots of "1's" on there, though, and you have to wonder if some of those guys just lobbed in a bad ball by accident.  









 Do those stats count pitch-outs or wild pitches where somebody trips and bounces it into the plate? 




 Ferrell's stunt was great. Baseball should have more fun. Reaching out and appealing to new fans is critical for this game's long term success. 

Spring training is the perfect time to try these things out. But honestly it is a long season and the games are long for many fans. I'd be okay if they pulled some tricks even in the regular season. 









 Wrong sub. This is "Not the Onion" and here you're posting about onions. Definitely not allowed! 




 If you pay half his salary, it's a deal. 




 A's have announced Ferrell's having Tommy John surgery.
https://twitter.com/based_ball/status/576050370708815872
 




 Clint's still talking to an empty chair. 




 Just declare martial law and get it over with. Democracy is a sham to these conservatives. 




 As long as they allow provisional voting for all the college kids, Wisconsin should end up blue again.  




 The Committee on Committees will study these studies and report back with its conclusions.  




 Duane Kuiper was on the radio in SF yesterday. He said that Huff, Pat Burrell and those 2010 veterans have basically been saying the same thing about Pablo "off the record" for years. This was the first time he's seen Huff go public.  




 Elitist jerk.  









 Very cool. I'm glad he remembered to write "Mariners". Do you think he'd do the same thing for any Yankees, Reds, Rays, or Cubs fan? 



















 Iran...isn't that near San Antonio somewhere? 




 Welcome! Looking forward to this.  




 Terrific suggestion. 









 Hopefully not while they're driving. 









 I know. How to energize the donors AND the foot soldiers, plus win the primaries AND the general election...it's quite a gauntlet for the wannabe GOP nominee to run.  




 He will get ripped and I think he knows it. Ripped apart? He's Jeb Bush so he may well survive that. If he really believes what he said about the GOP candidate who wins primaries not being able to win a General Election, then maybe he's willing to put his money where his mouth is. That would mean taking his hits for some more moderate stances (like immigration).  




 They'll have to go triple-digit pretty soon.  




 Good for him. I hope Jeb runs toward the middle somewhat, even in the primary. It would be good for his party, and for the country, to have less extremism. Jeb and Hillary may both be big enough that they can dictate some of the terms and not have to cow-tow quite as much to groups like this.  




 It's often a business deal much of the time, so...when one deal fell through, another one was struck.  




 Okay, I tried that too and it does indeed show my correct BTS balance. Thanks. 




 Making progress, perhaps. My balance is still all over the place. I think I had around 1 BTC worth of BTS in there. A few days ago, it was showing I had 6 BTC worth and now it shows I have 0.2 BTC. So I can't join you in saying the balances are correct, but more coins do seem to be listed on there now.  




 That's awesome! Many of us thought it would be a big year for Bitcoin. The infrastructure has just been slower to come around than everyone hoped.  




 Stark beauty. I wonder how long those dead trees have been there. At some point in the not-so-distant past, were they actually able to grow in this environment?  



















 The light client is being tested and the web wallet just debuted. The full client is nearing 1.0 status. Until now, it has been hard to use BitShares, but it's fair to say that a lot more people will have user-friendly access to it in the next few weeks.  









 Definitely report it.  




