 Okay somine was set at around 8100 MB. My recommended was 12226 MB. So I changed it to 12226MB. I don't see how thatll make much of a diff though if it was set at 8GB 




 Oh I have 8GB of RAM. and 920GB of C drive 




 didnt help 




 When I set the resolutions higher i got that error message though 




 1920X 1080  but i never use this because it messes up trying to watch movies since it duplicates over to my tv screen. My TV is basically my monitor. 

When the resolution was high in the game I got the bad text. When I brought it down to 800X600 the text was fine and better.  




 Well my monitor is connected to my 55inch 4k TV. I have an HP all in one 23inch monitor for my computer. 

I changed the resolution to 800X600 and everything seems fine now. 

I looked at screen resolution on the background of my desktop and it says 1024 by 768 so should i do that for the game too?  




 Edit; So I went to full screen which fixed the text issues you see in the picture. However he game won't run full screen. I keep getting [this error message](http://imgur.com/7pfovpp)

I went back to windowed mode but still getting the same error message and can't play the game now.  




 Also, I am a noob and have never played before. Well I played for like a few hours a year ago and got to lvl . Can't remember how to fix any of this. 

Edit; So I went to full screen which fixed the text issues you see in the picture. However he game won't run full screen. I keep getting [this error message](http://imgur.com/7pfovpp) 









 3f4dksa  djjtghehw s fewdrilsltoassessyourstrength shaeolkf drilskajghe 




 OP Pls deliver. Pls 




 i didnt.  




 Well that's crap. I want a choice.  




 DUDE! I just saw you in another thread. You were late to that shit too!! 




 says the massive cock.  




 Pls OP  




 IO 




 agreed. it's fun. I like the strategy  




 ....starting right mrow 




 So much fun!! I like it better than splatzones. I wish though we could choose between the two. I wonder why we can't? 

This sniper was up on one of the pillars at Kelp Dome picking us off so, lol, I just went the long way around snuck up from behind and BAM. It's fun surprising people, it's why I like the Ink Mines. I always like running up to people and plopping it down for a suicide kill.  




 its problematic.  




 For a minute that it said Australia. ....was thinking that's not right 




 You sound horny 




 Cocking for three 




 Cocking for three 




 I hope so! 




 Yeah, I get the logic. That's absolutely correct. However... 

I had 10 comm errors 4v3 matches out of 20 at one point. That's crazy. 

Also, cats were outnumbered and we still won the battles.  




 You fuckbitch popnutter.  




 I dunno got to be millions by now.  




 very okay.  




 Well. damn. that was a waste of time.  




 So the answer is no, there is nothing else I can do with them besides reroll abilities 

Edit: Why am I being down voted? I just think super sea snails should at least get you something you can't get with regular gold you make during matches.  




 I actually was hoping he would answer the question of what this graph is and means instead of making a debate about inferences in comments.  




 I don't really care about the individual level though or the fallacy in this data, I want to know what it is saying.  




 I got 18 of them. What do I do with them? I already have all my clothes with three slots each, and I've already bought all clothes available and I have about 500K gold. What else can I use the super sea snails for? Can I buy something with them that I can't get with regular gold?  Or are they pretty much useless for me? 




 I dunno what you're doing then lol.  




 K a couple things I do. 

1. I don't follow my teammates. 

2. I get the edges my teammates miss and then I splat the large areas and try to avoid enemies. 

3. I can't stress this enough, but I go away from my teammates we aren't trying to cover the same ground, if they follow me I go somewhere else..QUICK 




 Cats were outnumbered and we still won the battles! 




 it felt good to win! Good job fellow felines!!  




 sure Aero RG. splat as much ground as u can and use your Nuke often. Kelp Dome is a mine field. I don't really worry so much with killing people as I do splatting ground.  




 no. i play ranked. but not often. i find i get paid more from regular, in ranked you have the possibility of getting nothing if you lose. but with regular you get paid gold every single time depending on how much you splat. and with the aero gun i can get 1700-2200 a round.  




 Yes, I did. You know how easy it is to get 1 million gold? It takes me a day of playing to get 500k gold. 

Super Sea Snails are worthless. If you have gold you don't need them.  




 I sure did.  




 Yeah.  




 Age 15  

"Revert completed"  




 Hmm sounds like Blankman  




 I hate it I'll be covering ground on one end at the very beginning and this guy is behind me on his roller going over what I already splatted.  




 I'm not a vegan. That's why I give my cat whatever the fuck he wants.  




 Munchkin cat*  




 this little light of mine.  




 Baby Blue   Purple People Eater  




 Nope. we arent.  




 I'm a cat and I lost 10 in a row earlier. (I had 5 teams with only 3 players, one team with two players, and the other four we lost by 5-10 percentage points- close matches)  I tend to lose when I have a sniper on my team they only get like 2-300 points a round unfortunately.  




 I like coming up with nicknames for the colors used. 

My first one was Pepto Pink. (Like Pepto Bismol) 

What else you got inklings? 

Stay fresh!! 




 Yeah it's a shame we don't get some Pepto pink in there.  




 very straight 




 Very minor....now I KNOW...you can think of word that better explains a small amount than very minor.  




 Not really. I've played in 10 games with just 3 teammates.  




 Dad aint got shit on me.  




 Fiscal 




 U fuck!ng wh4t m8? ou little !tch. 'll have you know I topped my [N4VY] SEAL class, and 1v1'd all of them with 360F twiksh0t3s. 




 I typically leave if there a teammate who follows me.  




 You're not alone I had 6 




 I did. Yes.  




 Yeah hopefully they debut the two new ones.  




 I am just B- in Ranked. I don't play ranked too often because i don't like splat zones, waiting to see how tower is. I use the aero gun and get about 1700-1900 a round in turf war. And I played for like 10 hours once on a binge so I got A LOT of gold. I bought all the clothes. Don't know what else to do other than buy an amiibo to do those challenges. It's fairly easy to get lots of gold quick. There's nothing to spend it on so it keeps saving.  




 I looked on their [wiki or website](http://splatoonwiki.org/wiki/Splatfest#Reward_Tiers). It says 12 Snails for King/Queen 8 i think for Champion. You don't get anything else. All you get is re-roll abilities or extra slot to get to 4 slots. 

Stages
"As well as existing stages, the first North American Splatfest may feature currently unreleased stages.[5]:

Moray Towers
Camp Triggerfish" 




 I like Kelp Dome. The others I'm pretty tired of. Night is meh 




 Nah you're not. I got to Cat King in 3 hours and now there's nothing to do. Maybe if there was a gauge or something who said who was in the lead Team Cat or Team Dog, it would be fun to still play and want to win, but now that I am maxed out it's just like regular turf war at lvl 20. 

12 Sea Snails is cool but what am I gonna do with them? I already have 500K gold, it's not like I need to talk to Spyke for anything.  




 Phase 1: Collect Underpants 

Phase 2: 

Phase 3: Profit 




 I'm now Cat King. .....now what lol 




 No.  




 you know from experience do ya? 




 Victoria Taylor was let go 




 we are all bots except you 









 Great. What is his proof besides "someone close to reddit?" Sorry man but you see lots of that stuff. It's all speculation. 

We don't deserve to know because it's not professional for a business to disclose why they fired an employee. It doesn't matter that we use the site and generate posts or not. That is irrelevant in the firing of an employee for a business. It sucks she got let go, was a big mistake by Reddit. But it is not our business to know why she was let go, it is our business on what they are doing to rectify the situation and their mistakes.  




 I can give you the tools you need to get that one.  




 Bananas are laughable.  




 hot chickens* 




 []kn0thing -1726 points 13 hours agox2 
Yeah, it's a shame the mods turned the community private, but so it goes.


It's not a shame some mods turned the community private. The shame isn't on the mods, it's on you guys. The responses you're giving back to people aren't positive it's just the same old BS. The firing of Victoria is not our business- I get that- we have no business to know why- just so you know, she was good at what she did and you will not find someone as good as her. 

I've been on reddit a while on this username and my others, but this has made me question quitting reddit. 

Again, it's not a shame the mods stood with solidarity over being treated poorly. Reading your official response, it's just so smug and arrogant. It's like you think you can easily appease people with that crap 




 lol.....post this to show similarities? 




 Yes they should go dark for a while.  




 Please reconsider your position.  




 /r/Documentaries 22 




 /r/LifeProTips 20 




 /r/history 18 




 /r/movies 16 




 /r/books 12 




 Over in /r/counting [we're counting all the subreddits that have gone dark](https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/) 




 /r/videos 9 




 /r/Upnose 7 




 We're counting [all the subreddits that have gone dark](https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/)  in /r/counting 




 /r/NepalEarthquake 5 









 417,502 

I made a new counting thread to count [all the subreddits that have gone dark](https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/)  




 https://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3byo2a/counting_subreddits_currently_blacked_out_for_the/

In /r/counting we're counting all the subreddits gone dark 




 /r/pics 3 




 417,500 




 /r/AskReddit 1 









 good call 




 Most anything can be found with a search engine and the critical thinking skills necessary to resource information.  Just because someone asks something stupid doesn't mean it deserves disapproval. That drives people away. Making people feel dumb and driving them away from learning is only self-serving.  




 She's obviously not Jewish.  




 It's not demented to want to burn your house down if you see a spider, try to kill it and miss and then can't find it.  




 going to be a burnt to a crisp dead master. If I find any spider anywhere ill put him to fucking sleep and he'll die nameless. 
 




 417,100 




 He had his finger on the trigger, fairly sure it wasnt bad judgment.  




  It takes a lot of bullets to incapacitate a person sometimes.

depend where you hit them.  




 way to ruin a funny moment with serious talk.  




 ET!! 









 Grey Dawn 




 Yep!! 




 I....I read this as burger.....fuck 




 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA........

fair is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord

After the crowds have ceased 

Each night when the lights go out

 It can be found on the ground all around 

Oh, what a ratly feast!

Melon rinds and bits of hotdogs 

Cookie crumbs and rotton cotton candy 

Melted ice cream, mustard dripplings

 Moldy goodies everywhere

Lots of popcorn, apple cores 

Bananna peels and soggy sadwiches 

And gobs of gorgeous gook to gobble at the fair

A fair is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord 

After the gates are shut 

Each night when the lights go out 

It can be found on the ground all around 

That's where a rat can glut, glut, glut, glut! 




 Them's hippin child bears 




 416,592 




 "His use of "wut" was obviously ironic." -- Nah, giving too much credit for dudebro language. Of course people know how to spell 'what.' That doesn't stop them from using 'wut.' 

I like redundancy. So I use it often.  




 You said "wut" Don't lecture me on proper grammar.  




 Yes I realized it after I looked at the context. Honestly didn't look at the usernames. So I changed it. I was confused by "wut." 




 He said Gravity   Aliens do not pass the Bechdal test. 

I agreed. I said "No they don't." 

 




 No they don't.  




 416,581 




 416,579 




 Guess it doesn't pass the Bechdal Test then 




 416,565 

you skipped one. Also, I saw Terminator 5. Don't go see it. It's awful.  




 416,557 




 You're in the wrong classroom friend.  




 he likes to knead my neck before bed.  




 okay i did 









 416,480

As opposed to a salty dick 




 416,466

bucky 




