 reddit fired someone, people are pissed, a few subreddits have gone private as a result. 




 Yep. This pretty much transcends gender and has a lot more to do with Lee being such a famous author and such a notorious one.  




 At this point, reddit would be smarter to risk the HR fallout and talk about what happened then let people continue to cook conspiracy theories about it.  




 I've worked hard to be pretty fucking lenient about what qualifies as "world politics", but this is fucking ludicrously not politics. It's not even *remotely about* politics. 

Might as well start taking posts on Jim at the local McDonalds and how he's totally shafting people by only giving them 2 squirts of ice cream instead of the mandatory 3, or something. 




 Wait, harper lee's a chick? I always thought she was a guy for some reason.  




 it's beautiful is what it is. I haven't seen hardly any shit-posts hit the front page all fucking day. It's been all either interesting content, or content i could acknowledge is interesting to someone. 

It's like how a park is always empty right after a big storm and you can go hang out and ride the slide without any asshole kids looking at you funny for doing it. 




 That's alot of "might" and "maybe" and it presupposes that the intelligence we create is both able to be modified in such a way, that we'd have the know-how to do it, and that it isn't able to bypass it by some means. That's a tremendous, enormous risk. 

I'd honestly rather have an AI that had zero safety precautions in it than one with half-assed ones, because the one with zero we at least *accept and know* is dangerous. It's just like how bicycle helmets increase injury: if you think you're safe, you take unnecessary risks. 

It also, of course, presupposes that we're not stupid enough to have it accidentally destroy us with our own, perfectly reasonable requests. Which i have no faith in, personally.  




 Yep. And if you're some mentally ill kid who wants to be famous - this is the easiest and fastest way. Grab a gun, go blast some people, instant fame, attention, and even internet fan girls.  




 Displays a marked lack of imagination: 

1. People have survived jumping from bridges before. While it's typically fatal, it is by no means universally so.

2. When Ariel Castro killed himself, i threw a little party to celebrate. Not every death is a tragedy. 

Also, why no phone number on the sign? "Make the call! Hope you know the number, though..." - that's just poor implementation!  




 I think that - among all the literary genres - horror is the most flexible and most pliable in terms of format. That said, i think most creepy pastas are basically in the same vein as lovecraft's "At the Mountains of Madness" - a "true account" from the perspective of someone who's discovered something abnormal and either wants to document it or warn others off.

The other big format would probably be the "letters" format - where people communicate back and forth about some strange happening. 

both are pretty venerable formats, although updated to the modern age in the form of web pages and text messages instead of scientific journal entries and letters mailed back and forth. 




 I find how much reference material i need is directly related to how interesting the project is. 




 it's always surprising to me when someone's attacked in a parking lot - It's a big open area that tends to have people arriving unexpectedly, and all that.  




 Indeed so. A mass shooting is the single most efficient way to have the whole country talking about your agenda.  




 That is my fear exactly: that they have an agenda they want to push, rather than any interest in doing honest science.  














 Sure, and when it convinces someone to let it out, everyone can be very surprised.  




 I'd just rather not be here when it transitions to the next step, if it's all the same.  




 It's like having a sealed metal can of an unknown substance sitting on your desk. The person who gives it to you tells you it can be anything from an elixir that'll let you live forever to sarin gas to bubonic plague to distilled water to a cure for cancer - or really anything at all. 

Would you open it, if you felt the threats were authentic? 

It's like that, only it's with the entirety of life on earth. Creating a new *type and form* of intelligence is unprecedented and totally unpredictable. To even experiment with it is dangerous, because we have no idea if we could *contain the experiment*.  




 Pointless to even try to gauge the risks or come up with mitigation strategies. You can't defend against what you cannot understand nor quantify. 

It's inevitable that we'll have a GAI at some point, and when we do, whatever happens after is anyone's guess.  




 That's how i feel about it. The guy probably got scared that whatever he had before is worse than what he has now (which ain't much). 




 I wonder if you could truly call this theft, or extortion? Or some combination of the two?  




 The palestinians live in a paradise compared to the american south post civil war. The south was in ruins - and there was *no help coming*, and *no one gave a damn*. It is not an apt comparison to say they were anything like the palestinians.  




 that was possibly the darkest music video i have ever seen. 




 put another way: in 2012 there were 14,827 murders in the US. This would represent .8% of them.  




 Yeah, different people value stuff differently. Like i have no problem paying even for a game that's totally free (dwarf fortress) because i enjoy it so much. 




 nonsense, it's full of bad scary news because bad scary news gets clicks. 














 I just post the news and let the site decide, but it's pretty depressing how the site decides sometimes. 




 Well, Canada *is* america's hat, so i can see how it'd be appropriate.  




 Ramen + mixed vegetables + egg. you can make a pretty passable dish out of those 3 ingredients mixed together (or separately). 

Alternatively, Spaghetti, cheap pasta sauce, mozerella cheese + bread. Make a bowl of dipping sauce out of olive oil, serve with the bread. It'll class up an otherwise simple dinner. 




 Edward Lee is 100% pure amazing.  




 Indeed so. When i gotta piss and am out and about, my first thought is not getting filth on me from the typically filthy bathroom, and my second thought is relieving myself and getting the fuck outta there. I could care less who's in the stall next to me. 




 That's true. There's a lot of doom-and-gloom and malthusian thought in environmentalism; we should be focusing on mitigation and adaptation, not how bad things are going!  




 Urinals are fucking disgusting anyway; i hate even seeing them, let alone *using* one of them. 




 that's how i feel about it. Hopefully this puts an end to the matter (but somehow i doubt it) 




 Seeing weird clusters of murders like that always makes me a little suspicious.  




 I wouldn't spend 25$ on it because it's not worth 25$. It's like saying "why won't you spend 25$ on this hershey bar?" - because a hershey bar ain't worth 25$. Nor is Hearthstone. 









 That's pretty much how i feel about it - the shotgun's actually my corpse-recovery weapon of choice, because it is so indiscriminate with regards to hit location.  




 It's not to bad, really. I mean it's got a horrible signal-to-noise ratio, but it's not really fury-inducing for me. 




 considering how horrifically corrupt and inept the brazilian government is, i have little faith that anything'll be done past enriching a few embezzlers. 









 Surveillance perhaps, to establish her routines. An unfamiliar party wouldn't just show up and stand in the road in the woods with a loaded gun and hope some random stranger happened to walk or jog past before too many passing motorists noticed them, would they?

it'd be more likely they were driving along and happened to see someone out alone, if it was a stranger. Target of opportunity and all that. 




 Honestly, i don't even know what to do with someone like that.  




 What's creepy is when it happens once - and then never again. 









 Not only evil, but disgusting as well. 




 Definitely possible; Gacy dominated the news for a long time. His dying before being caught helped keep him out of the spotlight (though the trials of his accomplices were big news at the time, i gather).

 




 That's actually kind of amazing, really. 




 Oh no, that's .5 seconds of the catholic churches income!  




 They prefer to be called "former dolphin" or "retired dolphin" i believe. 




 I kind of doubt it for a few reasons.

First, most biker hits are loud, messy, and obvious. Biker gangs survive on fear, so they tend to not be very subtle in how they kill people. They'd mow her down in a public place or fire bomb her house or something, not just shoot her in the head on a quiet road. 

Second, how would they know where to find her to do the hit? 

Third, if they were tied up with a gang enough to get killed over it, you'd think there'd be some mention of that somewhere. It's not something they could keep quiet.  




 From what i gather, a few things contribute to his lack of notoriety:

1. He happened before serial killers were a big media phenomenon

2. People in the area have largely just tried to forget him 




 It's pretty legitimately difficult to find someone actually *worse* than Corll. He's almost in a class of his own. 









 To me what leapt out about this article was this aside:

Wilson's death was the fourth murder this year in the town of 23,000 people, Armstrong said.

that seems pretty high considering it's only july. 




 My skin looks normal in real life, but in photos it always has a kind of reddish tint to it. I don't like it. 









 Definitely a bit of that. 




 Indeed so. Much of the past will be forever a mystery to us because of just that. 




 I'd honestly prefer we study him until we learn whatever we can to help predict and prevent people like him from acting, and then just execute him. He's got no business being alive, let alone sitting in prison eating food and watching tv and living a decent quality of life. 




 There's a few things.

Firstly, it sets up a divide between gun owners: sporting users and self-defense users. divisiveness is not something to be fostered.

Secondly, it opens the door to excluding or limiting weapons based on their (perceived) sporting use. Anything that places a limit on the type and form of firearm that can be made or sold is inherently wrong. 




 You think brevik can be rehabilitated? For that matter, you think he deserves a *shot* at rehabilitation? 




 Probably either someone who knew her, or a thrill killer. 




 If it wasn't accepted and believed by *someone*, it'd not be published. 




 I have no clue what they used on the video, but if that's the real world version of CSI's "enhance", we got some distance to go before life imitates art! 

I'm not particularly surprised no one got involved - it happened very fast. And, I'm not sure that getting out of your car to get involved in an altercation like that is the right choice; what if it was a setup to steal a car by luring someone out of it and just hopping in and driving off? 




 Got anything meaningful to contribute? 









 I'd just find other crazy mis-identifications it has and point them out, too.  




 I think whenever someone commits a really hideous mass crime like that, they should be given to the US to deal with. We got ways, and all that. 




 i think the challenge would be finding a serial killer who was not, in fact, pathetic. 




 Truly so. And a true romantic, if the letter he wrote to his (deceased) wife and left in his desk is any indication.  




 If i could clone one human a thousand times, it'd be Richard Feynman. Maybe he wasn't the smartest man on earth, but he was damn clever and a very good communicator. 




 Jet fuel is a fuel and not particularly corrosive. I am not surprised it can't melt steel.

Now fire, on the other hand - that'll turn steel into putty.  









 Livestreamers  are a constant rolling shitshow. 

As a side note, as someone who's done some software development, having "superfans" of the product is probably the single most double-edged sword in existence. They can do great advocacy and get more people to adopt your product, but they can also be total fucking nightmares to work with because they can be very demanding and entitled.  




 Livestreamers  are a constant rolling shitshow. 

As a side note, as someone who's done some software development, having "superfans" of the product is probably the single most double-edged sword in existence. They can do great advocacy and get more people to adopt your product, but they can also be total fucking nightmares to work with because they can be very demanding and entitled.  




 In theory we can learn alot about the past, but much of it is conjecture and there's no way to really prove one way or the other that what we think happened is what really happened.

For example - going by fossil evidence by it's nature omits evidence that wasn't fossilized. This is a serious omission, because some types of tissue and some types of environments just do not fossilize well.  




 Stewies more forgivable to me because family guy is such an exaggerated, over-the-top type of show. Plus since the episodes are barely connected, it's alright that he's had zero character development.

Bender on the other hand... 









 I will never forgive the NRA for pushing guns for "sporting use". The sporting use concept has done more harm to gun owners than almost any other gun advocacy i can think of. 

The NRA can go fuck itself: it'll never get my money and it'll never represent me. 




 Right? I mean I would show up with the assumption i wasn't going to get hired, just because of how many applications they toss and how good their selection pool is. Why not hire the very best, if the very best are knocking down your door to work there? 




 Bender is like Stewie, if Stewie was even less likable and had fewer redeeming or sympathetic traits. 

There's generally two kinds of assholes on TV shows: Lovable losers who are messed up but good hearted, and unlovable losers who are just annoying. Bender is (about 90% of the time that I've seen him) the latter.  









 Must have been a horror show on that train. 









 Honestly i'd probably like new episodes, but the old episodes i've seen so many times i can't stand them now. 




 I used to like futurama, until cartoon network played it into the fucking dirt during adult swim. 




 Was big news a few months ago, if i remember right. Damn strange, and a real shame. 




 Evidently, quite a bit. 




 I'm surprised one's worth that much dead, honestly. I wouldn't think they'd be good eating. 














 we survived *200 thousand years* without oil or coal or what have you. I'm sure we'd pull at least that long again without them, in some form or another. 

Hell, it may be that "modern life" or "technological life" is just a total anomaly that'll collapse and be forgotten across the time scale of humanity. 




 It'd be great. We could give them billions of dollars, and then their (corrupt) government could just lie about emissions, and everyone would feel great about themselves. 




 At this point, there's almost nothing that i can think of that would convince me to have cable TV. It's just nothing something i can ever see myself needing or wanting again, because the value is just not there. 









 oh man, i don't keep track at all. 

[This is a fairly recent study on it](http://www.vpc.org/studies/amroul2012.pdf) - PDF Warning.

I think the most important thing to take out of that is this line, though:

"Currently, no comprehensive national database or tracking system exists to systematically document the toll in death and injury of murder-suicide in the United States."

as to gender breakdown, though:

Of the 378 homicides, 288 victims were female, 89 victims were male, and the gender of one victim was not identified. 

and that sounds *about* right, to me. 




 Pretty much how i feel. I don't condone murder, but if the man was killed, i have to think it's a case of him getting what was coming to him. 

His family should be humiliated to even mention that they knew the guy, let alone that their his family. 




 Pretty much. After the fucking chinese wrecked american manufacturing, this place turned into a fair approximation of hell with more greenery. Once you get into the smaller communities, it's drugs, teenage pregnancy and neglected buildings as far as the eye can see. 









 Policing is a limited resource. There are not - despite what people think - infinite investigators, funds, and forensic capability to throw at every single case. Especially decades cold closed cases of suicide.

There are *plenty* of *actual* [unsolved murders](http://spdblotter.seattle.gov/catch-a-killer/) in seattle - they should be getting the priority, not another dead junkie-rockstar. 




 I gotta google news alert for murder suicide, and the amount of stories that hit it is fucking *astounding*. And it's almost always something totally tragic like this, too. 




 It's almost like hygienic standards that say "don't crawl in mud" exist for some reason. Who'd have thought?  




 As always with these sorts of could-have-been weapons, i wonder not how successful they would have been, but rather what complaints the troops would have had about them.  









 [Or maybe this guy should be working on some of the *actual* unsolved murders Seattle has.](http://spdblotter.seattle.gov/catch-a-killer/) Of course, solving the murders of people who aren't rich and famous doesn't get you spots on documentaries. 




 nice try, i'm from appalachia, that looks like most of the communities in the area. 




 It's gotta be an interesting place, but i so rarely hear about it in the news.  




 Yeah we should totally deregulate the healthcare industry! That worked out great in the era before regulation, when they sold radium water as a cure-all. 

God forbid we be more like nordic countries, which have some of the happiest, most satisfied citizens on earth. Clearly it must be hell to not worry about bankruptcy everytime you get injured, right? 




 sure, if you're rich as fuck and don't mind spending it on doctors, we have *great* healthcare.

of course, if you're not rich as fuck (or don't feel like dropping thousands of dollars a day when you stay in the hospital) then we're not so awesome. 




 can't be worse than what we've got now. 




 If it's not reproducible, it's not science, it's something else. 




 practically the definition of [Thesus's Ship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus) at this point:

Now, all that can be seen of it is a skeletal frame

 the Calypso was in the Singapore harbor when a barge accidentally rammed into it, sinking the boat to the seafloor. It took days to bring it to the surface 

I mean the boat's been severely damaged, sank, stripped of it's entire outer hull. All that's left is the inner frame and a few parts. I'm not sure that you could call it "The Calypso" and be honest if it was restored - it'd practically be a new ship! 




 I'd argue it's more *inaccurate* than sensationalized, but i could see how someone would see it that way. 




 That's a very good question, really.  




 It's gotta be so incredibly demoralizing to the people who live there and to the utility crews. I mean i can't even *imagine* living in conditions like that.  









 that's pretty bone-chilling. What level of suffering couldn't be justified by saying "maybe society will profit from it some day"? 




 i took the title straight from the article - i did not sensationalize it. 




 This is nothing less than amazing, man! This would have saved me SO MUCH frustration building multiblocks, keep up the great work  




 I left the title as it was hoping it'd stir some of this sort of discussion. My first thought on reading her account was that she must be living in pure mental anguish. 

And most heart-breaking: 

Death feels to me not as a choice. If I had a choice, I would choose a bearable life, but I have done everything and that was unsuccessful, she said.

It sounds exactly like every other chronically ill person who seeks an escape from their torment.  




 The story of the "Volunteer Legions" is a pretty interesting one, and this is a pretty interesting artifact of it. 














 you can just go [Full On](http://www.ruffwear.com/Products/dog_packs) if you want your dog to be useful in the field. At least you can make the little punk carry his own gear!

My favorite dog-cessory is actually [Cut Armor](http://www.hardcorehogdogs.com/Cut_Gear.html) - it's used by hog hunters to protect dogs from the hogs, and looks pretty insane. 




 This is why they should wait for the 4th of july to launch - at least they could claim it was a fireworks show, then. 




 It's baffling. Assholes like that live in a world 100% of their own devising, and have no meaningful contribution to make to the discussion other than highlighting how ignorant some people can be to the truth. 




 I always preferred hobbes anyway. 
 




 Indeed. Plus, negative framing: they didn't have to *prove* anything, they just had to shit on Kerry and people put the onus onto him to prove that he was innocent, rather than on his accusers to prove his guilt.

In that kind of environment, the winner is whoever has the best PR team, not the best man.
 




 A fitting name. I'm pretty sure most people i've told about him don't really believe me, or think it was a 2-3 time event, not something that happened on an on-going basis for many, many years to many, many people. 









 that's such a whitewashing of history it's staggering. 




 Jokes on them, they say "international banker" and i envision some swiss dude, not a jewish dude. 




 side  bonus, foraging will raise your survival skill nicely. 




 I've always found the worship of Xipe Totec particularly interesting because it's so over-the-top brutal. 




 Yeah, this is Mr. Smith goes to Washington level of naivety.

That's how i feel about the entire hype-train surrounding sanders, honestly.  




 To me the situation with John Kerry showed how absolutely powerful framing can be. 




 I believe it. It would seem that there'd have to be a very careful balance between getting power to the piston vs. venting the pressure. I'd also bet that malfunctions would be frequent 









 I don't know shit about israel - my guess is that the isralie government would simply refuse them immigration or deport them if they caused any problems.

Other than that, doomsday cults have in the past left. Notably the Jim Jones cult left america. It just all comes down to where they go and how much trouble they cause when they get there.

 




 getting between a fracker and their money is like getting between a rabid bear and it's food. You just can't win. 




 That's exactly how i look at it. 




 For a real challenge, try finding *anything* with ask jeeves!  




 yeah, if Okinawa was any indication, an invasion of the home islands would have been a screaming nightmare for everyone. We'd burned most of tokyo down and were firebombing japanese cities left and right, but it still would have been an awful struggle (i recall hearing estimates of a half-million dead american soldiers!) 

I think by that time *everyone* was done with the war and ready for it to end.  




 I'm guessing it's fine - bad players will be self-selected out, anyway. 




 I'm a big Lana Del Rey fan. 




 Some people can beat Doom in 15 minutes. Doesn't mean doom is an easy game, just means with experience you can do it faster. 




