 I won't know the difference if you put veggies in your "stock?"  That is laughable.  There is a reason that people wonder why restaurant  food is so good and they can't replicate it at home.  Stock is vegetable based.  What you are talking about making is broth, which is quite different from stock.  Not that it is bad or wrong, just two different things. 




 Ok.  Time justified!
 




 Roasted bones.  Start it with cold water.  Raft it clean. 

 I would like to know why op spent more than 1/2hr making stock... 




 Nope. It was a call from bartenders to let people know it was last call.  Mind your pints and quarts! 




 almost everything you need to know about feeding children

http://news.nationalpost.com/the-kids-menu/ 




 All good ones, and somehow you missed my favorite.  The one which I want believe to be true is that "the bars will be closed from 8 to 6 on Election Day."   




 Right. But why?
 




 Random trivia!  Who knows where "86'd" came from?  I mean, I do.  But I love my bar trivia.  How about "mind your p's and q's?"  Or "wet your whistle?"  Hospitality trivia is the best! 




 Will you tell the owner I have some awesome beachfront property in AZ that I would love to show her? 




 Holy shit man.  I've no knowledge of legal stuff, but can this guy be taken to court somehow? Or did he do this "above board" as to how papers were signed?  I mean, how or why would the owner or management allow free drinks?  Free drinks? what in the holy fuck? 




 I'm actually an asshole, but I'm usually really nice about it :) 




 Interesting.  I'm glad to know that the McApplegarden tocque wearing food network wanna be fucktard hacks are everywhere and not just here. I mean, it does make me sad, but how and why and what the fuck?  I'm so glad I don't have to deal with restaurants anymore if I don't want to, but this asshole puts what we do in bad light.

I was accused recently of "helping" a shop into the ground to liquidate it.  Sure sure, I bought gear after they closed.  But they were closing before I walked in there and there was nothing nobody could do about it.  Simple fact, some places should close.  But when it happens intentionally... 




 Might look good, might taste better.  But please do our trade a favor and don't call yourself a chef.  I put gas in my car and change the oil, I ain't a fucking mechanic... 




 I mean, wow?  Sounds like some people need to disappear.  Is this consultant still around?  I mean, how in the hell do you run a shop into the ground, hoping to scrap it off into the brand new shop you open down the street and not wind up in a ditch?

If you don't mind, where are you located? I'm just curious as I thought it was fucked out here.  Wanna talk about theft?  One shop here was paying $38k monthly in rent.  Yes.  That number is correct.  They did for years.  How/why is beyond me.  But it's currently in court and they got the rent *dropped* to $12k/monthly.  I'm in New Mexico BTW.  Not even NYC...

Edit to add... The sq footage of that place is about 3200... 




 How and why was this guy hired if this is all true?  Does nobody make phone calls, follow ups, or send in there troops to do some sleuthing before hiring someone into a lead management position anymore?

I know this is the kind of shit you can't make up, cause I've seen a lot in my time.  But this guy makes the strawberry cranberry and celery pie I recieved for my birthday seem to be a grammatical error... 




 Stay home, unless you want to make a bad impression as someone who can't even make a reservation on the single busiest night of the year for restaurants.   




 Yes.  It is used daily for anything and everything.  I don't own a blender because I have an awesome processer! 




 Hence the title of the post ;)

Making bacon is easy.  Before you graduate to doing hang cures and pancettas, give your hand a try at some quick cures, salt box methods, smokes, etc.  It'll give you a better grasp of what is happening during the curing/drying process.

Which book did you pick up?

FYI.  Talin has awesome small chunks of skin on pork belly.  The 99  has decent stuff too, but you have to go into that store.  Also, if you ask nicely, the kind folks at The Alpine Sausage Kitchen *might* have some whole belly to part with.  Other than that, check the carnicerias in the area if you want belly and don't have access to restaurant wholesalers. 




 that is highly unfortunate.  On both accounts. 




 the carbonara it makes...

http://i.imgur.com/Q0XN1XK.jpg 




 Pasta - 2 cups flour (plus more to dust), 2 eggs, 1 yolk, 1 tsp salt.  Processed in a food processor and cut with a hand crank roller.  

Pancetta - salt cure for 12 days.  Desalination for 36 hours.  Seasoned and hung for 3 weeks.

To make the dish.  Heat a saute pan hot hot hot.  Drop your pasta in boiling water.  Fry pancetta in a dry pan until slightly fonded and then add oil.  Fry until crisp and remove from pan, reserving fat.  In a stainless steel, warm bowl, crack an egg with 1 tsp minced garlic, punch of chopped parsley, punch of parm.  Mix and then slowly add in hot fat to create an emulsion.  Add pasta and toss.  Garnish with more parm, chopped parsley, and crisp pancetta. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2vkpef/fresh_fettuccine_carbonara_with_hatch_green_chile/ 









 My house!  I'm up in SF and currently making myself a carbonara ;) 














 "They will offer a stage to anyone..."
 
Trues words couldn't be said.  I was just looking at the "about" section of a local $25 ala cart entree restaurant that was doomed to fail from the beginning.  It lists all the places that he staged at.  I want to go in there and ask him if he can teach me how to pick herbs... 




 You we're yelled at for a 1/2 hour and you feel you're being treated unfairly?  Would you care to explain why in the fuck you are still working there?  If you're as good as you say, just go get another job.  You don't have to put up with that BS and shouldn't. 




 Please explain to me how my employee, who is producing product at a rate of $x/hr in profit, is costing me money.

Edit to add...

I was talking about hourly wages of labor.  Not the fact that people lie, cheat, and steal.  




 Labor is neglible if you are producing efficiently.   




 Well fuck that person then... 




 Maybe the reason to not be there is inside the brick and mortar?  And maybe (depending on your position in the place) the guy did call.  Wouldn't be the first time a manager or an owner lied to their employees.... 




 The Blowhard 3000 is also a perfect mushroom drying rack too! 




 100% I've been using his cardboard box smoker anywhere I don't have mine.  That man is a junkyard genius.  I opened this thread to see if someone had posted about the Blowhard 3000. 




 Also, if you drink alcohol, you can take a couple of tablespoons and dump it into a bottle of unflavored vodka and let it sit for a couple of weeks.  Filter it through cheesecloth or a fine mesh strainer and you'll have lemon vodka for drinks.  Another great use for the meyers is to make Lemoncello, which is fairly easy to do if you know anything about cooking... 




 One tsp per cup of sugar.  Shake it up and leave it in the cupboard for a few weeks.  Give it to people.  Perfect for frostings, cookies, tea sugar, etc.

Preserved lemons.  Lemon curd.  Sprinkle the dust over bowls of mixed fruit salad.  Lemon zest is also something that can be used extensively (in proper amounts) for pasta dishes. 




 Santa Fe, NM.  $50K+, 20 hours a week.  Private chef, recipe development, and restaurant consultant. 




 Try $240k ;)

But still a steal IMO... 




 No shit huh?  I stopped and ate at that place years back.  Now, when you want to talk about remote, that place is about it. 




 That is gorgeous.   




 there are a Handful of rooms sectioned off with several bathrooms.  One of the things I thought of when I looked at the space was some additional kind of production for grocery stores.  It is basically Halfway between Albuquerque and Denver.  I know for a fact that shipping pickup either way is easy and relatively cheap based upon previous work.   Just a restaurant can be made sustainable to make payments and a living, anything else would be gravy.

I see so much oppertinity in the place for the right person and little investment.  It is too bad that nobody really wants to do small town America anymore.  Then again, maybe someone will swoop this place up and do it right... 




 They want to sell it lock and key.  However, it has been on the market long enough that they would just like to get it to someone else and have mentioned that they would take a reasonable down and a % of sales until paid.  I believe that they just want to have someone else invest in the community. 




 I'm not the owner.  Just someone who has walked through of the property and has chatted with the realtor.  This was about 5 months ago.  They can't get anyone to take the property.  If we were ten years older with kids, we would jump on this place.  But the rural lifestyle isn't for us, we are actually looking to move back to the city.  However, I know for many people, this is a dream.

Random place in the middle of fucking nowhere.  Raton, NM has a population under 7K on I-25 between Santa Fe NM and Denver, CO.  In all honesty, a prime location that someone could make a mint at.  Simply because it is just off the interstate in the middle of nowhere and with social media, it would be easy to drive traffic.

There are so many benefits to this property is is crazy.  A rancher just across the way with organic certification who raises pig, cow, chicken, and goat.  Multiple hippie farms in the area growing veg.  The community would kill for an awesome cook to move into town and set up shop.  For what it is, this place could be had for a steal IMO.

It is right on a main shipping route corridor.  Traffic count on the freeway is huge.  The area is beautiful with great access to skiing, back packing, mushroom hunting, and everything else landlocked outdoors.  The kitchen has brand new stainless.  There are buildings to spare.  Which, to me would mean two things.  Smokehouse and curing room.

This place isn't for everyone, but it is looking for a new home.  Maybe I'm just trying to pay it forward in helping someone else out.  Or maybe I'm just killing time until the next piece of wood needs to hit the coals...

Happy smoking saturday r/bbq!

http://santafe.craigslist.org/bfs/4865647772.html
 




 ....and this is why I quit doing fine dining. 




 Thanks.  It is my goal to take the knowledge I've accumulated and out it into a PDF cookbook/reference guide for ya'll.  You too can make sandwiches like this! 




 Crusty hoagie roll and yes. 




 RI?  You have me mistaken for someone else... 




 Thanks.  You have to take extra special care in cutting the hinge, otherwise you can't eat your sammich with one hand! 




 Not usually.  I hate throwing food out ;) 




 Sing it with me!  "Hoagies and grinders, hoagies and grinders..." 









 Proportions?  It'll be in the book ;)

I typically make about a half gallon at a time.  It keeps at least 2 weeks, probably about 3 if stored correctly.  I've never had it go bad or mold... 




 farmers cheese

http://i.imgur.com/ppMxSFg.jpg 




 Colby, sharp white cheddar, med orange cheddar, pepper jack, pecorino, parm, mozz, dry farmers. 









 Yep.  Ya do. 









 That is one of the best ideas for a pool ever. 




 Fuck the knife.  I care about the table. 




 Grub on!  But why would you stand there and take a picture of a guy using a serrated blade on a stainless steel table? 




 You can stop talking about federal and state funding.  The argument behind it is invalid.  Simply because we already place those funds in other areas.  The money is currently allotted.  It is about application of resources.

It is called capitalism and economics inside the manufacturing process.  For sometime, solar has been at the break even point.  However, because it hasn't been inside the consumer marketplace, you can't even discuss how profitable it is.  The simple fact (and this comes directly out of the mouths of the manufactures) that over half of the built solar technology never sees the sun, refutes the claim that it isn't "profitable."  We honestly don't know if it is, or isn't.

But tell me this.  How can you say is not profitable, when I/you/Joe Blow can outfit a house to be off the electrical grid here, pretty much anywhere in NM, for around $10K in material?  Would you like to rephrase your statement and say that solar isn't profitable for the companies that currently run our energy exchanges?  Or would you like to hold onto the stance of being a fucking dumbass? 




 By Crom all mighty man, in New Mexico liquor licenses sell starting at 50K and push up to 500K.  Depending on where and what kind.  And that ain't even the tax.  That is just the permission to sell.  Or you can opt to lease them from the private holder (if allowed by the state) to the tune of $3-5K monthly and then pay the state an operation + sales tax on top of it.  I say, $25k?  Do it and consider yourself lucky.   




 As long as the old guard is in power, we won't have things like this.  The current NM administration is against alternatives to fossil fuels and will fight them every step of the way.

For example.  When the new Walmart was proposed to be built in Santa Fe, there was a community cry to demand that if construction was to be built, that water cisterns and solar panels be required on the building.  It was in traction in the city and county.  Martinez's team came in and squashed it. 




 Yeah, about that.  This is a misconception based upon information that is 30 years old.  Just FYI. 




 Less than that. Like 4:1?   




 To a certain extent, yes.  Can you control the environment in that way?  No.  It is a good trick for at home use, I do it all the time.  For those experimenting and getting a hang of how salt works, it is a good trick.  However, I would call the consistency of the mush I make to be wet salt, rather than salted water. 




 Most states allow for curing on site and selling directly via retail, but have different provisions for wholesale.  Standard safety procedures and they don't care about pink nothing.

Start with bacon and pancetta first.  Salt box cures, smokes, and short hangs.  Easy easy.  Move to duck prosciutto.  These 3 cures you can do open air in your garage if you like. Than move to coppa and other small whole muscle.  After that, start dealing with grinds.

You can set up a curing chamber for under $350 if you have a suitable fridge.  Double doors are best, but a beverage fridge works just fine. Don't have one? grab a refab for $200.  Just make sure the seals are good.  If you need instructions to build one and where to order the humidifiers and what not, let me know.

This shit is a science. But is has also been happening in caves along the seashore of the Mediterranean for ages. As others have said, you can kill people.  But chances are that you won't.

Don't bullshit with the nitrate and nitrites.  They are necessary.  They are dangerous.  But don't listen to anyone tell you that they are bad for you.  Science says otherwise and some quick research will help you educate others on the matter.

Curing meat is fun. 




 Sure sure.  Some people can do that.  It is quite rare though.  However, I highly doubt your internet toughness since you can't format or spell... 




 Fucking whatever.  Wages are so low because people like you accept them. 




 what the fuck did you just say? 




 What to call this?  A reason to learn how to cook? 




 or maybe he doged a bullet because he doesn't live to work. 




 Reccomendations please!  I'm headed that way at the end of March :) 




 Why?
 




 Hot pastrami with kraut. 




 I don't understand how it would be strange.  I'm in New Mexico and all the good "native" food here is a cross between spanish and mexican.   




 St. Louis and Decatur. Been there 60+ years.  They rip off drunks, tourists, and lawyers alike.  That place is legit.  




 In all honesty, both. 



















 The general rule is that if you show up with baked goods or a casserole and are willing to move some wood, you are welcome by the fire.  I've met a bunch distant family out there... 




 Now that is something I feel to be completely within the real of reason.  I've been trying to explain such things to my vegetarian girlfriend.  She doesn't get it. 




 Bigger piece had just been washed of a green chile cure.

Top white - preserved lemon salt pork

Middle Black - Hatch Green Chile "pancetta"

Bottom red - Chimayo Red Chile rubbed and cold smoked 




 Not much.  Bigger piece is about 2 1/2.  So I'd say somewhere between 4-5 total.   




 Every time I stop by her place, she hands me a jar.  I never know what kind it is until we check the notebook.  The jars are pulled off the shelf in the back room where there are hundreds more, all waiting for hands like mine.  Mom is a real gem.  No one goes without and while we can talk about barter, she always says the best trade you can give is some more room in your heart for her and to share your bounty with others.  I wish there were more people like this in the world.

http://i.imgur.com/uVTEItk.jpg 









 Dammit!  Now you have me questioning my sensibilities... 




 I attempt to live my life Swason approved.  Tomorrow I will go buy another whole belly to get my standards up. 




 I don't want to over complicate anything or try 15 different attempts to get these right.  Simply because I probably will never make these again.  There is so much just terrible BS online of what people call good, it is hard to sift.  I'm hoping someone can go *poof* here you go! 




 I pulled the piece on the left out of salt a bit ago to desalinate.  And I realized, while I finished off another end piece last night, I still had 3 other pieces in the fridge...  









 A friends mom passed away suddenly and I was asked if I could make scones for the reception next week.  I have no clue what I'm doing in those regards.  I'm a trained and accomplished cook, but baking vegan food is off my radar.  Any help would be greatly appreciated... 




 That is just impressive.  I mean, I understand the other posters questions of how/where/why and all that.  I mean, the first thing that went through my head was "Where in the hell did that happen and why was I not there?"

I mean, holy hell.  That is absolutely not necessary.  But I can't believe how awesome it is.

The only real question I think should be addressed is how can that be wrapped in bacon? 




 A couple of other pics from the making...

http://i.imgur.com/nCBRS66b.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/fCX6Oyub.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/I91T0Ydb.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/auWCp5Vs.jpg

 




 I'm making posole with red chile rubbed and smoked chicken thighs and green chile smoked lardons.  So far, all the components are fairly fantastic... 









 I'm not going to go thru to many details in a public forum nor via reddit PM.  Do you have an online portfolio of places you've opened/flipped/fixed?  PM me an email and we can take it there...

How would you feel if I told you that with a little help I could walk into any market, tailor a restaurant to the local demographic, and start turning a profit in short order?  Having a large market such as LA   SD, are you looking to keep that vicinity?  Or are you willing to branch? 




 Where are you located?
 




 About?
 




 Thanks!  And I'll tell you the same thing as everyone else who tells me I should be slinging grub out of a shop - if you have $100K you want to float to open a restaurant, I'll either pay you back 10 points in 2 years or double your money in 5.  Your choice.  No BS and for real.  I can provide the numbers for it.  If ya got it and you're interested, lets talk :)

In short, yes I have an extensive culinary background... 




 I'm currently in Santa Fe.  I'm getting ready to move somewhere to open a sandwich shop or truck.  Dunno where yet though.  In the meantime, I'm in the process of writing a couple of cookbooks. One being about sandwiches from scratch. 




 Next time, crack up the heat on your press by 50 degrees.  Before it hits the press, throw it on the cool side of your flat top.  Toss a bowl over it and steam that fucker for a minute on each side.  Then, brush it with butter and put it in the press.  

Two things will happen, both of which will give you a better sandwich.  One, your cheese will be melted and it will be hot through.  Two.  You will get a nice crispy and brown butter crust on the bread.  Seriously, give it a try.  This technique will enhance your skills/palate as a cook and simply improve your life through better sandwiches.  No bullshit.  If you would like verification that I know what the fuck I talk about...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 Well, I'm going to have to do something like that.  I didn't realize people would want something like this.  Folks are even offering to pay me and I'm all, fuck man, I just want to make some snacks... 




 That is basically what I've been working on. 




 Carbonated water. 




 Ummm.....  I just winged it.  Something like this...

1 and 1/2 pound cheese (I had chvre, cream, and goat ricotta in the fridge)

4 eggs

3 or 4 T cream to thin if needed

Seasoning (fine herbs, savory, etc)

Bake at 350 in a half blind baked tarts shell until set and lightly browned, approx 30-35 min. 




 I do restaurant consulting, recipe development, and private chef/catering work.  Plus I teach food, foraging, and work with local ranchers and farmers min/maxing their productions.  I work, but not for other people and only on my terms.  I'm just blessed with a girl who is happy to pay my daily rate to keep me home ;)

However.  She would eat like that every day regardless if I still pulled 50hr weeks.  I like food and believe everyone should eat well.   




 I'll tell you what.  I'm in the process of finishing up a couple of cookbooks.  One of em is to be tailored to Redditors/office workers specifically on this topic, based upon all the work I've done for my girl over the last 2 years.  Writing a book on the matter wasn't something I wanted to do, it was requested from her coworkers and from some random redditors.

I currently have it slimmed down to 60 different boxed lunches with recipes for them all, 5 items in each lunch (300 recipes).  I'd like to trim it down to about half that.  If you're interested in getting a copy when I'm done, PM me and I'll add your name to the list of recipients.  It will be in PDF and tablet formats and I'm hoping to have it done in the next 6-8 weeks. 




 I'd like to think so.  But it is part of our deal.  She likes having a personal chef at home, I don't want to work for other people.  We both seem to be making out well with this arrangement... 




 Think about single serving water bottles as ice blocks (20oz bottles work best for me).  They will keep a lunchbox sized cooler cold for a day and you don't have to worry about the blue freeze packs leeking fluid.

What you are asking about is something that I do daily for my GF.  Down to the fact that she doesn't have a fridge at work, but a nuke.  She works 12-14hr shifts, so I send her a lot of grub.  Today, I sent a piece of goat cheese quiche, mixed fruit salad, hummus and tzatziki with dipping veg, applesauce, sloppy joe mix, bubble water, and chocolate truffles.

I write weeks of menus for her at a time.  If you need ideas, shout away... 




 Hanging over the kitchen sink.  That is straight up legit. 




 you are almost correct.  however, it is fett.  i also don't want to offend the internet police and call something a carbonara that has vegetables in it... 




 That cheese is softened by indirect heat.  It is melted. 









 Sure sure.  But just because you know how to cook an omelette, it doesn't mean that you know how, or should be trusted, to raise hens.  You simply don't have the experience to do so. 




 You've been trying to interview for jobs since you were 10?  And people don't take you seriously?  You're going to claim 12 years experience at 22?  Experience in what?  Stacking boxes?   




 This pic is how I rack a piece of meat (no more than 2 inches) to air cure for more than 24 hours without a humidifier.  Make sure the pepper/seasoned crust is nice and tight.  Hit the meat and the salt in the pan with a spray mister ever other day.  As long as you have your ratios proper and the temp is under 55, you're good like this.  Duck breast is 1 day down, 4 or 5 days up using this method.  I've taken pork belly up to a month.  Rib eyes do well like this too. 




 http://i.imgur.com/nR0dtNq.jpg 




 Don't be scared.  It's not rocket science.  Don't fuck with the humidifier in the garage, it's not worth it.  Specifically if you have things that you don't want damp.  I can help you set it up to where you can slide a pan onto a shelf and you're good.  If you're interested.  As long as you have an under 55 degree room, a child can set it up to do open air month long cures.  I mean, if they can read.  I always tell people that if you can bake cookies you can make bacon AND beer.

I've been curing meat in my garage, spare bedrooms, fridges, chambers, at salumi makers, and hanging up in a damn tree outside in the middle of winter for years.  Don't be scared.  Worse thing that is going to happen (if you're not a fucking dumbass) is you get a little belly gurgle.  Live a little.  Take a fucking chance.  People have been dealing with food this way for thousands of years.  I don't understand why people are so afraid of germs and bacteria.  Don't be afraid of Darwin.  Know and understand him and you'll do just fine ;)

Smokehouse.  You said a magic word there.  That is a different beast all together, 100%.  But, it is some of the same principles.  And if you still have access to a smokehouse, good for you.  That is a piece of history and Americana that most people have never even heard of.  And yet was a staple on every farm until the early 1900's... 




 Well, it depends on if you think you know what you're doing.  But people have being doing stranger things with their cured meats for a lot longer than you've been thinking about it.  I mean, seriously.  Think about the conditions people have been doing this kind of preserving in around the Mediterranean.  For thousands of years.  It has only been the last 100 years or so that we've had any kind of hard scientific data on all of it. 




 Under 45 for some time now.  It bottomed out at 34 a couple of weeks ago when it was seriously fucking cold out. 




