 It was always $550 here 




 Huh... I would totally watch that  




 I think it was Raiju 




 No he didn't. He took several hits from fists and swords, followed by a direct hit by a nuclear bomb, before Gispsy's super powerful nuclear powered vortex turbine being fired full blast into his chest at point blank range finally killed him. 




 605 feet?

The new 2014 Godzilla is the biggest Godzilla has ever been and he's 350 feet. He was originally about 160 feet.

Godzilla certainly is more durable, and his radioactive breath and seemingly supernatural strength and healing abilities make him insanely powerful, but Slattern would still be a pretty worthy opponent for him. Plus we never really get a clear description of what exactly Slattern is capable of.

Due to Godzilla's radioactive breath and his ability to seemingly gain strength and power and heal himself whenever the plot requires, he'd probably be a Cat 6, but Cat 7 seems a little crazy and is downplaying the size of strength of Slattern a considerable amount.

Although it's really hard to put Godzilla and other Kaiju into the Pacific Rim class system because of how much their size and strength and abilities change from movie to movie.
 




 Slattern took a nuclear blast at close range and was pretty much fine afterwards  




 Jeez what movie is this from? That's pretty graphic 




 This is fake 




 Tell it to the judge, buddy 




 No one said anything was wrong with it 




 Leo didn't win because he isn't good enough. He makes solid enjoyable movies and always gives a good performance, but he is rarely ever in the same league as the nominees he is up against. Just because he's cool and hip and his moves are usually the most widely accessible and fun among the usual darker, more serious (or 'challenging' or however you'd like to describe it) competition doesn't mean he deserves to win anything.  




 That sounds horrendously depressing  




 Huh, I guess it's just because of the size of the buildings in New York, but I would have thought the Millenium Godzilla was larger than Zilla.
 
Although it's hard to tell since Zilla's size changed so much in that movie anyway 




 How big is Zilla 98 compared to these guys? 




 Also that is clearly Tom Wilkinson as Andrew Johnson, not 'Dennis Clark' 




 You got the touch... 




 No King Ghidorah, Mothra, Rodan or Mechagodzilla? Not even Biollante? But Megalon makes the list? Above Destroyah? Booo, sir. 




 I have no idea who that is  




 It's just a poster  




 Is that all he said about it? 




 Maybe Gareth Edwards is just a Slash fan 




 According to IMDb that scene was only put in the movie for the sole purpose that it could be cut out to appease the ratings board, so that Scorsese could get away with the more important violent scenes throughout the rest of the film that he didn't want to cut out. 




 Oh man, all the rumors were true 




 I think he's talking about the brony with short hair 




 It's a very common saying here in Australia unfortunately  




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkDFBVczcGY 




 This makes Drive Angry and Getaway look like big budget summer blockbusters. How can this look so bad 




 Something about pick up lines referencing God just creeps me out so much 




 Subtly? Really?  




 I was hoping that too, but I think we all knew this was going to happen. CGI is just so much easier and cheaper these days, and having actual animatronics on location could result in too many problems to be worth it to them. It's a real shame and I'm gonna miss the awesome practical effects. 




 I think that actually looks much better. Indy 4 had a really 'fake' look to it. Yours looks much nicer. 




 Jurassic Park is one of my all time favorite movies, and when I was a kid I absolutely loved all 3 movies. So I'll try to explain why, to me, the second two don't hold up anymore like the first one does.

Really boring stories, with no sense of wonder and discovery and science and wondering 'could this happen in real life?" Just generic stranded on an island with monsters plotlines. The Lost World has some potentially interesting ideas but didn't go anywhere with them.

Really dull and dreary tone. Jurassic Park was 50% fun and joy and childlike wonder, and then 50% terror and fear and tension. 2 and 3 were just bland, not very engaging, leaving us waiting for something exciting to happen.

Boring characters. Jurassic Park had fun lovable realistic characters, 2 and 3 were filled with pretty generic two dimensional dinosaur-meals. Even Jeff Goldblum and Sam Neill didn't seem like they were acting like their characters from the first. Pete Postlethwaite in The Lost World is an exception.

Didn't do anything new or interesting with the dinosaurs. Jurassic Park made the dinosaurs seem real and amazing, like we had never seen before. It was new and exciting and made them feel like real living animals, and brought on all the emotions of wonder and amazement, and then fear, that comes with that. In 2 and 3, sure all our favorites came back, and there were some new ones, but they just felt like monsters.

Frankly 2 and 3 just felt lazy and boring and uninspired. None of the cast or crew seemed very enthusiastic about churning out more cash-in installments. Acting was meh. Direction was meh. Story was meh. No emotions or excitement or fun or discovery or wonder. Just dinosaurs killing generic characters. The Lost World had a potentially interesting premise, and some of the action set pieces were alright, but as a whole it was flat and dull and pointless. And then Jurassic Park 3 felt like a lame cheap sci-fi tv movie.

Jurassic Park made you feel like you were there and captured your imagination. It was a new and exciting experience like never before. 2 and 3 were just excuses to watch more people get eaten by monsters for 90 minutes.

That's just my opinion anyway.
 




 That's creepy as shit 




 If I owned a museum I would totally hire this guy to make dinosaurs. These are insanely cool 




 [oh my god I can't waaaaiit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwamV1fbYQk) 




 Dude. It is your duty to be our secret inside man. Do it for all of us Jurassic Park geeks. 




 Godammit Ennis 




 I haven't seen it, but I believe so. 

Dark Knight had the same thing where the 65mm IMAX shots and scenes were a different aspect ratio than the rest of the scenes. Most of the movie was normal widescreen, whereas the action sequences and shots of the city were more 'full screen' or 'square'.

MI4 had IMAX shots as well, but the aspect ratio was made to be the same as the rest of the movie. I guess it depends on whether or not the director wants that fluctuating widescreen effect.  









 35mm is the normal film size. 65mm is double size and is not so normal. Gives a much better quality, larger, richer, grander picture. Basically like bigger better resolution on your screen.

Sound of Music, Ben-Hur, Lawrence of Arabia, 2001, Samsara and recently The Master were filmed on 65mm. Chris Nolan uses it sometimes for special shots or sequences. It's a pretty big difference if you look at them side by side.

IMAX uses 65mm film as well, but I think you get a larger image due to aspect ratio... Or something... I don't actually know much about IMAX at all.

I'm guessing Colin will be doing this film Nolan style. Most of the scenes will probably be 35mm like a normal film, and then probably the big sweeping scenery shots of beautiful Hawaii will be 65mm, if not some of the actions sequences as well. (Hopefully)

Frankly it's great to see that it's being shot on film at all as opposed to digital. 









 What every fuck is that 




 I feel like the mountainous regions are a bit too big, making the city a little too small  




 Octodaaaaaaaad

Nobody suspects a thing  




 I used to have a horse that was best friends with another horse at the local stables. They used to freak out whenever they were separated.  




 Looks like they're melting 




 Doesn't this movie come out in May? Whether or not this particular source is bullshit or not, surely we're gonna start getting new trailers or posters or details or whatever in the next month or so 




 Cundy or Kaminski. Jurassic Park 3 was shot and lit like a cheap sci fi tv show. 

But it'll probably be a completely new guy. 




 Aw man this is fantastic

why was this deleted 




 What a terribly written, impossible to understand, and hideously long title for such a well known repost 




 Oh, so the 2xp thing I'm seeing isn't the Premium one? And it's not even working? Faaaaantastic 




 It doesn't run into the gate, it runs into the back of the cage 




 Danny Chan as Bruce Lee! Or Kwok Kwan Chan. Or Danny Chan Kwok Kwan. Whatever the dude's name is. Get him. 




 eeewww 




 Anyone know when the PS4 version is coming out? 




 I only like Quentin Tarantino's first three films. All the characters in his movies tend to be one dimensional cartoon characters and his movies never have any interesting depth or character development. It's just silly unrealistic dialogue, references and homages, and everyone trying way too hard to be cool. Django was alright as a fun silly bloody action movie but that's about it. Nothing special.

I don't like Jennifer Lawrence or Bradley Cooper or Ryan Gosling. Leo DiCaprio is alright sometimes I guess. The Departed was his last 'believable' performance.

The Dark Knight was great, but Inception was just okay, and Dark Knight Rises sucked. Unless he stops with the big budget action crap and goes back to smaller more personal thrillers I don't really care about Chris Nolan anymore.

I really don't like Marvel films. Or Wes Anderson films. They always both have great casts though I keep seeing them. I guess that's my bad.

EDIT: A lot of posts here are getting downvoted for having crazy opinions, which kinda goes against the whole point of the thread 




 Would be nice if these were all in a chronological line, instead of separated into two rows 




 Just like everything Mark Millar does then  




 Didn't HP Lovecraft have a cat named Niggerboy or something? Or was that just in one of his stories?  




 Did your teacher molest you too? 




 Awesome, thank you. 




 Oh man thank you so much. Watching this little clip instantly gave me an insane jolt of recollection. I remembered this cartoon so incredibly clearly despite not ever thinking about it in years. I remember watching this as a kid and loving it. 




 Boogie Nights has always felt like the third in a trilogy along with Goodfellas and Casino.

Both Goodfellas and Casino, and now Wolf of Wall Street, show off what I think Scorsese is best at, showing us a crazy stylized alluring at first, but ultimately corrupt and doomed, fast paced get-rich-quick type scenario, that gradually falls apart as we see more of the horrible things that happen as a consequence, and how money and power corrupt the characters.

Scorsese is great at taking the classic rise and fall, American dream type movie, showing it in a twisted and corrupt light, and cranking everything up to eleven. Boogie Nights is so clearly aiming for the exact same motif, just in the porn world instead of the gangster world. PTA totally understood and reinterpreted and nailed everything Scorsese was going for.

American Hustle felt like it was trying for a similar vibe but just did not hit the mark.

Everything in Boogie Nights, the shots, the scenes, the characters, the cinematography, the pacing, the music, even the way the camera moves, is all dripping with Scorsese's influence. It totally feels like a twisted alternate-porn version of Goodfellas and I love the hell out of it. 




 A lot of hate for Aussies? How so? 




 Sorry things didn't work out between you and your sister, bro  




 What an honor to be murdered by that man. I'm sure your family will understand. 




 It's not out here in Australia yet  




 Keitel has been in just as many Scorsese movies as Leo has.

And it's really weird that there's randomnly Cinematographers/editors/whatever for some and not for others. Most of these filmmakers tend to use the same cinematographers and editors for most of their movies, most famously the Coens and Roger Deakins, but instead there's a sound department guy.

But most importantly this is not what muse means. 




 I choose to believe it was a martial arts induced seizure 




 Can you tell us anything else interesting? No spoilers of course. 




 Wow the hypetrain for this movie is insane!

http://www.slashfilm.com/early-buzz-gareth-evans-the-raid-2-sundance-2014/

There are some awesome twitter quotes there.

Also, apparently the movie had the be paused half way through because a dude passed out. Several other viewers took this opportunity to leave because the movie was too "intense" and "violent"

 




 I feel like that whole whymsical non sensical fairy tale-esque world was an intentional reference to Adventure Time. Just a much darker version. 




 Call me crazy, but I thought that the dude that H Macy talks to on the phone about car registration numbers or whatever was also played by Bruce Campbell. 




 It's a shame that they don't do anything together anymore. They were clearly great friends in the 80s and 90s and loved working together. Although their careers have certainly gone in very different directions.

Joel was an assistant editor on Evil Dead. Joel and Ethan both wrote Crimewave, which Raimi directed. Sam Raimi had a cameo in Miller's Crossing. Joel and Ethan were credited as  'developers' for Darkman

Bruce Campbell was also in the Hudsucker Proxy, which Raimi co-wrote, had a small cameo in, and was the second unit director on.

Plus Raimi's A Simple Plan feels a lot like a Coen Brothers film.

And Sam Raimi and Joel Coen also both had cameos together in the 1985 Dan Akroyd and Chevy Chase comedy Spies Like Us for some reason. 




 Nice work man, congratulations! Your 'before' pic is pretty much exactly where I am now, so I'd love some tips. Especially with diet.

Also you looked like Timmy from WKUK 




 I'm both seething with jealousy and hiding a confusing erection.

What an offensively handsome man. 




 This scene was so so awesome, and everything that a movie like this should be, I just wish it were longer. 

I feel like the whole movie was steadily building up to this big epic finale, and then this scene was over within ten minutes to make room for a much more bland and disappointing final fight under the ocean.

Also I did not realize that part with the office building was done with a miniature. That's insanely cool.

How did this movie not get nominated for best special effects? 




 Turns out they were all hiding waiting to jump out, but then he pulled out his camera and started whining and saying how shitty everything and everyone was so they just waited for him to leave 




 One thing that seems to be different is I haven't seen any sort of vehicles or vehicular combat, which a huge part of what made Halo multiplayer so much fun for me 




 I really hope Jake Johnson isn't in it  




 This design probably has the slimmest thighs of all the Godzillas. (Aside from the  98 American version) 




 I think Colin Farrel has been going through kind of a semi come back since In Bruges  




 That's all I need to see to know I'm getting this day one.

Also, when's American Vampire coming back?  




 Go go Godzilla 




 Cool, great interview! The secrecy around this movie is *killing* me. Still so far away. 




 Me and my friend used to watch that movie aaaaall the time when we were younger. Thank you for reminding me that it exists so I can watch it again.

(It's called Road Kill here)  




 The Raid makes Dredd look like Power Rangers  




 Not for DVDs though  




 Harvey Keitel deserves to be in this

EDIT: Also Frank Vincent.  




 Where do all these crazy exotic super car show things keep happening? 




 Whoop, I misread your post and thought it said Asylum, not Origins 




 I was just wondering how do developers get the rights to use version cars and how complicated is the actual process?

It seems pretty simple, but then you have games that hardly feature any cars vs games with hundreds of cars, then a huge franchise like Forza not being able to use Porsches, then Need for Speed not having Ferraris for like a decade, but now their new game has them. Do developers pay to use a certain brand of car, and then use whatever they want, or do they have to pay by each car?  




 Long Halloween is an absolute must. Read it right away. 

Arkham City is actually a phenomenal Batman story, a super fun game, and a great expansion and compliment to Arkham Asylum, so definitely get right into that as soon as possible. Don't bother with Arkham Origins.

Then just go through the recommended reading on this sub teddies sidebar  




 Home is run no more  




 More like Thirst  




 Me and my friends watch this movie together at least once a year. So much fun. 




 This whole trailer is definitely a lot 'softer' and less brutal than the red band trailer. 




 Neil deGrasse Tyson and Kevin Smith are the best ones 




 Whoa this looks insane and huge!

The first one worked so well because of the simple, no bullshit, real time plot and structure, so I was a little worried that this one would have too many characters and subplots and just end up being silly. 

But this looks just as action packed and awesome as the first. One of my most anticipated movies of next year for sure. These guys know how to take what could be a relatively generic and boring martial arts action movie idea and make it insane and fresh and unique.

Although I'm a little bummed that Joe Taslim can't return, but even more excited that they managed to work Yayan Ruhian back into the mix. 




 I think Audis are the sexiest cars in the world, but I really prefer them with silver trim around the grill and windows 




 Dammit Scotty, you weren't supposed to know 




 I can't wait for him to reach his final form and become SnoopLord 




 The T-rex was not originally in the cargo hold. Watch again when it gets captured. It gets put into a cage, which sits on the deck of the ship. 

When the boat crashes into the dock, you can see the cage all busted up and broken open, and some of the chewed up crew members managed to lock it down in the cargo hold. 




 No 




 Less than one minute of screen time? What does he even do in the movie? 




 Also that scene from DKR was clearly an homage to the opening scene in Licence to Kill 




 All he said was he didn't want to hype Louis CK on his show. Seemed more like a joke about promoting another comedian on his show rather than talking shit about him. 




 I've just found Louis CK's [apartment](http://i.imgur.com/tX3kPJM.jpg?1) now on Google Maps thanks to this comment. I feel creepy. 




 I just watched the Chris Rock episode yesterday and I didn't hear anything like that 

EDIT: It was the Carl Reiner/Mel Brooks episode and it just seemed like a joke about Seinfeld not wanting to promote another comedian on his show. 




