























































































































 In Excel, I plotted the primary votes for the Tasmanian Greens, Australian Greens and New Zealand Greens since they started contesting elections. 























































































































 I downloaded the data from the OECD family database.

In Excel, I plotted the child poverty rates for households with no workers, one worker and two workers in the house. 


















































































































 The data was extracted from The data appendix from Becker, Gary S., Tomas J. Philipson, and Rodrigo R. Soares. The Quantity and Quality of Life and the Evolution of World Inequality, NBER Working Paper No. 9765 (June 2003).

I plotted in Excel the real GDP and life expectancy increased GDP equivalent of growth for Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong for the period 1965 to 1995. 




















































































 The data was downloaded from the OECD 2014 factbook.

In Excel I plotted the average tax rate on workers without children to Australia, New Zealand, the UK and USA 










































































 The date is from OECD StatExtract.

In Excel, I plotted the real minimum wages, PPP, of Australia, New Zealand, the USA and UK. 
































































 If a particular economist was any good at forecasting, he would keep quite and trade on own account. 









 The data was downloaded from the OECD database.

In Excel, I plotted child poverty rates by family type. 



















































































































































































 I extracted the data from the appendix to Becker, Gary S., Tomas J. Philipson, and Rodrigo R. Soares. The Quantity and Quality of Life and the Evolution of World Inequality, NBER Working Paper No. 9765 (June 2003).

In Excel, I then plotted the improvements in GDP per capita and GDP per capita adjusted for increased life expectancy for Australia, New Zealand, Canada, the USA, and England   Wales. 




























































































































 The data was downloaded from the OECD family database.

In Excel, I plotted the single parent employment rates against child poverty rates for Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Canada, the UK and the USA. 




















































































