 Just can't help but thinking of Klitschko utterly destroying this girl... 




 I don't. I was bullied for my dad dying. Again, don't feel sorry for him.  




 Dont worry. They're most likely fake. At least I hope. 




 I don't. I've had a lot worse shit negatively affect my life than being in a blockbuster movie, and I'm doing just fine. Rub some dirt on it. 




 For people out of the loop. 

http://www.reddit.com/user/concerneddad1965/submitted/ 




 Wait... are you telling me girls play Twitch with their tits out?  




 SHAME 




 Same situation happened to a friend of mine. She hasn't spoken to her mother in 4 years because of it. 




 Think those were spandex underneath  




 doot doot 




 You're welcome 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3104cq/boyfriend_and_i_got_the_same_valentines_day_car/cpxmg0q 




 Thanks man. I really do appreciate it. This may or may not apply to you, but it's a life lesson I learned through a tragic example: never let stubbornness get in the way of your health. My dad was having bad heartburn but skipped his Dr appointment. A week later he died of a heart attack in a Texas hotel room. 




 He was working with the NY Times on the story, which he broke open, reporting for them and for the local daily here in Bermuda. The reporters he was working with got the award. He didn't.  




 Mine died when I was 12. Power-washed his grave today, then sat by his headstone with a 6-pack and bawled like I was 12 again. At 1130 am. 

He was a journalist. Nearly won a pulitzer after exposing the US for storing nuclear depth bombs in my country. I'm a journalist now too. 




 Sorry.

#(  _ ) 




  their

#()  




 It's really ok. Thank you for your apology 




 It's so bad you think it's actually intentional.  




 If you knew anything about the Romani you'd know their living situation is their own choosing. Many don't need to beg and have a fair amount of wealth, but do it because that's "their culture". They are professional thieves and vagrants. I had no problem hitting a Romani woman in the nose when she tried to steal my camera on the Spanish Steps. 




 Despite your childish comment, I actually did that at a coffee shop this week. GOT is the only thing I ever have to talk about with the super hot barista, and we got a bit over zealous. A poor couple waiting in line plugged their ears and started shouting "LALALALALALA"... but it was too late. Sorry cute hipster couple.  




 First time I saw that show, 100% thought it was a hilarious reality tv spoof. 




 Oh hey, it's ~~/r/quityourbullshit's~~ /r/TodayIBullshitted's favourite redditor! 




 Carpet or blanket? 




 Not as bad as Throatzilla 




 Humping. Breeding. 




 There are a few German military dog breeders that are still in operation after being started by the Nazi's. IIRC they still breed shepherds with grey wolves every 18th generation to create new lines that don't have any of the problems the breed suffers from today.

My uncle has one of the breeder's dogs that were rejected by the military. Not sure how much he bought him for, he won't say, but he gets well over $500 from studding him out. 




 somebody for the love of god ELI5 




 Father was born in Toronto. Spent my summers in Banff growing up. Went to Camp Onandoga. UWO. Moving to Toronto in September.

Sorry. 




 the fuck outta here with that weak ass frou frou bullshit. It's piqued. 

http://grammarist.com/spelling/peak-peek-pique/ 




 Sorry 




 [Wrong.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/dinosaurs/11519933/Brontosaurus-raised-from-dead-as-scientists-rule-dinosaur-did-exist.html)

Tryin'a step up with that weak ass, frou frou bullshit. The fuck outta here. 




 Sorry to be that guy... but the word is "piqued" 




 The newspaper I worked for in Bermuda actually shipped Saddam a pair of Bermuda shorts when the Daily Mail ran this story. I had the idea to do it again years later with a politician I was close to, after the Houston Chronicle ran a story making fun of our lone Winter Olympian during the opening ceremony at Sochi.

You can read the story [here](http://www.royalgazette.com/article/20140211/NEWS/140219953). 









 Well that's that then. No need to intervene. They did it to themselves, folks. Our hands are clean! 




 Jesus, Coaster. Calm your tits. 




 Ooooh so much butthurt in one comment. Over imaginary internet points... You ok little faggot? Did your daddy take his dick out of your mouth too early today? That must've made you terribly cranky 




 I see this is going to be one of those threads where OP should just shut up and keep the filthy karma 




 That was my comment...... 




 I actually wasn't trying to make it seem like I saw this IRL, was just posting my opinion on what I think is a dopey ad. You can see I posted pretty much the same comment when I came across it earlier today in /r/adporn.  




 I guess she missed that LPT post 




 [$3.50 please](http://1.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/53/64/c256000587089393b73898e581adf237-fat-girl-fails-to-jump-over-bar.gif) 




 Meow? Did I just say meow? 




 You strike me as the type to make wild assumptions about strangers on the internet. 




 This fucking girl behind me wouldn't shut up during Jurassic World. Lost her shit when Claire went running from a T-Rex in heels. "HEELS? HAHAHAHAHA"

You're watching a movie with a T Rex in it and you're complaining that the protagonist has heels on? 




  ,

...  




 3edgy5moi 




 Fuck off you cadaverous little cumspitoon.  




 I get that. I was just making a joke. But it stands to reason that a person seeking out a park bench doesn't need to be told to run at that given moment. And that's kinda the point of ambient advertising. To deliver a message to people at a specific moment, where that message might be motivational, or aspirational, or just clever and helpful. The only specific moments I see arising from this are bedraggled workers looking for a bench to have their lunch on, only to find a benchless bench with Nike telling them run.  









 Jesus. Nobody is debating the relative ease of being a presenter vs construction worker in Qatar. I'm just saying it's a shitload harder than it looks, and it takes a lot of skill. 




 You can't commit a crime in retaliation for a crime, Sir Lightbulb. And get your shit together with those contradicting Z's and S's. 




 Pretty retarded if you ask me. What's the message here? Run instead of sitting down on a park bench? Those two activities have nothing to do with each other. I just want to eat my sandwich and enjoy some fresh air during my lunch break, not have some holier than thou shoe company tell me to fucking run. Run where? Back to my cubicle? Fuck you Nike. 




 I've seen fellas like you in court A LOT 









 It's not as simple as just reading your lines because the camera picks up your eyes moving. You have to look into the teleprompter and read with your peripheral vision. I invite you to give that a go without looking or sounding like a moron.  




 Or just ignore it and add assaulting a police officer to the charges. 




 Oh Heidi.... You tried, hun. You tried. 




 Former TV news presenter here. She deserves more than props. Karl throws her a segment ahead of time and she goes straight into it and delivers her lines straight into the camera, with only a brief glance at her script, before realizing the teleprompter is showing the script for different segment.

To break down the skill that involves: she's got her lede lines memorized, the composure to deliver them at any given moment without tipping the audience off, and the awareness to be reading the teleprompter, which would be showing Celeb Buzz's script, while delivering completely different lines.

There's a reason I'm a former TV presenter.... shit's HARD. 




 My home of Bermuda is famous for a few things: shorts, that 2spooky4me eponymous triangle, and tax avoidance. But the biggest mark our tiny archipelago has made in the history books can be found in every marina across the globe: [the Bermuda Rig.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bermuda_rig)

The rigging allowed us, and subsequently the world, to sail upwind with precision around the reefs that claimed so many ships in years gone by. The design was so transformative, within a few decades of its popularisation, King Charles II would soon be sailing one. 

A poem published by John H. Hardie in 1671 described Bermuda's boats such: 

 With tripple corner'd Sayls they always float, 
 About the Islands, in the world there are, 
 None in all points that may with them compare.

I've always been curious to know what the wider implications of the Bermuda Rig were in the world of sailing, beyond piracy and competition. Did the ability to sail upwind alter shipping routes, or naval war strategy?

I'd love to learn more about my island's sailing heritage, especially with the America's Cup World Series coming to our shores this October. 




 Wait what? How do you not see that the definition of harassment is what FPH was doing to Imgur staff? 




 FPH put pictures of the entire Imgur staff on their sidebar. That's pretty harassy  




 And that, friends, is the secret to good advertising. 




 My grandfather, William Stevenson, wrote the non fiction spy novel 'A Man Called Intrepid', which was subsequently turned into a TV miniseries starring David Niven. 

[On IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078649/companycredits?ref_=tt_dt_co) it says NBC was the US distributor, along with the list of production companies that made it, but I can't find anything on who has the film rights.

Can anyone point me in the right direction, or could someone with IMDB Pro have a deeper look at the film's details?

I'd very much like to look into reviving his book for the big screen, and I need all the help I can get! 




 Just curious to know where people are meeting women that display such "common" traits. 




 My grandfather, William Stevenson, wrote the non fiction spy novel 'A Man Called Intrepid', which was subsequently turned into a TV miniseries starring David Niven. 

[On IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078649/companycredits?ref_=tt_dt_co) it says NBC was the US distributor, along with the list of production companies that made it, but I can't find anything on who own the rights.

Can anyone point me in the right direction, or could someone with IMDB Pro have a deeper look at the details?

I'd very much like to look into reviving his book for the big screen, and I need all the help I can get! 









 Let's be honest here. 




 I used to rent mopeds to tourists. The number of people who put their feet out to somehow assist in braking is ridiculous. So many crashes. 




 Can't say I've ever encountered a girl that likes assaulting people, then specifically gets defensive when she gets assaulted back. You've met so many of these women, you can say confidently they're 1 in 15? Wow. You must come from a pretty shitty place if that's how people act. 




 It really annoys me when people bitch about product placement. Those brands funded a record breaking movie. A movie that you probably loved, although you'd never admit it here. Fuck them?  




 well pew pew to you too 




 Rosebud is his sled. The thing is, there was nobody at his bedside when he died. So how could anyone possibly know "Rosebud" was his last word? I never got that. 




 You need to hang around better women if you think that kind of behavior is "%100 typical" 




 I've always been curious to know whether it was the greatest, most skilled soldiers that survived the longest, or if your survival came down more to luck. If I am hell bent on surviving a battle, do I flee -- as the old idiom says -- or do I become as skilled as possible with my sword and mount? 




 Pretty sure this was on TIL recently. Mammal's distress calls are recognizable across species. So it's not so much that the scream is human, it's that human screams are mammalian. 




  a good background

hahaha yeah, just some casual listening really. nothing too heavy. Check out his Common Sense podcasts as well for his take on modern events. 




 I mean, the Supreme Court HAS ruled that companies are people, and because money = free speech this now means that companies can support political candidates. I don't know anywhere else where this can be done. 




 Dan Carlin explained the recent Supreme Court decision on this really well. You're spot on. 









 I didn't. And the only reason I did it was laziness. ADRIAN'S REVENGE! 




 The High Commission for Human Rights at the UN? 




 "Getting got" is slang for someone getting the better of you.

If lil Billy gets got by lil Bobby in hopscotch, Billy got got by Bobby. Got it? 




 Um... 




 all time recorded best. the true joy of the modern era is that we get this shit on record. the epic but insignificant fails of history are lost to the sands of time. I bet some hilarious shit went down. Horrible, horrible shit too. But also, occasionally... y'know, when someone isn't knocking down your gates threatening to rape all your women and erase all traces of you from the earth... I bet in between all... that... some funny shit went down. 




 Here's the thing... 




 Having an attachment to your work is never good. You have to be attached to working in that medium, just not the stuff you produce. Learning to kill my babies has benefitted me immeasurably in terms of my creative output.  




 Yeah, not a whole lot of thought going into this one 




 I love that you think niggardly is an epithet. Well done 




 thanks for actually answering and not downvoting and moving on 




 why is that? 




 I was thinking something along the lines of

#STARS WAR 




 Leave ME alone you scummy little shitstain  




 I'll do no such thing you slimy, dessicated fetus fuck 




 Fuck you, you cadaverous cumspitoon 




 And here I am getting freaked out when the gf tries a little stinky pinky 




 The hair was big and the hits were bigger.

Whether it's the Swedish stylings Gyllene Tider's '[Sommartider](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beFPoiNn0Bs)', or Righeria's impossibly contagious '[Vamos a la Playa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTsVJ1PsnMs)', my love for cheesy 80's summer hits knows no bounds.

What are some of your all time favourite 80's summer tunes?

 




 You're being downvoted because the only accurate wording possible is saying that one car hit another. The fact you don't understand that and are calling everyone else ignorant is compounding your downvotes. 




 The seat covers are also specifically designed to hide all the crap.

[Source](http://www.thekongblog.com/2012/11/inside-knowledge-why-are-bus-seats-so.html) 




 Journalist here. Granted, the article actually has a lot of errors, but that's not one of them. It's called reporting the facts. You don't know the exact circumstances that caused the crash, and speculation about that could get you sued for libel. 




 Bless you. I hope you never have to meet one of these kinds of lawyers, but the reason the prosecutor is a dick is because the defense attorney has made an issue out of the definition of a photocopier, and coached his client into feigning ignorance. Bit of a legal trickfuck.  




 /r/retiredusernames  




 I just went with the NYTimes on this one. 









