  But there isn't a single professional I can think of that just responds with a joke without bothering to discuss a single aspect of the question.

Good thing this isn't an office or a professional environment and these posters aren't even close to clients. 

 




 Thank god you were here to carry the load. This is serious business!! 




 can they be charged with anything 

It's certainly possible if their admit to a crime within the statute of limitations.  In practice the police pursuing this is unlikely.   




   I think that should tell their lawyers what little involvement I had in it.

They still have a right, and frankly a duty to their client, to depose you under oath so they know for certain. 




 You must attend the deposition and give truthful testimony.  If you don't remember much, it's unlikely they will need you to testify at trial.  However, based on your recounting the story here, it appears you have a pretty good memory of what happened.  If either side decides they need your testimony you will be required to attend. 




 I am not going to pay the remainder of the invoice as he did not diagnose and repair the unit as agreed.

You are required to pay him as per your agreement.  If the job is more complicated that's not his fault, and he shouldn't be paid less for those reasons.

Am I within my rights here?

It does not appear so, no.

 I am going to send a certified letter stating this. Anything I should add?

A check for the balance that you owe. 




 This is not tantamount to a traffic ticket. It is worse than a traffic ticket. If you think you'll be a-okay living the rest of your life with an arrest warrant go for it.  




 NJ does not have felonies and misdemeanors it has crimes and disorderly persons offenses. You've been charged with a disorderly persons offense. If you don't show up you'll have a warrant that will follow you to whatever state you go to until it is satisfied. Anytime you need a background check this will show up.  




 It's unlikely that a minor will be permitted to represent themselves in court.  




  It is his child.

No it isn't. It is his pet. 

Because it wasn't human makes it okay to hold him in jail for days on end?

Yes because the law views the lives of humans as far more important than the lives of pets.  




 I love Hamburger Helper. Total comfort food.  




 Did this happen in New Jersey by any chance? 




 Well obviously the sent someone a letter requesting their insurance information!!  Isn't it clear?? /s 




 And I received a letter from one of the local ambulance chasing law firms asking for my homeowner's insurance info. 

Ambulance chasers is a insulting term thrown around to smear every single plaintiff's attorney whether they have a good case or not.  Please don't use it.

You have no responsibility to give your homeowners insurance info, but if you are sued, you will have no choice.  It's a good idea to inform them now of what happened so they are on notice. 




 It's brought up for discussion on a weekly basis. The sub is what it is.  




  I'm not saying that it 100% will work.

I'm saying it 100% WON'T work. 




  f it is a viable strategy in Oklahoma, you should to get your name off of all property, get off your joint checking account, get the cars in your husband's name only.

This is called a fraudulent transfer and in no way should OP do these things. 




 WHATCHA GONNA DOOOOOOOOO WHEN POPCORN RUNS WIIIIILLLD ON YOUUUUUUUU?!? 




 And if you're not happy with the free advice you get, you can go pay for better advice.  




 Jesus you sound like an asshole. You get what you pay for. You want to be a demanding prick? Pay an attorney.  









 Yes she can force you to through school related consequences.  




 [Bro.](http://media.tumblr.com/42b09f10a68934c150987314a42f82bc/tumblr_inline_mrljc7XOUd1qz4rgp.gif) 




  'Murica

Your plan, plus your frequent use of that stupid way to say America, demonstrates your lack of maturity. 




 Wait wait what if he needs a stamp?? 




 A part of me tells me to just let it go. 

Listen to that part.  




 Like what? 




 He means are you John Williams Jr, or Sr, or anything like that? 




 He should retain an attorney ASAP, and if he can't afford one he should ask to apply for the public defender at his first court date. 




 It is not a crime in NJ.  




 You were going 45 over. I doubt any attorney will have much luck getting you a violation with no points. The best they could do is maybe knock the speed down a bit so it's fewer points.  




 You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom. You can only be free if I am free.

-me 




 I wear a tie with a full Windsor everyday. No one cares.  




 It sounds like you have the bases covered. If you haven't recently, the only recommendation I have is to take those documents, the will, the powers of attorney, to a local estate attorney for review to ensure they are all up to snuff.  




 No more than 33% goes to the attorney. 




 You paid for his time. If he spent the time his bill is legitimate.  




 [File a complaint with the State Bar of California.](http://calbar.ca.gov/Attorneys/LawyerRegulation/FilingaComplaint.aspx)

 




 Yes, but they are rewarding. 

No they aren't. You'll find out shortly that your worst clients with the worst cases are the ones concerned about the principle of the thing.  




 I know that it was an invalid stop

How do you know? 




 [See here.](http://ballotpedia.org/Laws_governing_recall_in_Michigan)

You don't need an attorney.  You can circulate petitions as required by law and an election will be held to see if they are replaced or remain in their position. 




 Isn't what he said a blatant sexist comment?

Yeah, it sounds like it.  An isolated comment like that is not illegal, however.

If you can prove you didn't get the new position because you're a woman, you might have a valid complaint. 




  How does one obtain a lawyer during questioning? (since, at least in my town, they do not operate off retainers)

You may not be able to.  All questioning will cease.  You will then either be released, or placed under arrest. 

If you are arrested and able to make bail, you'll be free to find your own attorney, or apply for the PD.  If you cannot make bail you'll need to find a way to get in touch with an attorney or apply for the PD. 




 In addition to Jimmy Carter mentioned below, in 1992 Clinton did not win the block, but Louisiana and Georgia voted for him.  He won Louisiana in 1996 too. 




 You have been eternally damned by the Master Ruseman! 




 When the judge asks how do you plead, you say not guilty. Then you get a new court date. Get an attorney or apply for the PD in the meantime.  




 I don't even know what the hell that means. No, if a woman assaults a man she can and likely would get charged with assault.  




 They would not pay and you'd last less than 10 seconds in any court before your case was dismissed.  




  I know the constitution forward and back

Congrats!  How about the rules of evidence?  Rules of court?  Have you cross examined someone before?  Do you know the proper procedure for filing a document with the court? 




 It's likely that you can swear an oath without raising your right hand so long as the judge is satisfied you understand what the truth is and the consequences if you do not tell the truth.

In reality if you refused all that would happen is you'd piss off the judge and everyone would think you were a weirdo. 




 PS Admins...I hope this post is ok. If I did something wrong, please tell me and I will edit whatever I can.

We don't do referrals here.  You can contact your local bar association and ask for a referral to an area attorney. 




 There's a million ways to "honor" someone's work without running afoul of copyright law.  You'd need to be more specific as to what you intend. 




 I want to present a promotional based operation plan that has high potential to boost sales.

Okay.

What is my best course of action legally?

I see no legal issues here.

What should I do for compensation? i.e. a royalty based contract?

You can get any compensation your boss agrees to.  That can be anything from her making you a partner to you getting a nice pat on the back. 




 Wasn't this the plot of Catch-22? 




 You have done a fine job of rationally understanding the comments given here. You're able to articulate your concerns. I think any court would believe you to be rational enough to sign a contract.  




 You can't plea down a refusal either. We occasionally get things right. Occasionally.  




 You cannot plea down a DUI in New Jersey. If you can't afford an attorney ask the judge to apply for the public defender.  




 You cannot plea down a DUI in New Jersey.  




 Listen to the advice of your attorney. He knows your case better than anyone.  




 No, they haven't consented to you recording them. And no, lying doesn't work. Just be a normal person.  




 http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/ooooooh.gif 




 It's somethin' that you need to have

Cause when she leave yo' ass she gonna leave with half 









 No. Highway means any street in the state.  




 There's no way any reasonable person would think this is safe.  




 Your only real option for a downgrade is what's called unsafe driving, which is no points but a big fine, usually 400-500.  




 Any BAC can get you a DUI.  Blowing a .07 does NOT get you off scott free.  It simply means that the State has to prove your impairment instead of your impairment being presumed. 




  driving with a non-zero BAC below the legal limit is not legally considered to be impaired driving

Yes, it is.  You can absolutely get a DUI for BAC under the legal limit.  If your BAC is over .08, you are presumed to be impaired.  That doesn't mean if you're impaired and driving at .07 that you get off scot free.  There's simply more that the State has to do to prove your impairment. 




 [Kennedy and Reagan both do fairly well in rankings of presidents by historians, not just the general public.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_rankings_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States) 




  Yes I was publicly schooled; but do we give grade schoolers a choice in attendance? 

Your parents did.  They could have home schooled you. 




 I think you're lying... 




 Medical malpractice is very fact specific, and requires more than just, something went wrong.  It requires the patient to show that the doctors acted outside the standard of medical care; in other words, that no doctor acted reasonable would do what these doctors did.  Everyone with a med mal case thinks their facts fit that standard, but few actually do.  You can make an appointment with an attorney for a free consultation to discuss your case. 




 It is not rape. Dogs are property not people, and rape laws do not apply to them.  




 Are you required to appear in court? If not pay the ticket online.  




 You got a break. If you try to take advantage of it you can and likely will get your original speeding ticket issues to you. The officer can issue you a ticket at any time up to the statute of limitations.  




 It doesn't look like that guy is an attorney and he doesn't know what he's talking about and offers no support for his position that looking too young is not probable cause. It is. If you look too young an officer can absolutely arrest you and ascertain your age.  




