 I feel less alone now.  




 Anywhere there's not updated youth, I guess. 




 So I've been living in a cave....is this slang now?
 




 That's what I was thinking. Origin and the state of Origin was quite the give away. And the griefing being allowed.  




 I don't quite know what flavor, but it tasted great! 




 He wouldn't eat it, so I put it on his head. He was fabulous~~ 









 You sir, are my favorite asshole.  




 I would actually find your gayness a turn on. I always feel I'll end up alone because I tend to have more of a thing for gay men. There's just something about them.  




 I'm that way as well. I always want to know more about what frightens me. No problem. Answers are always fun to give when I have them.  




 I like to believe Bloody Mary can only be summoned. I'm a child when it comes to summoning less than pleasant things, so I prefer to believe they only go where they are wanted.  




 I don't think so. Charlotte seems like she would only visit those who want her presence.  




 My bathroom has a mirror on every wall. Showers are always terrifying. We have those glass/mirror sliding doors. Perfect scene for some demon to pop out and kill you in the middle of your repeat of shampoo.  




 I thought the same thing! I was highly infuriated. 




 I enjoy using Unrelenting Force in the library at the College. Watching the books fly at that orc...it feels good.  




 The Crimson Nirn quest. I discovered it on my third character. I haven't started it yet, but it's found by going into a ruin, and then a building in that ruin, then picking up some red nirn. So pretty easy to over look.  




 If you're having trouble finding where the glass chaos starts, /tp 0 64 0 




 Spock is definitely my ladyboner. He's just so...Vulcan. It's lovely. 
 




 I have never held much love for Rodimus/Hot Rod. He was okay in the movie at first. But then I started to be unable to stand him. He just really seemed to be a forced character. He couldn't be Optimus-he was far too inexperienced and didn't deserve leadership. He also acted far too much on direct emotion, in turn, getting Optimus killed.  




 Radioactive -Imagine Dragons 




 Thanks-I didn't know what it was called or what it was other than some plant. Good to know its not poisonous.  



















 The one thing that I'm really not linking about this map is the huge ice oceans and the mountains. That's about it-everything else is pretty grand.  




 Omai. This is worse than Voldemort and Crookshanks (Hermione's cat). 




 I actually came across a few cows wandering around the base. I was able to repopulate. If you need a cow, we could work on a price in PM.  




 I am only in need of one cow. I have a little bit of every ore along with stacks of melon and meat. I have carrots and potatoes too. State your price in a PM, and we can negotiate. I shall only trade with trustworthy players, who will not turn this transaction into a scam. I am mostly a farmer, and a non-PVPer unless in defense. 

EDIT: I have found cows. A gift from Notch. 




 And the cows are gone as well. I have some stuff in a hidden room to get the farm going again, along with tools. I'm usually pretty paranoid about griefing and prepare for the worst.  




 And a lovely one, too. 
 




 ...did you make it?  




 This...why is this link purple.... 




 The problem is, this comment is actually relevant.  




 I only allow myself to go down to 100 when I'm on reddit. If I have tabs open, I have to attend to those. Then get something done. Then keep redditing. 
 




 I really wish I hadn't emptied my base of all of my valuables. The minimap even had all of my old markers. 




 SEALAND! In the top five of my favorite countries. I actually screamed when I saw this post. 

So an actual question, do you plan on maybe expanding the country? 




 It should be known that freerice only works if adblock is off as the ads pay for the rice.  




 I have stayed up until inhuman hours searching for a way to get shaders going (accidentally updated before I had all the files for mods) and you just saved me from insanity. If only every comment on a forum was this helpful.  




 Only self posts don't get karma. 




 Did I miss part of this April Fools joke? Nothing is happening to me.  




 I've seen nobles on horses armed by an Imperial guard or two a few times. But never more than that. 6-8 would definitely be interesting. 




 The iron helmet was my favorite for the longest time, but after a while ebony ones started popping up and I decided it was time to up my armor a bit.  




 I wish I'd gotten this advice. I'm far too attached to my first character, and regretting dumb things I did in the beginning of the game, and realizing I screwed up too late. Like selling things I shouldn't have sold for a little bit of coin. At least I didn't obliviously toss away Dragon Priest masks! 




 You are required to wear the wooden mask to access the shrine, although there may be a bug/glitch to get past that.  




 CUDDLY FRIENDS??? *hug* My friends are rather anti-touching (unfortunately) so my frequent hugging and petting and such doesn't bode well. The last time I got a new friend was at a convention, so I guess minimal social advice from me. But you're not alone on this~ 




 Back in my day, food was *solid*.  




 Seinfeld. Get with it.  




 If it's rave-like music that has people just moving around, bounce slightly up and down while waving an arm or three in the air. Works every time. Slower songs, if you have a partner and you're both clueless, just rock sideways in a circle (as most teens won't waltz). 




 I would travel for free. And all the expensive food I want.  




 I'm not sure if you mean you found some covers or you're still a bit lost. I'll go with the latter. If I were to go out and buy Miku's voice (since she is simply software), and make her sing a Lonely Island song, it would be considered a 'real' Miku song as she did sing it.  




 I just read an article about this on Cracked. I LEARNED SOMETHING BEFORE IT WAS ON REDDIT. Just like Chef Ramsey actually saves very few restaurants.  




 I've used "I like my women like I like my glasses-sitting on my face!" It's quite effective. (Though before I may or may not be downvoted into oblivion, I take no credit for thinking of it) 




 I started shouting at him until I realized he wasn't trying to annihilate me.  




 This may just be the best thread I have seen in months. But I should probably contribute something. 

"'Erecto!' she added, pointing her wand at the misshapen, which in one fluid motion rose into the air"  




 "Fucking shit not now I'm at school." Sixth grade. Right before social studies I had to buy one of those cardboard applicator tampons. I take pride that my first tampon was successful. 




 I'd be pretty content-less griefing! 




 Thank you! When I logged back on today, the server was back in order, so you must have done some magic. Yesterday was absolute chaos. Now hopefully we can go back to being peaceful with each other~ 




 I'm not sure that means there is a lot of PVP, but I was attacked from behind by a slime. My health was low after the trip to Unity.  




 Hi! I died in Unity recently, and hadn't made a bed yet, so I'm back to square one and I'm afraid my stuff will have despawned by the time I make it halfway to Unity. If you come across a large pile (full inventory) of stings including an enchanting table, a couple brewing stands, some diamond, and a bunch of watermelon, it is probably mine (if there is a stack of beef in it, it is definitely mine). If you are willing to return some of the stuff to me, that's great! As a reward, well, I'm willing to negotiate. Probably most of the diamonds as I don't find too much use for them. And a brewing stand or two if you want.  




 What numbers are for saplings? That would be great for changing the saplings or just removing them. 




 [First and only.](http://i.imgur.com/kyiKUSB.png) 




 Wow. This accurately depicts my ex-friend [left] versus me [right] when it comes to gaming. Her xbox voice makes my ears bleed. "Yeaaahhh I'm a girl and my KD is higher than you! I know~~~~ No you can't see my boobies!!" 




 [Lilium.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJGUN7-PkyY) 




 My coming out to my two friends went like this: 

Friend 1: So guys, sexualities?

Me: Bi.

Friend 3: Bi. 

Friend 2: Bi.

All: O_O Well that was uneventful. *moved on to another subject* 




 Thanks~!

(Thanks for the tie help too-I really should learn it before anime con!) 




 [Here goes.](http://i.imgur.com/9avYKWS.jpg) 




 Thanks!

 




 I'm not out, so if I tell him I just don't want it to get around school then to my parents. I really don't care about school-it's the pretty anti-gay family I'm worried about. 




 This guy has randomly started talking to me on facebook. I already knew him at school, but we weren't close. I'm pretty sure he likes me. Even planned a date (we're to watch Big Bang Theory and Star Trek). He's really nice and funny, and we have similar interests, but it wouldn't work out. I like someone else. Not only that, but I don't think I can tell him that I don't necessarily like guys. So I guess I just need some help telling him no without hurting him-I don't want to be known as 'that bitch that friendzones everybody'. 




 That will be quite the challenge for me....meats and cheeses are my favorite foods! 




 I must ask...how do all of you girls get to these fruity flavors?!? 




 Transformers
 




 Is this some type of Elfen Lied reference? 




 I saw it was down....and held a mental funeral. 




 Thanks! 




 I tried the non-whitelisted server, and it was great! My friend and I started bases. I was in awe as I saw all of the available resources and mobs on a server. I'd be glad to be added to the whitelisted. IGN: MikoVargas, and I'm 15.  




 AnimeCon Milwaukee for those less familiar with the acronym ^_^ 




 First migraines: second grade. I would wake up in the middle of the night screaming, spend hours in the irritatingly bright nurse's office at school, it was not fun. I'm a freshman now (unfortunately) and I still get them. Painkillers and sleep? Coming up!  




 School spirit for a week with a big dance and football game at the end. It's mostly celebrating the athletes. 




 I always walked around doing a raptor impression (got friends to laugh...don't care how stupid I looked) then I got here and saw raptors. My brain made a tiny boom noise...I was pleased yet clueless. 




 As a freshman, it is my policy to walk against the walls and around other people. 




 Alas, Myspace has seen its time. I think it should retire and look back on its golden years. 




 We have semester finals Friday. Then Monday and Tuesday. Goodbye, borderline good grades! And I'm one of the nerds... 














 *Slow clap*. You did not shit yourself. You shit *yourself*.  




 Take all of my feels. Just take them. 




 After being home sick all day, I have now laughed so hard I almost peed. Thank you. 




 ######Ichigo supposedly being part Quincy. It came as a shock and a "well now he's more powerful than necessary...". And Squad Zero made itself look...less than badass.
 




