 Man, 5 years captive...I can only imagine how bad the conditions were. 




 They should seriously consider investing in technology like that in California. Every single county is now under drought conditions... 









 100% second this. Doing dumbbell bench and felt a sharp pain in my deltoid. Figured I'd man my way through it...

I was lucky enough to avoid surgery but my maxes have never been the same since. As much as it hurts to have to take a break in lifting in the short-term, it's way better than the risk of doing long term damage. 




 I dunno, I think I just don't like kids in games. They just come across as annoying, like the kids in FFXIII. 

But Ken didn't bother me all that much, since I could just leave him out of my party.  




 Cute couple. Wish them the best.  




 Yes! Thank you for posting! It's not immortality if it isn't your brain and consciousness being preserved. 




 Are all surf shops just full of beautiful leggy women? I need to move to the coast... 




 Wow, I didn't know anything about the Chinese forces there. Thanks for posting! 




 Congrats man! 









 Looks like they are walking in step...probably to a smooth bass line. 




 Awesome album, thanks for posting! 




 This looks like it should be a scene from a movie. 




 Yeah I heard that too. So technically all the parts were working 100% correctly and their were no technical issues...until one guy put the things in the wrong way...that really hurts.  









 Is the gun actually going off when he grabs it? Ballsy, even if it is just blanks. 




 I love finding out about stuff like this. Thanks for posting! 




 I know it's implausible but I still really hope they make this happen. 




 Amazing song 




 I know it's not likely, but I want this to happen so bad... 




 Looks like a badass game of laser tag. 




 Looks like something a stormtrooper would use. 




 Glad to see they had humorous novelty signs even back then. 




 Dr. Aki Ross from the movie "The Spirits Within" 




 TIL we had a vice president named "Cactus Jack" 









 Is this the gun Indiana Jones uses? 




 For some reason I think Minnesota has a lot of good ones. If you're looking for Brutalist look up anything by Marcel Breuer. Cedar Riverside looks like a vertical slum. And the Guthrie Theatre looks futuristic especially lit up at night. 




 Haha I had the exact same card stuck in my door the other day. 




 I always assumed it was just an hour, because someone mentions it as the 25th hour in the day. 



















 I feel like Prince should come walking out of it with Purple Rain playing in the background.  














 Cute! 




 Wow, nice job! 




 I love dumbbell bench... no need for a spot, great range of motion, and nice way to work the supporting muscles. Plus (at my gym at least) almost no one uses the heavy dumbbells so I don't have to wait around for them. 









 Jeez that sounds really awful...of course if that formula comes out, criminals will get their hands on it too. Imagine getting carjacked and getting stabbed with a syringe full of the chemical.  




 [Video-Game Character Wondering Why Heartless God Always Chooses 'Continue'](http://www.theonion.com/articles/videogame-character-wondering-why-heartless-god-al,274/) 




 That's really awesome to see. Great work. 




 Haha me and my friends would rent this as kids just because of the nudity. But watching it now that I'm older, it's a damn good film. 




 Congrats and welcome!!! 




 He makes a lot of good points. 




 In December 2012 I was on a Saudia Airlines flight and watched an Arabic movie (subtitled in English) about a guy who had sunglasses and goatee. He was a concert promoter or something and got with a girl singer, but then later got bored and got with a new girl he hired. Then he ends up in the hospital with amnesia and the girls get together to trick him and pay him back.

For some reason I thought the movie was Egyptian, but I could be wrong. I also thought the main actor was a comedian named BoBo or BoPo or something like that...

Any ideas? 




 OP delivers! Many thanks! 




 Haha that's awesome! Source? 




 100% agree.  




 Haha, good point. The U.S. would probably donate transport ships to both sides just to watch them kill each other.  




 You should go to [SongMeanings.com](http://www.songmeanings.com )

Look up whatever song you're interested in, and there's usually some pretty good insights by people that post on there. 

You should also do "We Didn't Start the Fire" Billy Joel. People of his generation were being blamed by older generations for their lose morals and other social problems, and the song was a response to say "look at all this shit that's gone on through history...it didn't start with us". Plus teachers love Billy Joel ;-) 









 Ha, that's actually pretty awesome. The olympians always do so well, so it will be interesting to see them compete with each other. 









 P3. It was the first I played and still sticks with me as my favorite. 




 Thank you for the AMA! Love your work! 




 I think Beijing's were some of the coolest...the patterns on the jade naturally vary so each medal is unique.  




 That was a disgusting show by the U.S. They should have stopped moping about yesterday and gotten focused on the game they were in. They got exactly what they deserved.   




 Wow that's adorable... 




 Canada. They've got enough in common with us Minnesotans that it feels cheering for our own. 




 Congrats Norway! 




 Ice fishing? 




 God. Fucking. Dammit. 




 That smile... 




 Yowza! Look at the gams on that bird! 




 She sounds like a really great sister. You should let her know that. 




