 VSCO Cam. They just released their app for Android, and that was the deciding factor for me to be able to switch to the G2 from iPhone. 




 Samsung phones still on Android 4.5.8 




 MAN HOW YOU GON SKIP MY QUESTION LIKE THAT I THOUGHT WE HAD SOMETHING DIFFERENT 




 I noticed the blurriness too. It's a bummer. I thought the OIS would be more helpful in fixing that problem, but it's still really apparent in this phone. Either way, it hasn't really bothered me, but fixing that would have made this camera near-perfect. 




 Hey, John. Big fan, so thanks for your work.

You were considered for the role of Walter White in Breaking Bad. What ended up happening there to where you ended up not playing him? Bryan Cranston's done phenomenal, but I think you would have given the character an entirely new flesh.  














 Maybe next time I can try getting the point across without saying as much. Not that I didn't try here either.  




 That title describes exactly what the post is about. Did I admit that it's got a cheesy title to make the post more accessible for people? Yeah. But I don't see how that's me admitting it's a misleading title.

Whether it's blogspam is up to you to decide. I can't upvote this more than once, even if I tried. I put it up to hopefully help someone out there that could use a few tips, and I'm guessing a few people did find it useful.  









 *"In just 5 minutes, this young man will change how you view your life forever."* 




 I should have been a bit more clear. The biggest reason I haven't been able to use the 5D for a while is because a lot's been going in terms of school hours, LSAT stress, and work issues. I haven't been able to focus on photography as much as I used to. Having an iPhone 5 (and then eventually an LG G2) helped fill that void since it's something I always have on me either way. 

It wasn't because of the iPhone 5 that I stopped using the Mark II. But I did start using the phone more when I had to stop using it.  




 I was focusing more on scenic photography when writing that article. When you're at something like a dinner with friends and you want to get a group photo taken, I don't care at all about using the flash. Someone else commenting on the article brought up the iPhone 5S as a good example. Flash can be helpful as hell when it's used at the right time.

It's the same way using flash on a DSLR is appropriate when you're shooting something like a wedding. That would be different from taking taking a picture of a scene you want to capture in its natural look. 




 Hey, guys! I'm the author of this article. I just needed to address a few things:

This isn't really an article I wrote for photographers. I wrote this for people that don't know anything at all about photography. A lot of my friends that want to do some photog as a hobby don't tend to have actual cameras. I wrote this for them as some basic tips so they could get a kickstart with their phones, at least.

The way I see it is most of the time people don't tend to think of their phone as an actual camera so they just treat it like a point-and-shoot, where they would probably try going into learning more about actual photography tips if they had a DSLR. I remember treating every picture I took on my phone like that before I started using a Canon.  




 *I FORGOT ABOUT AFTERLIGHT.*

Ever since moving to Android, I've been waiting for it to come out on that. Afterlight is fantastic too, but I wouldn't use it for filters. The editing tools are what I love on it. They're the best I've seen on an app. I always took my photos for editing there, and then to VSCO for the finish. But yeah, Afterlight is definitely worth it.

As for the filter pack, look through VSCO's website and see how they describe the filters and what they're typically used for. It gave me a lot of ideas to start off with. A really useful thing I've also learned is if you've got a bit of noise noticeable in your picture, choose a filter that has a good fade to it. It takes out the noise and gives it your photo a more solid look.

 




 I don't regret it one bit. I was ready to buy them again when I realized I didn't have my purchases transfer from iPhone to Android until I found a way to restore them. 




 I really should have included this one. I never leave my house without a lens cloth now. 




 In theory, yeah. I targeted it towards smartphone users because it's the most common demographic. It's meant to be a short basic set of guidelines for people that wanna get a kickstart into photography with what they've got. 

...Hence the Buzzfeed-sounding title.. which I'll admit with guilt. Marketing classes.
 




 [You'll use it.. when I say you'll use it.](http://i.imgur.com/BNZELhP.jpg) 




  Color balance. If there are people in your pictures, do them a favor and move the color balance to the right (warm) 2 or 3 ticks. It will improve their skin tone especially if your photo was taken under harsh light.

There's also a skin tone pack you can download for free! It adds a skin tone adjustment in the editing tools. I've been using it every time i have a picture with faces. 




 I'm on the LG G2 here. I literally use this phone for almost everything now.  




 Yeah, a lot of my friends that want to do some photog as a hobby don't tend to have actual cameras. I wrote this for them as some basic tips so they could get a kickstart with their phones, at least.

The way I see it is most of the time people don't tend to think of their phone as an actual camera so they just treat it like a point-and-shoot, where they would probably try going into learning more about actual photography tips if they had a DSLR. I remember treating every picture I took on my phone like that before I started using a Canon. 




 Oh, hell yeah. When you're at something like a dinner with friends and you want to get a group photo taken, that thing is amazing. I was focusing more on scenic photography when writing that article.  




 Any progress is always progress. There's so many times I feel embarrassed when I compare my work to the things I see other people doing online. That's what drives me to get better at what I do; knowing there's always someone better. 




 An artist is someone who practices forms of expression through different mediums. Synonyms for the word 'artist' include 'creator' and 'originator'.

There's no specific guidelines to what makes something art. We're all artists, and we can only become better at it by working on us. What I wrote in that blog were just small guidelines and steps that someone can take in order to get themselves in the hang of the game. If your pictures aren't turning out like the way you see it, then build on it and find a way that works for you. You can't lose from there. You only lose when you tell yourself you're incapable of it. 














 It's awesome. I'm really biased towards stock Google android, so I wanted to get the Nexus 5. But put a custom rom in the G2, and it runs like a beast. As for the stock LG software that comes with it, it's still powerful. It depends on what you prefer when it comes to software, but in terms of hardware, this phone is more than enough for my uses. 




 I'm an idiot. Sorry, guys. It being 6 AM when I uploaded this after exam cramming must have gotten me. This is I-35. 




 














 thanks, hugo 




 I'll try seeing if I can make one! 




 I love your interpretation of it. I took a lot of time to focus on the differences in color each rendition. The last one of him was the palest because he felt like such a ghost by the end of it; at least to me! 




 Thank you! 




 If this looks familiar at all, you guys might remember [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/breakingbad/comments/1n8rl3/the_faster_the_change_the_more_violent_the/) by me from back when the show was in its last few episodes. 


This is the original work from which that piece was built from.  









 **[7 AM](http://i.imgur.com/G0zqS4R.jpg)**

LG G2; Edited with VSCO for Android. 




 In terms of rapping, he's definitely not one of the best out there. His production, on the other hand, is where he's up at the top. Dude's changed the industry with almost every album he's released. 




 Four bar verse that ends with 'high', 'fly', 'sky', and 'die'. 




 Holy shit. I'm already liking those Blade Runner references. 




 Skycrapers up high in the sky dome /

Skyline shining bright with the light shows /

LAX, JFK, Heathrow /

Toronto, we even made the skies glow /

But as the lights shined below on our embargo /

We were in the clouds trying to get up past the ozone /

And finally we looked out the window /

Realized right then, we let that light go. 




 Kenji - Fort Minor 




 their* 




 How would you justify, with your knowledge of constitutional precedent, the imprisonment of women in the States for wearing a Hijab, which you stated [ought to happen to Tamerlan Tsnarnaev's wife?](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/23/ann-coulter-hijab_n_3139513.html)


Thank you for doing this AMA. 




 How would you justify, with your knowledge of constitutional precedent, the imprisonment of women in the States for wearing a Hijab, which you stated [ought to happen to Tamerlan Tsnarnaev's wife?](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/23/ann-coulter-hijab_n_3139513.html)


Thank you for doing this AMA. 




 How would you justify, with your knowledge of constitutional precedent, the imprisonment of women in the States for wearing a Hijab, which you stated [ought to happen to Tamerlan Tsnarnaev's wife?](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/23/ann-coulter-hijab_n_3139513.html)


Thank you for doing this AMA. 




 Inception:

*'Because I've done it before.*'
'*...who'd you do it to?'*


I'm such a child.
 









 Hi, Mr. Hanks. Let me start off by saying that you're my absolute favorite. It's not even funny how much of an impact you've made in my life, from childhood to adulthood, so thank you for that.

What is one movie role out there today that you would have taken in a heartbeat if it were offered to you?
 




 Here's a look at the original sketches used for this. http://i.imgur.com/RviqwKf.jpg 









 I literally just had the first three sales of my art career today. Thank you so much, man! I'm really glad you liked it. Knowing things like that is one of the biggest things that keeps me focused on getting better with every piece of work I do. 

I really hope that print comes out amazingly in XL! :) 




 The updated artwork on the link should have no more of the artist text. Thanks for pointing that out. 




 I'm not that happy about those price tags either. I'm still trying to find a viable way for you guys to be able to buy it and being able to afford it at the same time. So far, that website's been the best I can find. I'll let you know as soon as I find a way for the prices to drop! 




 Good question. I just realized that may look out of place on a large print. I'll update the site with a print free of that text. I think it'll just be replaced with a small transparent signature. Thanks for bringing that up.  




 Thank you for the feedback on it! I had the file set at a printable resolution and sent it to my Society6 account. They automatically select the size ranges that the file's suitable for, so all the ones that are doable should be shown there. I'll be using it as the vendor for now, so [here's the link](http://society6.com/Maazcon/Chemistry-Hjg_Print#1=2) to it. Thank you for your feedback on it too, by the way! 




