 Affirmative bingo down. I repeat bingo down 




 Relationship goals  




 My god, that means I'm a tamato 




 I think. An innocent pedestrian in gta would be the worse. Your walking minding your own business when BAM! Random ads helicopter lands on you 




 It does not matter if it is a main character or a background character. ANY Character, which would be the worst? 




 My name is kevin, but my fellow co-workers call me koop.
I work at nasa analyzing data that our satellite pick up on.
It is an excruciatingly boring job, but is worth the pay.

I mainly analyze data from a small satellite that we call D.R.O.V.E. which stand for digital recording of void energy.
basically it records data from the empty spaces of, well, space. the spots where there's no known wave signals of any sort. I know it sounds weird, useless, and implausible that nasa will try to find something where nothing is, but really that's all they do. What I don't understand is how I get so much data. These spaces should not have this much activity going on there.

Well a few weeks ago my questions were answered on what, why, and where this information is coming from.

It was a normal morning for me. got up, got dressed, ate breakfast, and headed for work. I live 2 hours away, so I leave around 10 am and arrive at noon. When I arrived, that's when my day went hay wire. They rushed up to me and dragged me to my station. They scream at me and tell me to tell them what the hell is this shit that they are seeing. they play back a recording they took hours earlier.

Before I go into the recording let me explain how I analyze data.
The satalite sends me signals that I read on a GREEN graph that places dots in various places on it to signal various things. The recording did not show a green graph, it showed a screen full of falling numbers. not just any numbers but zeros and ones. binary codes. 

That was not what they were freaking out about. An image of a face was outlined by the code its mouth moved as if it was saying something. It if it was it did not say much. They told me they needed me to decode the message. that it was important for mankind to know what it said. I spent hours trying to figure out what the message was. I, for no good reason, decided to exit out of the recording. I was not done analyzing It, but something just told me to exit out of it. when I did, there it was. The binary face looking at me. at first I thought I did not exit out of the recording. but I quickly realized that it was live, happening now. I screamed for my supervisors to come near. I projected the image on the main monitor for everyone to see. when I did the face turned into an image of a hand pointing. pointing at a single floating digit in the binary code. it was not a one or a zero but a 6. my superior told me to click on it. I don't know why he wanted be to, but I did. A loud shriek came from the surround sound hooked up to the main computer. There was a dark raspy laugh followed by this sentence.

God is not real, we made you.

the screen goes black. then after the lights flickered, all power was shut off. A voice came from the darkness. 

only this awaits you when you die. 

There was silence. an hour passed before someone decided to do something. We got our selves together and got the power on and the system running again. The whole scene was being recorded but somehow was erased. there is no trace of what happened. We decided to continue to find out what was happening but we found no answers. I have recently decided that I am quitting this job to be a teacher. the pay is less but it is a lot less exciting than analyzing data. 




 Gex 




