 Final destination 




 I think most celebrities have acted in films as unnoticeable roles before they are famous. So go check the films years before, you may find the famous actor today playing the unnoticeable role there.  




 Urban Legend  




 I agree with your idea. People nowadays always feel helpless with something in their life. So they are expecting power to solve the problems or expecting people with super power to save them. that may be the psychological reason of why people will buy this kind of films.  




 Yeah, that may be the main reason.  




 Why people always think alien to be so strange and horrible thing? Although we haven't found out aliens in other planet yet, we can also regard them as friends, not always our enemy.  




 But women often prefer older men in rel life too.
Why? I don't think so. My friends sometimes talk about this and they all want to find boys just one or two years alder than them to be their boyfriends.  




 then why they can be so popular?  




 but the reason that these films can help the film maker make money is that people buy it, which means people like to watch this kind of film. why? 




 I love this movie. And I sometimes really want this time machine to be the real thing in our life so that we can have more choice to choose the life we like and change something we don't like.  




 I find that most of American movies are about adventures, disasters happen to our earth or something bad in our life so that they can create a super hero to solve all these problems. These super heroes are sometimes imagined like the Superman and the Spider-man and sometimes it is a real man. Is this the rule of making popular movies? Or there are some other reasons?  




 But we can realize what destruction natural disasters will make. According to the development of technology now, some machines used for predict the earthquake works now. Therefore, human beings can predict natural disasters and take actions to reduce our lost. it is the development of the world. If Pompeians knew it in advance, then they could leave Pompeii to avoid being killed by this disaster.  




 Our teacher show us the documentary of Pompeii and I have watched the movie Pompeii myself last month. I was shocked by them because all the things happened at that time were something we can never imagined. I think it worth seeing because it can arouse our awareness of protecting our environment and keep developing our technology of observing the natural disasters.  




 Pompeii, although it was not actually a documentary but something directed according to what we've seen in Pompei today. I do think we should watch this.  




 Make everyone hate you is easy while make everyone like you is not. You can just do the same thing to everyone like smoke in the public or talk about someone's privacy loud to others to make everyone hate you. But you should do different things to different people to make them like you. And this is not easy at all.  




