 I don't condone racism from from anyone.  Are the people posted about here racist? Yes.  Is that wrong? Yes. Does that cancel out other people's racism? No. 




 What are you talking about?  Are you implying that I hate people on this subreddit?  I'm an active participant in this subreddit and I want to see it be the best that it can be. 




 Respectfully disagree. 




  contrary examples are hard to find and they are

On this subreddit, yes. Not in the world.

  they are only human afterall

at least you concede that!

  but what with seemingly 9/10 jews claiming to be irreligious or atheist

Are you saying that being religious is necessary for being ethical? Because there are quite a lot of contrary examples of that as well.

Yes, it is complicated.  "Jews" means a lot of different things to different people.  Basically my point is, you can't pigeonhole people. If you go around assuming things about people and treating them based off of your ASSUMPTIONS about them, it's not only incredibly hurtful to people who don't deserve your scorn, but you are also missing out on some potential allies.

So you don't like racism right?  I'll leave you with the word's the late great MJ:
If you want to make the world a better place
Take a look at yourself, and then make a change
 




 Yes, it took me about 2 minutes of searching Google.  There are actually millions of stories of jews acting compassionately and peacefully.  I posted the wikipedia article to illustrate that it's actually something that's part of the religion.

Do you admit that you might have a slight confirmation bias when it comes to this? 




 I certainly don't have a geocentric view of the world.  Rather, the center is everywhere.  Also, the shift in my view wasn't based solely on scientific discovery, though it certainly played a part.  I think most importantly was the profound feelings of connection I felt that I couldn't easily rationalize away (and really I no longer have any desire to rationalize these things away).  I guess I really don't understand why some people try so hard to remove all sense of magic from the world.  Is that really the world you want to live in? 




 I don't think you are actually interested in seeing evidence contrary to your preexisting beliefs.  You are automatically downvoting my responses to the questions that YOU asked. 




 If you want to see the source, how hard is it to look at the references section? 




 http://forward.com/articles/202796/jews-march-in-new-york-rally-against-israel-war-in/

http://forward.com/articles/202897/thousands-of-israelis-protest-gaza-war-in-rare-out/

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judaism_and_peace 




 At the end of the day, there are many things that we don't KNOW.  So where do go from there?  We kind of fill in the blanks.  You can be agnostic about these things, and that's honorable, but sometimes entertaining a belief that you are not 100% sure of is not only harmless, but useful.  For instance, you might not be sure that you can run a marathon.  But you harbor this belief in yourself that you can, and this causes you to push yourself and train, and then lo and behold! you ran a marathon!  I think many things work this way.  Our thoughts actually create our reality.  I don't believe in objective truth and the process of belief to me is very much a creative one. 




 It absolutely led me to believe that my view of the world was too simplistic.  Part of that was realizing that a simple rejection of any notion of spirituality or connection to something larger than myself was too simplistic.  I accept that there is a whole lot that we don't know.  We will continue to learn more and more about the universe and our place in it.  I don't know if we will ever have a definitive answer to these really big questions, and for the moment I have to rely on what I *intuit* and what feels the best.  It seems to me like a lot of atheist are really uncomfortable with the idea of CHOOSING to believe something, but I think if they took a good look at their own thought process, they would realize they are doing the exact same thing. 




  There isn't actually any proof that our minds extend further than inside our physical brain. That's wishful thinking just like believing in God

There isn't any proof that they don't either.  So you CHOOSE to believe what you want just as I choose to believe what I want.  My world view happens to be more fun and useful for me personally. 




 Try mushrooms. In a comfortable setting (preferably outdoors), with people you trust, in a good head space, at a low dose.  




  Realistically, that probably won't happen, so my career plan at the moment for the future is to be a dietician.

I've got to stop you right there.  I was nodding my head through your entire post enthusiastically until I read this line.  You need to understand that you are the creator of your own destiny.  The cliche "whether you believe you can or can't, you're right" stands here.  Study and become a dietician if this makes you happy, it's a great thing to do, but never subjugate your dreams for something more "realistic".

Check out [/r/lawofattraction](http://www.reddit.com/r/lawofattraction) 




  I am an ex-atheist. I know what atheism is, I was very proud to ascribe this label to myself between the ages of 13 til about 18. I didn't call myself agnostic, I was sure. I took a completely mechanical, deterministic view of the universe. Everything was simply an unfolding of chemical reactions since the Big Bang and in that universe, there is no room for free will, let alone "God".

So what changed? Well, for one, I found out that this is not actually the universe we live in. The world we live in far far stranger than that. There are not 4, but 10? or maybe an infinite number of dimensions. Time is not linear, but more illusory. Zooming down into the most base levels of existence, we find not mechanical reactions, but "vibrations". There is a universality of a force that composes all things. The world of the physical and mental are one.

Today, if I had to label my believe it would fall somewhere between pantheism an panentheism. The psychedelic experiences I've had, as well as dreams, have given me first hand experience that we are tapped into something much larger than ourselves. I don't believe in the Judeo-Christian deity. I do believe that what we normally experience is only a tiny fraction of Existence. To be alive and conscious is to be Divine. We are co creators and experiencers of our own magnificence.

Is anyone else here an "ex-atheist"?  To me it seems like a natural progression to go from believing in the God in the Bible, to disbelief, to pantheism. 




 This is the single funniest sign I've ever seen in my life.  I love thinking about the who designed this sign and how they managed to get it approved.  We need more sign designers/approvers like this! 




 Yup, you've got it.  They are not quite boids, much simpler I think, since they only respond to their closest neighbor.  Press the space bar to see who is neighbors with whom. 




 It's fun to read out loud. Good work. 




 I am an ex-atheist.  I know what atheism is, I was very proud to ascribe this label to myself between the ages of 13 til about 18.  I didn't call myself agnostic, I was sure.  I took a completely mechanical, deterministic view of the universe.  Everything was simply an unfolding of chemical reactions since the Big Bang and in that universe, there is no room for free will, let alone "God".

So what changed?  Well, for one, I found out that this is not actually the universe we live in.  The world we live in far far stranger than that.  There are not 4, but 10? or maybe an infinite number of dimensions.  Time is not linear, but more illusory.  Zooming down into the most base levels of existence, we find not mechanical reactions, but "vibrations".  There is a universality of a force that composes all things.  The world of the physical and mental are one.

Today, if I had to label my belief it would fall somewhere between pantheism an panentheism.  The psychedelic experiences I've had, as well as dreams, have given me first hand experience that we are tapped into something much larger than ourselves.  I don't believe in the Judeo-Christian deity.  I do believe that what we normally experience is only a tiny fraction of Existence.  To be alive and conscious is to be Divine. We are co creators and experiencers of our own magnificence. 




 What about systematically posting examples of people of a certain race behaving in unflattering ways and ignoring examples of the contrary? Is that racist? 









 RIP mobile atheists ammarite?

EDIT: What Carl sagan?! Thanks reddit! 




 That's nuts man. 









 So.. generally, what's going on here? 




 Cool! I have to look into the flocking algorithm.  This looks funs. 




 I would ween yourself off that shit. Mushrooms are a more effective anti_depressant than SSRIs and you don't need to take it near everyday. 




 target the congresspeople who wrote the bill. 




 I ride in the middle of the lane. Split the difference. 




 If you ride close to the curb motorists are more likely to not see you drive in the bike lane. 




 Nice try, bright green paint salesman. 




 You guys are fucking retards.  In the world of adults, it's possible for a female to be friends with someone without banging them.  It's also common to have a social relationship with one's professor. 




 Taking them head on is basically out of the question. I think the solution lies more in doing everything we can to simply stop participating in their system.  Growing your own food and producing your own power is a good start. 




 There are so many ways to interpret this.  Can you post some examples of what you're complaining about? 




 So what's your solution? 




 Central valley farmers act like it's their god-given right to grow their monoculture crops there and would rather see all the rivers dry up then have to change their practices. 




 All we have to do is stop paying our taxes.  Collectively.  No tax income equals no way to pay the police and military. 




 I would love to know how many of the "conversations" about GMOs here on reddit are completely orchestrated. 




 The more I read this the more I'm starting to think it's some sort of elaborate perfomance art piece. It's actually kind of entertaining. 




 Plot twist: the writer of this article is the same guy!

Seriously though, this boggles the mind. 




 While this may be true, we have to at least try to exercise our democratic rights.  In some cases, they will work.  If they fail, then it's time to start thinking outside the box. 




 I tried to register on the site but it appears to not be working. 




 I am very very interested in participating in this project and helping out in any way I can.  Organization is a powerful tool that allows us to do so much more than we can as indivduals.  We just need to ensure that that organization and the energy of its constituents are not subverted to a narrow agenda.  We need people who are courageous and GENUINE. 




 Thanks! I've always wanted to do something like that.  I'm not sure what the best/most affordable way to get a permanent display running processing would be.  An Android tablet perhaps? 




 Um, I agree with you. What are you responding to? 




 99th percentile means above 99% of the other test takers. 




 I don't get your kid's school. If there are 100 students in the school 1 of them is likely to be in the 99th percentile.  Was there something specific about your kid that made them skeptical? 




 This is obviously not a conspiracy but a feature.  It's easy to disable by going into your setting. And.. follow me with some logic here.. If Google were using this for nefarious purpuses, would they make the tracking information available to you?  Wouldn't they just do it without telling you? 




 Thanks! I've been wanting to get into making visualizers for a while.  I might use your source as a starting point. 




 This ditty came up while reading this awesome book, [The Nature of Code](http://natureofcode.com/book/). 









 Fuck Comcast? 




 I picked this book up randomly in a bookstore when I was 14 when my sister was touring Humbolt U.  It literally changed the way I saw myself and the world and contributed very much to my philosophy.  That and mushrooms. Highly recommend both. 




 Oh look, reddit's being racist again. 




 I'm starting an organic garden on my front yard.  You should too. Before they make it [illegal](http://abcnews.go.com/US/vegetable-garden-brings-criminal-charges-oak-park-michigan/story?id=14047214). 









 The ability to realistically render an image with paper and pencil does not make one an artist.  Being an artist is about tapping into your creativity and giving in whatever form it may take.  May I recommend two things:

[Procesing](http://processing.org/) a programming language for creating art!  Allow my to plug [my own](http://www.openprocessing.org/user/6463) portfolio for some examples.

And this book [The Artist's Way](http://www.amazon.com/The-Artists-Way-Julia-Cameron/dp/1585421464) which is a workbook for tapping into your own creativity and to stop censoring yourself!

Your photography is your art!  Whatever medium comes natural to you, practice it everyday and hone it into a talent uniquely yours. 




 Actually it's about Israel.  I don't think the OP would care if a bunch of jews living in the United States formed a security company and won a contract. 




  You're arguing against a claim nobody here has made.

It sure seems like you are making that claim when you post a link to something that is clearly NOT about jews but about Israel and call it anti-semetic.

Like I said before, there are a few people on that sub who routinely turn criticism of Israel into anti-semtism. And I and others call them out on their racist bullshit.  But you are poisoning the well by pointing to the worst of the bunch and saying it is indicative of the majority.

 you know, like you're doing right now.

I'm not defending "thinly veiled antisemitism".  I'm defending the right of people to criticize Israel without being called racist (when they are actually not being racist).  It might seem like a tough distinction to make but it's really important to make that distinction. 




 Well, you are perpetuating the conflation.  I'm over there everyday trying to sort out the racist shit from the real criticism of Israel, calling people out.  What you are doing is just as bad and is playing into the confusion. 




 Yes, that sub is frequented by people who are genuinely anti-semitic and use criticism of Israel as a cover to voice their racist mentality. BUT that does not mean that everyone on that sub who is critical of Israel is anti-semitic.  What if I told you that there are jews who are critical of Israel? Does that blow your mind?  I know you probably don't care about this because your agenda is just to make people on that sub look bad, but I think you are being disingenuous when you conflate anti-zionism with anti-semitism.

EDIT: you could try replying to me before you hit that downvote button. 




 Where did I say I support the state of Israel?  You seem mentally incapable of separating criticism of Zionism with hatred of jews.  I'm done arguing with you because you're either a troll or very very lost. 




  A quote from a speech he gave in 1938:

 I should much rather see reasonable agreement with the Arabs on the basis of living together in peace than the creation of a Jewish state. My awareness of the essential nature of Judaism resists the idea of a Jewish state with borders, an army, and a measure of temporal power, no matter how modest. I am afraid of the inner damage Judaism will sustainespecially from the development of a narrow nationalism within our own ranks, against which we have already had to fight strongly, even without a Jewish state. ... If external necessity should after all compel us to assume this burden, let us bear it with tact and patience.

Smart guy. 




 Yes. SEEEE, there are Jews who have been, do, and will continue to speak out against the injustices that go on in their name which has been HIJACKED by a dangerous elite. 




 The point had nothing do with the actual physiological reasons that sugar tastes good, as I'm sure you actually know.  The point is that not everything that tastes good is good for you, which was the original point icancatchbullets was trying to make. 




 It sounds to me like you're the one supporting genocide. YOU are the problem. 




  Plus, if superiority is a relative concept with no absolute definition, what's to stop people from forming different opinions on what "superiority" is?

Nothing, that's my point.  You really can use your own definition of "superior" if you insist on using that term at all.  Why not make your definition include some of the things you think are good? 




 ITT: racist fucks 




 Holy shit, I could find a thousand books written by white christians that have that exact same premise but with the group replaced.  When will you learn that the actions of an individual is not necessary indicative of that entire group.  You can cherry pick examples of assholes all you want, and you can come here to read more examples of what you already believe.  Do you know how fucking ridiculously fucked up your sort of rhetoric is?  How about treating all people with respect regardless of their race or religion?  Do you know how many Jews there are that are against Zionism and speak out about it?  I know it's real easy to spout out your racist nonsense behind the anonymity of a computer screen, but would you say these things in public? Why not?

/end rant 




 Sugar tastes fucking good because it triggers the same receptors as carbohydrates, which are nessesary for short-term survival.  This does not mean that our body knows that sugar is exactly what our body needs.  Your logic falls apart pretty fast. 




 How the heck do you figure that the ability to destroy one's own ecosystem is "superiority"?  As for "self-awareness" that is nearly impossible to define.

Try this on for size: superiority is a completely relative concept with no absolute definition.  It's just you saying "This is better than that" which translates to "I like this better than that."  Evolution does not give a shit about what you like better.  Complex does not equal better than simple.  The only metric of success you can use when talking about a lifeform is its ability to survive and proliferate, and by that metric, insects are surely doing better than we. 




 Please define "evolutionary superiority". 




 Holy shit, that sub is as bad as r/whiterights 




 So it's not possible for someone to engage in direct action and ALSO have a blog? 




  And how much is it to fly a head of lettuce across the continent, or a crate of bananas across the ocean?

Transporting anything is associated with carbon emissions, yes.  But that's not the point and that isn't what causes the huge emissions of meat consumption.  It is combination of methane output of cows and deforestation to make grazing land.

  and what of the carbon cost of the fertilizer that their manure replaces? 

[Manure only makes about 5% of fertilizer.](http://appliedmythology.blogspot.com/2013/03/no-cows-dont-make-fertilizer.html)  This is a non issue.

 My point is that you cannot just take one part of modern society and blame it for all of the ills of modern society. 

No one is claiming that meat consumption is to blame for ALL the ills of modern society.  Rather, it's about 14 and 22 percent of a very challenging problem. (Not to even mention the other compelling arguments for eating a plant-based diet.) If we want to solve it, we need to break it down and figure out what we can change.  Eating less meat is part of that. 




 That went from moving to powerful to jaw-dropping to eerily sobering. 




 Enjoy your prostate cancer. 




  The meat industry has contributed to climate change. Carnivorous diets haven't.

You do realize that industries don't magically emerge from nowhere and support themselves on air, right?  The strength of an industry is DIRECTLY related to consumer demand. 




 Edit: let me rephrase that.

You are right, air travel is an absolutely huge contributor to one's carbon footprint.

But Morrissey is right too.

[According to Scientific America](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-greenhouse-hamburger/):
The FAO report found that current production levels of meat contribute between 14 and 22 percent of the 36 billion tons of "CO2-equivalent" greenhouse gases the world produces every year. It turns out that producing half a pound of hamburger for someone's lunch a patty of meat the size of two decks of cards releases as much greenhouse gas into the atmosphere as driving a 3,000-pound car nearly 10 miles.

It's a fairly easy change to make with a huge impact, which is probably why he's touting it, but does it make up for the rest of the carbon emissions involved in his lifestyle? Probably not. 




 Yeah, actually [most cancer studies use those rats and the study was retracted due to pressure by Monsanto](http://truth-out.org/news/item/20516-in-depth-journal-retracts-independent-study-linking-monsanto-gmo-corn-to-cancer-in-rats).

 




 Health and safety are not the only reasons someone might want to avoid GMOs.  There are environmental effects for one, and someone might want to avoid purchasing GMO containing food because they simply don't want to support the companies profiting from it (perhaps because of the patent issue). People need to be informed in order to "vote with their dollars". 




 I get severe headaches EVERYTIME I eat food containing MSG, (even when I didn't know that it contained it before hand), so I am very grateful that it is labeled.  You cannot tell me it is completely harmless.  This is exactly why people need to be able to discern what is in the food they are eating.  You cannot make blanket statements about an organisms reaction to various chemical compounds (which is exactly what food is) and be right 100% of the time. 




 Damn, I'm sorry so many people aren't having any fun in life.  I'm an adult, I make games for a living, and I spend my copious free time hiking, swimming in rivers, playing music, and having sex with my polyamorous lovers.  This is the best my life has ever been. 









 Thanks!  You jolted me into realizing I need to get back to work!  My game is SOO close! 




 I'm travelling South America and I'm boarding a bus in Ecuador.  I have a plastic water bottle full of processed San Pedro cactus (which is a lot like Peyote, contains mescaline).  I also have some weed, which can also get you serious jail time in Ecuador.  As I'm waiting in line to board the bus, I notice a uniformed guard (perhaps a police officer?) searching people's bags before boarding.  I split off from my friend and walk around the corner where I down the San Pedro, not wanting it to go to waste, and put the weed in my sock under my foot....

Back at the bus, the guard is doing a really thorough job searching and it is taking quite a while.  By the time it is my turn I'm starting to feel the effects of the San Pedro kick in.  The guard asks me immediately to completely empty my bag.  I have a guitar, which he shakes, juggling balls, which he sniffs, and a little pipe which I've used to burn the herb that morning.  He examines the pipe for a long time, sniffing it, scraping tar with his finger, while my heart is pounding.  I mutter "para tobacco" as if that doesn't make me any more suspicious.  Finally he asks me to remove my shoes and it's all I can do to keep it together.  I step out of my my shoes and I'm now standing on top of the marijuana.  He shines a flashlight in my shoes and then finally, after what seemed like a half an hour search, tells me to get on the bus.

Needless to say, it was an interesting bus trip after that. 









 This is just not true.  There is a ton of research showing that sitting in excess is harmful to your health.

Here's a [summary of the research](http://www.juststand.org/tabid/816/default.aspx). 









 I just use a spreadsheet.  I use the following columns: 

* Type (Feature, Bug)
* Priority
* Milestone (I highly recommend using a milestone system
* Status (In Progress, Testing, Awaiting Assets, Complete, etc.)

I don't think the particular method of organization is important, just so long as you have a system which you use, makes sense to you, and use consistently. 




 Maybe I am learning this lesson now.. but is optimization really such a bad thing?  I think there is a probably a sweet spot in terms of how much effort you put into it.  Too much and you waste your time.  Too little and your game is inefficient and might not run on every device you want it to. 




 I like the music. 




 Thanks! I read that most games don't make it past alpha, so getting over these last hurdles is going to be an accomplishment!  I will be so happy just to see my game in the store. 




 Ever play [Zach McKracken and the Alien Mindbenders?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zak_McKracken_and_the_Alien_Mindbenders) that game was awesome. 




 I met with a client to discuss a potential new educational game.  Now I'm playing a game.. hehe.  Once I get that out of my system it's back to working on my game I've been working on for the past 6 months.  I think it's only a couple weeks from Beta now! 




 You sound like a confused individual. 




 Anyone want to take a stab at interpreting this video? 




 You mean... [like this?!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAb3J7WONhE) =D 




 And meanwhile..
[Thousands of Israeli's Protest the war in Gaza](http://forward.com/articles/202897/thousands-of-israelis-protest-gaza-war-in-rare-out/) 




 Does anybody remember [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NZ2jBp176E)? 




