 I disagree with your unhelpful perspective.  To consider one perspective of the world wrong (a perspective that when examining the source material at its core, is used to promote love and selflessness) and consider another to be true without definitive answers, and to raise it up through anger, is outright hypocritical.  














 Finally. Some mean comments. Was getting fucking sick and tired of Reddit's circlejerk of support and faggot pun threads.  









 MOney money money mOooneyyyy. Mahh-nehhhH 




 Zenon The Zequel 




 too bad they lost! 




 As if you've got all the answers there, laddy  




 From this angle, the job was clearly inside 




 you'll look back at this and giggle. Being so happy you held off and prove to yourself that you have discipline. 









 Long John Beaners 














 His wife is unbelievably beautiful. Even in angry/terrified mode.  
























 You're taking the Internet too seriously again, Johnny. 




 thats fine, i've only watched it like three times and its only really good when you're stoned :/ 




 You watch it for that exact purpose. There's no particular "punchline", you porkwine redditor. The purpose of trailer park boys is to giggle at the stupid shit they do and lackluster authorities accomplish nothing to stop them as the plot runs into nothingness. It's relaxing you fuktart. 
























 [is THIS him?](http://www.gifbin.com/bin/112012/1351791937_chimp_tosses_raccoon.gif) 




 Please can we stop? Every day, Reddit. Every day I have to see this same thread start. We get it, we've seen the movie. Take your precious karma and leave. And for the love of CHRIST! Let me just skip ahead and let you know your Pun Thread is terrible, uncreative, and utterly bottom shelf humor. Seeing these threads is worse than seeing 'Cops' on G4tv. Which is gone btw, and most likely will soon happen to Reddit, because of worthless content like this. The pencil art is good btw. 









 omg, when the guy does stand up comedy for them, so Gosh Damn funnny! 














 I go to the site and there's no place to buy. what a world... 




 best one ive seen in a while. :D 




 He finally ran out of breath 









 What's your steam name? I can play when I get outta soccer practice  




 What did that feel like? 




 I literally have no idea why ANYBODY posts this guys bullshit. He literally knows nothing. and I mean NOTHING about anything. and He's a fucking idiot. and this isn't even related to CoD, which is a shit series in the first place. Angry Joe makes me angry why somehow, he is successful for being the worlds chubbiest tool. fuck him. thank you.  









 woah unto, child 









 Me oh my, my oh me, I wanna go on a killing spree 




 well, its not my channel. its a friends. and you can take your rules and take them somewhere else, cuz I'm here to change the rules, and now im in charge. get ready for a new era in lets player-ry 














 if I gave a shit enough about gold, and it was more convenient to give, i'd give it to you.  
























 Well, negative attention is still attention. Too bad the game looks rather poopy.  



















 Your voice will be herded together like the other sheep...and silenced.  



























































 I'm watching this and I've gone back and forth for SOoooo long. I truly feel regret and sadness for my sexual sin, and i turn from it for a time, then I return to it. Therefore I wonder if I was ever saved at all? God! This is so scary. I hate this life. I just want to make it out alive.  




 Wanted to just make a list of sins that I've committed/am committing/will commit and secretly just need reassurance of my salvation. Honesty both ways here, thank you.

1.) Daily regularly user of pornography
2.) User of Tinder with the desire to meet somebody to have sex with
3.) Not a regular church goer and don't often consider holding the Sabbath as of high importance
4.) Often find fellowship with Christians to be disappointing and the Christians themselves to be boring/annoying
5.) Constantly searching for the best future for myself, serving myself.
6.) Drug and alcohol user, and often participate in social situations with the use of drugs and alcohol with non-believers. 

As I'm making this list, I don't mean to come off whiny or anything really. I just want those spiritually more sound than I to understand that my heart is willing, though I just generally suck and I'm not sure if my life will ever be that amazing transformation that you always hear about. If I continue in and out of these sins, will I be damned to eternal wrath? Will I ever be fully out of these sins? Can you pray for me? What do I need to do to be in right standing with God? Is there anything I can "DO"? 




 Worst case scenario, you can just press mute and follow allow with the images ;) 




 lol probably the same point there is to watching people play video games or whispering into a mic making crinkling noises, you just have to find your niche.  



















 Hawai'i 












































 Shitflip* 




 Jesus CHrist, how are you on Monsanto's cock so hard? Are they paying you? GMO    ARE fucking bad for you and Monsanto IS an evil company. It's a fucking known FACT. fuck out of here with this shill bullshit.  




 Correct me if I'm wrong.

With the PetroDollar continuing to lead the US towards Iran, when do you think the US will invade? How will the US go about it? False Flag? ISIS propaganda? And if an occupation of Iran does occur, how long before Russia and China intervene? Will this be the fall of the United States or am I just sensationally offtrack?  




 CoD is the ultimate retard rumble. So fuckin sick of this series. How does complete garbage keep being made what's popular. Its worse than PewDiePie.  




 looks dumb. want full control. wasted potential. coop should be side option. 




 Basically what I was getting at is the difference between Human forgiveness and Angelic forgiveness. I feel its different.  




 Well I don't know what kind of authority Elder Paisios has over the Bible, but its pretty clear in Revelations that Satan is destined for destruction and would be far too proud to ever consider asking for forgiveness.  




 http://www.gotquestions.org/does-God-love-Satan.html
 




 I am saying that based on what I've observed of God's actions towards angels within the bible, yes, his forgiveness has limitations when applied to his direct spiritual servants.  




 I don't think Angels can be forgiven. Because they were born into the perfect light and presence of God, knowing full well the consequences of their Sin. For humans, we are born into darkness and know not the sin we commit and its implications spiritually. Therefore, we go from darkness to light and the devil came from light to darkness.  




 like a hockey net and the goalies water jug! 




 Roger Poger Pudding and Pie
 frag out
 let's make em' cry. 




 obviously it is not good to hate. But don't let the judgement of others, based on your own person history, hinder you from coming to Christ in all vulnerability.  




 Wait, are you the Natureman? 




 Maybe it's worse than we think? Maybe there's bases on the moon?....maybe even Mars? ...get your ass to Mars (the chocolate factory) 




 Crossfit is pretty neat. I participate in it Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Fridays throughout the week. My favorite trainer is young Jeffery, but all the trainers are good. It's expensive but way cheaper than personal trainers but just as good. Now if only I had a dietitian I'd be set. 




 Oh Snu Snu? It's a reference to futurama where the gang ends up in a matriarchal tribe with huge Amazonian like women who have sex (Snu Snu) with men until they pass away. Reddit likes futurama. Reddit also likes [Hilary Clinton with Bacon](http://www.mrbaconpants.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/coocoobacon.jpg) 




 Lol 




 That's sucks they got fined. If I wanted to post my adventures in youtube, how do I do so without being identified and charged? 




 The workout? Clean and jerk. You use your hips to pull it from the ground, drop under it, front squat it, quickly pop it over head while dropping under it to position, fully extending your arms and maintain your leg base. 




 you won;t 




 Holy Shit, New Years 2015. Jan 1st! 




 Maybe its a tshirt thong combo 




 Well, we're all gonna be retarded soon if we don't stop this... 




 yeah lol 




 Well good luck looking your family in the eye and sleeping at night when that same employer tells you to 'take the shot'.  









 Welcome to Reddit.  




 Maybe its a t-shirt thong combo 




 [What in the world are they spraying?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf0khstYDLA) 




 In all sincerity, I really don't think Jesus cared about politics in the slightest. His Kingdom was not of this world.  




 But, how can you call yourself a human by following such unwarranted orders?

Streakers? Better bash them with my riot shield.

Why? Because boss man said so and I can't think for myself.  




 The fuck is wrong with policemen? If he would've hit her, she most likely would've been injured just because she was naked. Go fuck yourself if you're like this 5-0 psychopath.  









 Professional...haha....you have no idea what the circumstances were for him. Guess he should just bend over and fill up with butt plugs as well then? 









 this is great 




 They have no authority to cancel these Holidays. Oh well, sorry kids.  




 gild me 




 ya blew it 




 Really weird coincidence that I was watching stuff about time travel and then this trailer comes out. Weirrrrrrd 0;) 




 Gritty Open-word Indie Immersion.  




 There can be only one US 




 I've known Jesus as my savior for quite some time. I love what God has done for me, what God has taught me, and who God has turned me into. I was blessed to have made it through nursing school and am a male nurse at my local hospital with a steady job at a young age. There are no legitimate, outright issues or struggles within my life that are observable to the outside world. My only issue is, I feel that I have very little satisfaction with life. I spend 40+ hours a week at my job, with very little enjoyment. In my downtime between sleep, I spend at the gym working out, where I have very few social connections. On my days off, working nights, I usually waste the first day sleeping. The weeks are flying by and I feel as if though this life that Christ has given me is being wasted on the mundane and conventional. 

What is it that brings you, as a fellow Christian, satisfaction and fulfillment out of life?  




 How the fuck is this a terrorist attack? 




 There are so many educated individuals to learn from throughout the entirety of the nation, with mountains of their media populating the internet. Why has this one particular character, Neil deGrasse Tyson become such a prominent figure throughout the Reddit consciousness? With so many articles and videos being posted to this website on a second by second basis, how does one particular niche professor maintain a presence on the front page of multiple subreddits on a relatively consistent basis? Is there an underlying hive mind that regulates the postings within reddit, that if not adhered to are buried in downvotes? Doesn't this frequent perspective from a single source, although intelligent, generate a recycled confirmation biased among the user base? What is it about this character that draws such a fancy from some many Redditors? 









 looks fake 




 I just find him massively annoying. 




 A miracle.  




 What if we like papa johns, can I still join? Also, one time a cat nipped my foot and I dropped an air conditioner on it - It Wasn't My Fault! 




 I wish I was a redditor :( 




 I don't get it.  




 I miss Michael.  




 But isn't that the great part about the Internet? There are billions of others that you can shed the truth of your opinion onto. I am merely a misguided consumer :*(. Woah unto me... 




 Exactly, people get caught up with the ethics behind it all. At the end of the day, it's not our responsibility to be the ESRB. If we enjoy the game and it's fun then congrats to destructive games on a fantastic first entry! 




 This game looks awesome!!!!!!!1 




 Themes of the game aside, it's still a game. When I play max payne or gta, it is just fun to kill people. To play a shooter of any sort and enjoy it, only to knock another shooter for its themes is outright hypocritical. Just because this game "appears" to be deriving meaning or purpose from senseless violence, does not mean that the character couldn't have multiple layers. No matter the outcome, this argument has long been played out on the mainstream media thousands of times and really isn't worth running in circles over. Mental illness or taking violent action is a choice and studies have clearly shown that an artistic form of game media will not abruptly perpetuate those murderous actions. If the game is fun, let it be fun. If it crosses a few boundaries, let it do so with pride. Just don't let your kids play it and we'll all be fine ;)     




 Depending on whether you use motion capture and or a procedurally generated animation system, the possibilities are endless. Play Max Payne 3 and tell me the death animations in CoD are still satisfying after experiencing the novelty of the Euphoria animation system.   




 THis sucks  




 Are you kidding me? Death animations are the primary feedback you receive from a shooter. You play a shooter to shoot things, and if you have to see the same shit over and over again, I don't see how that would keep your attention. Have you played gta or max payne 3? The animation system is amazing. Never the same thing.  




 Mechanics-wise, it looks kinda fun. I just feel like the death animations are so repetitive and there's no use of physics or ragdoll whatsoever. They still use some of the same death animations from CoD 4...that's pitiful... 




 Repost. 









 It just goes through history from American Revolution to our current time about how all of the wars fought within the United States were created by Centralized Banking Cartel beginning to lose power, therefore regaining control post-war, and how war is used to implement their shadow governments. Essentially, modern day slavery is achieved through debt and usury.  




 If your skin is dark, and we don't like you, you're a member of ISIS.  









 Ahh Jizz la wizz 




 There's nothing worse than looking like an IDEOT on the internets 




 Yeah the euphoria animation system that rock star uses is feat among feats 




 Sounds...almost like...Reddit? 




 not sure why reddit talks shit on 9gag. reddit is equally gay. thanks. suckfest 




 f u 




 I apologize ahead of time for being so ignorant. 

I only watch the news in passing at work, and all I can say is, I'm so fed up with the lies and scare tactic propaganda that I feel almost all news outlets are force feeding down the American public's throats.

Am I wrong to say that men in black garbs and turbans with AK47s shown marching on television seems to be the biggest load of horseshit I have ever seen generated in the mainstream media narrative thus far? For the longest time, I was waiting for another 9/11 false flag to happen, enabling our military free reign to invade the remaining middle eastern countries such as Syria - and then a more prepared nation, distrusting of official stories would begin to stand against our misleading government. But now, there comes the story of journalists getting beheaded, and stories of "terrorists" murdering their own people, and that's all that's required for the U.S. to begin airstrikes on "select" Syrian targets? And not a god damn peep from the general public? And this all happens right around the 9/11 anniversary, when public "emotion" is at its highest. I just can't keep the story straight anymore. It's just all so ambiguous and makes no sense.

I also disdain the fact that our public still believes in fairy tales of good and evil, as if there exist no grey areas, and the ones WE bomb are the ones who deserve it. It's just so disheartening to know that I am part of  such a violent and uneducated public who still calls themselves Christian yet pulls the trigger everyday; and a government that would rather spew lies directly to our faces than ever considering standing up against big corporate business interests in foreign countries. 

It's almost like I'm living in a dream anymore. A dream where there is no hope for the people, and all there is to expect from life is small culminations of human hate and greed. How did it come to this? 

Please help me make sense of all this. All opinions are welcome. I just don't know who to trust anymore.  




 You are all a bunch of NigNogs.  




 Burn in a pile a molten cum.  




 They dictate all the monies. And have limited auditing regulations. Imagine being the owner of this centralized banking system? You'd be hella rich 




 [I like this site](http://www.gotquestions.org/when-Gospels-written.html)  




 The validity of the text is essentially nullified based on the fact that the article itself states that the text was possibly authored 800 years after Christ's life on Earth. That's like me writing a document stating that Jesus had laser vision and someone digging it up in the year 3200 AD, calling it valid strictly based on the fact its now a document of antiquity. Can we seriously think for ourselves people? 




 Watch [Zeitgeist debunked](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFI6m6Icav4) , a lot of what you're stating is fabricated to fit the agenda of the Zeitgeist creator. Also, to say Jesus didn't exist, even as a historical figure is outrageous. And stating, "those who 'came to arrest him' could never find him because he didn't virtually exist" is a logical fallacy because you're pulling accounts from the Gospel source material to refute the source material. It makes no sense.  









 Reddit is gay and for fagguts 




 go to sleep newfag. lol jk i have no idea either. 




 CDC. ATL, GA. Walking Dead.  




 Bob'ama 









 surge sucks assholes. and this is marketing at its finest.  




 he earned it

Edit: and makes quality content 




 take it back :c 




 The post is clearly for Big Mac. Obey. Consume. /r/hailcorporate 




 That bitch! 




 nigga woulda got a pretty bashing in the U.S... Fuck America and fook the police.  




 If you've made it thus far, you're probably curious what happened to the rest of the puppies. Yup, dead. All dead. Eaten by Guildabeasts. Yeah, I know sad right? Should have listened to blazetheraze and stopped reading. What's a Guildabeast, you ask? It's a big gay guy with a tiny dick and hooves for feet used to carry out painful erotica bullshit. Yeah, I know, fucked up right? Should of just stopped reading like blazetheraze told you. But since you've made it this far, you should be aware that the Jews did 9/11 and you're retarded if you don't even question the official 9/11 commission. And by retarded, I mean you're a fearful bastard who probably will flag this comment, strictly on the basis that its "Stepped over its bounds" and will offend poor little grandma. Well, you know what? Fuck grandma. She was a dumb Slut just like mom. She got pregnant and fucked up her dreams before she was 20, but I suppose that was more "commendable" back then, huh? Well, sorry to break it to ya, but having kids, growing old and dying is a waste of life. You haven't even figured out your own self and now you wanna bring another life into this world so you can vicariously live through them and impart all your insecurities into their innocent heart? Also, make sure they go to college and get an "education". Because we all know 50k in student loans is the best way to teach someone that committing suicide would be a lot easier than this bullshit. So, the cycle repeats. What fun? Well, thanks for joining me and remember to stick your head in the sand when any real truth is placed in front of you. :)


tl;dr -  You should have listened to blazetheraze and just stopped reading. 




 I have a crush with you.  









 A comfortable read through about the mysterious murder and investigation therein of Elizabeth Short, better know as "The Black Dahlia".  What are your thoughts on this unsolved LAPD case?
 









 MDE never dies. 




 the first female president. a proud day for americo 









 darn, I thought the video was gonna be will sasso doing a conspiracy theory parody.  




 Bro...Don't even, bro.  




 I love this show. Everything always comes back to bite Larry in the bottom ;) His movie, "Clear History" on HBO is to die for!! 




 Thank you.  




 Green Monkeys baby 









 Honestly, I think he's gay. 




 to absorb entertainment. If you read my statement again, its stating that you "shouldn't" worry about what people say about you on the INTERNET 




 who cares what others think. its just internet 









 I wonder what Heaven's gonna be like? This life is one part of infinity and only seems to matter as to set a stage for whats to come. Boy oh boy, I can't wait. It's like, every story we read is about conflict, but the story in Heaven will be eternal peace. It'll be so unbelievably great to have our minds opened to the understanding of resting forever in the arms of Christ.  




 Poopsicle Sandwich 




 it auto downloads upon click. imgur it please 




 I swear they've been using the same engine since 3 









