 We should all learn from the deaf frog which climb the tree: Life is unpredictable and nothing is guaranteed, so dont delay and start living your dream today! Don't let your fears prevent you from achieving your dreams.  














 Congratulations, man! Take this experience to enhance your skills and your knowledge. Show respect to everyone you work with, particularly to those lower than you. They'll help you climb up the ladder to your success.  




 Would definitely want to see this up close. The design seems cold, but seeing something bending the rule of architecture is surely eye catching.  




 That's one great workmanship! And way more satisfying than having someone do it for double, maybe triple the price.  




 People have so many concerns at the moment that they wouldn't even bother to know why someone got fired. And even without a job, she surely can survive. A tough woman there.  




 This looks okay, but would want to drink coffee while shopping? I know I don't. Sorry.  




 How far can architecture go? Hold on tight, so you wouldn't be swept away by the fast moving technology.  




 I read this from the Internet, and I know I had to share it. It will make you think of the phrase: You come in this world with nothing and you die with nothing. One man obviously didnt feel this was the case when he asked his wife, When I die, can you bury all of the money with me?.

He wanted her to put it all in the casket with him. Thinking that she would fulfill his last dying wish he thought nothing more of it.

During his working life this man was a real cheapskate, and only spent when he really had to. He saved it all in this little shoe box you can see below.

When he eventually passed away, He was laid out and his wife sat next to her life-long friend. When the ceremony was just about to finish, and the coffin was about to be covered he wife screamed, Wait one second!.

He was stretched out in the casket, the wife was sitting there in black next to their best friend. When they finished the ceremony, just before the undertakers got ready to close the casket, the wife said, Wait a minute! She walked over and placed the shoebox in the casket.
Her friend asked her, Surely you werent silly enough to put all that money in there! The women responded, Yeh I had to keep my promise, I am a good Christian, Id never break a promise.
The friend said, What! You put every last cent in there with him?!
The women responded, No, I counted it all up, put it in my bank account, and wrote him a cheque!
 









 The reaction of the baby is just so wonderful that it makes me feel sad when he finally realized that not everything he sees is beautiful. But still, the good thing is he can see the beauty of his family.  














 We should not have discrimination like these animals. 




