 This is a very good point, the US is 38th in the world I believe in terms of healthcare. We have a disorganized networks of semi-private organizations motivated by profit. The #2 post on this subreddit right now states 85% of 1900 nurses surveyed across the nation have still not been given any briefing whatsoever on how to handle a case. 




 I think it's a combination of misinformation or omission of relevant details from credible sources and the fickle nature or short attention spans of people preventing them from caring enough to actually follow an outbreak on this timescale. Ebola moves slow enough to not capture the public imagination for very long. 




 Yes exactly. I think the public should be made aware of these facts and a change in protocols and red tape should be instituted. The government needs to be much more proactive with this whole situation and it seems than without prolific scientific and public criticism they are complacent. Based on what this looks like in a couple months, it may be necessary to begin building Ebola designated hospitals in major urban areas to ensure a higher level of scalability across the nation. The US government should use its political weight to encourage international cooperation to provide similar things in poor regions with a very high population density such as the slums of India and South America. An outbreak here poses much greater threats than West Africa. 




 Yes this is my exact point. 




 Actually the studies on Ebola were minimal until this current outbreak. Not many labs have the abilities to test on BSL4 level pathogens and there was little reason to do this as there was a belief that ebola would burn itself out before killing more than 20-100 people because that had happened multiple times already. 

I directly work with someone who is at the CDC 4 days a week working on Ebola. I know what they know and I know how smart they are. They are still people though they are not on a whole other planet they are on earth, literally and figuratively. I am up to date on the vast majority of published scientific studies on the matter and believe me there is a lto of debate in the scientific community over certain specifics. I'm sure the CDC has some material which is not publically published in scientific journals but they aren't that far ahead. it is in their interests to keep the rest of the community up to date. Like I said, I said the more you learn the more you learn what you don't know.  




 You are right, my thought process was that redditors opinions may be based somewhat on government and CDC scientist's statements. I know for a fact experts in ebola, especially those with ties to the CDC who don't want to alienate themselves, that are going to publicly comment on the matter have discussed what they should and should not say. They are downplaying or omitting facts and I believe this had an effect on proactive precautionary measures being taken in hospitals, most notable in Dallas Presbyterian. Does that make sense? Maybe it is a bit of a stretch but that was my thought process.  




 I don't think it's malice or stupidity. I think it is intentionally omitted because they believe there is a possibility these facts could cause panic. I think Obama believes what the CDC says reflects on him and due to the November elections has directly or indirectly told Frieden what he needs to avoid saying and the message necessary to best help the democratic party in these elections. Are these unreasonable things to assume? I'd honestly like feedback on this. 




 Expontentially, 10,000 quickly turns into 100,000 which turns into millions. The CDC predicted 500k to 1.4 million cases by the end of the year. I wouldn't criticize my statistic or epidemiological prowess when you use the current number of cases as a justification for that critisism.  I am not worried about the coming months, but what this will look like in 1, 2 or 3 years. Please explain how exactly I'm fear mongering by advocating for high levels of preparedness and public transparency I specifically did not make any claims either way, just stated facts such as the possibility cannot be discounted of an outbreak in the US in the coming months and years. I want proactive precautions and appropriate dissemination of information and for people to educate themselves and draw their own conclusions. 




 I ask myself these same question  what should we be doing? I think the government should state the facts, we don't know enough about ebola to quantify the risk of a larger outbreak in the US within the coming months and years. It might be small but it is there. This can be used as political fodder, along with the resulting possible public backlash as a justification for a massive increase in the CDC's budget. The same justifications would provide means to substantially subsidize and expedite the clinical trial and mass scale production of a vaccine like ZMapp or VSV. 

The US government could also offer substantial incentives or even require major pharmaceutics companies to work as a singular entity to make this happen. I think the CDC could, with a larger budget and more political weight, work in tandem with the MSF, WHO and US army to set up BSL4 compatible hospitals in the affected areas to mitigate the current damage. Sith sufficient amounts of vaccine to cover the US population, additional vaccines could be produced for the peoples of West African. The US army, working with the other previously mentioned organizations as well as medical sociologists and local leaders could provide a distribution network for the entire affected region. We should be making preparations to do this right now. 




 They wouldn't be 100% avoidable. Unless you were to do something like physically wall that area of the world in, infected people could simply travel over the land to a neighboring country and infect a single person there. If they have a Nigerian passport, they wouldn't be able to fly but this newly infected person could.Walling off these countries is just not feasible unfortunately. A simple air and passport ban on affected countries would greatly decrease the chances of it getting to the US however.

There are also political matters at play here. This would have to come from high up and would probably look pretty callous.. Despite this I have got the impression recent the government won't hesitate to put a travel restriction in place for these countries if even one more person makes it here while infected. 




 We aren't better or separated from nature at all. We ARE nature. Nature is ruthless, callous and indifferent. We are not special, nature is quite literally trying to kill us in a myriad of ways at all times. All we are is an incredibly and unimaginably complex configuration of molecules and chemical reactions which happened to form, replicate and gradually change in ways over a very long period of time. Each generation led to better suited replicating molecules fortheir environment. After a period of 3.5 billion years you go from a single, very simple replicating complex which happened to randomly form to humans. All it takes to kill a significant number of us is another set of molecules, a bit of a simple configuration which mimics us and utilizes our body's metabolic processes and chemicals to replicate itself, a virus. This virus is not malevolent, it is not evil, it is not intentionally killing us, it simply is. Our bodies are pretty fragile, there are a bunch of other threats as well, all of which could eliminate the human race from this short blip of time we call history. It would be like we never existed at all.

 




 ... I only used the word hubris twice in the entire post, 3 if you count the edit. It's an apt and perfectly suited term to concisely express this sentiment. Maybe /r/ebola as a community overuses that word but I honestly am not on here 24/7 or even normally more than 10 mins a day what are yo implying? That word would be over the average /r/ebola subscribed's head? 




 I feel all politicians should be scientifically literate. In fact I'm willing to bet all of those who are of the caliber for a position like POTUS are. They are incredibly smart people with an understanding encompassing many completely topics. It wouldn't surprise me if Obama has never read a research paper or WHO/CDC briefing or report in-depth. He knows the importance of delegation and it is superfluous to read the entire report when he can just be briefed on the main points. 

I can also almost guarantee that both Obama and Frieden have full knowledge of the threat of Ebola and I would love to hear what they actually think off the record. I bet what they have to say would be very realistic and an accurate assessment. Something along the lines of
 Yes it is a real and definite threat. Yes a sizable outbreak will probably eventually occur in the US if vaccinations are not offered to the public on the large scale. However, the time frame for the completion of clinical trials and mass production/distribution of ZMapp or VSV or some other vaccine is on track for completion by a time to minimize the possibility of a large scale outbreak. This is obviously not ideal but there are no further resources at my disposal to change this. I don't have the time or means to completely eliminate any threat but letting the public know this would only induce fear. I would face heavy criticism from the republicans(if it was Obama) for letting this get to a threat level in the first place. They would spin it in a way to make to hurt Democrats and also end use this as fodder to attach my healthcare act and other tangentially if at all related issues. Besides, If I was to be wrong after publicly stating there was a definite threat, I would be criticized as well. As much as I dislike keeping information from the public the reality is that their knowledge of this is irrelevant.

Actually thinking through that response as if I were them makes this whole thing a lot clearer and I understand but object to it. 




 Yep it's a very polarizing topic and unfortunately it seems the government seems to think it necessary to choose either one extreme or the other when making public statements, honestly this choice may be necessary unfortunately. Public hysteria has the potential to be more devastating than Ebola itself and that must be avoided. Maybe I'm naive in thinking the public would be receptive to a middle ground point of view but that would be pretty sad for humanity as a whole if it wasn't true. The government is pretty good at sizing up what the public response to a given scenario would be and maybe they're right.  




 My intention with this post was not to invoke fear or predict ebola is going to be the end of days, I just want to make what I see as the government and scientific community intentionally either misrepresenting things or doing this by omission. I'm sure it doesn't come across this way and have wondered since this post if I am actually contributing to the problem or the solution. I didn't make any claims in the post and tried instead to encourage to not trust a single source, me included and that everyone should do their own research about this threat. I understand how that is probably not the most salient conclusion that was drawn from this post and that is regrettable.

That being said I think it should be made apparent how many unknown factors there are in terms of the scientific understand of ebola before any government statements terms of confidence discussing outbreak potential. In addition, there have been multiple mistakes made according tor quarantine protocol in 100% of the patients treated in the US who were not intentionally brought here and monitored at every step by the CDC. A sample size of 1 is not representative of how closely proper protocols would be handled with 10 or 20 or 100 patients and in fact Texas is likely to be one of the states where hospitals are most unprepared for a patient and the mistakes of Dallas Presbyterian was wake-up call for hospitals everywhere I'm sure and procedures will be praticed upon and improved but it really is not a reassuring level of prepardeness which has been displayed so far. This disease is not going to stop spreading in W Africa and eventually another infected people will make it over here somehow so I just want to ensure that proper and perhaps even superfluous caution is used in these cases due to what we don't understand about ebola. 




 There is a definite fear mongering presence in this subreddit and I'm sure my post is not helping this at all. I was just trying to call attention to what seems to me to be overstating our confidence in terms of ebola as a mininal threat. There isn't enough evidence either way to make claims about outbreak possibility and this uncertainty should statement apparent with any claims made by high profile government officials. I just don't think the public should be coddled.

I agree this is not an end of days, the end is nigh level threat and really tried to keep any fear mongering in my post to a minimum but I'm sure it still comes across that way. I've been wondering if I am contributing to the problem or the solution and I'm really not sure. We will find out in a year or two and hopefully I'll look very silly for making this post.  




 Thank you for caring enough to look into it yourself and not just trusting what you are told. If the average person cared enough to do this more often, making a post like this one would be unnecessary.  




 Because it's versatile word which is directly applicable to the incredibly common human trait, over-confidence? It's a pretty common scenario, common enough to have its own word... I can guarantee you I learned the word through reading and not from reddit but as long as people don't go throwing it around inappropriately hopefully I've introduced a couple new people to the word with this post. 




 I agree, the stress and public scrutiny levels would be overwhelming. At the same time you will get very little recognition if you succeed in containing ebola in terms of public appreciation. That's what expected of you. If you fail however, all the blame comes directly on you and you will be heavily criticized world-wide. If the CDC had successfully contained ebola in terms of the patient in the US or even worldwide we sure as hell would not be thanking them for as long as we have been scrutinizing them and the whole issue would be quickly forgot. 




 These things are not mutually exclusive either. It is not unreasonable to protect yourself before others, in fact it is only natural and there should be no blamed placed on those who do this. We could be doing more help abroad of course, and I advocate we do this while protecting ourselves. 


My ideas about changes to be made to help fight this disease include substantial increases in the funding of the CDC who would work in tandem with the US military to set up hospitals which have appropriate BSL4 precautions. Zmapp or a VSV vaccine/treatment would be massively subsidized and scientists and pharmaceutical companies would be  given incentive or required to work as a single entity to mass produce high enough quantities of this drug to distribute across West Africa along with quantities necessary for distribution to the entire US. This immunization would be either mandatory or readily available with no or minimal cost. The military would would with cultural sociologists, local leaders and medical personelle to implement vaccine distribution across West Africa. This would hopefully work to both halt the spread completely and offer vaccines to every citizen in the US in case we cannot contain the disease. 




 You're right, but the public was told was a minute possibility that it would make it to the US. I remember reading a study claiming a 12.8% chance before the end of the year. I didn't intentionally misrepresent the facts, I was not remember the exact press statements of Frieden and Obama correctly and this caused me to use definitives in my wording when they were not true. 

It wasn't my intention to make things up for fear mongering purposes, thanks for pointing this out and I apologize. 




 What does one thing have to do with the other? Because there are people being affected on an exponentially higher scale halfway across the world and things could be a lot worse, we can't point out flaws in missteps because it isn't respectful? There is absolutely no reason why one thing has any effect on the other outside of the fact that they are both related to a specific disease. 




 I agree. After doing the research and looking at every available ebola study I have access to we don't know enough to make any claims about what is going to happen. My post might come across like ebola is going to decimate the world but what I am trying to say is that we don't understand it well enough to say it won't spread. It most likely will be akin to a hang-nail in terms of effect on the human population. It will definitely be noticeably and cause some pain but you won't die due to it. 

However small the chance of Ebola actually having a large scale outbreak may be, shouldn't we prepare for the worst anyways? Over-preparedness is definitely preferable to being caught off guard. It seems so simple to me and yet I understand this would be an expensive and ardous process which may turn out to be complete overkill. Here's to hoping I am wrong on every single level. 




 The only answer to that is we have absolutely no idea. Theoretically it should be lower but there are a multitude of confounding factors which we know we but don't understand or which are unknown completely which could make it stay the say or every increase. For example it is thought there is a level of innate immunity present in a portion of the West African population due to environmental pressures. It might spread easier here for all we know.  




 I am from Austin but have never been admitted to the ER anywhere in Texas. I am not surprised in this 'nonchalant incompetence' in Texas hospitals however. Of anywhere, Texas was probably one of the worse states for an ebola patient to show up in.

 By the way I like 'nonchalant incompetence' a lot in terms of phrasing. It conveys the actions of hospital employees much better than my description, I will probably steal it in the future. 




  'Yets' and 'buts' don't cut it for me with Ebola. Multiple lapses in quarantine protocol occurred as a direct result of the hospital and state health department and indirectly the CDC . I understand what you are saying, but you have to admit the entire process did not play out according to plan and displayed a level of unpreparedness unacceptable in first world countries. At the same time, you're right this could have played out much much worse. It will serve as the necessary wake up call to drill all hospital in ebola protocols and was probably a blessing in disgiuse. 

* All of the following were avoidable breaches of protocol, any one of which could have resulted in transmittion: 
* Four government employees walked into a BSL4 environment without any protection whatsoever. 
* The patient was sent home with a 103F fever despite the fact he mentioned he was from Liberia. 
* His apartment was not cleared of potential bio hazards because of government bureaucracy and the process of getting permits for this. 
* The ambulance was not properly disinfected after his transport
* Direct family was quarantined without being provided with things like food for a span of a couple of days.
* A nurse presumably incorrectly handled her PPE equipment, most likely by not following protocol to the T when taking the PPE off.

This is not the only time someone with ebola will show up seemingly out of nowhere at a hospital in the US. This level of competency in handling this patient is insufficient to minimize possible transmission risks. All it takes is a single untraced contact to begin a larger scale outbreak. What if it is someone homeless for example, what if it is a food industry employee who does not have insurances and attempts to work through the symptoms. 




 I'd have to put it as slightly forced optimism and frustration at how things are playing out. They work with a high level passion, determination and personal investment in success which of course is conducive to a great amount of stress. These are the some of the smartest people in the world, they work almost 24/7 and they are doing incredible work with what they can. I really hope I am not coming off in anyway resentful towards the CDC employees as that is in no way the case, outside perhaps those responsible for picking their PR stratagems. I admire and respect everyone theregreatly. At the same time I'm glad I'm not in their shoes and am somewhat frustrated not with anyone in particular but with these events. 




 The scary part is that those other people who are "smarter" than you really don't have that much of a better idea than you do. The more you learn about anything the more you realize how much you don't know. 




 Considering how much we don't understand about Ebola I feel any speculation on why we think an outbreak probably won't happen is irrelevant. If there is a chance of a large scale outbreak,  however minute that chance may be,  shouldn't that possibility be addressed?  

Edit: within reason of course. I shouldn't go out and spend millions of dollars because I bought a lottery ticket. The hard part is defining reasonable and unreasonable. 




 I'm sure that is indeed the case. I know for a fact behind scenes scientists have decided to intentionally down play the issue. The masses are being shielded from reality like small children incapable of handling a harsh reality. There is a balance between this and fear mongering which must be met  




 They worded their statements in a way that could cover a huge number of scenarios. If there are 30000 infections would that be considered Ebola spreading widely? It is only about .01% of the U.S. population.  




 If scientists could put their thoughts as poetically as this we'd be in much better shape right now. Aren't many poetic scientists like Carl Sagan, the two qualities don't really coincide unfortunately. 




 Looking at the transcripts of Obama and Friedan announcement's regarding patient 0, it looks like you're right they specify that it would be complete isolated, just contained.

Frieden on 9/30 'The bottom line here is that I have no doubt that we will control this importation or case of Ebola so it does not spread widely in this the country.  It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual could develop Ebola in the coming weeks.  But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.'
Mid-September Obama said 'chances of an Ebola outbreak here are extremely low'.

From a PR standpoint it makes sense to be intentionally vague while implying there would be no further transmission or threat of any level. Maybe that's why I thought they made specific claims but you're right.  I think my general point still stands as the message conveyed is much more important than exact word choice but I shouldn't have claimed those specifics when they weren't actually true.  




 I haven't read any of the most recent rounds of studies but I remember reading a paper that calculated an of R0 1.5-1.9 that was published mid-september I believe. They used WHO reported cases I believe and did mention the fact that these numbers are likely under-reported and it could in fact be higher than this. 




 That's definitely true. I that the expectation of the public that a serious epidemic would be like the movies instead of something gradual over years along with the notion the government is this omnipowerful agency and not something human and fallible can't help either. Before all of this that's sure what I thought. If you had shown me a movie depicting these exact circumstances a year ago it would have made me roll my eyes. I would have thought how the patient was handled in Dallas was a completely ridiculous scenario and government ineptitude like that would never happen in real life.  




 My concern is that R0 may directly correlate with number of infections. As more cases pop up, resources like contract tracing become increasingly difficult. I'm more worried about what this will look like in 2-3 years than anytime soon.  




 I'm currently doing research on in silica genome sequencing algorithms and identification of ORFs and frameshifts and have a degree in Biomedical engineering. 




  Granted this is not a problem in this subreddit so much but this is a small fraction of Reddit. Reddit itself is a cross-section of the a world population consisting mostly of people who are relatively educated, scientifically literate and young. Despite the fact that a transmission of Ebola in the United States is now confirmed, in /r/news replies with speculation like this are still the most upvoted.

[The differences in healthcare, cultural practices,etc.] is why you see the pattern in Africa that you don't, and very likely wont here the US.

This attitude troubles me greatly because the young and scientifically literate Reddit population seemingly agrees with it or else it would not be at the top. Is this not again the same hubris that was displayed with claims that Ebola would **NEVER**to the US? After that was it this same hubris again when US government changed their attitude to OK it got here but there is absolutely **NO RISK** of it spreading to anyone from Mr. Duncan. (Edit: Saying NEVER and NO RISK here was not  entirely accurate there were no definite, quantifiable claims actually made see bottom for more info)  For the second time, this kind of thinking can now be seen for the potentially harmful combination of over-confidence and unrealistic and completely irrelevant optimism it is. The whole thought process that we're Americans, our healthcare system is vastly superior to any West African country, it can't spread is not only wrong but is causing inaction and apathy. We can't keep up this overconfidence when up the risk of Ebola is real and saying that it probably will not spread is of absolutely no relevance. The fact remains it **can** spread and America response so far has only demonstrated a significant level of ineptitude and vulnerability when dealing with Ebola.

This arrogance directly resulted in the whole Dallas fiasco and the spectacular mishandling of patient zero on basically every single level possible. The first real evaluation of our healthcare system with regards to Ebola failed literally on every single level. From the initial misdiagnosis, to the negligent handling of potential biohazard, to the miscoordination of government agencies in the quarantine of possible contacts and now finally to improper protection of the hospital staff. I cannot name a single thing that went right.

As a scientist with a morbid fascination in Ebola, I have been following it since June and have taken the time to look at basically every related peer reviewed article and study. I'm sure many of you are the exact same. I have been saying exactly this over and over again since the response to patient 0 was so obviously negligent. My lab is in Atlanta and the head researcher was hired in August by the CDC for work on Ebola. I know first hand that there is a striking and disconcerting difference between the public image they project and the actual feelings of the employees there. I don't understand the attitude the scientific community is using in the media right now downplaying this issue. It's like a parent not telling their child something because they are afraid it is too serious for the child to completely understand that it could bother them. We need to err on the side of caution rather than worry about how this will look to the public.

I think the best thing that the average person who agrees with this and is as puzzled as I am can be do at this point is to try to change the opinion of anyone and everyone you can. This must be done in a way which is as amicable and non-insulting as possible, as a discussion rather than a lecture, which is kind of hard to do that while getting your point across at the same time. As a community, it might be a good idea to discuss what we can do to point out this hazardous line of thinking and what the most effective way of convincing people to change their minds. A better way of putting it is that you don't want to change peoples minds at all, you want to provide the means for them to convince themselves their  attitude is incorrect. Does anyone have any advice on how to toe the line between fear mongering and reasonable concern? 

**Edit:** The above wording implies high profile officials directly stated ebola would definitely not come to the US and that it absolutely would not spread are not entirely correct according to the wording of the press statements.
 Obama stated in mid september:
'The chances of an Ebola outbreak here in the United States are extremely low.' 

Thomas Frieden, director of the CDC in his press conference on 9/30.
The bottom line here is that I have no doubt that we will control this importation or case of Ebola so it does not spread widely in this the country.  It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual could develop Ebola in the coming weeks.  But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.' 

It was not my intention to make things up for the purposes of my argument and I was more referring to the implications of these statements and how I personally interpreted them along with how I felt the general population did. I didn't look at the exact wording of these statements prior to posting this and was going off memory and should have been more diligent with my claims.  However, the statements are intentionally ambiguous so they don't come back to bite Obama and Frieden in the ass despite a large number of possible scenarios. I feel they also definitely convey a sense of dismissal towards any outbreak possibilities. I believe there is insignificant scientific understanding of ebola in terms of transmission and epidemiology of Ebola to make these claims and this should be made is readily apparent along with any claims. In my opinion press statements about Ebola should be treated with the same levels of scrutiny used in peer review articles. I do not believe any peer review article would have made these exact claims without accompanying them with information about unknowns. 

**Edit 2:** I want to clear something up which is not readily apparent from this post. I am **not** saying ebola is an end of days scenario, that is is going to change the world we live or or disrupt civilization. I am making the point that some of the public sentiment and the attitude of the government towards this disease may be hubris. There are a lot of variables we do not understand about ebola and government and scientific community needs to improve transparency in regards to this fact. I encourage everyone to look at scientific research papers regarding ebola, read as many sources as possible, and listen to what scientists much more knowledgeable than I say. Treat everything with skepticism but you should be able to eliminate any biases by looking in a lot of places. Use this to come to your own concussions and encourage others to do this as well.  




 Remember back when everyone was saying Ebola would **NEVER** spread to the US? After that happened it became there was absolutely **NO RISK** of it spreading to anyone from Mr. Duncan. The whole thought process was we're Americans, our healthcare system is vastly superior to any West African country. I don't think anyone can argue that this was not hubris. We can't keep up this overconfidence when up the risk of Ebola is real and saying that it probably will not spread is of absolutely no relevance. The fact remains it **can** spread and America response so far has only demonstrated a significant level of ineptitude and vulnerability when dealing with Ebola.

This is why you see the pattern in Africa that you don't, and very likely wont here in the US

This is **the exact same hubris** that has been parroted by the CDC and government for weeks. This arrogance directly resulted in the whole Dallas fiasco and the spectacular mishandling of patient zero on basically every single level possible. The first real evaluation of our healthcare system with regards to Ebola failed literally on every single level. From the initial misdiagnosis, to the negligent handling of potential biohazard, to the miscoordination of government agencies in the quarantine of possible contacts and now finally to improper protection of the hospital staff. I cannot name a single thing that went right. 

I'm sorry I don't mean to insult you or anything but I believe your way of looking at this situation is hubris plain and simple. It is actually hurting us in the long run through an inappropriate level of complacency and apathy to what is going on. As a scientist with a morbid fascination in Ebola, I have been following it since June and have taken the time to look at basically every related peer reviewed article and study. Look through my post history and you will find that I have been saying exactly what I am saying now over and over again starting the day after patient 0 diagnosis, when the negligent handling became apparent. 

Although I am not an epidemiologist but more of a geneticist, the genetic community in Atlanta is all intertwined and this obviously includes the geneticists from CDC. The head researcher in my lab is one of the foremost and knowledgeable experts in the world for genome sequencing and expression profiling. He was hired by the CDC in August to track the spread and mutations of this Ebola epidemic and is currently there 4/5 days a week. I do see him daily though as he stops by the lab after work almost everyday. With this view of the inner workings of the CDC, let me tell you there is a striking and disconcerting difference between the public image they project and the actual feelings of the employees there. 

I sincerely hope this post is enough to convince even a single person to take a deeper look this epidemic and realize the potential overreaction is by far preferable to under-reaction for this disease. Please do you own research and come to your own conclusions instead of just trusting what you are told. Obviously this includes the claims I am making right now. Nevertheless, if anyone who is not up to date on the current scientific "state of the union" if you will, with regards to Ebola has any questions feel free to ask. Although there are many much more knowledgeable than I am, I'll do my best. The point of this post is not fear mongering but encouraging a more proactive approach to this problem. I really tried to minimize that any fear mongering but it is always better to err on the side of caution so if my points come across like over exaggerations I apologize. 




 Can't believe they didn't mention movies. After going through the From Ashes demo, I'm convinced movies presented in a VR format similar to From Ashes would be amazing and incredible immersive. I think it has the potential to revolutionize the movie industry. I could see VR potentially replacing current 3D technology with theaters that are VR specific and instead of a single screen consist of a high powered and high resolution Oculus Rift at each seat or something like that. They would be optimized to minimize latency and maximize resolution for complete immersion. I would gladly pay an exorbitant amount of money to see a movie like that.

I've had some pretty bad motion sickness from AI for example but the way From Ashes is presented made me feel no discomfort whatsoever. That program is by far the best use of VR technology I have encountered yet. 

If you haven't tried it do yourself a favor and check it out. https://share.oculusvr.com/app/from-ashes 









 I can confirm I am having this same problem with RES4.5.1 and chrome Version 37.0.2062.124 m 




 http://i.imgur.com/XBOQdyw.jpg?1 




 Simplicity in abundance breeds complexity.  




 This is the obvious follow up. Just by the way these are some of my crazy ramblings from that other askreddit elevator thread a day or two ago that I feel like reposting.

You walk into an elevator with a couple people already there. To set the mood you begin with the whole awkward and cliche "I'm sure you're all wondering why I've gathered you here today" thing to them. Awkward silence and maybe a pity laugh ensues. This is just the beginning though.

While "You are my Sunshine" plays over your phone speakers, the seductive and sensual and ever so slow unbuttoning of that trendy and definitely not serial killer-esque trench coat begins. The most important thing to remember here is it you must maintain eye contact with each person for at least 4 seconds and move in sync with the music. If they look away assert your dominance by moving towards them so they have no choice but to be intimidated by your alphaness. 

Obviously you are not naked underneath your trench coat, that's what they expect that's tired and boring. Instead you are wearing a suit made up of fresh fish you caught from the river this morning. After catching each fish, you made a quick mental note of it's personality traits. The reason for this will soon be apparent but it is very important to be in tune with your fish friends. This should be obvious but I'll say it anyways, the fish are secured to that green morphsuit you are wearing underneath the trenchcoat and not directly to your skin. This is of course done with with Velcro for easy fish removal. Based on your fish personality assessment you choose the correct fish to give to each person based on looks and personality. The fish personality must be compatible with the personality of the recipient, this is vital. If they won't take this fish, don't be insulted you prepared for this. You pull out our duct tape and ensure that this person and their kindred fish spirit are bound securely. They will thank you later. Once the person-fish kindred spirits have all been united, you pull out that celebration hotdog you've been keeping for just this occasion. You look at each fish-person with a sense of satisfaction, knowing your duty has been done. In a single bite, you down the hotdog and as the energy in the room reaches it's apex, you hear the ding for your floor. In a single swift turn you leave the elevator and the stunned silence of your ever so cooperative audience is all the thanks you'll ever need. Another day, a couple more fish-human hybrid creatures are now on the prowl. The plan is succeeding. 




 You walk into an elevator with a couple people already there. To set the mood you begin with the whole awkward and cliche "I'm sure you're all wondering why I've gathered you here today" thing to them. Awkward silence and maybe a pity laugh ensues. This is just the beginning though.

While "You are my Sunshine" plays over your phone speakers, the seductive and sensual and ever so slow unbuttoning of that trendy and definitely not serial killer-esque trench coat begins. The most important thing to remember here is it you must maintain eye contact with each person for at least 4 seconds and move in sync with the music. If they look away assert your dominance by moving towards them so they have no choice but to be intimidated by your alphaness. 

Obviously you are not naked underneath your trench coat, that's what they expect that's tired and boring. Instead you are wearing a suit made up of fresh fish you caught from the river this morning. After catching each fish, you made a quick mental note of it's personality traits. The reason for this will soon be apparent but it is very important to be in tune with your fish friends. This should be obvious but I'll say it anyways, the fish are secured to that green morphsuit you are wearing underneath the trenchcoat and not directly to your skin. This is of course done with with Velcro for easy fish removal. Based on your fish personality assessment you choose the correct fish to give to each person based on looks and personality. The fish personality must be compatible with the personality of the recipient, this is vital. If they won't take this fish, don't be insulted you prepared for this. You pull out our duct tape and ensure that this person and their kindred fish spirit are bound securely. They will thank you later. Once the person-fish kindred spirits have all been united, you pull out that celebration hotdog you've been keeping for just this occasion. You look at each fish-person with a sense of satisfaction, knowing your duty has been done. In a single bite, you down the hotdog and as the energy in the room reaches it's apex, you hear the ding for your floor. In a single swift turn you leave the elevator and the stunned silence of your ever so cooperative audience is all the thanks you'll ever need. Another day, a couple more fish-human hybrid creatures are now on the prowl. The plan is succeeding. 




 He obviously meant Dawn's HAZMAT suit duh. He sure got her good she'll have no idea what hit her. This ain't no ordinary prank son its got them BSL4 levels of layers upon layers of prankage going on. 




 If it starts killing them they won't really have a choice. Up until that point if it even happens, yeah I'm sure they will be praising Allah for striking his wrath upon the heretics and their secular culture. A healthy dose of reality(actually a very unhealthy dose) for ISIS in the form of an ebola outbreak in their ranks would sure be interesting to watch them try to rationalize.  




 Lionel Hutz was in there though... I could never forget the great Phil Hartman. 




 Just part 1 of the saga of the Fishophile, a pretty sweet and powerful superhero just trying to reunite man with his long lost fish ancestors and claim his place rightful place as the savior and of man and fish alike. Coming this summer straight from the sea to your living room you'll be hooked from start to fin. 




 God forbid the people putting their life on the line for the sake of complete strangers' health would prefer not to die in one of the worst ways imaginable. While the rest of the world is too afraid to do much of  anything other than worry and watch with a morbid fascination as nations crumble these people are quite literally staring at the faces of a prolonged, painful and utterly unforgiving death. Every night I'm sure they worry about waking up tomorrow on the other side of the looking glass, slowly dying as this apathetic configuration of molecules builds up in their body and literally tears them apart with machine like indifference.

I can't think of a more noble cause. No matter your beliefs, whether your you're a Christian, an atheist, a Muslim or even a member of ISIS you can agree these people are motivated solely by compassion and empathy and complete selflessness. There's not many things the entire world can agree upon but I believe this is one thing that is objectively good no matter how you look at it. These people should have not only whatever they feel is necessary to protect themselves but also a fucking medal, a parade and international recognition and prestige. I like to think of myself of a good person but I could not ever willingly do what they are doing right now.  




 The world just isn't ready for a creature with the body of a man and the dashing good looks of a fish. 




 Without a doubt the worst simpsons circlejerk ever. I can rest assured you were on the internet within minutes registering your disgust throughout the world though. 














 You walk into an elevator with a couple people already there. To set the mood you begin with the whole awkward and cliche "I'm sure you're all wondering why I've gathered you here today" thing to them. Awkward silence and maybe a pity laugh ensues. This is just the beginning though.

While "You are my Sunshine" plays over your phone speakers, the seductive and sensual and ever so slow unbuttoning of that trendy and definitely not serial killer-esque trench coat begins. The most important thing to remember here is it you must maintain eye contact with each person for at least 4 seconds and move in sync with the music. If they look away assert your dominance by moving towards them so they have no choice but to be intimidated by your alphaness. 

Obviously you are not naked underneath your trench coat, that's what they expect that's tired and boring. Instead you are wearing a suit made up of fresh fish you caught from the river this morning. After catching each fish, you made a quick mental note of it's personality traits. The reason for this will soon be apparent but it is very important to be in tune with your fish friends. This should be obvious but I'll say it anyways, the fish are secured to that green morphsuit you are wearing underneath the trenchcoat and not directly to your skin. This is of course done with with Velcro for easy fish removal. Based on your fish personality assessment you choose the correct fish to give to each person based on looks and personality. The fish personality must be compatible with the personality of the recipient, this is vital. If they won't take this fish, don't be insulted you prepared for this. You pull out our duct tape and ensure that this person and their kindred fish spirit are bound securely. They will thank you later. Once the person-fish kindred spirits have all been united, you pull out that celebration hotdog you've been keeping for just this occasion. You look at each fish-person with a sense of satisfaction, knowing your duty has been done. In a single bite, you down the hotdog and as the energy in the room reaches it's apex, you hear the ding for your floor. In a single swift turn you leave the elevator and the stunned silence of your ever so cooperative audience is all the thanks you'll ever need. Another day, a couple more fish-human hybrid creatures are now on the prowl. The plan is succeeding. 




 Awww, $20!? I wanted a peanut!
$20 can buy many peanuts.
Explain how.
Money can be exchanged for goods and services.
Woo-hoo!

Some of my friends say it's wrong to eat meat
No, Timmy. That's just communist propaganda!

What are you going to do? Release the dogs? Or the bees? Or the dogs with bees in their mouths and when they open their mouths they shoot bees at you? 

Hello chief. Let's talk, why not? You have many questions, Mr, Sparkle. I send you premium - answer question, hundred percent!
I am disrespectful to dirt!! Can you see that I am serious!! Out of my way, all of you. This is no place for loafers! Join me or die! Can you do any less? 




 Hahah damn how could I forget that one? I'm embarrassed now don't judge me too harsh

Edit: 
Bake him away toys.

If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about.

Hmmm your ideas are intriguing to me and I'd like to subscribe to your newsletter.

Lisa in this house we obey the laws of THERMODYNAMICS. 




 Yep sounds right, unfortunately it's the same for me. I have a little background in genetics but my focus is on automated genome sequencing soI only try to ID coding regions and let those smarter people look at the bigger picture. Only experience I have with immunology is cell physiology and intro to biomaterials back in school so all this is pretty much outside of my comfort zone as well.

I do work closely with a geneticist who spends 75% of his time at the CDC here in Atlanta on genome sequencing for ebola and other infectious diseases who I'll shoot an email about this. I'm sure he probably has some insight. If you'd like I'll let you know what I find out.

Ebola is just so morbidly fascinating it's like watching a horrible car crash you can't peel your eyes away from.  




 Here ya go all the fun of a circle jerk in a single post!

Stupid sexy flanders. Nothing at all ^(Nothing at all) ^^Nothing ^^at ^^all ^^^Nothing ^^^at ^^^all

The goggles they do nothing.

"The aurora borealus?! At this time of the year?! In this part of the country?! Localized entirely within your kitchen?!" "...Yes" "Can I see it? No"

Well, if it isn't my old friend, Mr. McGreg, with a leg for an arm, and an arm for a leg

Everything's coming up Milhouse! 

My cat's breath smells like cat food

Uh, no you've got the wrong number. This is 9-1... 2

Hey, look at my feet. You like those moccasins? Look in your closet; there's a pair for you. Don't like them? Then neither do I! [throws them out the door] Get the hell outta here! Ever see a guy say good-bye to a shoe?

 Talking out of turn...that's a paddling. Looking out the window...that's a paddling. Staring at my sandals...that's a paddling. Paddling the school canoe...ooh, you better believe that's a paddling

Me fail English? That's unpossible. 

Well, he's kind of had it in for me ever since I accidently ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidently" with "repeatedly," and replace "dog" with "son."

Inflammable means flammable? What a country!

 This is a thousand monkeys working at a thousand typewriters. Soon they'll have written the greatest novel known to man. Let's see. It was the best of times, it was the "blurst" of times! You stupid monkey!

Well, crying isn't gonna bring him back, unless your tears smell like dog food. So you can either sit there crying and eating can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food to make your dog come back, or you can go out there and find your dog. 
 




 Is this it? http://jid.oxfordjournals.org/content/196/Supplement_2/S329.full

Haven't read through it yet but I plan too but it looks like what you are talking about.

Edit: I'm not sure if everyone has access to the full paper so here's a summary.

It took at look at SEBOV(ebola sudan) an the allelles assosiated with cytotoxic T lympocytes antigen-b and their role in fatal and non-fatal cases

Claims:

* Survival is likely dependent on the rapid development of an effective CTL response that limits the level of virus replication before it can overwhelm the body, as is evidenced by increased numbers of activated (HLA-DR+) CD8+ lymphocytes in patients with nonfatal cases
* Expression of the B\*07 allele, which is highly associated with survival, confers a phenotype that efficiently drives T cell activation and CTL epansion early in the SEBOV infection
* B\*67  and B\*15 allelles are highly associated with fatalities (e.g., B67 and B15) and  contribute to an inefficient or unresponsive phenotype 




 What I don't understand is wasn't there a doctor in that group of 4 people who entered the apartment? Typical Texas sheriff I can understand, but a doctor. This just goes to show that the CDC's preaching of direct contact with bodily fluids is a terrible method and leads to hubris causing this.

 Anything the CDC says regarding ebola transmission needs to be something that would make it into a a peer reviewed journal. There is no conclusive proof ebola cannot be transmitted via aerosolized particles. Take it from Charles L. Bailey, who was the head of the government response for the Reston outbreak

"We know for a fact that the virus occurs in sputum and no one has ever done a study [disproving that] coughing or sneezing is a viable means of transmitting, Unqualified assurances that Ebola is not spread through the air Bailey said are misleading."

Prior to this whole thing I always figured the government was competent
on the CDC end at least. They always seemed like this omnipotent entity ready to pop out those PPEs and and L4 biohazard stuff to handle ET at any time.  




 I honestly don't know what you said or what you want me to reply to. I addressed your concerns about the vaccines with questions of my own.

And I thought you knew something about life sciences. Many of these vaccines created from recombinant technology turn out not to work. **Some actually have the opposite effect**. The human body and the immune system are very complex systems.

So the opposite of the intended vaccine would be that it causes you get to get sick no? How is this not a harmful effect?

 There is no telling what a genetically modified organism will do until long and careful testing is done.

I mean yes you do have to make it through phase I and II clinical trials, but NHPs are pretty good models so we will have some idea prior to this. Secondly the VNV platform shows potential for use post-infection as a cure in addition to a vaccine. Finally we can(and have) used this in humans due to extenuating circumstances already with only minor side effects. What do you mean by long and careful testing? The normal regulatory pathways for vaccines, which the government is already helping to expedited for ebola vaccines?

But seriously what are you saying? Oh so there's a possibility this particular vaccine will turn out to be ineffective so fuck it lets not even try there's no hope? 

If you'd like to learn a little more here's a good paper regarding the VNV vaccine. Pretty recent too... 9/27
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0264410X14011517
 




 Yes and this is with what 8000 ebola infections? That number will increase 30 fold in the next few months. What happens if it makes it's way into the Indian slums or into poverty stricken parts of China? Ebola HAS(I guess slighly debatable due to semantics) and WILL continue to spread inside and sooner or later outside of Africa. It is not going to burn out, it is not going to just go away if we ignore it and it will be a problem for years to come. We don't understand it well enough to have this smug complacency that the reason it can spread in West Africa but can't in first world countries is solely due to economic and infrastructure inferiority and cultural differences. I predict we'll find out if this is in fact the case very soon.

I'm not saying there will be a global, society break down due to ebola but is one of the most, if not the most threatening diseases in terms global repercussions of our generation. Maybe I'm over reacting, maybe I'm over analyzing this and I hope I am but the fact remains the scientific community is still very much in the dark on many aspects of ebola. For example transmission potential, potential reservoirs, ex vivo viability, among many other important characteristics remain unknowns. Of course publicly Scientists would never say this but here in Atlanta, working on genome sequencing research with CDC staff who work on ebola sequencing and have an ebola understanding equal to anyone in the world is not as reassuring as you might think. Behind the scenes, experts have decided the best approach PR wise is a confident, definitive and relaxed demeanor regarding the threat of ebola. These scientists make bold, often misleading comments which would not make it into any peer reviewed article. 

If you ask ask a scientist during an interview if the disease is airborne they well emphatically say no, direct contact with bodily fluids only. Press them a little bit and they will say well yes, aerosolized particles produced while for example coughing or sneezing do have the possibility for infection. This is in an example of how the disconnect between scientific terminology and popular usage can be use to kind of intentionally misrepresent the situation. The general public considers transmission through sneezing,etc to to be airborne, while this does not fit the scientific definition of airborne transmission. Take it from Dr. Charles L. Bailey the virus researcher who supervised the government response to the Reston outbreak. "We know for a fact that the virus occurs in sputum and no one has ever done a study [disproving that] coughing or sneezing is a viable means of transmitting, Unqualified assurances that Ebola is not spread through the air are misleading."

Another example is asymptomatic transmission. Any expert will emphatically state there is NO chance of transmission before presenting symptoms. Press them a little farther and they will admit there is a 1-2 day "grey zone" where the virus does have a risk of transition but symptoms are not readily apparent. 

This blatant misrepresentations of the facts is not OK when dealing with a Class IV bio hazard outbreak. The government should NOT be coddling the public with definitive assertions when there is no conclusive evidence to substantiate this assertions. This causes complacency in both the general public and hospital staff. This disconnect and downplay of the serious situation may have led to Texas Presbyterian Hospital to dismissing that infamous patient with recent travel history in Liberia who was presenting flu like symptoms with only antibacterials. This hubris may have resulted in 4 government officials walking into that patient's apartment before it was disinfected with no PPE at all. This apartment was technically a level 4 biohazard area meaning personnel must enter and leave only through the clothing change and shower rooms, shower each time they leave the facility. Supplies and materials are brought in through double-doored autoclave, fumigation chamber, or airlock, which is appropriately decontaminated between each use. Of course this is kind of hard to set up in an apartment complex but there is a middle ground. If this Sheriff turns out to be ebola positive, which is unlikely I hope, these misrepresentations of the scientific facts may have cost that man his life.

If you actually read through all that dribble you probably need to reevaluate your life...Heute Westafrika, morgen die ganze Welt.  




 Granted my understanding of recombinant vaccines is by no means comprehensive but I do work on genetic sequencing algorithms and alignment pipelines so I feel somewhat comfortable discussing it. It seems that live attenuated VSV based vaccines show considerable promise.  Of course the lack of real clinical trials means much work has to be done but VSV efficacy in NHP models is reassuring. As far as I can tell, the risks of this specific vaccine based on NHP models and a compassion administration to an exposed researcher seem to be reasonably minimal. Although not conclusive with an n=1, a mere 12 hour fever post administration with no other health effects in the only human trial  combined with the lack of pre-existing VSV immunity and no mention of adverse short-term effects in NHP models point to this being a viable vector. The potential loss of protection after 6 months-1 year is not ideal either but this is infinitely better than nothing.

Why is there no telling what a genetically modified organism will do until long after careful testing is done? Can you provide any citations of long term health effects from recombinant vaccines? I don't mean to sound condescending, just am genuinely curious. I assume unwanted gene knockdown or immune system responses would be the cause of this?

The emergence of public awareness, concern and interest in Ebola recently means these experimental vaccines will and already are being fast tracked. West Africa will in all likelihood get very little of any of these newly developed vaccines when they arrive though, unless it's for clinical trials to prove efficacy. Ebola won't be contained there without a huge surge in levels of organized humanitarian action and international altruism on an unprecedented level. The world will be feeling the effects of this for years to come. 

That being said your tone is very condescending. As I see it you are basically saying reality is what I say it is, anyone who disagrees with my sensible and rational points should be dismissed because they just see me as a fear mongering racist. I have seen the exact opposite on this subreddit, with extremist and pessimistic opinions regularly topping the comments section. Tone down the smug almost insulting attitude a bit and maybe you won't be dismissed as a racist fear monger quite so much. 




 On Tuesday after the first US diagnosis: probably around a 5.

 Yesterday after hearing about the multiple mishaps by the hospital and CDC: 6

Today after hearing about the almost criminal negligence by the Dallas health department; power washing the parking lot with absolutely no protective gear, the fact potentially ebola ridden bedding and towels remained in the apartment and the fact that the family members had not been briefed about what to do: A 7 or 8 




 Here's my assessment of the situation:

Looking at flights from Monrovia to Brussels, if I want to travel ASAP I can get a flight for $1,280 on Monday Oct. 6. It looks like they have flights out every monday and friday according to http://www.brusselsairlines.com/en-be/destinations/liberia/monrovia.aspx

I was honestly expecting for it to be more like two weeks and I looked this up to try to prove he probably had booked the flight prior to exposure on the 15th. Now I can't discount it as a legitimate possibility that he booked the flight ASAP after that fateful taxi ride in Monrovia. My only qualm is why he would not be candid with the healthcare staff about believing to have ebola if he just wanted ZMapp. Why would he have been content with going home with just antibiotics on the 26th? My only answer is maybe when western doctors didn't think it was ebola, it was what he wanted to hear so badly he started to think his fears were unfounded. He desperately was hoping not to have ebola and this confirmation was enough to assuage his worries until the 28th when he couldn't ignore the truth any longer. I don't know but this all definitely raises some questions. 




 They need to quarantine every single one of the 80+ along with their close contacts as well. 500 people quarantined in their homes with posted guards ensuring they stay put and providing them with food etc. is a small price to pay to stop an outbreak of a diseases with has a 50% mortality rate. If for nothing else, do it for peace of mind even if the quarantine number is superfluous. The government needs to err on the side of caution rather than worrying about how this will look PR wise. It will look a lot worse in 21 days if this is not stopped.  




 Looking at flights from Monrovia to Brussels, if I want to travel ASAP I can get a flight for $1,280 on Monday Oct. 6. It looks like they have flights out every monday and friday according to http://www.brusselsairlines.com/en-be/destinations/liberia/monrovia.aspx

I was honestly expecting for it to be more like two weeks and I looked this up to try to prove he probably had booked the flight prior to exposure on the 15th. Now I can't discount it as a legitimate possibility that he booked the flight ASAP after that fateful taxi ride in Monrovia. My only qualm is why he would not be candid with the healthcare staff about believing to have ebola if he just wanted ZMapp. Why would he have been content with going home with just antibiotics on the 26th? My only answer is maybe when western doctors didn't think it was ebola, it was what he wanted to hear so badly he started to think his fears were unfounded. He desperately was hoping not to have ebola and this confirmation was enough to assuage his worries until the 28th when he couldn't ignore the truth any longer. I don't know but this all definitely raises some questions. 




 It's more a darker red to maroon although I'm sure those words mean nothing to you. 




 And the CDC knows exactly who these people are. 




 Basically they knew this could happen but short of stopping all flights from the infected areas there is no way to stop it from happening. On top of that, this isn't Africa patient isolation and contact tracing is much easier here so controlling the outbreak, which has proved effective in Nigeria and Senegal is easier as well. 




 According to the CDC, this person is not an American citizen, he wasn't traveling over there. He traveled to the US to visit family. 




 Only counts if its ebola poo 




 In this case it may help, it cannot hurt to take extra precautions to prevent the spread of ebola and if public opinion causes that to happen I'd say it's a good thing even if the actual risk to US residents is minimal. Although I'm not sure there is much more we can do here in the US at this time as all medical staff have already been briefed on ebola protocol. 




 Even if this is true, which I don't it is as I'm pretty sure the person was traveling over a week ago not within the past week, the CDC press conference made it absolutely clear there was no risk of transmission during the flight. 




 The individual was not showing symptoms on the flight. Ebola isn't transmittable until you show symptoms. The CDC representative was very clear during the press conference that there was no risk of transmission on the flight or in the airport. 




 What's the only thing happier than a 3 legged dog? A four legged dog. 




 Yeah I know right. I'm 24 and am just now confronting my mortality. Doesn't help considering about 3 hours ago I was in the hospital, sedated and undergoing an endoscopy among other things because of a possible ulcer. Luckily it was just the beginning stages of an ulcer and was caught very early but the whole ordeal was still a harsh reality check . 




 Yeah I'd warm her icy heart with a nice hot island fuck. 




 Damn that's scary stuff. Unbelievable that something like that can just happen to a healthy 22 year old. 




 Damn, wish I was still at my tedious system test job so I could listen to those all day. I was able to listen to pretty much every free one he has before I left for the summer but now I can't bring myself to podcasts cause at school I feel I should either be focusing on work or watching something. 




 What do you know about the cost effectiveness of switching to PEG? That would great reduce carcinogen production. 




 Currently, webm media doesn't expand using viewimages. As much of the webm media posted on reddit are basically gifs, it would make sense for those to be displayed along with images. Webm media with sound wouldn't fall under this category. 

A toggle option for this would be ideal as well.

Edit: damnit I just read the title, any mod want to remove "as well when"? The meaning isn't clear and I meant to edit it before submitting. 




 Oops I always make that mistake.  VG, EG and PG all sound exactly the same and I was debating which one it was while typing. Should have just looked it up. 




  The biggest problem in determining if ecigs are safe or not is that most tests on the chemicals used in the liquids are based upon consumption, not inhalation. I doubt that we will have a definitive answer about how to safe e-cigs really are for some time.

From what we know right now, vaporization of VG and PG(the solvents nictoine are dissolved in) produce 1 known carcinogen, formaldehyde and 2 potential ones,acetaldehyde and acrolein. The levels produces vary based on the voltages used in vaping. Most ecigs range from 3.2-4.8V and at 4.8V the level of formaldehyde produced is 200x greater than 3.2V and is comparable with formaldehyde produced in cigarettes.  A 3.2V the level of formaldehyde is 807 lower than that of cigarettes and at 4.0V it is 13x lower. The other 2 carcinogens vary in the same manner. I am not 100% the quantification of the carcinogen levels is on a per puff basis but I believe it is 

Another potential hazard is vaping produces particles 30 micros in diameter which the lung may have trouble expelling. But there is no conclusive evidence of that yet as far as I know.

[Source:](http://www.ecigarette-research.com/web/index.php/2013-04-07-09-50-07/2014/162-nyt-formald) and the peer reviewed articles I have read about the subject. I'm a biomedical engineer so I'm fairly scientifically literate on these things. 




 First of all, they could seriously fuck up Seoul before we could do anything about it. Second the population is seemingly extremely brainwashed. Many North Koreans would not respond well to being invaded by the country they've been taught is the evil enemy their entire lives. Third the huge out flux of refugees would cause problems for China and South Korea. South Korea has said they'd be willing to take in refugees but China sure as fuck would not want it. 









 Yeah I think you're right, didn't they include a message at the bottom of the page saying some results of your search have been redacted due to DMCA? Maybe I'm remember wrong but for a while there I thought you could just click the message to get the omitted results.

 I'm just surprised bing hasn't implemented a filter to completely get rid of all the leaked nudes in their search results. It wouldn't be that hard to do. 




 That's a good point. I wondering if microsoft will get threatened for having this come up on the first page of search jennifer lawrence fappening. Pretty similar issue.

http://imgur.com/Ws2x5VK 




 Complete bullshit as thumbnails are fair use.

Here's the precedent:
Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 They thing is will not and could NOT get sued because of this. They were not hosting any pictures except thumbnails and thumbnails have precedent of being consider fair use. No lawyer would ever consider taking that case to court. If they recieved DMCA threats it was a scare tactic and that's all. Their hypocrisy is is fucking maddening 
 
Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 I've posted this multiple times on this threat but thumbnails are fair use. You may have been threatened but it was a hollow threat that no lawyer would ever take to court. 
And thumbnails have precedent as fair use in multiple findings.

Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 And thumbnails have precedent as fair use in multiple findings. You may have been threatened with action but if you had a half competent lawyer or even searched google for 2 minutes you might have been able to find this.

Stop giving us bullshit and saying it's because of DMCA threats.

Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 Yeah but any non nudes still would have been fair game if this wasn't the precedent. 




 I'm sure she owns the copyright and any site hosting the image does need to take it down or be sued. A lot of people think the reason reddit got DMCA notices is because of the thumbnails. Reddit probably got threatened with a lawsuit but there has been multiple precedents set according the DMCA fair use and thumbnails. They would have never been taken to court.

Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 And thumbnails have precedent as fair use in multiple findings.

Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 Thumbnails have precedent as fair use in multiple scenarios already.


Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 According to some precedent set thumbnails fall under fair use.

The thumbnails thing sounds a little fishy to me.

Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 Here is what I found on thumbnails being considered fair use in multiple cases.

Fair use. A search engines practice of creating small reproductions (thumbnails) of images and placing them on its own website (known as inlining) did not undermine the potential market for the sale or licensing of those images. Important factors: The thumbnails were much smaller and of much poorer quality than the original photos and served to help the public access the images by indexing them. (Kelly v. Arriba-Soft, 336 F.3d. 811 (9th Cir. 2003).)


 
Fair use. It was a fair use, not an infringement, to reproduce Grateful Dead concert posters within a book. Important factors: The Second Circuit focused on the fact that the posters were reduced to thumbnail size and reproduced within the context of a timeline. (Bill Graham Archives v. Dorling Kindersley Ltd., 448 F.3d 605 (2d Cir. 2006).)


Fair use. A Google search engine infringed a subscription-only website (featuring nude models) by reproducing thumbnails. Important factors: The court of appeals aligned this case with Kelly v. Arriba-Soft (above), which also permitted thumbnails under fair use principles. (Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon. com, Inc., 508 F. 3d 1146 (9th Cir. 2007).)

[source](http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/cases/) 




 /r/thefappening was technically legal though. Linking to DMCA  content is allowed, hosting it is where it gets illegal. 




 That celebrities should get preferential treatment because they have more money and are better than average every day people? 




 This may be the greatest news I've ever heard. 




 I don't believe in god either but I'm sorry for how this asshole(benshiffler) is acting. I honestly believe if everyone lived their life according to the true message of the new testament the world would be a better place. It is people who corrupt this message and cherry pick what they want to believe when the real meaning is basically love everyone and be good to everyone no matter what. 

Obviously there are religious assholes but obviously there are also some overzealous atheist assholes as well, case in point benshiffler. In the end I don't really see any difference between the two a lot of people are selfish narrow-minded dicks on both sides of the equation. I just wanted to let you know not all of us no-believers are this way. 




 Yeah, November is a fake month make up by those crafty chickens so people kill more turkeys. 




 All that Perl coding must have gone to OP's head 




 I ate freebirds every single day when I worked there over the summer. Gained like 15 lbs but it was totally worth it those were some of the most delicious days of my life. After eating there 4+ days a week I still wasn't tired of it by the end, I think that's saying something. 




 So I go to Georgia Tech and had Dr. Potter as a professor last semester in neuroengineering fundamentals. I'm not exactly sure about how the neurons recognize the goal of flying the plane but I do remember him discussing something similar to this in class.  I want to say the neurons encounter negative feedback when the plane crashes and positive feedback while the plane is flying. So they "learn" how to avoid crashing keep flying but don't quote me on this. Really interesting stuff though he was the most passionate professor I have ever had! 




