 That is the BEST way to meet new people at shows! I had the same thing happen to me durong Wolfgang Gartners show here in Canada and I met a group of 4 really awesome guys and rahed with them for the entire night, now we go to a lot of events together! I hope the two of you are still raging g on together :) I love the story! 




 Epic pic haha! I love thay you introduced her to it and she ended up loving it, its so great when things work out perfectly like that :) im happy for you two, keep in keepin on :) 




 i was there and LOVED his set. No top 40 crap, lots of dirty house beats and he was a lot of fun to watch. So happy doing what he was doing. What did you think? 




 So happy to see best friends posted!! I think it's a really good idea to use a festival as your reason to meet up, that works perfectly and totally makes it worth traveling for both of you :) i hope you guys keep raging together, you look like you have a lot of fun and i love to see that! Don't lose that with each other. Peace and love dear! :) 




 very cute! love the collage and your outfit :) 




 congrats on the happy love story, that's a story book way to meet, but with a little rave in there ;) haha. You two are cute, and obviously comfortable together. Keep it up! Love and happiness :) 




 http://imgur.com/RXojNsE

I feel like we dont really SEE enough of eachother here! A huge part of why I rave is to get to know a completely diverse group of people in a different setting. Its like we all become the same for a night but so many people have completely different stories! So I encourage all of you to post a pic with you and your favourite rave partner, ive post one of myself and my boyfriend to get us started! You can post a friend, boyfriend/girlfriend, or even a family member if youvhappen to be that lucky!

I also think it would be great if you posted a little blurb on how you met eachother/started raving together and what has made them so significant to you :) it'll be a little bit like a show and tell about your personal rave story! Alright go! 




 i tried to give 3 levels of done up, the first one is like full going out kinda makeup, the second is none and the 3rd is just mascara and bronzer 




 the one of me without makeup? I dunno i don't take many pictures of myself i have like none of my body too. Not sure what to put up here 




 Wow! That is extremely well done!! I have no idea how you made it look a little different on each side but that's really really great! :) thank you so much you can barely tell it was photoshopped at all.

Edit: a word 









 He walked in eating a cheeseburger hahaha 




 Of course! But my boyfriend didnt take a picture in time 




 In Oshawa Ontario!  









