 hey how is billy crazy? 




 I think it's a pretty good game. Not groundbreaking, but certainly entertaining. 




 haha she knew she couldn't hit the high note so she didn't even try. still a good cover though 




 lol 




 "despite all my rage I am still just a-"

"pika?"

"CHUUUUUUUUUUUUUU" 




 after the cherry has been popped 




 lol 




 wait that's a good idea 




 because Geralt is the Master Chief, duh! 




 you forgot Tomb Raider. fuck i gotta fap again 




 By completing the game (almost) again.  




 If you have a really good PC that is powerful enough to handle it at high settings, PC. 




 lol 




 Great job, my Son. 




 Have a threesome with two beautiful women. 




 well I'm disappointed 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 I'm considering doing this. Is this a dumb idea? 




 I would play the original Tomb Raider (in this era of Tomb Raiders) first.  









 well maybe he bought those jeans at the end of a bulk. he might have been finishing up a cut. he was pretty lean 




 well my cousin didn't undress; I guess his jeans were kind of loose 




 haha it's $10 more to buy it pre-owned 




 whoa you have a lot of gamerscore  




 I love Halo, to to be honest I'm a little bit more excited for the new Tomb Raider. God she's hot. 




 Camilla Luddington was great in Californication. I'm glad she's the new Tomb Raider. Just the cover art alone caused me to stock up on cocoa butter.

Oh, and I'm completely aware that now that you guys know she was in Californication, you are all looking up "Camilla Luddington nude." 




 It appears that you are a Cardio Bunny who is attempting to find her Way by dabbling in strength training. This is great, my Daughter, that you are trying to make this Change. Please, my Daughter, do more strength training, so as to Attract my Sons, and frolic in the Garden. 




 maybe that's what she meant it as... 




 good. I bought boxer briefs. I was going to get a bunch of hot pink briefs, but I decided against it 




 yeah it's probably because he's super jacked. 




 yeah he's also really ripped.  




 I bought some Calvin Klein underwear recently because I noticed my cousin (who gets a lot of girls) wears Calvin Klein underwear. 









 if you're scheduling a suicide you're never going to do it 




 yeah I should have answered, "The one I'm listening to at the time." 




 He thought it was ridiculous that I was prescribed this, so he just took me off of it. 




 I love that song 




 well since it's in the third person I get to stare at her ass the whole time 









 yeah that's awesome 




 ... 




 mine is The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete 




 [I'll save you the trouble](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xh2efj_saturday-night-live-2006-natalie-portman-rap-hd_fun) 




 It's an SNL skit 




 "But what about the kids that look up to you? Do you have message for them?"

"All the kids looking up to me can suck my dick! 

It's Portman mutherfucker, drink til I'm sick 

Slit your throat, and pump nitrous down the hole 

Watch you laugh and cry, while I laugh you die 

And all the dudes, you know I'm talking to you 

We love you Natalie 

I want to fuck you too! 

'P' is for Portman 

'P' is for Pussy 

I'll kill your fuckin' dog for fun so don't push me " 




 Natalie or Camilla? 




 July 8 




 She looks a lot like Natalie Portman... 




 Have you done anything to stunt your growth? 




 Arkham Knight 




 Alright, good. She did an excellent job in the first. 




 Have you played 2 and 3? 




 I'm looking at the cover of the new Tomb Raider game right now. Will it have the same voice actress as its predecessor? 




 Alright, then Dead or Alive 5. I loved DoA 2-4, but this game signaled the death of the franchise. 




 I'm doing absolutely nothing. 




 Billy does look rather [feminine](http://lh3.ggpht.com/_UDIwZAxomYk/S7RIbdEtGCI/AAAAAAAAAdA/mkREkyYG9LA/36-billy-corgan-01.jpg) lol 




 I'll assume you're talking about Xbox One games as this is the Xbox One sub (I also have a 360). 

Sunset Overdrive. It's a very good game, but not as good as the others I own (Arkham Knight, Witcher 3, Halo MCC, Shadow of Mordor and Wolfenstein), causing it to be the worst. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-viEnhbV56E

Actually two scenes, but they are very symmetrical.  




 He's not just smashing pumpkins...

lol jk Billy's cool 




 I say, "I'm going to listen to MCIS right now," but then I see Adore and lose my willpower. I can't say no to that record.

I honestly never get tired of it. Pretty much all I listen to is Adore on repeat. 









 haha it came with my console... 




 "because I can't stop listening to Smashing Pumpkins... I need help..." 




 yeah, but I discovered the SP fairly recently 




 yep of course. sexism. sexism. sexism. everything is sexist now.  




 What, am I supposed to be repulsed by pretty girls, lol 









 He had beautiful hair. 




 I fucking love Adore. I'll definitely get that 7-disc set. 




 his cheekbones are nowhere near as high as mine 




 I'm into pretty girls 




 I have really high cheekbones, so does this make me ber cute? 




 yeah that's a really good song 









 I also like Boston Terriers but that's it 




 ok pugs are not ugly, in fact I think any dog that is not a pug or a bulldog (I like both French and English) is ugly 




 pugs are very cute dogs, so it's more likely about a cute person  




 He obviously likes plays on words, and some lyrics I mishear, but completely fit the song. I think it would be pretty cool if he sings his music so it can be heard different ways. 




 It obviously has nothing to do with pug dogs, so why is it called "Pug"? 




 bye bye $150 




 nice. thanks 




 But then we need 50 coins... and 50 more. 50... 50. 




 Harvey Dent, can we trust him? 




 Eva Mendes in The Place Beyond the Pines

EDIT: Wait, are you asking about an ACTOR who is commonly known as bad, or a PERFORMANCE that is commonly known as bad? I don't think anyone thinks Eva Mendes did a bad job in this movie... 




 lmfao 




 fook 




 I want to listen to the album Adore by Smashing Pumpkins while I am  playing Arkham Knight.  




 Adore by Smashing Pumpkins is a good album. It has a lot of sad music. 




 Does he get a lot of screen time? 




 Well I would also need a therapist if I had to wear those tattoos. 




 Is it worth watching just for his performance? 




 go fuck yourself  




 Whenever I'm out in public I make a complete idiot of myself by playing a character I created (like Sacha Baron Cohen but I'm not making a movie). 




 I watch The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 Fuck that. I had to do that to treat catatonia, and it really fucks up your memory. Please don't encourage that shit by being a patient. 




 I really liked his performance in The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 It sounds like it won't disappoint me, so I'll buy it. 




 If you had to choose, which film do you prefer?  




 Why didn't you like it? Not that I don't respect your opinion, but this kind of feels like someone saying they don't like the novel The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  




 I just got done re-watching The Place Beyond the Pines (my favorite film). Will Blue Valentine (same director and writer) disappoint me? 




 She obviously was suicidal, but that doesn't necessarily mean she attempted/succeeded. I think it's a good idea to message her family to see what's going on. 




 I beat the game on death march, and what you need to do is put on quen, use fast attacks, and dodge. 




 no he just loves the books 




 [she also used to be the bassist for the Smashing Pumpkins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IDz8DLMWOM) 




 oh nice that you mentioned smashing pumpkins, billy corgan has such a sexy voice no homo 




 wait, it's done? 




 fuck, it looks like I need to bulk up lol 




 if that's a mens small I'll happily buy it from you 




 on death march, right?  




 I would listen to that song. 









 This publication would have been more relevant if you answered the question. 




 Not trying to be a smartass, but there is no title track as the album is not called "Ava Adore." Billy said the title is actually a play on words, as "Adore" sounds like "A door," as he knew it was a huge departure from the original sound, so it is "a door" opening for the band.  




 Some people like me love it, others think it's complete shit. Yeah, it's a departure from the previous albums, but it's still a great album. 




 I don't understand the logic of getting rid of the albums you really liked just because the artist put out an album you didn't like. 




 "Today" by the Smashing Pumpkins is a good pick me up. 









 C'mon, Adore is great. 




 mine is Adore 




 I listen to the album "Adore" by the Smashing Pumpkins. 




 Well I'm going for it. I'll sing along to it while making eye contact. It's fucking cruel and unusual to not blow me if I do that. 




 yeah so can you answer 




 Seriously, dude? You can at least answer my question. 




 definitely a nish nish 




 Billy Corgan is famous for his usage of Sexy Voice (no homo). Who else has been gifted with Sexy Voice?

In all seriousness, I'm just looking for singers who have a voice similar to Billy Corgan's. Thanks. 




 lolwhut 




 indeed 




 I can't really say I love stew, lol 




 what is with you and stew, dude? 




 I got that, but this question is fucking weird. 

To answer the question, I don't "dip," but if I did, buffalo meat would probably be a good replacement for bread. 




 the tip of my dick

but seriously, what the fuck kind of a question is this? 




 lolwhut 




