 The fact that he *kept her from a phone* is the most telling. If it was truly "rape play" there would be no need to keep her from a phone. In fact if he took her phone from her it's pretty obvious he knew he was passing the line from rape fantasy into actual rape. 




 he kept her from leaving so there's that 




 This probably wasn't the first time he's done this, he has probably preyed upon women in the past in a similar fashion and will continue to do so until stopped. At least imo 




 most rape victims tend to have a guilt complex. media tends to have a "she was asking for it" by dressing that way, drinking, being alone with men, etc mentality and at some point it's self-internalized. I would strongly recomend counseling for op's friend because most rape victims will suffer from guilt for years, which can lead to depression, acting out, drug abuse, promiscuity, etc. 




 As someone who has had rape fantasies, and someone who has actually been raped, I would just like to add that the fantasy of rape is completely different from actual rape.  This could have easily have happened to me and I feel for your friend.  Obviously she trusted this guy to NOT go overboard and he took advantage of her.  Even in a bdsm type scenario, there would be safewords and someone experienced would be able to tell true distress signals from "oh no please don't (stop)".  There would probably even be check ins from time to time to make sure your friend was ok and that continuing was alright. As someone who was raped, it is sometimes triggered during sex (even vanilla sex) for the strangest of reasons. Yes I like being fucked in the ass and choked but if I start crying or not being all there, I'm not in a great state of mind and a loving partner would realize that and comfort me/stop. This is obviously not a loving partner but a predator who needs to realize what he did was wrong. 




 Um, no if I go meet someone I met online it does not mean they can keep me a prisoner, for three days or for the rest of my life. 




 I am assuming that someone can testify to the fact that she was in fact, missing for three days 




 Yes they were having consentual sex. However, she did NOT consent to being slapped in the face by a cock. I still believe that is something you discuss beforehand. As a person with kinks, I am a big supporter of knowing your partner's limits beforehand. 
Would I get upset over being slapped in the face with a cock? NO
if I had *previously agreed to doing so*. 




 I wish, then I could sit around on my ass all day. 




 I agree, If that's his fetish  and he HAS to have that kind of stuff to get off, and she doesn't agree to participate in it, it's probably better that they both find someone else. Otherwise years down the road he's probably going to resent her 




 It's unreasonable for him to expect you to do that stuff when it is a turn-off to you. 




 awww, what a cutie 




 roflmao grossss 




 but him being *physically abusive* to her is ok?

Everyone has limits. It's smart to find those out ahead of time. 




 next time ask first 




 this is the greatest thing ever 




 aw man does it have pictures? 




 fuck yeah. 




 DAMN, already expired 




 My maternal grandmother died of breast cancer. It was 20 years ago. Thankfully, today it's NOT a death sentence like it was back then.
Anyway just wanted to add, your SO rocks. Keep fighting the good fight! 




 "I wanted to buy the 28 inflatable dinosaur to put in my backyard, reasoning that it would keep the squirrels and birds off of my pool screen,"


You so should have bought it 




 I tend to be upfront about it. If you're into it cool, if not well it's probably not going to work out. lol 




 as a matter of fact I do. I clean up people's shit everyday.  




 I used to be when I was little but as I grew up I decided it was the way I am and I couldn't change and having guilt over it was just making me more depressed. 




 Maybe I'm old school, but whatever happened to old school peaceful protests? 




 And who has to clean up all  that glass? The goddamned workers the protest is supposed to be for/helping.

 




 Yea we have trash cans but apparently that's too much work 




 very sorry but if she's suffering, it's for the best. also she's had a really long life, I hope my cat lives that long  




 As someone who CANNOT have babies this would piss me off to no end 




 ROFL 




 Well there was the time the scumbags left baby diapers all over storage stinking up the whole place. I also had to pick up POOP off the floor. ugh 




 the cherry blossom hair stuff, does it smell awesome?? 




 damn I shoulda got this 




 ALSO it gets to the point where I just want them to rip my ovaries out, baby or no baby, because I can no longer tolerate the constant pain 




 I have pcos and tons of lower back/ovary pain. I had a laparoscopy and they lazered out some of the cysts. I was pain free for about a month before the pain came back. Currently popping pain pills like candy and laying in bed because walking hurts :( 




 why would you expect a CLOTHING store to have a swiffer? wtf? 




 I didn't think they even sold windows 7 anymore? 




 She was more traumatized than I was. I felt so awful :( 




 used to be? 




 I have the same type of fetishes. (Female)
It's nothing to be ashamed of, you just need to find someone who has the same kinks as you and set ground rules
(safewords, safe, sane and consentual) 




 That's not something to be ashamed of, it means you have a heart. 




 We had Sphynxes so we tried to keep them warm in winter.
Of course they would just burrow under blankets in a heat pile anyway 




 We used to make cat sweaters out of old sweatshirt sleeves. Oddly enough they liked them better than the expensive ass cute ones from the pet store 




 We had sphynx cats and we'd give them sweaters in the winter but they still hated them 




 If they are hairless cats, it is to keep them warm.
Otherwise because humans are silly 




 but he's ok I think 




 urinary blockage 




 We finally got one of the upside down two liter bottle $11 water feeders. But they really love the fountain :( 




 normally the cat fountains get gross and slimy and we just throw them out. but at $40 each they are too damn expensive. Why can't they just make them easier to clean? 




 oh god, I'm worried now. What about the food was causing it?
I had a cat with constipation and was worried it was the cheap cat food we were buying 




 without the needle obviously, lol 

 




 oh no, glad he's ok. I had a cat with the opposite problem, she was constipated and couldn't poo. Vet told us to feed her vaseline and it worked like a charm. Trust me you haven't lived until you've tried giving your cat a makeshift enema with a syringe. 




 both 




 hope he's better! 




 jade green nail polish? ooo pretty 




 I didn't want to be the first asshole to say it lol
TY 




 Man you are lucky. My tits are always the first thing to go when I lose weight. 




 For some reason I was imagining it at the reception. 




 haha he's gorgeous, and obviously very spoiled 




 We had a child abuser down the street when I was growing up. The wife and kids would run down the road screaming without shoes on. My mother took them in our house and called the police multiple times. They refused to do anything about it.
It was in rural WV and it was really horrible :( 




 buy a major brand then dumbass lady. 




 Almost 30, still get pimples.
Also customers have no business talking about employees and their physical appearance. 




 Well in my experience sleeping with the fan on dries my sinuses up really bad. I think it makes the air really dry? Like to the point where I need a damn humidifier. 




 meat and guns!!! 




 there's also a 25 lb gummy bear. I want one, now that I know it exists 




 thank god I'm not the only one rationalizing buying it to my SO 




 noooo the sour patch kids are the best.
watermelons are good too 




 ice cream or chocolate 




 I drove an hour each way every day to work. It sucks but it's not impossible. 




  A new manager came in, and first called me a "spic"

Now THAT you can take to HR!!! 




 should have transferred :( 




 I get this all the time. People tell me to smile and cheer up. Um you try working this job and smiling all the time.
Plus when I put on a fake smile I look psycho like I'm about to chop someone to pieces. 




 hadn't heard about that one, thanks! 




 I'm so sorry :( 




 Have you tried anti-depressants? 




 Yea it is too rough for faces. 




 some dude managed to sneak in after we closed today at work. our coworkers left after 5 while we stayed to do the deposit. the assholes unlocked the door and suprise suprise some guy comes strolling in, oblivious to the fact that it's 20 minutes after 5 when we close and the lights are all off. 




 lol that's adorable 




 haha I tried to cancel like a day after I signed up but they said they wouldn't send the free box.
SO cancel AFTER the free box ships lol
I have to wait until may 8 and THEN cancel 




 every time I call julep I get put on hold for like 2 hours 




 Wellll I have a job but on my day off I like to catch up on internet stuff/reddit, make soap, clean house, and wash laundry. 




 I am a former self-mutilator. You don't know HOW many times people just assumed I was sexually molested. I wasn't. I wasn't "repressing" it, it flat out did not happen.
 




 dr drew is a moron 




 NO. NOOOO 




 bah I would have maced the shit out of the guy 




 I get them on my inner thigh/pubic/ass region.
Not fun 




 lucky!! 




 they were offering a free box. I don't know if that offer is still valid.

http://imgur.com/1ikPQeB 




 Because getting out of bed in the morning is hard enough 




 Nooooooooo! 




 Omg you are lucky you weren't all killed.  Please do not leave your kids unsupervised with that man. 




 meh you have to have a combined total of over $7,000 in their bank at all times in order to avoid the monthly fee.  




 it's not the bartender's job to be a babysitter.... 




 "You don't even pay them anything to hold your money"

uh actually I do.
Wells fargo charges me a $13 monthly fee.

They can also eat my asshole. 




 so... what's next, shutting down the bank account of anyone who has ever *rented* a porn? 




 this one's my favorite :) 




 how does the bartender know he was going to go drive drunk? 




 Does it ever leak? I have a diaphragm so I assume it's the same basic concept. I thought the diaphragm might be giving me a yeast infection so I stopped using it. I think it was the spermicide I was using with it that gave me problems though.

haha just a quick edit to say I was washing it every time I used it,
I'm not gross. lol 




 From what I saw it looked really fun and cute. Plus the jewelry looked nice. I also liked that they had handmade bath goods, candles, etc. 




 Nah, I couldn't find it :(
Ended up just emailing them 




 Take the dog to an emergency vet asap 




 Ahh! Good to know. I hate the add on items it seems like everything I want to buy is add on lol 




 is that the one with all the cute necklaces and stuff?
 




 I was wondering specifically about the unbleached tampons. I used to get really bad yeast infections and the organic tampons seemed to help a lot.  I can only find them at whole foods and they're like $12 a box. So paying an extra $8 to not have to make a 10-20 mile trip is worth it to me, not including chocolate and tea, etc.
I will look at amazon for those however. It just seems like everything I need is a damned add-on only item. 




