 Go on then mate, you have a go.  




 Fray Bentos 




 My bus journey to work was 1 hour so I always had the best naps before and after work. I remember waking up one time with dribble hanging out my mouth and a big wet patch on my t-shirt and the old lady next to me just staring like I was the filthiest pig she'd ever seen. 

Also I jerked awake and kick the chair in front and cut my shin.  




 Or stab their tongue with a rusty screwdriver, BLEYOW!!!! 









 The match tracker in the bottom right-hand corner knew he'd scored before the ball went in.  




 I think my friend had this. He would often poo in strange places like round the back of the bike sheds and in a cow field and that, and he liked showing off his arsehole with cheeks spread.  




 That's the assumption I worked on 




 I used to work in a busy store and once overheard some coworkers saying that they hate it when I fart next to them when they're with a customer and walk away. 

Also my friends' impression of me involves a lot of pointing but I had no clue that I did that.  




 Are you talking to Phil Neville? 









 He knew he was getting a blowie from his missus that night 




 No nets is the worst 




 Dude from my village reckons he knocked out a horse with one punch 




 The USA are only one of the G8 




 Right that's it ban this guy 




 There's 11 on a team though. 




 Cool, thanks for the info. It's interesting that he's the pillar of Bayern's back line, I like a no-nonsense CB that doesn't push forward.  




 This is a bit cheeky, I don't watch the Bundesliga so can anyone some up for me: his role at Bayern, what he does well defensively, and what he does during the attacking phase. Please and thanks. 




 A slug is as evolved as we are 




 Chiellini would sky that. 




 Not 90's at all but she is a bit black 




 Found it: Jessica Mauboy 




 This song was the hold music when I was on the phone yesterday. Sang by a female, it had a 90's feel to it, like TLC or something. It sounded like a black girl, all up and down. 

Google doesn't return anything with those lyrics apart from Macy Gray and some rap songs. It's driving me crazy. 

Please help me! 




 nah
 




 Choosing not to watch a film because you're too lazy to rewind it. 




 Bazzing round the village on your bikes going, "who else can we call for?"
 




 Hot Britney leaked over into the 2000's with 'Toxic'. 




 I remember going to my friends house to play Mario Party and being blown away that he had a computer in his room and being so impressed that he could go on the internet and be on the phone at the same time. 




 Why does the credit card company do this? 




 Got it, cheers! 




 Please what's the answer, I can't imagine how to even begin working this out. 




 You need to get out more 









 You've got dough 









 got it, cheers  




 This is it! Thank you! 

Can I mark it solved on mobile? 




