 Jemena 




 I always remember her from Twins Peaks...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rjJ51N7qZY 




 Swingers launched the careers of:

Vince Vaughn
Doug Liman 
Heather Graham
Jon Favreau
Ron Livingston

Not all a-listers but still impressive for low budget  




 THANK you sir, God damnit!  




 I spent twenty minutes on the phone trying to find someone to report it to. All the companies tell me it isn't their problem or put me on hold. 

Surely, there is a government number to report it to?

EDIT: Found the right company who said they'd come fix it (and did). There needs to be one number to call that is easy to find online. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hou0lU8WMgo 









 F*** off, traitor  




 That's a trick called the sponge ding dong. It's thirty years old and, in the magic community, it's short hand for a douchey or hacky magician. 

It's the dad joke of magic. 




 That was what it was supposed to feel like. Part of the genesis for the book was the author trying to capture what it would be like for a video game character to exist in the real world.  




 The last one he had completely forgotten who I was and launched into his sales script. 




 I spoke to them previous and spoke to John again this morning who said I shouldn't receive emails because I'm not on their list!  




 done that too! 




 Over and over.

I rang his boss, the ray white head office and him!

 




 I've started doing that 




 I've done that sadly. 




 Thanks, although I'm not sure that would help. It might make look petty. (which I am...) 




 I had dealings with Ray White about 18 months ago. It wasn't a pleasant experience and I would recommend them.

Since then, a man named Jason Voglis from the agency has not stopped calling me and emailing me with sales calls and spam. 

I tried calling his boss AND Ray White head office but nothing much seems to happen. 

EDIT: Had a call from his boss today saying I should have been taken off the list and that he couldn't explain what was going on. I rattled off everything you guys had mentioned below. He seem a bit rattled. Hopefully that's it. 

EDIT 2: Nope. Wasn't it. Still got more emails.

Any thoughts how I can stop this guy?  




 Someone needs to stop being a perspective tool 




 With a lot of music, the words themselves don't require literal meaning. Instead it's how they *sound* that gives the song meaning or emotion.

A lot of hip hop is best compared to nonsense verse like Edward Lear and Lewis Carroll or even the experimental works of James Joyce. "

All mimsy were the borogoves / and the mome raths outgrabe." in Jabberwocky doesn't make a lot of sense but sounds great just like "scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap" doesn't mean a damn thing when Ghostface Killah raps it.

In hop hop, the focus is often on the rhythm and lyricism of the words, not what they are saying. I would imagine the trend comes from freestyle rap where in order to keep up with the beat, the rapper drops in nonsense words or words that make no sense in that context.

TL;DR - "The sound of the words is more important than the meaning" said the whitest man ever.



 









 And yet, I still found myself worried.  




 Christ that's rapey. I found myself fearing for her safety. 




 Attending cocktail parties and corporate events as a special guest/speaker. 

 




 There is a place near the Royal Institute that does it. 

I can't remember the name but they do great banh mi too. 




 I'd like to keep the whole outfit under 2k. (shirts, suit, shoes, etc.) 




 I'm looking to get a suit made and would like something striking and original.

So far the only place I can find I like is Oscar Hunt. 

http://www.oscarhunt.com.au/

EDIT: Went and had a look at Oscar Hunt this afternoon.

http://t.co/zIitQa87gT 




 That's exactly the type of clothing I'd love to be able to pull off. Thanks!

I think you've hit the nail on the head in pointing out I am an entertainer.  




 I know! Just awful. 

There is currently a trend towards plain suits in magic. Trouble is, it makes them all look like bankers   lawyers and, in the eyes of bookers, interchangeable.

Also, while I am a magician, I specialise in a very specific area of magic and would like to stand out. 

 




 1. Write hot and edit cold. 

2. Get feedback from people who's opinions matters and talents are proven.

3. Stay away from /writing and similar communities when you need advice. We don't know shit. We're just here to fuel our own egos and avoid actually writing.  




 I work as a comedian/magician who talks about con artists and scams. My clothing never looks quite right and I'd love some advice. 

I usually wear a flat cap when I work but that is about it. Most of the time I'm performing a social events (dinners, parties etc.)

I'd love a plaid three piece suit but not sure of colours/style etc. to suit my body.

You can see what I look like and what I do here: www.conman.com.au

I'm a big guy with broad cheast and shoulders and a bit of a gut. 

I like the look these guys have: http://www.davidandleeman.com/

Thanks in advance!  




 Oh, sorry. Yes 




 Nope, that's Britt Marling http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1779870/ 




 It's meant to be part of a costume right? 
 




 I'm very tired and read that as "IRA Glass is pretty much transparent to microwaves..." 




 Just be to clear, I'm NOT saying it isn't. But, if it is, it is a very good one. 




 I'm reasonably certain that is an LED light rather than a camera. ANZ have pretty good security on their ATM's and the card slot does not look doctored. 

However, as others have said, you should report it if you're worried. 

Source: This is my bag. www.conman.com.au  









 Sorry, no deal. I only watch TV shows via the media of gif.
 









 http://imgur.com/nifljW8 




 http://imgur.com/nifljW8 




 Is it just me or is everyone on reddit in a shitty relationship? 









 It is pretty much the entire plot of the film 




 Of course, the big difference is that OP probably has WAY more bacon in his life than women...
 




 Oh! It's an eye! I thought it was lips!  




 In Soderbergh's case it was a political statement as much as anything else.  









 It's a rights issue. Simon   Schuster have the Australian and New Zealand rights to publish Chasing The Ace which means they can't actually sell it outside this country.

 




 Here's the kindle version. http://www.amazon.com.au/Chasing-Ace-Nicholas-J-Johnson-ebook/dp/B00J69Y3EK

It's also on itunes. 









 yes 




 I got to see Sixth Sense not only not knowing the twist but also not knowing that boy saw dead people. There is nothing supernatural in the film up until that point. Amazing moment. 

 




 We were nominated for the Golden Gibbo so there is a vaguely ape theme there... 




 http://media.tumblr.com/556af73e8483b4210314d9c027050884/tumblr_inline_mkvce5N2KO1qz4rgp.gif 









 The fact the titular character is dead inside. it's from a poem:

http://allpoetry.com/The-Hollow-Men 




 There is no fog in Langoliers. 

It could be Terminal Invasion: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0322008/ 




 Because she's given D2: The Mighty Ducks an F? 

That movie is a C- at worst! 




 I know google crawls these sites now if you have the correct settings.

Is there a way to check your SEO? I keep getting errors for the standard sites. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPBvMJ6PCXI 




 I'm blown away that there are designers who work exclusively in Wix.  




 Perhaps you're right. So many people I meet think they're bullet proof when it comes to hustles.  




 Nah, because I'm not evil. :)

I've worked on a few televisions where I've gone undercover scamming members of the public. By the end of a filming day, I'd feel terrible for all the people we'd hustled. 




 A basic six page site with a blog. 

 




 I do con artist magic: Card cheating, shell game, three card monte. You can check out my stuff here: www.conman.com.au.

David Blaine is less interesting today because now we have so many people just like him. However, so many of those performers owe him and Paul Zenon (the man who introduced street magic to the UK) a debt.

Not a fan of Criss Angel. He uses camera tricks and stooges. I prefer guys like David Kwong and Justin Flom. Check out Wizard Wars. By buddy Rick created it.

Penn and Teller and amazing. The Amazing Jonathan also. I am none of them. I have Jonathan's beard, Penn's physique and teller's hairline.





 




 Thanks, that was brilliant. 

I struggle to find quality designers for my sites. The last great site I had was eight years ago and that company was bought out my a larger operation and their prices increased by 500%. Now, i'm stuck trying to find a good designer who can help me with what I want.

I feel like the only choices I have is to pay $2000-$3000 for a site that isn't what I want or $9 per month for a site that isn't amazing but that I can, at the very least, fiddle with until it limps into usable. 

It's a problem that others in my industry face with many designer their own sites. The two guys I know with great sites by great developers got mates rates from a friend. 




 




 You're...a grandma? 




 Not even sister act 2?!!?!? Now I don't know what to believe  




 All good!   




 For me...

The Best: Magicians
The Worst: Now You See Me 




 And makes no sense! 




 Are you new to human interaction? This kind of jackanapery in reddit has being downvoted since forever... 




 Aren't they on html5 now? 




 What about the templates are unprofessional? As a non-designer, I can see sites I do and don't like but I'm not sure what makes them unprofessional.

I have several people in my market with wix sites on the front page of google who've done only basic SEO. I've done a little reading on Ajax crawling and it seems to get the job done.

I've seen terribly designed wordpress sites, many using templates, made by amateurs out of their depth who just don't understand WP's complexities. 

What about a WP site helps non-designers make their own sites easier than wix?






 




 Wix seems to get a lot of hate here. As a non-designer, I struggle to nail people down on EXACTLY what is bad about the site.

For me, the big downside is that anyone can make their own site, which means people who don't know design end up with a dull template OR a design of their own that stinks.

It puts web design in the hands of people who have no business designing sites.

However, if a user has a keen eye for design and doesn't need to complex a site, what is the problem with using Wix?

EDIT: I think I have a better understanding now of the problems a designers have with. Broadly speaking, I see a lot of parallels between this issue and publishing/self-publishing. A lot of publishers get very annoyed with self-published books. The quality is low, they are packed full of mistakes and they price traditional publishers out of the business. However, publishers have had to learn to suck it up and learn to live in a DIY world. Perhaps web designers will too.





 




 This is not a place to offer nuanced arguments. 




 That movie offends me as a magician and a writer.

Truly terrible. 




 Wow! That one is brutal.
 




 It feels a little at odds with my idea of American liberty that the government, particularly the military, would try to tell people how they can and can not honour the flag.



 




 Really? Is that a law? Or just an American custom? 

(Australian here)

 




 Here's some of his early inventions...

http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--1yWrMUDM--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/symr4p4rzykz4lytsyjd.jpg 




 To be honest, I find the corporate mascot saluting more unfortunate. 




 Thanks. Will look into it.  




 I'm looking for recommendations. It's one of those industries that is full of fly by nighters. 




 You sure about that? You want some Irishman to steal her away? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljPFZrRD3J8 




 I'm looking for someone in Sydney who can come and record a show I'm doing at a conference in November. 

It would be a two camera shoot for 30 minutes. 

Any suggestions? 




 Thanks, I've changed the Legend page and removed the tape as well as some of those low res pics. Eventually, I'd like a video on the opening page.

 




 It *IS* a show not a school :) 









 I'd consider using less text. I drifted off a little. 

Polyamory Resources at the bottom of the page takes up two lines, throwing the design off.

 




 http://info39438.wix.com/the-bad-science-show

(be gentle :) ) 




 me. i hooked it's tail over a branch.  




 Surprisingly dark and moving in places as well. I actually felt for Satan in the end.  




 Has to be Peter Cook in Bedazzled. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8tA1wH3cck list=PLP5nk95ALSXhH3QDFGuetWHpy7xopSTDi 




 [BRAINDEAD/DEADALIVE](http://www.vhsretrostyle.com/uploads/2/4/9/1/24919653/s259562341305326572_p670_i1_w250.jpeg) always got me. 




 
http://time.com/63299/no-salary-no-benefits-no-sleep-this-is-the-worlds-toughest-job/ 




 Looks great! 

 




 I read it as a kid and it scared the hell out of me. One of the stories describes the joker cracking someone's head open like a watermelon. The image stayed with me for years. 




 You know who'd say something like that don't you? 




 We have our own Brooklyn too.  




 I figured out the the big difference between Australian and American coffee, aside from the style, was the strength. Often, I'd dismiss coffee as being bad when, in reality, it was just week. 

My favourite coffee experience of the trip was at service station half way between LA and Vegas where they had 10 different pots of coffee on the boil, twelve different syrups, six different types of "milk", four types of sweetener and a selection of whipped creams, sprinkles, chocolate etc. 

It summed up the American experience for me. It's a country founded on choice, where they'd rather have a thousand terrible choices than two or three good ones. 




 It was OK. Not great but we told him we loved it.  




 Australians have a rep for being picky (i.e. assholes) when it comes to coffee. 

While I was in New York I tried to find the best coffee place I could. Some hipsters recommended this little hole in the wall near Chelsea Market. Just a counter, a coffee machine and beans. 

The Barista was a massive douche to every single person in line. Soup Nazi levels. 

When we got to the front of the line and he heard our accents his face went white.

"You Australians?"
"Yep."
"From Melbourne?"
"Uh-huh"
"Ok...well...I'll do my best OK?"


 




 Good that stuff is the bane of my existance. So expensive and so many people instagraming pictures of it. 

 




 I never realised the idea of being able to get good food AND good coffee in the same place was a 'melbourne thing'

 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXSUKNCNCMo 









 DIRECT LINK: http://www.memorymakesus.org.au/live-authors/melbourne/#tabs-3 




 Brilliant! Thank you!  




 Cool! Except, that wasn't my story.

You need to click LIES.


 




 In Australia, the screw top has become more popular than the cork. 

Less taint (*snigger*)  and oxidation.  




 No. 




 Thanks 









 Would have been funnier if you hadn't spoilt the ending in the title :( 




 Peter Rosenthal

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9d09JLBVRc 




 ITT: surprisingly nuanced discussions of equality and race 




  vaguely unsatisfying theories

 




 So far, it's mostly been old school stuff.

EDIT: She's still a baby but loves bouncing around to NWA, Public Enemy and that Rhymefest cover of Build Me Up. 

EDIT 2: Since I posted this last week she has become obsessed with No Scrubs by TLC. She claps and giggles every time it comes on. This saddens me a little but I have to respect her life choices. 




 Of course, there are several vaguely unsatisfying theories about how he escaped.

1) Few pantries can be locked from the outside. There is a handle on the door. He could have simply let himself out.

2) The axe. We never see where the axe came from. Perhaps he found it in the room.

3) He never escaped. He froze to death in the unheated room and the chase through the maze was his crazed mind created a reason for the lowering temperature.

4) Danny let him out and he knew the maze well enough to get in and out, leaving Jack stuck in the middle. He wanted to kill Jack.



  




 When the ghost lets Jack out of the freezer.  




 I like how OP respects his friend's privacy by not naming the metal band but is more than happy to post a pic of his newborn baby. 




 To the observatory!  









 The sequel got funded by kickstarter.

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/barelysarcasm/yeti-a-gay-love-story-2-life-on-the-streets 




 Maybe they do it on purpose for the free publicity.

 




 God yes.  




