




 The art alone is reason enough to get it. I wasn't too crazy about the game myself, but it's impossible for Studio Ghibli to NOT leave you awed. So do it.
Plus, it's like Pokemon. So yeah. 




 Maybe try "Boys over Flowers" or "Fated to Love You." I recommend the second more so than the first because it is funnier :-P. 




 Have a go at Korean dramas. Highly addicting, and great if you have a quirky sense of humor. Bonus: Every episode is an hour. 




 You know most of your problems, and you know how to fix them. Get your shit together and do something about it. If you're on the road a lot, pack your own healthy meals ahead of time. Work out. And about the social thing? You are being too analytical and need to cut back because you can't go through life judging people. Good luck, man. 




 Sounds like he has a social disorder. 




 However, computers can cause a lot of loneliness problems. 




 Literature teaches analytic, reading, and writing skills which are necessary to function completely within a society. We are able to learn about our ancestors through literature, and manuscripts centuries old do not only tell popular folktales during the time it was written but it also tells a greater story- of culture, entertainment, and how people lived during that time which otherwise we would not know of now. People, and history, are preserved through literature.  




 Answer: yes, moving back home is worth it. Moving back home sounds like a solid plan to me for a variety of reasons. First, living at home will give you piece of mind because not only will you be in a city/town you actually like, but family is great to turn to for a social outlet which will release stress and provide you with company outside of a working environment. Even financially, this will give you a break as I am sure you won't be spending as much during your stay with your parents than when you were on your own (no groceries, rent, etc. fees). It will also offer you more time to find yourself in familiar places you probably found yourself as a teenager. In regards to employment, there is no reason for you to be earning minimum wage due to your degree and experience. Look for entry-level jobs for your major and maybe jobs outside this realm as well. There are places you can work which can provide a decent pay (say, post office employee) far greater than minimum wage. If you truly believe you cannot find a job with your current experience I suggest looking into internships, volunteer programs, or research assistantships. Each of these will provide (if not a cash compensation for your time) an opportunity to network and develop your skills. Many are part time, and those that are full time may lead to a full-time job.. These are very rewarding experiences that may fulfill your expectations in the future in regards to your desired salary. Do whatever works best with your schedule while you receive help. I hope everything works out for you in the end.  




 It is difficult to specify how much money would kill off a majority of my life problems. I'll guess with about $30-40,000 and back this up with a brief explanation of my life problems. First off, my dad just recently had a massive stroke with the additional complication of phenomena. With a three week stay at the hospital and additional weeks of care at a rehab facility (plus getting a tracheotomy), I am sure we are at a loss in terms of money. It doesn't help he will be unable to return to his job. The additional money received would help him to stay at our house -that is, if he can even live there- in comfort for a while. Second, I will be graduating college with about 15k in debt. So, that aside:15-20 thousand would let my dad live in the comfort he deserves for a while.. My dad's happiness means a lot to me, and I know he would be able to rest if some of his money issues were solved.  




 SO that's where all of Mexico's money is going.. 




