 I overthink my responses. You summed it up for me well. I "vote with [my] dollar." Thanks for understanding. 




 I am not. I dislike Papa John's after he criticized the Affordable Healthcare Act and said he had to pass on the costs to the customer. I understand he's running a business and I wouldn't mind paying the additional (I think it was) 10 cents, but it was his attitude. It's unfortunate because he has some decent pizza. But that's me. I hope everyone here can understand that I speak with my money. I don't mind helping someone out, but I'm going to do with the best intentions possible and not feed into a money-hungry asshole (again, my opinion). 




 I've requested pizza before, so now it's time to give back. All I ask of the user who receives the gift is to please pass it on when possible. I want to this to become the "Pay It Forward" of pizza, but I'd prefer not to die at the end please. And if that spoils the movie for you, watch it anyway. 

SO, in order to receive said pizza, please post a link to the song that plays at the end of "Pay It Forward" (before credits). Please have the title of the song and the name of the artist/s. First one to do so, wins.

I will be providing a gift card to the winner via Pizza Hut or Dominos (Sorry, I do not support Papa John's; hope that's understandable). Good luck and have fun! Try not to cry so hard when you watch/listen to the song.

Edit: WINNER, WINNER; Chicken dinner. u/Askanner won because he linked the song with both the title AND artist first. Having some technical difficulties as this is my first time gifting. I feel horrid because I may have done something wrong when purchasing the egiftcard. But I promise, I will make this happen! 




 It is higher. I'm just saying that it can equally affect someone of a heterosexual identity as harshly.  




 I'd disagree as there were two teenage boys who killed themselves back in 2012-2013 merely for being accused of possibly being gay. 




 Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Spoilers below!

Season 1: MOTW, very awkward effects, odd stories, but interesting ending that has Buffy accepting her destiny as the "Chosen One". Best episode - "Prophecy Girl" (Buffy vs The Master!)

Season 2: Embracing the "demons are metaphors for your real-life problems" motif by making Angel become the "abusive, asshole boyfriend" WITH SWORDS! Best episode - "Becoming Part 1   2" (Slayer vs Angel, YAAAAAS!)

Season 3: New Slayer Faith teaches Buffy that she can do whatever she wants because SUPER STRENGTH, but that makes her morally wrong. Also, germophobic Mayor turns into an overgrown slug/snake thing. Eeek! Favorite Episode - "Graduation Day 1   2" (Slayer vs Slayer, gasp!) AND "Gingerbread" (Witches! Oh my!)

Season 4: The weakest in my opinion. Buffy goes to college and meets Frankenstein and the government-funded tactical team that made him. Best episode - "Hush" (Creepiest monster in the entire series plus great use of miming in an episode!)

Season 5: Pretty much the best in my opinion. Buffy suddenly has a little sister that wasn't around for 4 seasons. Sounds ridiculous right? Well, there also happens to be a God that puts the Slayer in her place a few times. Willow becomes a bad ass witch! Favorite line in the entire series: "Glory. You're not the brightest god in the heavens, are you?" You may ask why this is my favorite season since it sounds so ridiculous; this season wraps up a huge amount of foreshadowing, plus it was the most adult Buffy ever had to be thanks to Dawn (her sister). While Dawn almost adds that whole Cousin Oliver complex, she brings a dynamic to the show that was lost after Buffy graduated Sunnydale High. Plus, Glory is an AMAZING villain for the series. Best episodes - (there's a few) "Buffy vs Dracula" (I said it, DRACULA!), "Family" (Tara is a Scooby!), "Checkpoint" (Buffy takes on The Watcher's Council and learns Glory is a God), "The Body" (Buffy's mommy dies, *sad face*), "Spiral" (Buffy does everything in her power to protect Dawn, but even that's not enough), and "The Gift" (Buffy takes on Glory and sacrifices herself to save the day).

Season 6: Buffy goes dark. Lots of adult themes here - rape; infidelity; addiction; murder; breaking up; theft; etc. A lot of people judge this season for going so extreme. Buffy needed it after the year she had in Season 5. It was basically the only time she got to do what she wanted, but there are consequences. Best Episode - (Again, a few) "Once More with Feeling" (THE MUSICAL! Such a good episode); "Normal Again" (This entire show might be a dream!?); Not so much "Seeing Red" except the ending but more "Villains" (Dark Willow, FUCK YEAH!) and "Two to Go" (More Dark Willow goodness). 

Last but not least, Season 7: Buffy goes maternal. Kinda. This basically ties up the loose ends. It brings back villains from the past thanks to an interesting main villain along with its henchman. We dive into topics the other seasons haven't grappled with such as identity. Plus, we get the mini-Slayers! Best Episode - "Lessons" (a great throwback episode in my opinion to the early days); "Beneath You" (Spike has a soul!?); "Same Time, Same Place" (Willow deals with being the Big Bad from last season); "Him" (such an old-fashioned funny Buffy episode; "Showtime" (Buffy vs Primordial Vampire!?; "Potential" (Is Dawn a Slayer!?); "Get It Done" (How the First Slayer was made); "Dirty Girls" (Faith returns!); "Touched" (Spike gives Buffy a HUGE pep talk); and "Chosen" (Buffy and Faith aren't the only Slayers anymore).  




 The past week and a half has been depressing to say the least. My roommates moved out on me, leaving me with $760/mo rental agreement that still has 9 months. I have a week to gather funds for rent this Friday. Further, my landlord lost my dog and he's nowhere to be found after countless days of searching, going door to door, and posting fliers. My internet is out, no furniture except my bed, and I have no friends nor family to turn to. Lastly, the $40 I had for groceries this week has gone missing. Feeling very bitter and alone. Something to eat for the next two to three days would be appreciated beyond words. Sorry for another sad-sack story. It just so happens to be my story.  




 I've firsthand seen them go outside their subreddit/s to harass people. So you're wrong. 




 Will there be voice work? 




 Then you're not reading through all the comments unfortunately. 




 I want comment that people have constantly tore Ginger down throughout this competition because she's playing the game. People attack her for being a big girl, as if that's something new. Big people's weight is the first thing to be used against them, but it isn't new nor creative. But last night, Violet's [BACK ROLLS](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ZbyH-tiiCdc/UwJAMLosBJI/AAAAAAAAL8g/OUVQsJFjB_M/s1600/backrolls1.gif) looked worse than anything Ginger has ever shown us and I'm including her b-acne. Yet NO ONE has said a thing about it because God forbid we tarnish Violet's reputation as the "winner" around here. There's some T for ya. 




 I'm 27. I currently live with my 19 year old niece and her fiance, and I find this incredibly sad. I can't even be grownup enough to keep a job, work for my degree, or keep my car running to allow myself a chance at living on my own. Instead, I have to live with my niece, and this is her first time living outside of her parents' house. I work now, but it's part-time. My vehicle is making strange noises. Meanwhile, I have no friends nearby to do anything. I usually am broke or too scared to go out and meet people. Plus, nobody is interested in me dating-wise. I'm gay and overweight, which is a huge no-no in both society and the gay community. There are guys interested in me but I am too intense, usually act desperate. I'm thinking of killing myself. I probably won't, most likely won't, but I'm so tired from the stress and worry and feeling worthless.  




 The question of what? That Present Bobby isn't gay? The only evidence that he's straight is his relationships. It's funny people say his lack of long term relationships doesn't mean he's gay, yet when the writers state that his homosexuality is a precursor to his failed relationships... That's just poor writing.  




 Yes. I can see this as a reverse "outting", BUT we obviously see how things end up since Present Bobby lives a life of not knowing.  




 That's completely true. Unfortunately, this isn't the case. 




