 Couldn't agree more. Its like Cormack McCarthy and SK had a literary love child 




 Who's a sad American now? This guy. 




 Worst part about moving from New Hampshire to Maine. I still don't know how much anything costs or how much I get paid. 




 Harry Potter would be pretty cool 




 Upvote for the giants glass.  




 I just got got this sweet mini-disc player! Nah man, forget your new iPod crap, this is going to be big! 




 I have to be honest, as a "gun nut" I am shocked that this is just now a thing in Texas. It is like this in New Hampshire, the 'Live Free or Die' state; as it should be. Someone who physically, emotionally, or otherwise abuses anyone, let alone a partner or family member clearly is not responsible enough to keep and maintain a firearm. That person needs help. While it is difficult to say whether they have less of a right to defend themselves I have to say, in these instances yes, they do have less of a right. They lost that right when they abused an individual. 




 You'll have a much easier time with cats than a dog. Like everyone said, just ask. This should go without saying, but, if your emailing: proofread, use complete sentences, and be professional. That goes a long way. Our current place was no pets but they allowed our dog based on an email. Our landlord said it was an indicator of being a respectful person an renter 




 This American Life did an awesome episode with something very similar but in Freedom NH. Look it up and give it a listen if you need some inspiration.  




 I don't dislike all books that have religion. Like I said, I find theology fascinating and extremely fertile ground for excellent stories. What I dislike is authors who treat religion as "I believe this. This is the truth" rather than "I believe this; what do you think". 




 I guess what I am trying to say with the 'ideals' comment is that I would like the freedom to interpret a story for a meaning that I can resonate with. I am a huge Stephen King fan; in a lot of his books he has religious undertones, etc but he uses them in a way, that while possibly representative of his beliefs, they are open to interpretation and are non-alienating. What I dislike is authors who treat religion as "I believe this. This is the truth" rather than "I believe this; what do you think".  




 What gets to me is when the book  is used as a vehicle to propel an individuals ideals. The Shack for example was a great concept for an excellent novel, but was essentially a sermon. While I am an agnostic (I admittedly lean towards atheism) I respect and support all religious beliefs and will continue to do so until there is empiracle evidence one way or the other, and will always respect an individuals believes regardless of their validity. I find theology fascinating and see a huge amount of potential in it as a tool or topic. I become turned off when the story feels cheapened because the author writes it to talk about his religion. Those are typically books I'd avoid, but that's difficult in instances like The Shack. 

As an aside I do become agitated with false logic. As a scientist I have the obligation to remain open minded to all possibilities but also an obligation to laws of nature and logical reasoning. There is a book titled something like 'Why science can't disprove god' which sets out to say god must be real because science can't prove otherwise. That's wrong on several levels - primarily in that the burden of proof lie with the accusor (If you say something is real you must provide the evidence; I.e Bigfoot) and that **science is not an enemy or religion**. We simply cannot test it so we move on and concern ourselves with things we can. 




 That's exactly where I was going with the religious thing. 




 What things can you just not get through the moment it is brought up. For me it is religion; it just kills a book dead in the water. For some reasons I have an easier time believing and accepting in Westeros and Hogwarts. Prime examples are The Shack (Young?) and Cronins The Passage (Incredible book; what saved it was him leaving it open to interpretation rather than saying God is real).

So what kills an otherwise good book for you? 




 Excellent post. I will say, however, it feels very much the heart and soul of Numenera... Check it out if you haven't yet.  




 Whoa, what do you think you're doing? Only Garth and I get to make Wayne's World references! 




 This studio we recorded in had this clock that would play Westminster Chimes (you know the tune if you hear it) ever hour. We heard it so often that our drummer would subconsciously pick up a guitar and start playing it at random. It was a pretty good laugh 




 YouTube - I have been listening to Audio Books at work for the last year (Got tired of exhausting podcast archives). I have almost always found what I was looking for on YouTube.  




 Be careful of letting people over hype it - I hated Avatar because I was expecting something magnificent and earth shattering, not just a better, blue Pocahontas. That being said, I didn't read it until I was 23 and it kicked my ass. I typically love dark books (Cormac McCarthy, Stephen King, etc) but HP series managed to keep me enthralled through all 8 books; took me through the entire emotional spectrum; AND delivered to my tastes for the bleak. The continuity is air tight as well. Great series.  




 Over production. I had to stop listening to Stephen Kings 'Insomnia' because of the music that would play intermittently OVER the reader. Admittedly it was a pretty cool lead but too distracting.  




