 Yea from all the comments i figured SMS and email are much better, will definitely use them :) 




 you can do video streaming with the Skype shield in the 1Sheeld app.

http://1sheeld.com/shields/skype-shield/ 




 Haha I don't have a baby i just built the system. 




 I just used it for the sake of using Twitter you know, you're right notifications and email would wor better. 




  Twitter is free, while most SMS services are at least nominally pay.
 

Yea you're right, I could use the notification, e-mail or SMS. They are all included in the 1Sheeld app. 




 Actually I'm using the phone for that, I use the phone as a gateway to Twitter through the Twitter shield in 1Sheeld. 




 Thanks! You can find all the details in the instructable :) 









 Yea the point is to leave a cheap smart phone inside the car, and this phone acts as a GPS, Accelerometer and GSM shield so you can talk to it and receive messages as well. 




 This one is the easiest, you use 1Sheeld that connects to an old phone, the Arduino is connected to the master fuse so you can send it a message to stop remotely.
With the GPS and accelerometer in the phone, it sends you a text message with the location of the car.
http://www.instructables.com/id/Tracking-and-Controlling-your-car-remotely-using-A/ 




 Where is the US link? 




 Nice! So what do you think of this tutorial videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nf6lpsOrkI 




 Cool thanks for the advice! We'll get a new explainer video done 




 Yea it's for $55 but it has 36 shields and gets me access to stuff like voice recognition and text to speech in an easy way, check this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P35hSIyYltM 




 Well you are not writing the function itself as it's included n the library, and the good thing here is you don't get any tokens since you login from your smart phone. 




 Yea the beauty about it is that you access 36 shields on the phone itself, including voice recognition, text to speech, facebook, phone calls, video calls ... etc. 




 Yea the meaning here is this one line: 

Twitter.tweet("Plant is thirsty!"); 




