 I came here thinking someone has to have it. We must get our hands on that video! 




 I don't play anymore but personally I always liked the 2D graphics beyond the stuttering. I always wished there was a way to make a higher resolution 2D version. I never liked the 3D version.  




 Definitely miss some good ol' mage dueling. Not sure about the #1 spot blah blah but did I miss something. Once he survived your cycling and got back to full health, how come you both stopped and walled up again?  




 Is this the Walmart at near Lynnhaven Mall? It also sort of looks like a Walmart I've seen in Elizabeth City. That's all I got. 




 Sold my gaming PC and not planning to build another one for atleast another year or so but I'm just as excited as most PC owners because I can't wait to watch hours upon hours of videos of all the impressive work modders will do with V.  




 Sold my gaming PC and not planning to build another one for atleast another year or so but I'm just as excited as most PC owners because I can't wait to watch hours upon hours of videos of all the impressive work modders will do with V.  




 Sold my gaming PC and not planning to build another one for atleast another year or so but I'm just as excited as most PC owners because I can't wait to watch hours upon hours of videos of all the impressive work modders will do with V.  




 I enjoy PC gaming and spent over $2,000 for my gaming desktop. I sold my desktop because I rarely use it. I like the fact that all my required work is on my MacBook Pro for work. I would 100% be one of the people purchasing an external graphics card solution so I could just switch to Windows and game and switch back for work.  




 Same. I'm annoyed at the cost of the Sonnett Echo Express III, I want to do this with my MacBook Pro 




 thanks! 




 Is there a forum or place to join a keeper league. I have a league with some friends but my last three years but I've wanted to do a keeper league similar to franchise building with a large amount of keepers for position players. 

I would prefer head-to-head total points but that's not really a must for me. 




 Hey how much would you charge for some raw footage? I live in Virginia Beach but this would be really cool for some of my condominium listings. 




 Dwa dwa, I win. 




 I need a boat... 




 Submit an offer is greyed out until I make an agreement with the player. I accidentally put my game on vacation mode at the very beginning and the CPU signed many players for much less then what they demanded. 

It's annoying because if I ask for a response and it's low they raise the demanding price. Just out of curiosity I kept asking for a response and a player demanding 2 million got up to 12 million dollars. I simmed ahead 2 weeks and tried to resign him and he was still asking for 12 million even though he was only demanding 2.

Thank you
 




 Edit: Whoaaaa, I was not expecting gold for such a stupid comment but thank you!! 




 Yurp 




 Very frustrating but I ended up pulling up OOTP on finder and was able to delete it from there. I went back to the App Store and redownloaded the game. Surprisingly (or maybe not if you're more advanced in Mac's/Safe Files/etc) my saved games were still present. 




 Figured it out, but thank you! 




 First off I know this is my fault. I know I'm an idiot, and I know I'm not worthy. Ok now that I have made my peace this is what I did last night. 

I own OOTP, purchased VIA APP STORE on my macbook pro. I downloaded patch #6 from the official forums. I did not read the disclaimer not to do this. I downloaded and added to my apps. Now I can't delete the game from my apps list and it thinks I'm using a demo version of the game. Please help 




 Ultima Online  




 My girlfriend met her 2 years ago at UVA, she visited and did a little Q A. The gf said she was awesome. Then I found 5 dollars, the end. 




 Jim Carrey - Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
 




 Are you on Xbox One? I need a buddy to team up with. 




 Well atleast you still have access to the *good parts*
 




 I read this as all three of y'all were in a sleeping bag, but you were down in the bottom, she asked if you and your girlfriend were doing anything and received a muffled murmur and then she got involved and you guys fucked roughly for 2 weeks. 

I like.  




 Video of BassemMasri phone being stolen.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWkTAqmJUwc app=desktop

 




 Someone just stole BassamMasri (popular streaming video tonight) camera just now.  




 United States STAND UP WIT US, favorite comment of the night. 




 Destroying cop cars and public property is evidently peaceful protest.  




  I feel like the reporters in this room did not listen to a word this man said in his incredibly detailed account of the shooting...actions that led up to it...the evidence the grand jury saw...testimony of witnesses and so on...they are just asking "why are you a bad man" type questions over and over 




