 Well the formation of a galaxy doesn't necessarily have to occur at the same time as hydrogen and helium combustion. I guess is there any science out there saying a galaxy is isolated among other galaxies because it's attracted to the central mass of that black hole?  














 thus the whole flaw of irrationality 
 




 Ok. Let me apologize. The Soviets certainly attempted to be communist (which is my whole argument), the USSR was temporarily socialist, and ultimately ended up as state capitalists. 
And about the deaths? The USSR resulted in 56-62 million unnatural deaths. 34-49 linked to Stalin: 
http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789
Forced labor camps? Purge Victims? Execution? Prison? 
http://www.gendercide.org/case_stalin.html
This "cleanse" was at the forefront at Stalin's attempt to follow at marxist communist society. I'm not arguing about the USSR and what exactly it's economic system was; that's a long tedious debate. I'm curious as to why individuals think the solution to political reform (in America for the most part) is the result of an entire new economic system. 
 




 "works in theory" is based off of the assumption that we are all rational agents to some degree (with some flexibility), and we all will follow the social contract, etc.; however, it seems nearly impossible to have a theory work in reality if it doesn't include irrationally; thus the need for a societal cleanse in the past.  




 Do you think political reform can simply take place by eradicating the previous system. I feel as most people have this idea of promoting the ideologies of pre-established models that will work in theory (especially communism), but have thus failed in history. There seems to be this hope that a perfect model will ultimately lead to this idealist, utilitarian, eugenic society that is thought to answer all of the world problems? Social and political reform is revolutionary, but in need of a massive paradigm shift in-order to get people on board. Especially in the discussion of communism I find there to be a very hopeful belief of egalitarianism, but most individuals have failed to remember the fast transition (ex. Bolsheviks to Soviets) which obliterated millions of people in order to cleanse the fabric of society. 
 




