 I'll be sure to check it out, thanks for the info! 









 I am 23 and my parents still do not fail to go out of their way and say Santa needs our Christmas list instead of just telling us they will get it themselves. They use Santa whenever the topic is brought up.  




 So as for the self-starting portion, because I seem to find this a problem with starting positions in the work industry as a whole, will you actually know your daily tasks that you must carry out without direct instructions? Or are you supposed to jump right into a task based on your own instinct? I guess it depends on the supervisor, like you said there are some good and bad ones.  




 I try and limit myself to that first shot after dinner. That second one always calls my name.  




 Shit, that was honestly the first thing that came to my mind  




 Discrimination against filing cabinets and their orientation is so sad to see.  




 This isn't a shower thought it's an opinion. Yes, Christians believe that they are solely responsible for the death of Jesus Christ without ever even have being around at the time. But that doesn't make them responsible now if he were to appear, that thought is beyond comprehension. There would be no Christianity without Christ. So it doesn't make sense to begin with. Second, people judging based off of skin color, if you've ever been to Israel most Israelis are a white skin tone or a middle eastern mix which resembles a Caucasian. Everyone else is a tourist. It's an uneducated guess, like most stabs at religion. The only reason why it got so much popularity is because 90% of users seem to lean towards an atheist bias. 




 I, /u/train_subject8250, accept that I am, as a Purple, superior to all other colors because of my Button-granted right. In addition, I accept the Hierarchy of Purple and swear that my ultimate goal is to allow The Timer to reach Zero.

Through all means, prove supremacy. Hail the Violet Hand.

I have been a 60s since the first day or so of The Button's arrival. I was lost and unknowing of my place for a long, long time. I am happy to finally find somewhere that accepts me for who I am. I am ready to serve and open to guidance. Hail the Violet Hand. 




 That's a great way of looking at it, I've never thought about it that way. Thank you! 









