 Ate too much chocolate  




 But Hitler was vegetarian 




 You'd think so, but nah, they're fairly sturdy.  




 My guess would be that physiologically, its the same reason.  Safety in numbers and all that, knowing is safe to fall asleep because someone is 'keeping watch'.  




 Its really not true,  Australia has dangerous animals but so does the rest of the world,  I've lived here my whole life, in a rural town, and have seen very very few dangerous animals.  But I spent a week in Alaska once and saw numerous moose and some bears, I feared for my life there on a few occasions.  




 notice Rogers cleanliness 









 Lyssavirus is pretty rare, but you're partner should have seen a doctor asap just in case.   




 Yeah,  the last heat wave did kill a few hundred but that's out of a few thousand so there numbers weren't really affected  




 What kind of bats? I believe there's been a steady rise in the number of flying foxes, they're breeding up in the botanic gardens and surrounding areas with plenty of food available. But I'm not sure about the other kinds of bats, been hearing a lot of them at night though.   









 It is pretty socially acceptable for men to have casual sex, sometimes even expected. 

The women in the picture are (probably) wanting to 'reclaim' the word slut, and the actions associated with it,  to say its OK
 want and have casual sex,  as often or rarely as you like, as men are allowed to do.  

There aren't words that are the equivalent of slut for men,  but women have plenty used to insult and degrade them.  




 Its not about promoting any particular lifestyle, but saying that women shouldn't be treated poorly or judged for their choices, particularly when men act similarly and no one cares.   




 We have this is Australia, online and over the phone schooling. I homeschooled part of highschool, but I would go into the nearest school to be supervised for tests. 
The curriculum was the same for regular schooling.  




 Its a huge source of nutrients and vitamins beneficial for post-birth recovery.  many animals eat the placenta, I watched pet guinea pigs do it once, but its not generally socially acceptable for humans to do it. 

I guess its technically cannibalism, but no one was killed for it and it would be destroyed as medical waste otherwise.  




 Oh of course,  very important.  




 And this is just one country,  there are entire nations that will be completely underwater.  




 

On a related logic: why does human kind have to evolve in one specific region of the world, and then migrate to the rest of it?

It doesnt 'have to' but all the evidence we have suggests that it did.  Like most other life forms,  there are kangaroos in Europe and there aren't bears in Australia. Different regions create different things, its going to be pretty unlikely that the exact same animal will evolve in two separate locations.  




 I've lived 26 years in this time zone and its never caused me any inconvenience. 

But if it we do change it forward or back half an hour I would be fine with that.  

What are peoples reasons for wanting change? 
 




 And avocados trees take a long time to produce fruit, 5+ years from seed.  




 Nah, they're wallaroos, commonly shot for food along with reds and western and eastern greys.  




 Its a female, the bald patch is her pouch opening.  




 Neat flacid shamrock.... sure 




 It would be great if they could standardise that,  its super annoying 




 Kind of gross, but they're beautiful pictures. 

My cousin used hair as a medium for a uni art project, but she included pubes and hairs from strangers so it kind of really put me off the idea of hair in art.  




 I believe that the placement of the brake and accelerator is the same in both left and right hand drives to avoid confusion and potential accidents by people who may drive both.   




 I have no advice, but I'll cry for you.  Hope you get it sorted 




 These are all so adorable!  




 So its still ok to abort before the heart starts beating?  




 Doing thinks is challenging  




 That's so cute 




 And dogs are innocent, they aren't responsible for the situation they are in,  they didn't invent cars.  




 Told my parents I hated them,  too many times. I was an angry child 




 Aww :) 

But how did it get in there? 




 Vest? Tank top? I don't know what else they're called. Top usually made of cotton with thin straps worn under clothing for extra warmth.  




 Well the alternative to a medically necessary c-section can be death  of the baby and mother, so it's maybe not easy but definitely preferable.  




 When my sister was 3ish she refused to wear a singlet and told our mum "you be the little girl and wear the singlet"  




 I think our looks and languages will grow more similar but still have regional differences.  




 My sister was born. Hur hur hur 




 Uhm... what is a dimbit? 




 I want one 




 My friend was once outdoors pooping, a dog came up behind her and stole the poop before it hit the ground 




 Suddenly 40 and back in high school. 

I woke up on the verge of tears.  




 We don't have free speech here,  there are a lot of restrictions on what we can say publically. Any thing that is highly offensive, derogatory, racist, sexist etc is usually censored.  




 And talk to your midwife/ doctor, they will have all the information you need and once baby arrives they will help you begin and continue breast feeding if you are struggling.  




 Time is relative but the speed of light is constant.  




 Seconded 




 The last guy does not look at all impressed  




 Oh thanks.  I get you now.  




 I thought they were the norm...  




 What?  




 To amaze all the friends i don't have at the dinner parties i don't go to 




 My bearded dragon doesn't react 




 Immediately because your meat will quickly rot and be useless.  




 Nothing.  I think that anything I took would remind me of what I'd left behind and it would be too hard to ever look at.   




 You don't.  Stranger danger.  




 I just want a dog 




 Almost everything.  

My life doesn't suck,  its just so dull, I could have done do much better.  




 Dog breeding has caused loads of genetic problems...  




 That's an excellent plan. Why isn't that in any movie or book?  They always go into forests and get killed by zombies hiding behind trees.  




 I have no idea.  But i just can't believe it's been a year already. Time goes too fast.


Massive freakout now.   




 Stay inside and use the Internet  




 A few different  species by the looks of it,  this is what I've always called a blue tongue but I've heard people  refer to what I know as sleepy lizards (shingle backs) as blue tongues too, they're related species. I'm not sure exactly what variety you have there.  




 That's a blue tongue 




 Thanks! I was getting so confused! 




 But not all brains,  maybe only one brain named itself and all the rest copied  




 What's the difference between a head transplant and a body transplant?  




 Nothing we could do about it,  not very likely it will happen, more important and realistic things to worry about.  




 Is there a word for needing a word for something?  




 Hydrated 




 A shower is temporary, they don't take long,  if you spent a whole day in a hot shower you'd be pretty uncomfortable. 

 




 I agree.  Its the same blue and black dress with stupud gold lighting now 




 I agree, Frozen was huge and is still really popular, with adults and kids.   




 My uncle speaks like "so i bloody uh got the bloody tractor bloody stuck and bloody uh kim came to bloody give me a hand to get it bloody out."  




 Its not only Americans who do this,  I'm Australian and we have 'famous' killers here.  
Ivan milat, John Bunting (had a movie made about him) and Ned Kelly (arguably)

Its morbid curiosity.  




 I've heard rumours. But I swear, us Ameristralians are just as patriotic as any one else.   




 Where is that?  
And can you adopt me?  




 What am I reading?  What are all those words?   




 And slavery still continues around the world with all races represented amongst the slaves. They overlook that a lot...or all the time.   




 The family was outraged, but sadly, nothing could be done.  




 My sister got an f once in grade 5 for being too creative. I still remember the last line of the story... "and Barbara learned to love horses, she ate them every day at 1pm which was when the mental hospital served lunch." 




 Why is that bad? I get chocolate,  flowers, bath bombs and sex?! Sounds fine to me.  




 I'm baffled by how they're actually terrified by hypothetical people hypothetically using them maybe.  




 I know of someone who was 'that driver', it completely destroyed their life.  




 My advice: stop thinking about it before your brain melts.  Its impossible for the human brain to comprehend time before time.  




 The hormones are the trigger, to dont need a specific sad thought.   




 All the other species currently living and reproducing are successful because they are currently living and reproducing. 

We are more successful according to us,  but nature doesn't really care,  we aren't really better or worse than any other species.  




 Their languages are English based Creoles, that most likely developed by the people in those places hearing english being spoken but having no formal learning of it,  so they didn't correctly learn English but made up their own versions based on what they thought or guessed to be correct, their native languages and slang.  




 Can not figure it out.  

Edit: luckily, wikipedia had had it figured out before I had...had 




 Today I got of out of bed at 3.30pm, I kind of have no reason get up in the morning, but need one.   




 I need to unsubscribe from r/food. It doesn't help my determination to stick with the keto diet.   




 An assignment that was due yesterday and also making a hair appointment.  

Life is hard,  and I have all episodes of friends to watch 




 I grew up in a rural area of Australia that has no signs of aboriginal habitation, there are areas that are remote, hilly, thick bush and its pretty possible that no one has ever been to some of those places.  




 Females are mostly only able to conceive about 1 or 2 days of the month,  a week at most,  so if you miss the fertile period you'll have to try again next month.  
Plus,  many men and women have fertility issues which can delay or prevent conception.  




 I'm sure many do 




 She didn't have any for the rest of the time we lived together but i don't see her much anymore so they may have come back and i haven't heard about it.  

It used to really scare her and she thought she would see ghosts of irish men. But yeah, after a diet change it all stopped.  




 A break from having to look after myself.  Where do i sign up?  




 =get out of my nostrils you damn flys! 




 Not eating a big main meal  




 Shut up you stupid loud jerks.  




 Summer.  




 Olives 




 My sister used to get sleep paralysis, turns out it was a vitamin deficiency  (don't remember which vitamin), my parents made her take supplements and changed her diet a bit. Cured!  




