 i'm still worried about the coverage honestly.  Verizon has WAY better coverage than sprint and tmo...probably combined it's still not as good in rural areas.

Unless there are some giant WiFi towers out there that google has certified, it'll be interesting to see how it pans out. 




 link? I can't find it. 




 The thing that broke on my g27 was the plastic position sensor.  I ordered a brass one online and now it works like a champ again. 




 Yeah, that's why I bought PCars for PC 




 Too bad this doesn't work with the xb1 or ps4 .  I know there is a USB converter out there but the force feedback doesn't work as of now 




 I have the same color. Get looks and complements constantly 




 I just picked up a turbocharger for the car. Worked pretty well. 

went from 46% to 71% in about 45 min while using the screen, GPS, spotify, emails, etc. 




 don't think that is a jammer, just a really good detector 




 I've done this jump. It's pretty cold but neat to swim in. 




 Well, that's niche markets in general.  My uncle got a degree in geology but ended up manufacturing a upgraded part for ICP-MS machines (I think) that made the resolution better or something along those lines.

He's made millions off of this little process in this little corner of one market.

The point of the video is to get people to evaluate their situation and perhaps look around to see if there is something they can do to change it if they are unhappy.

The path to success looks like [this](http://wp.patheos.com.s3.amazonaws.com/blogs/exploringourmatrix/files/2014/02/Path-to-success.jpg)

I've done a whole lot of different things and I'm on my 2nd-3rd major career and I'm 35.  So, it's all about what you are willing to do and be willing to fail. 




 I rode my bike through that exact stretch of walkway on Saturday.  It was nice that day too, I wonder if he was filming that day.   Not sure of how long it takes to for him to edit and post these. 




 You're probably OK with just the one then. Just keep the two in the back the same tread depth. 




 Awd? Then replace them all if the new one is more than 3/32" difference than the rest.  If rwd, then you could be OK 




 I did that too.  After a 1000 it seems to get easier because you can clear the 3 cactus bunches easily 




 Unlimited money to political parties 




 I'm a few days behind, but the last one I watched went did this again. But they are changing it up a bit 




 He'll get local people that seem like fairly knowledgeable people there, but only local people in NYC.  They are usually news station contributors or advocate group spokesperson.  I'm sure they are having a hard time getting people on short notice, so that's why you see the shows staff and touring comedians on the show to fill one of the 4 spots.   




 It's three 7 min segments.  Monolog, panel, keep it 100.  6 min isn't really worth it 




 It seems like they're trying out a few things.  I don't mind the panel with opposing views, but they only have about 6 - 12 min to talk about anything so it's really hard to actually get a good conversation going and wrap it up in that time frame.  


Mahr does it better, but that's once a week for an hour.  Just like I'm sure The Daily Show won't stand up to Oliver after Jon leaves. 




 Only if you look at the exact same things all day everyday 




 Voice Over LTE  




 I sell portable industrial scientific equipment.  You want to know what that metal, gas, powder, or dirt has in it? I probably have something that will tell you and can hold it with one hand 




 I sell portable XRF units, you may have or may be getting a new unit from us soon.   




 My wife works at amgen, but she transitioning into web development.  Who knows, she could end up at that same site in a few years when it's ready.

Very cool spot.  I hear 2018 is the target? Seems long 




 I hear that you should be getting a portable  XRF and nir unit soon.  Not sure if you inspect the incoming metal grades or scrap, but I sell those 




 Obviously if verified, and it would help if they posted a fair bit too before they get the flair.

Are we going to separate employees of dealers and corp employees I'm not sure which employees we've had 




 What lawns? 




 Yup.  Under the main heading you could see the upvotes in orange, and downvotes in blue.  The sum would be the number we still have.

Remember reddit puts automatic downvotes on threads over time to allow new ones to come up.

So a thread that had 3000 net upvotes would show like 15000 upvotes and 12000 downvotes .  I'm sure in most cases there weren't actually that many real downvotes, just a small portion and the rest were added by the algorithm

EDIT:  Here's an example of what it was like http://i.imgur.com/7rcMyAO.jpg 




 What channel? Nat Geo? 




 Repo'd?  That might be a possibility 




 ok. There's a handful on Craigslist around the same price around here, so I'll keep an eye out on either site. 




 13 is the time to get pregnant there apparently. 




 Neat, was that with the kinect as well? 




 Also, did you catch the price?   




 guess I'll just have to monitor it more today
 




 Will this ever list a current gen system? Or are they all last gen systems?  I'll take a Xbox one for cheap. 




 Or they have older kids and they don't need any more crap? 




 I was looking into buying an ATF franchise.  The key fee is just what they mark up the $4 RFID chip so you can access the building whenever. 

To seal the deal to get new members they can waive "activation fees" or discount the "key fee".  Both of those have very little costs so it's easy to waive it to get someone to pay $45-$50/mo.

As long as they have 600+ members they are making money. (depending on rent costs) 




 That's for the smaller club access, it's like $460 for the larger ones. Still $15/mo for 2 years and no initiation fees. 




 This is the most accurate answer, however you need to have it rooted and a custom recovery installed to do it. (not too difficult to do) 




 With all the sensitivity around this subject in the US, I have NO CLUE how this song ever got on the radio unedited.  




 Didn't say it was. Just saying it takes 500 lbs to bend a wrench.  




 Unless you cache the area you are in, yup. 




 With the right training, we have more distance running ability.  They will be faster in the short term, but they will get tired faster 




 I'm sure the massive guys in the main pic are stronger than this guy, but wouldn't be able to come close to being able to do this, even using a proper technique.  There's something different about him that normal people don't have. 




 Then how'd he do it? 




 oh yeah, for sure. The part where he "measures" the force of the bike with the crane gauge?  The rope had some slack in it and when he popped the clutch, the rope snapped to tension resulting in WAY more force than when he slowly got the rope taught for the guy then slowly applied the throttle.   I'm sure it takes a lot of strength to hold back a motocycle, but it wasn't 1300 lbs of force.

but their explanation for his ability to do the things he does makes the most plausible sense.  Especially since the supposedly do that for a living. 




 http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683  Motocycles can hurt you 




 yup http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683 




 http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683

Motorcycle accident. 




 http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683 




 Good on you, detective Friends. 




 "Newton's Second Law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass. Accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements."

Care to explain where I'm wrong? 




 I was stating that girls like this DO EXIST.  Attractive, smart, stable and like games/anime.  Might be 1 in 100,000,000, but they are out there.  As the gaming/geek culture gets more mainstream and girls are exposed to and not shamed for liking that culture the odds will get better and better.  

Stay vigilant young brothers! (older ones?...yeah, good luck) 




 Force = Mass * Acceleration.  They measured his muscle fiber output and apparently he can activate more fibers that a normal person.  So when he activates all of them at once, he can accelerate his hands at a faster rate, therefore producing a higher force.

He was on an episode of "Stan Lee's Superhumans" where they hooked him up to a computer to measure his output.  It was off the scale their first attempt. 

*EDIT*  It's on Netflix, the first episode, his section starts at 33 min.  They replicate the force to see how much weight it would take to bend a wrench like that and it's over 500 pounds of static force. 




 To tag on to this, 
Id probably buy a used G35 and run it until the engine needs replacing.

That will be FOREVER.  These engines don't really die as long as you take care of it.

I'd love to see a G35 sedan with an LS1, but that would cost at least 3x as much as you paid for the car. 




 Well, I think the adaptable cruise control and lane assist are pretty cool, but pretty useless for any 1/2 competent driver, so not really worth the money.  They wont help if someone is dumb and smashes in to you.

As far as advanced driving skills go, it's hard to explain in short order.  The main thing is to be smooth.  Smooth driving is fast driving.  I've been self studying these tactics 30+ years with no official training.  I did attend one of these schools that I mentioned back in 2006 and they said they couldn't teach me anything more than what I already knew.  I was passing corvette Z06's in a 350z, I out run most Porsches (non turbo) around tracks in my G37 (until the oil cooler can't handle it and gimps the RPMs).  Of course if they had drivers similar to me, they'd walk away no problem.  I am no pro, but I'm better than most people on the road.  I placed in the top 1% of people in [GT academy](http://www.gran-turismo.com/us/academy/about/)

It's a lot of theory and understanding the physics of what is happening during every second the car is moving.  Understanding things like what a [contact patch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contact_patch) is and how [weight transfer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weight_transfer) affects it.  No matter what road I'm on I'm always am looking for the proper [driving line](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racing_line) and also figuring out where the optimal [braking zone](http://www.drivingfast.net/car-control/braking.htm) is.  If you are on a wet road and start to [oversteer](http://www.drivingfast.net/car-control/oversteer.htm) you need to know how to recover safely (RWD mostly, but they can [understeer](http://www.drivingfast.net/car-control/understeer.htm) too.)

If you understand these basics, you can drive any car fast once you get the feel how the car performs.  Then you can drive that same car at a normal speed, but have the skills to get you out of any mess you or someone else puts you in.

Check out that www.drivingfast.net  That seems to describe the basics pretty well.  If you can find a closed parking lot or private road(track) to practice on, that would be best.

Once you get into it, you might discover that you have a little of the [Dunning-Kruger effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect) and realize you didn't know how much you really don't know about driving. 

A licence just proves you know the rules of the road and can operate the basics of a car.  It doesn't mean you can actually *drive*


  




 well, first off, do you want a manual or auto?  That'll eliminate a few options right there (no manual and AWD)

Also, if you've only been driving on public streets since January, this will be a lot of car for you (300+hp).  There are lots of electronic counter measures that will help keep you on the road, but that doesn't keep you 100% safe.

Am I reading right that you are in Mexico?  No idea what's available as far as driver training, but in the states we have advanced driving courses that teach you racing mechanics and skills that will translate well to emergency maneuvers when needed, but it requires practice to be able to feel what the car is doing or is going to do and adjust accordingly.  They can be pricey ($500/day) but if you love to drive it's worth every penny (peso?) 




 That or they don't believe me 




 Find a normal tightness, then go one looser and you should be fine 




 Loose fit should be fine.  I wear mine one notch looser than I normally would.  The normal notch cracked it in the first week 




 Nothing.  It's when the band is under too much stress.  A normal metal back would have no issues with the amount of stress it takes to crack the back of this 




 Mobile app glitched 




 My wife looks very similar to her, and she's a gamer/anime watcher.  She's my personal geek goddess 




 Kind of like amg for Mercedes and SRT for Dodge. 




 Weird. Not sure then 




 I'll never buy a car that has an automatic transmission.  A sequential paddle one is the closest I'll get.  My 08 had the slave cylinder fail, but it's never been an issue as far engagement 




 I'm sure it's the same thing that happens to all brakes.  When you push the pedal down, it compresses some air and it's leaking out right at the pedal.  Nothing too wrong about it, but dust could get in there 




 Lead was banned across the board in 1978 




 Inner cities are nothing but roads and buildings.  The lead gets everywhere and people were breathing it in. 




 Love, to a tennis player, only means you haven't scored yet. 




 Or project cars? 




 well...the hair dryer does move air. 




 Chocolate's melting point is 88 degrees  Fahrenheit. The phone is meant to withstand about 120 degrees like most other electronics

 You might be able to take a hair dryer, heat up the chocolate and blow it out at the same time.  You can also put a towel over the affected area and use the dryer again to heat up the towel and soak up the chocolate at the same time.  Just take your time and don't get the phone too hot.

This is a similar method on how to get wax out of carpet. 




 So...skeet shooting with prizes?

Neat! 




 Then you don't have a current plan.  All the current plans have hotspot enabled for free.

If you are rooted, there have been things you can mod (usually the build.prop file) that will bypass the check and just enables it anyway.  I'm sure XDA has this somewhere. 




 SettingsWireless   networks...MoreTethering   portable hotspot enable portable hotspot (after setting it up) 




 Here's a video I did on my car for the g37s version of that exhaust. https://youtu.be/tw41sSRZ4mU?t=227

You can watch the whole thing for a full comparison at various speed vs stock. 




 Huh, must not be too many hills where you go.  I had a hell of a time anytime a hill was involved even with snow tires 




 5w-30 oil.

I have a manual so I don't know about the transmission part. 

Just check the manual. 




 Obsidian can be sharpened to a thickness of one atom 




 "Infiniti performance line" I think.  Think NISMO edition, but for Infiniti 




 The window issue... Try rolling them all the way down then roll them up fully and hold the window up button for 15 seconds after they are all the way up. That works on my coupe 




 canadian version I assume?  How's it handle in the snow with those tires?  Also, you can get the 18"s on there without the brake calipers rubbing?  Neat. 




 only if it's turbocharged... 




 But when the 1 asshole is the CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER of the company, I'm not going give that company any money at all.  These franchisors are voluntarily opening these businesses.  They know full well the backstory of the company they are investing buckets of money in to.  




 Maybe they'll redo the entrance?  But that's going to be a traffic shit storm if these places are a popular as I've heard. 




 I was happy to pay $950 for my tires (at America's Tire).  They've been the best tires ever. (Michelin Pilot Super Sport).

You might fit in with that Eastern Washington hispanic crowd with these.  Just depends on who you clients are. 




 I'd have to go in there to do that.  Doubt that'll happen 




 I'm more of a grilled chicken guy myself 




 In the Lowe's parking lot specifically 




 The franchisee still gives money to the corporation in royalties and supply chain.  Therefore part of my money will go to that purpose.  As such, I'll not spend one dime at any of these locations.

However, if someone else had and extra one, and I was hungry, I'm sure I'd eat it. 




 It's from Flight of the Conchord's 




 These are Arelli Jovan wheels.  They were popular ~10 years ago when DUBs were the thing to have.  For some reason I can't find anyone selling them now so I can't give you a price comparison.  

You need to see what bolt pattern they are. They need to be 5x4.5" or 5x114.5mm.  If they are, then yes they'll fit. 

They'll be ugly, but they'll fit.  It's your car. You can do as you wish. 




 If anything is announced at I/O, the actually product could be 6+ months away. 

So if you can wait that long...you'll never buy anything because something better will be along 6-9 months later, always. 




 you're close.  It's not about the little islands in the pacific, it's about the bigger island a few thousand miles northwest. 




 Anything that is between you and the ground.  Mattress, shoes, tires, etc. 




 If they weren't on the road for the next week, I'd set it up 




 A friend of my parents is one of the duckmasters. It's a neat gig from what I've been told 




 I took the train from Mountain View to go to pier 39 once.  It was less...for both me and my wife. 




 For about 30 miles 




 I have the red one and it's fine. 

add that plus the CF dBrand skin and red Moto M.  It's sexy as hell
 




 he said toll AND parking. You can do $25/day parking pretty easy 




 [this explains both the link and comment karma decay mechanics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlI022aUWQQ) 




 It's less about the tech of the router and more about their little xfinity system that they sell.

They have one master box that is connected to the modem.  Then if you have slave boxes where other tv's are, those act as repeaters for the wifi.  So when they claim the fastest "in home wifi", it's due to having a very strong wifi signal that allows you to get the most speed that the modem is providing anywhere in the house (or outside).  

You can have a 10Gbps connection right to your house, and a 802.11AC router sitting right next to it.  But if it's like my house and in a closet in a corner of the house, it doesn't have a strong wifi connection in most areas of the house.  So you'll be lucky to get 5-10% of what the modem can do.  




 in 2010, ATT claimed largest 4G network because HSPA+ was considered "4G" at the time.  So they were right.  VZW said they had the most LTE coverage, so they were right as well.  T-Mobile claimed the fastest LTE, and they were also right because it was averaging like 30mbps, but only in like 4 cities at the time.

It's all about how you spin it.  So when you see all these claims that each one of them makes, it seems like they all make the same claim and it gets jumbled when you try to remember it later. 




