 For me, it's Somebody by Natalie La Rose feat. Jeremih 









 I generally just use rush and dark impale for mobbing. What level is your Dark Knight? 




 LOL wtf! In Scania they're selling for around 7-10k each. Even in bulk no one will buy them for 50k thats just absurd. 




 Why do you have your berserker skills on your keyboard? I'd honestly just keep all the 4th job Dark Knight stuff.. all the old skills are pretty much useless except for rush. 




 Leveling was pretty bad back then but I honestly don't care too much about that. The game itself was more enjoyable because of the tight knit community. People also didn't care too much about damage and mostly focused on enjoying the game and socializing.  




 This is so incredibly true. Nexon in the recent years seems to be a bit more money hungry although in the past few months it's been getting better. They're offering a lot more free stuff and affordable nx items in the maple rewards shop now! 




 I'm glad to hear everything seems to be working out well for you right now! I'm mostly looking forward to college at this point even though it's about a year and a half away. 




 I saw a guy named 2400 SAT Score:

http://imgur.com/DNNFLdG 




 I'm gold 3 56 lp. My ign is theguyhiding! 









 In 3rd grade I got suspended for 4 days because apparently I tried to "threaten" another student when all I did was raise my fist in the air. 




 ITT: people pretending they're celebrities 




 Got placed in Bronze 5 and I only cried for a week. 




 :(
 




 Einstein's Theory of Relativity. People do disagree with it but if it was completely proven wrong then I think the entire world of science would go into a frenzy. Not just physics, but other branches of science too. 




 They wouldn't think anything because I turned 16 about 4 months ago and I haven't changed. 




 ITT: Creepy things guys notices about woman. 




  #bethemaincharacterofyouranime 




 I should be studying for my Calculus exam coming up in a few days. 




 Haven't read anything more true than this. 




 I'd wake up my grumpy Asian mother and then I'd have to listen to her yell at me for the next 3 hours. 




 Probably Chex Mix, Nestle Hot Chocolate Mix, and various other mixtures. 




 Don't Stop Believing by Journey. It's impossible to hate and every person I know loves the song! 




 Bobby Shmurda... Oh god, I don't see any possible way of leaving this island with my sanity or my life. 




 Team Solomid. TSM HYPE TRAIN NEVER DIES AND NEVER FAILS! 




 My parents would always use this trick to get our phone and internet bills lower. My mom would especially haggle and talk for what seems like an hour just to get the price down by 1 or 2 dollars. 




 Ah the ol' lamb leg..  




 I'm probably your stereotypical Asian nerd, complete with the harsh and strict parents. 




 To move on and let go of past friendships. Its natural for friends to grow apart but I've learned to let it happen even though it still hurts when I think of our past experiences. 




 This broke my heart. Why the fuck would she say that at that moment? It was the worst possible time you could say it!  




 What grade are you in? I'll ask you to prom! Thing is... I'm a guy 




BUT YOU SOUND AWESOME SO I WOULDN'T MIND ANYWAYS :D! 




 That hurts dude... If you don't mind me asking, how's the relationship between you and her now? 




 Thanks! I'm just looking forward to college at the moment! I don't know what the future has in store for me but whatever it is, I'll try to get through it! 




 awww! thanks for laughing! 




 Your cousin is the governor of New Jersey?
 




 Calbel on Youtube! He does funny and awesome League of Legends stuff! It's mostly him or his buddies trolling though. 




 Seeing you and your friends grow apart. It always hurts me that all of us will go our own seperate paths but thats part of life. As friendships fade away, new ones appear. But the memory of your old best friend will still stay and sometimes you can't help but miss them :(  









 Sorry you got scammed dude! I truly mean it! I've been scammed before and it hurts; however, please don't let this faze your opinion on the rest of Reddit. Most of us are truly good people who would never resort to scamming! With that being said, just as a precaution you should check how much contribution they have in their guild. If they have anything less than 100k contribution I wouldn't trust them. Generally people who have been in the guild for a long time wouldn't attempt scamming people in the risk of getting kicked out of the guild. Again, I deeply apologize for what happened between you and my fellow guild members but please don't let this ruin your image of our guild! I hope you get your stuff back. I know for a fact that our leader of the guild will do whatever it takes to help you! 




 Country is actually my least favorite genre. lol. I don't mean to offend. I tried it before but it just wasn't my kind of thing. 




 I mostly listen to EDM now, but I like other genres too! 




 I used to go onto Yahoo Answers all the time to read all the ridiculous answers. I found reddit by coincidence while browsing through League of Legend stuff online. I thought it was pretty neat, especially how it's like a bigger and better Yahoo Answers lol. 




 16 . Lots of schoolwork and stress. SATs, AP Testing, Finals, Orchestra Concerts, as well as maintaing my GPA are putting a lot of pressure on me right now. 




 I love Shut Up and Dance! I used to listen to it all the time! 




 [Tobu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LZB4o_qmZ8)


He's not really a well known artist, but he's pretty popular on youtube. I also listen to other EDM when I'm bored. 




 A lot of songs by The Fray really stick out to me.

[You Found Me is one song that makes me feel like crying everytime I listen to it but it does make me feel better for some odd reason when I'm having a bad day](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFg_8u87zT0)

[Pictures of You by the Last Goodnight. Not by The Fray but also extremely touching](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7QWZBiNTMc) 




 What's the difference between a bird and a fly?

A bird can fly but a fly can't bird.

huehuehuehuehue

:( sorry my jokes suck 




 Did you end up doing what you dreamed or imagined you were going to be doing as a kid? If not, how do you feel about it right now? 

As for me, it feels like I'm at the crossroads right now and I'm extremely confused and lost. I'm applying to colleges soon and I don't even know what I'm going to be doing in the future.  




 An air freshener. Many years ago I was on a road trip with my parent's friends and we were stuck in a small car. Since it was a really hot and humid summer day, opening the windows only seemed to let more hot air in. Overall, it was extremely uncomfortable. Then things seemed to escalate ten-fold when my friend decides to unleash his silent but deadly fart in the car after we ate a local Mexican restaraunt. The remaining 4 hours of the car ride was not fun! 









 Chris Christie. Honestly, if you're last name is Christie why the fuck would you name your child Chris? 




 You don't remember? How could you forget something like that! Even I remember!! 




 No but I watch Teletubbies :D 




 How did you feel after your kid said that to you? I would freak the fuck out and spend the rest of my evening watching Teletubbies. 




 I have a classmate and friend that I play LoL with all the time. Sometimes he would host the Skype calls and everytime we try to do a match, his internet would always go out for no apparent reason. Since then, I preferred to host the calls with my superior Optimum Online. :D 




