 I'd probably pick Megan Salinas. 




 I am banned from /r/offmychest for complaining that criminal foreigners who come here only to do crime, are giving the rest of us minorities a bad reputation. Apparently, that's racist to say. 









 I don't know. We should probably ask him. 




 Here's another advice: Live in the USA where all the girls on this subreddit are from as well. 




 I live in one of the largest cities in my country yet tinder constantly shows me girls far away like 20+ miles outside of my city. I've tried to set the distance to 10 miles in settings yet it still shows me people 20-30 miles away. 




 Well it's always hard to give a transliteration, especially when the Swedish "j" is unique from many other languages like English. When it comes to the "j", I usually pronounce it like an "i" so that was why I added it.

In my opinion all 3 transliterations can be correct. Really depends on what type of dialect you refer to as well. But it's not like I meant for this post to be something insanely serious anyway. :) 














 Hjem-Is er racister!! De ngter at slge til indvandrere!! (sarkasme) 




  Even historically the Islamic empires did not favor forcible conversion (the European Christians were all about that though).

It's like you've never opened a history book before. 




 Norway and Scandinavian countries in general are very great to live in with lots of security.

As a Danish person who has lived all his life in Denmark (which is pretty much the same as Norway) I can say that I've thought many times about moving away from Scandinavia, especially to the US.

Yeah, it's true that statistically speaking Scandinavian countries might be superior to the US, but I feel that in the end personal subjectivity plays an even bigger part. Some people will love Scandinavian countries, others will hate them. I'm not too fond of Scandinavian countries.

My biggest pet peevees about my country is that people are very cold and not open to meeting new people. When I studied abroad in the US it was very easy to talk to new people or even other people coming up to you and talk to you. I never really felt alone there. In Denmark though, it's a constant battle with loneliness because people prefer to keep to themselves.

I also dislike the socialist aspect of Scandinavian society where almost half of my salary goes to taxes. I mean sure, it gives us free education and healthcare, but that also means that our education and healthcare has zero flexibility and is in total control of the bureaucracy.

But those are just my personal opinions. You should come here for a few months and experience it for yourself. Maybe you'll love it, maybe you'll hate it. I've met both people who love this place and others who hate it. 




 Sweden would probably support this. They need all the land they can get to take in as many refugees as possible. 




 I thought we agreed on boycotting FIFA? Or did we stop caring after two days? I fucking hate you people. 




 Maybe the way he said it was really stupid, but I agree with him in that we should focus on getting good immigrants who are able to do jobs we need and make sure people who have a long crime history never get allowed in. 




 I don't CTRL V but I've seen many people here do that which is why I pointed it out.

Throughout the time I've spent here I've tried short messages, long elaborate messages, jokes, serious messages, etc etc.

I just feel like IRL makes it much easier and gives a better chance at success. At the very least people who don't have much success here should give a local party a try and actually talk to a girl when they're there. They also won't have to xompete with hundreds of other guys trying to get her attention at the same time like here on r4r. 




 I actually disagree. When you message a girl here, you're competing with hundreds of other guys messaging her at the same time.

When you walk up to a girl irl you have 2-5 min of her attention to advertise yourself and with a little practice that can easily be turned into 30 minutes or 1 hour which can be turned in to a date with practice. 




 I can see the appeal if you travel a lot. I just think that there are people who are static though and might be better off stopping with the online searches. 




 I agree with all your points. That's also why I think that it's better to just go out and meet people. I feel like you're able to show more of your qualities in person than just based off text ans maybe my texting is so boring that I was better off staying away from it.

If just one person decides to go out and meet people instead of spending another night on r4r I feel like my post has been worth it lol 




 For some disabled people or others in special situations this place can be great.

But I think that there are still many people who would be better off not spending energy on services like this. I feel that many people like me think that this is a much easier and effective way of meeting new people. Why spend half an hour getting ready and then spend money going to places and having to deal with body languages and all other pressure at parties when I can just sit at home half naked in my bed with a bag of doritos and CTRL + V a bunch of messages to people on r4r?

I feel like some people like me just needed to grow some balls and just go out and do it and realize it's not really that bad out there and that it can be much easier just talking to a girl than sitting at home hitting f5 wishing you are one of those lucky guys that hit jackpot and gets to have a 1 hour chat with a girl until she gets bored and stops responding back. 




 Kinda. I'm upset that I didn't do this a year ago instead of spending hours looking at r4r posts lol 




 Honestly, no offense to the mods here or anyone loyal to this subreddit... But after having spent a year here and haven't gone past a 1 week conversation, I feel like I can conclude this is a complete and utter waste of time.

It's one thing to never receive a reply from someone that you message. That's just how it is. But I feel like the biggest kick in the nuts is when you have a conversation going and after a few hours they stop the conversation. It happens way too often.

About a month ago I wen't out with my friends instead to a party. Something I rarely do. I manned up and decided to go and talk to a girl there I thought was cute. Guess who has had a girlfriend for a month so far?

My point is there are so many better and imo easier ways to connect with somebody else. I feel like this has been a complete waste of time and I've gotten nothing out of it yet had I jusy focused my time and energy other places like local parties, I'd have been better off.

Sorry about this little rant. Just feel like this whole online relationship and friendship things are the worst. Good luck to anyone out there still searching. 




