 I was actually thinking this morning, before checking in on reddit, that whatever wording I used in this post yesterday was probably too harsh. I think saying it was an annoying/depressing episode is fine, because it fits the portions I listened to, but I regret calling Marcus horrid (even just as a guest). So you make a fair point. 

No good editing the original post, but I should have described Marcus as a "disappointing" guest, or a "difficult" guest. 



 




 Ugh. After over an hour of nearly non-stop complaining, I just had to stop listening. Marcus is a horrid guest. Kind of like a giant, exhaustively negative steamroller. Hopefully, next week's show will be back to the fun. 




 This is silly. Safe hollandaise sauce is easy. 




 Bleh... No gameplay; who cares? 




 I hear you. But you may have a misconception about which movies are successful and which aren't. Edge of Tomorrow was a hands-down financial disappointment for the studio, and Interstellar was also a stinker at the box office. When you say EoT made almost four times its budget, that means you must be including overseas gross. But, domestic gross is far more important for determining whether a film was financially successful.

EoT had a production budget of ~$178 million. And the general rule of thumb is that a movie must make twice its production budget in revenue in order to break even (due to advertising, marketing and distribution costs). So, EoT had to take in over $300 million. And how much did it make domestically? $100 million. Yikes. 

Sure, it made another $250 million overseas, but overseas profits are much less valuable to the studios. Between tariffs, higher distribution costs, expenses and fluctuating currency values, the studios are lucky to get 15% of overseas gross in actual revenue (versus domestic gross, where the studio collects 45-60%). So, for EoT, it's more likely that the studio made ~$100 million, total... on a film that cost $178 million to make (not including advertising and marketing). Even if they got 60% of both domestic and overseas gross, that's still only $220 million--far less than the $300+ million needed to 'break even'. 

So, yeah, Edge of Tomorrow was a failure for the studio. They might make it up on home video and TV, but they're not going to be champing at the bit to make a sequel--and it's not going to be a strong argument for making more original scifi movies. If you run the numbers for Interstellar, the picture isn't much rosier. 

Anyway, all of that aside, yes--I agree. There are tons of original films made every year, and that will continue to be the case. Regardless of all the doom and gloom people like to drum up about sequels and reboots. But, that doesn't mean that the state of the movie industry isn't hampering more good, original films from being made. Again, particularly genre films. How many original sci-fi films are released each year? Very few, compared to other genres. 




 Wow. Well, I played Rogue Legacy on PS4/Vita, so I essentially played for months... at home, at work, at lunch, in bed... whatever. Played and played. Fortunately, the timer on the PS4 version was bugged, so I really have no idea how long I actually played. :) 




 I think the reality is that different people consume games differently. I don't doubt that you will avoid going back to older games when new DLC is released, but there are plenty of people who will (I assume).

I'm playing Witcher 3 right now, but if DLC hit next week for Last of Us, I'd drop Witcher 3 for a bit. Not because I don't like Witcher 3, but because I really liked Last of Us. Heck, as I was trying to finish up Bloodborne, I quit cold turkey for a bit when the Mario Kart DLC hit. As with anything, it all depends on what excites me at the time. I can't be alone in this.

All of this is anecdotal, though. It might just be easier for us to agree that CDPR would not continue working on DLC for two years unless there was substantial financial benefit in doing so (i.e., there must be enough people still willing to buy DLC that long after release).  




 I had similar issues with DA:I combat. I loved the tactical view in the first game, and I spent countless hours stepping through each combat slowly, planning my attacks meticulously and really using the battlefield to my advantage. You just can't do that in DA:I--in fact, I'm not sure I would even call it a "tactical" camera; it's just an overhead camera.

The combat in DA:I is way too straightforward and twitchy to benefit from tactical consideration. Example: In the first game, I would generally keep my mages in the back, station a ranged character on something elevated, and then wade in with my close-range fighter. The mage might cast a wall of some type (fire/ice), or an area effect, to cut off some enemies from the main battle, and my archer would pick them off. In DA:I, that's just not possible--the enemies warp all over the battlefield, rendering barriers, planning and character placement entirely moot. As an action game, it was sufficient, but it can't touch the tactical goodness found in DA1. 




 I don't even want to know how many hours I logged in that game.  




 There's an element of truth to what you say--we should not support bad movies just because they are original. However, the author of this article also has a point: original films (particularly original *genre* films) do not generally fare very well at the box office, regardless of how good they might be. Edge of Tomorrow, from last year, is a recent example. Very good movie (some might say great), but severely underperformed. Meanwhile, mediocre sequels and remakes catering to the same audience raked in the dough.

As for Tomorrowland itself, I don't think the consensus is that it's a bad film. I haven't seen it, so I won't comment on its merits, but it seems to be pretty divisive. Some people love it, some people really, really don't. Usually, films like that are good, but controversial. 




 Oh, I get it. This is pretty much what I meant by "Stupid internet." 




 Maybe. I've always thought if you have to use '/s' you aren't doing sarcasm very well. But, my sarcasm skills are evidently suspect, anyway, so... 




 Yes, thanks. Thick, thick sarcasm. 




 Hmm. I thought the sarcasm was sufficiently thick to guarantee detection. Considering Journey was a sales record-breaker, how did you miss it? Stupid internet. :/ 




