 Shit I shit 




 he's draining everyone of their powers to math 




 hmmm so how far does a ship have to go under to, by your simplified, one definitive definition of sink for a ship to be considered to have "sunk"?

Completely submersed? to a certain depth? To the bottom?

Now what if that "sunk" ship resurfaces? I mean youre obviously a troll or very irrational of a person to not be able to understand that a word may have multiple meanings... 

But sure. you're right. I think you probably need this win anyways kiddo. Good luck! 




 |Olympic's first major mishap occurred on her fifth voyage on 20 September 1911, when she collided with the British cruiser HMS Hawke off the Isle of Wight. The collision took place as Olympic and Hawke were running parallel to each other through the Solent. As Olympic turned to starboard, the wide radius of her turn took the commander of the Hawke by surprise, and he was unable to take sufficient avoiding action.[29] The Hawke's bow, which had been designed to sink ships by ramming them, collided with Olympic's starboard side near the stern, tearing two large holes in Olympic's hull, above and below the waterline, resulting in the flooding of two of her watertight compartments and a twisted propeller shaft|

See definition of sinking, 
The compartments flooded, so therefore it sunk. Not completely, but it did sink. Like when you "sink" down into your seat.

Now can you just admit loss and move on? 




 Ah, you are correct. Well to an extent. The article just says she survived the sinkage of the three ships. never says she was on them at the time of sinkages.

Rebuttal? 




 Sank as in to sink correct. Well let's see what the definition of sink is. 

Sink
1 go down below the surface of something, especially of a liquid; become submerged.
2 descend; drop.

discussion over
 




 Uh, I'm pretty sure It sank a little if it collided with another vessel. The headline doesn't say completely sank or submersed. If we wanna be technical assholes here 




 Username checks out, does go to Hampshire  









 I dont get this at all. Why take this picture and post it to reddit? And sure im gonna get a shit ton of hate because its such an "emotional picture" but I dont care.

1. Why would you take a picture of a person in this predicament that you work with? As a medical provider, ive been in these situations and If i saw you taking a picture of me like this or of one of my colleagues I'd come knock your teeth out.

2. Reminds me of photographers that flock to tragedy for the "perfect shot." They have photographers that will delay a persons care for their shot, one particular case where a photographer climbed on top of an ambulance that my team and I were trying to load a 2 month old in septic shock into evac to a USN ship. Real piece of shit, but point being this is a pretty shitty picture.

3. What did you plan on doing with the picture? Are you going to go give it to that young provider, so he can remember that time he lost a 19 year old? 

But whatever, im an asshole i guess. The asshole still inside working feeling my heart out for this new young doc while i watch some toolbag emt take a picture of him.  




 Article:

"The pharaohs would likely spin in their sarcophagi if they knew where all their carefully erected obelisks have gone. For of the 21 ancient obelisks still standing, Egypt itself can claim fewer than five. Rome boasts 13, all snatched from the Land of the Pharaohs in Roman times, and the rest are spread from Istanbul to New York City. Click on the labeled map below to view and review the world's 12 mightiest standing monoliths." 









 No buds  









 No. It Daffy Duck had both. Thank you. 
 




 traded the seizures for a stutter 




