









 My friends live out of town but their family still lives near us, and every 2nd weekend they come down and hang out at ours for Xbox, pizza and drinking. They then sleep over. Adult sleepovers are the best!! 




 They didn't really cut him out. He just wasn't a kitten 




 Goddess 




 "Must kill Snow. Weeeee! Must kill Snow. Weeeee!" 




 What about that creepy guy who is just standing still in each of your photos, staring...just staring 




 Not a great site for mobile 




 It's hard to tell how far inland the water actually goes. Of course they would be mostly under but they do tend to span inland a bit. They might be salvagable. Canberra would be high and dry 




 Australia gets off pretty lightly! We get an inland sea again 




 Those ear wiggles! 




 I wasn't trying to take a stab at salaried workers, sorry for making it seem that way. I just know what it is like to have a shitty (casual) retail job and have to stay back...but I did get paid for that time. If yiu don't get paid for 1 or more hours extra work it must suck. An extra 10 mins though, unpaid can't be so bad though 




 I think someone didnt like something I said and is downvoting everything. Ahh well. And nahh, Australia 




 Medical Science, Transplantation. 




 She is a medical scientist 




 That does sound like it sucks, and I am not being sarcastic. But it boggles me to think that you would not.be paid for that time. I have worked 7 retail jobs and not one made me work extra and not paid me for it 




 ...no 




 Exactly right 




 I am 4 years in and I am on $72-78k a year depending on call-ins. 




 We do have a LOT of checks,second checks and safeguards in place. 




 It isn't logistically or financially possible to have it any other way. A very large number of important decisions are made by tired people...but they are foremost professionals. We know what we are doing...even if we dont know what day of the week it is 




 Histocompatibility...but close enough. You know what's up 




 Ok, I will 




 Specifically, look in to Tissue Typing or Histocompatibility if you want to know what I do 




 You do get used to it. I was tired but still pretty functional. I have faith in the results I put out. I am, after all, gambling my career on them being correct 




 We are Med Scientists. On Call at crazy hours is all part of the job. Doctors need results and it ain't machines that give it to them. It is people. The hours are long and hard but we get good $$$ 




 I don't feel like what I said was a complaint. I love my job, I get paid well but the hours are hard sometimes. People who do an easy job with easy hours and complain because they have to stay late with a customer annoy me because they have it easy.

A hard job isn't a horrible job 




 No one is forcing them to do their jobs either... 




 We have 2 people on at once to safeguard from errors. No one had died from human errors.

And to answer your question, there is simply no other way 




 I am required because I am On Call. It is part of the job 




 I didn't bitch. I love my job. I was trying to prove that the other people complaining dont have it half as bad 




 Man, I have really stiff coil over suspension...any bump is Mt Everest for me 




 I had to come into work last night, after working 8 hours, to work for another 10 hours. By the time I got home I had been awake for 27 hours. And the work I do, if you screw up...you could kill someone.

So excuse me if I don't shed a tear for you retail workers who have to work 10 minutes over time because someone needed toilet paper real quick. 

Edit: Of course I get paid well for my time. I work hard in uni, worked hard to get where I am and worked hard to get good pay for overtime. I also worked retail when was young. It was easy but I complained about it because I didn't understand what a difficult job was. I was just trying to point out that if a retail job making you stay back 10 mins is the worst thing in the world for you, no matter the pay, then maybe you aren't cut out for a more stressful job 




 http://imgur.com/IjVFeLW 




 My husband and I have agreed that we have ruined eachother for any hope of returning to the dating pool and therefore must stay together 




 I make a massive point of saying "Oh, never mind, I will go somewhere else then" at places like that. Eftpos minimums will cause you to lose my business 




 I managed to take this photo of [Mike's Dave]( http://i.imgur.com/8Z0piPJ.jpg)  before the guard yelled at me. Does that count? 




 Lois 




 SVU 




 O 




 As time goes by you come to realise she actually wasn't totally horrible. I hated her as a kid, love her as an adult 




 My friends and I (2 med scientists, 2 med students and a researcher) all went to see it together. The confused, angry silence that followed was very long. We just couldn't comprehend that much stupid 




 I had a steak too...with garlic mushroom sauce. Shit yeah.

Edit: Then a 7 hour call in to work. Haven't slept in 28hours!!!!!!$#!$#! 




 I don't believe in many things, so consider yourself lucky! 

As a side note, while I am assuming your name is meant to be "frogger"..I pronounce it "furrgurr" in my head 




 So what about the people with prams that are really easy to set up? Or people who take the spot when the rest of the carpark is available? Or if they decide not use the pram and instead just decide to carry the baby? Or what about all the mothers who take up all the spots leaving other mothers in the lurch?

The point I am trying to make is unless there are clear rules, enforced and punishable you don't have to do shit. The world doesn't owe you anything because you have a pram.

It's not law. It's nice, but not required 




 So what if a woman with no children in her car, just the seats or kids without a pram take it up? Are they cunts too? 




 Just buy a cheap baby seat and chuck it in the back.  




 I knew you were joking :/ 




 I see it more as a guideline.

It's nice to take another spot if you find one, but I sure as shit am not going to drive around for 1/2 an hour and then park on the street because some parent might show up and want it. As with he case of many parents I see park there, they don't even use a pram! Their kids are walking around. Free game I say 




 ...I usually am. If it is just a chuckle you get a "hehe" and just a smile will definitely get you a :) 




 Even if you did it on purpose or not...if they catch you at it you are fault 




 But that's the point...the park spot thing isn't a rule 




 I said in another comment somewhere that I would be interested to see the wording on his page. If it says "will go to charity" he is a scumbag. If it says "help with costs associated with treatment and if some is left over, it will go to charity" you can't get too up in arms. It might have been very losely worded 




 You are totally right...which is why I don't donate unless there is clearly written outlines about where the money is going. Sure a person who lies and pockets the money is a scumbag...but you can't get all in a tizzle if you didn't investigate the "charity" further. 




 Not being a lawyer, I am interested to know how you can show "intent" through losely worded promises. 

It just seems that it would be harder to claim that they were definitely going to donate the money unless it was in writing. Feels like he said, she said.

That's why I thought the wording would be interesting to read. It it clearly says "will go to charity" he hasn't got a leg to stand on 




 It would be interesting to see what the page actually says. Wording is key 




 Big big big piece of information you definitely needed to include.

I still say though that unless this was all in writing or clearly laid out in a way that would be usable in legal action I don't know if there is much to be done. 

Is a dying wish a binding contract? Idk 




 Literally, the worst 




 Oh man, people I don't know being in my front yard is infuriating! Like, people who park out front so they can visit the neighbours...argh! We start mowing our lawn when they do that. They usually come out and move it pretty quickly 




 I don't see it as stolen if they willingly gave it "for treatment". If she died, she obviously can't get any more treatment but then thar just means the only condition for use of the money is now void. He is under no obligations 




 [What about this one?]( https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/37lwhm/meet_button_she_is_fluffy/) 




 Deserve what? Did they give expecting it to come back and benefit them? Or was the money given under the strict stipulations that it be given back if she died?

If my husband died, I might want a holiday too. Losing a loved one is the worst, supportive friends would understand that grieving takes time...and sometimes money 




 I can't crochet with that sort of racket going on!


Which is funny because I actually do crochet 




 It is. We really only care about skill and effort in our workplace. Of course, in any workplace it is hard to go off and have kids then expect everything to be exactly the same when you return, but it certainly isn't held against you. Because our industry moves and develops at a very quick pace, most women do need retraining to get the back up to speed, but I certainly haven't been denied training because I am married and of childbearing age. They make do with who they have, when they have them, for as long as they have them 




 After my mum died the whole town rallied and had a fundraiser for my dad, sister and I. People need to think morr about the living than the dead in times like that. Who knows what kind of debt her illness left him with. What if he relied on her income? She might not have had health insurance. 
So the money was for treatment...now it'll be for the funeral costs, medical expenses and helping this dude actually move on with his broken life. 

If there was fine print to all those peoples' generosity and he has broken that, then fine....but personally you would have to be heartless to ask for him to give it up 




 I haven't actually...but the Med Science industry is about 70:30 women to men. Even people going on maternity leave aren't screwed over. Helps having all female bosses at least 




 Get off my lawn! 




 [Taters gonna tate]( http://36.media.tumblr.com/029085d4255aa22009e7f950f8f3785c/tumblr_nds8h9VbPG1ra2r1bo1_500.jpg) 




 I hate the idea of judging people by the way they look, but there are some people who just look like trouble. These boys look like trouble 




 Entering HLA (Human Leukocyte Antigen) results into a computer.  




 For a few of them you could just get the other half tattooed on yourself 




 My mum used to always say "Swearing is for dumb bunnies" 




 I love it!

This was my pic I did to satisfy my colouring-in needs

http://i.imgur.com/6IiBHFD.jpg

Except I am waiting til I can track down some watercolour pencils before I do the job 




 If living in close vacinity to other people has taught me anything, politely asking someone to change their behaviour rarely works. It sometimes takes a literal shitstorm to make them see the errors of their ways 




 I would make the exception for the very little ones 2 months. They don't cry much and it is hard for a mum to be apart when they are so little 




 Most people on this thread seem to have forgotten their childhoods 




 Santa, Easter Bunny, wash behind your ears or you'll grow potatoes, don't watch TV or your eyes will go square...most things adults lie to kids about are meant for fun or with good intentions. Childhood is about fun, magic and adventure. I don't really see the point in turning them into cynical Redditors until at least their mid-teens 




 He knew what he was getting himself into 




 Well, not *that* soon. We have plans. 




 Soon. 




 The other^ 




 He'll look like such a fool! 




 A lot of people pay him out about it when they hear what car it is...until they see it 




 Some people are awkward around children...especially ones they don't know. I'm the same. I think for him too, there is always the fear that someone will accuse you of being a creep if a man starts talking to a child he doesn't know. Which is terrible, of course 




 I think it is mostly because what he said didn't really contribute much 




 [Renault Clio AGP]( http://images-2.drive.com.au/2011/08/06/2540470/renault-clio-rs_320.jpg)

Not really similar to Bumblebee, but I guess all the kid could really tell is that is was yellow 









 Only the good lies that involve giant robots 









 I dunno, it seems to me that the best time to make political changes is when it is politically convenient 




 Every time we had a meal, it was amazing and I found myself looking around trying to find complete strangers I could involve and share how amazing the food was.

Like "look at this baguette! Come here and let me share with you how amazing this baguette is right now!" 




 Not to her, certainly.  




 Run!!! 




 I'll take that 




 Of course I did. I'm not heartless 




 I had a friend visit from interstate, and you know those weekends where everything you do goes well and everything you eat is delicious? It was one of those 




 Part of me feels real bad for the fish guy, but then the other part feels super proud of him for being such a rugged survivor 




 I really had to downplay it. 

"Oh it was pretty good...did a lot of stuff. But...how are you?"

...until I found someone else who wasn't such a downer and I could have a humble-brag to.  




 Yeah, but that is actually a *person* typing those words. Imagine knowing them in real life. I can't comprehend how much of an asshole they would be 









 And here I was just assuming I was actually a boy this whole time! 









 Berfect!! 




 They make me weak (with laughter) 




 Well then it is ~~3/3~~ 3/7 now!

And a new one: Married to Madge 2/3 (66%) 




 Sizzle mo Krizzle 




 Boom, there it is! Totally appropriate then! 




 It does. It is totally healthy and normal too 




 the insult, "bitch" 




 I did some light sleuthing and the insult, "bitch" has been in our language since the 14th-15th century. Does that work in this timeline? 




 "Yep, I'm a genius" 




 Hindsight, of course, teaches us many things, especially the consequences of bad decisions. But the point I was trying to make (and other people in the thread) is that it should have been clear to her that Sydney Road is way too busy to use a child's trailer on. I didn't call her a bad parent and I didn't say she deserved it, I just said it was a fair statement to make. 

Of course, saying that she shouldn't have been on Sydney Rd doesn't help her now, but it is what people are thinking. Maybe if she was thinking to do it again, or someone else, the reaction here might convince them to reconsider that choice. 




 I don't understand the point of that argument 




 She's a tough flower, our Gilly 




 Dat double chin tho 




 ...if he drove off and left her, who knows what they were thinking 




 Because if I do something unsafe in a place where unsafe things can lead to accidents, then I must take some of the blame.

But I do something safe, such as wear a miniskirt and some douche decides to rape me on purpose, then I cannot be blamed.

A rape victim can't change her actions to disuade a rapist...rapists gonna rape. She can't be blamed because he is a horrible POS.

Do you see women in dark alleys and think to yourself "What a stupid woman walking around here...I might rape her"?  




 Yes, because the two senarios are totally comparable

s/ 




 Good...gather them all in one spot. Easier to get them all at once 




 Ok now you are just being silly 




 I read once that rape victims enjoy rape fantasies because this time *they* are in control. They call the shots, they know how much they want or don't want. It is all about putting the power back in their hands.

To feel emotional about real rape is completely normal in the same instance. It isn't fun when it's real 




 Of course the driver was in the wrong, but it is a fair statement to say that a bike trailer is probably not a good idea on a very busy road 




 And Barry White to gently croon to you as you make love to your SO 




 I went out with my dad and his friend last saturday to a bar and they ordered cocktails. Two 60 year old men drinking strawberry daquaris and pina coladas. I felt almost masculine sitting there with my jack n coke 




 Australian here, Abbott is against it but our Opposition leader is pro...so once Abbott is booted we should be getting it 




 It annoys me so much to see how deliberately ignorant some people are. Makes me wonder what other obvious truths they ignore 




 She was usually a safe bet! She had 6 kids! 

Lucky for me she took it well and laughed 




 Not Yara tho... 




 Yes because he is simply never going to publish it...just for lolz 




 One book to find them 




 I want to try to pace it 




 Just make sure you don't come over here  by boat...they don't like that 




 Y'know...I did once run into an old family friend and upon noticing her big belly, exclaimed "Oh! You're pregnant!"


...nope. Tumour. 




 Maybe make it in pairs? I dunno...it would be hard with so many.  




 With that track record you could be rewarded an honourary citizenship over here! 




 Pus in the mouth

#Gag 




 Pools are gross. I have avoid public pools ever since I dove into one and came up with a bandaid on my face. I would only ever trust my own pool and never let anyone else in it 




