 I would love that so much. 

I have found this where it is described as an issue that sometimes occurs. Not sure why people would not be happy about it. 

http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg21328518 




 Unemployment, decrease in tax money and so on... 









 I'm sure I heard it was supposed to be available beginning if Feb 

Edit: sorry, made available by Sony. Of course carriers need some time  




 Why is he trying to sound smart? Im sure the 20 would have been enough as a nice gesture... 




 Well, its doesn't actually use up the 5.9 GB. It just downloads all the files that have to be replaced on your current OS. Then, after you have downloaded it, the files on your OS will be deleted and replaced by the new "updated" ones. This way the update initially needs 5.9GB to save to files that were downloaded, but afterwards, you only end of with however much code they added, which is probably not going to be anywhere near 5.9GB. 

But, yes, if you do not have the 5.9GB available on your phone at the time, do it like you said. If you do have the space available, it makes no difference. 




 Yes, it seems I was. I did not know there was a difference. 
Thanks 




 My question would be, why is it not mentioned in the bible. But I just thought about it. The bible is not written by god, so...
 




 I did not know about young earth boys having a different viewpoint to most creationists. Thank you for clarifying that. 




 But wouldn't it be worth mentioning? 




 The whole thread is a big assumption, no? 




 What if that civilization is older than the bible claims the universe is and they have proof (like books or whatever) ? 




 Well, their civilization could be older (with records of history) than creationists claim the universe is. That would surely be a problem.  














 Correct 




 Then my reply is Austria! 




 Pretty kool 




 It's not over till it's over.  




 I feel like sex adds nothing to the list. I don't think America is particularly open minded when it comes to sex.  




 efficient, not funny 




 I am curious.  




 Schottland 




 I am from Germany, but here I am not sure. Skiing is more Austria, not sure if they have lederhosen though...

I am confused. 




 Canada! 




 UK bruv 




 I did not know you could pirate android apps... 




 You know I like to believe that OP's car is on the left and that his neighbors, knowing how important it is for him to be at work on time, made sure he will not have to waste time on clearing his driveway.  




 Its a 12 day thing:

* Day 1 thread: post the name of a country you would like to see in the contest. Top 10 countries compete

* Day 2 - 11 threads: Each day there will be a thread for one of the top 10 countries. In that thread people can post their favourite songs from that country. Top comment will represent that country in the final stage.

* Day 12 thread: There will only be 10 comments in that thread, all the songs from the past 10 days. Top comment/song wins!

I think it would be fund and would give all of us the opportunity to listen to good songs from certain countries. 

I hope this will work. Of course the rules can be adjusted.  




 Sorry to ask. What's this? 




 I think your work is very very nice. However the quality of the pictures is def something you can improve. I think you would get better exposure if the pics were better. 




 Hey, I added links to my comment above. I hope that is ok for you and enough. 




 I think you can only be too independent in the sense that you don't share the important things with your partner, like going to parties together, sharing your thoughts and worries, talking about the future, etc. You know what I mean? When your partner is not the first person to talk to. I think as long as your partner is your best friend it should be alright.  




 Cool.  




 That price is not low enough! 




 A man of his word! 




 Plastic. 

It is causing damage to the environment and humans. 

Edit: Some articles to support my claim:

[Financial damage is about 13 billion per year cause by plastic waste] (http://www.unep.org/newscentre/default.aspx?DocumentID=2791 ArticleID=10903)

[Here is what happens to animals that mistake plastic for food](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAL9Xvrg3hI)

[Plastic releases a substance called Bisphenol A that is suspected to cause cancer](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/01/080130092108.htm)

[Our planet (especially the oceans) are full of plastic and it does not bio degrade, which means it's not going to go anywhere](http://www.plasticoceans.net/)

[And here is a classic video about bottled water](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Zn0qi80IIY) 




 I agree maximum.

I cannot name any major conflict anywhere on the planet that is unrelated to religion.  




 Profit maximization. 

I can't see how this is going to be sustainable forever. The inequalities are already mind blowing and will only increase. 

But if none of those with wealth and power are willing to give it up, nothing will change, so I guess that nothing will change.  




 My SO has cancer. I'm listening 




 None of those will make you happy if you ask me. 

It's the same with men too. If you're looking for a longterm relationship you need somebody who is selfless, positive, independent, has their own friends and is not lazy. You can't live with a person who constantly complains, never does any work at home, is always sad when you do something by yourself and puts herself first no matter how funny or good looking she is. 

However if you have somebody who loves you, wants you to be happy, is going to do their fair share of work, lifts you up and let's you be yourself, she does not have to be beautiful of super funny but I guarantee you'll still be happy with her. 

Edit: If you're in it for the short term, then I agree with you 100% 




 Independence. 

Nothing makes we want to run away more than a girl who can't do shit for herself.  




 seriously, WHAT?! 




 I work for a company called "something something Industries". My colleague always says "Industry" instead and it drives me nuts.  




 Ads. 

I really don't want to be persuaded to buy shit I don't need.  




 Past Saturday. I was sitting with some friends, all of which are from different countries and we were sharing music from our respective countries. I played a song of a German singer who sings about his dead wife. My girlfriend is very ill and it made me cry.

Needless to say it was a bit awkward for everybody but I didn't care.  




 /u/nasebanaru pointed out that there is a wiki article stating how often Japan has apologised in the past. 

However in that same article there is a section "Controversy" which pretty much explains why this is not jet settled. This sums it up nicely:

Criticisms regarding the degree and formality of apology, issued as a statement or delivered person-to-person to the country addressed, and the perception by some that some apologies are later retracted or contradicted by statements or actions of Japan, among others.

[Article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_war_apology_statements_issued_by_Japan) 




 Fair enough though. If you beat your wife, then apologise and then beat her again I think it is reasonable of her to say that your apology didn't mean shit.  




 Reveal a made up secret like: 

- I fucked your wife
- I am a Russian spy
- I am not your dad
- etc.

Then say "I'm joking"

And just before you die "or am I?" :) 




 I'm a German living in the UK. However the biggest culture shock was coming back to Germany. 

In the UK people say good morning, please and thank you. I am sure not everybody means it, but at least people do that and they try to be friendly. Germans do not care.  




 Fairness is not a thing. Humans invented that concept but nature does not care.  




 Fair enough 




 Im not arguing. From my point of view the Charlie Hebdo stuff (that I also don't find hilarious) at least has a deeper meaning. Those people are trying to influence their follow citizens. That 9/11 joke does not have a deeper meaning. 

This is how I see it.  




 No, not at all. What's the connection between a comic and a picture of a person who is about to die? 




 Personally I feel it is different, because that picture shows one person only who you know to have lost their life after the picture was taken.  




 So that is my problem? I do not *understand* this one? 




 You're right. Some people might find it funny. But let's face it, it's not a killer and therefore I find it unnecessary considering the context. 

I think really offensive jokes need to be really good or they just need to go away.  




 And my children will watch it too. For that exact reason. 

I believe Jack and Daniel together are perfect and need each other. As much as Daniel has perfect morals and ethics, he so often needed Jack to decide how to go about things. Because perfect morals only work in a perfect world. Jack was the realist who made sure to achieve the best, most ethical outcome considering the actual situation they were facing. He always understood Daniel and I believe always agreed with him. But he always pretended to disagreed with Daniel when he had to make difficult decisions. To Daniel it looked like Jack didn't understand but in fact he was protecting Daniel's unshakable faith in the good by taking the responsibility for the sacrifices they had to make. 

 




 So, I don't mind 9/11 jokes if they are good, but that one just isn't funny.  









 And what if that person then insists that they are crazy?  




 But then you've acknowledged it so you yourself are saying that you are crazy  




 I've got no excuse. I even checked for typos  









 Get a girlfriend and move in with her  




 A single man!

Every single time and it is so uplifting.  




 Who's the bald chick?

Edit: Got it

http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article2127686.ece/alternates/s615b/Karen-Gillan.jpg 




 Not sure if you spewak German. Here is an overview of best plans in Germany at the moment. This is from today:

http://www.mydealz.de/40506/die-besten-handytarife-zum-wochenende-der-uebersicht-kw-5/


EDIT: I think this is the one you want. But maybe a problem because you might not be selfemployed.


 Tarifkonditionen o2 on Business XL nur fr Selbststndige, Freiberufler und Kleinunternehmer

Allnet Flat in alle dt. Netze

SMS Flat in alle dt. Netze

10 GB bei 50,0 Mbit/s LTE

120 Freiminuten von Deutschland nach EU, USA, Canada, Russland   Trkei (Festnetz   Mobilnetz)

1000 Frei-SMS in der EU, Schweiz, Norwegen, Canada   USA

500 MB Datenvolumen in der EU, Schweiz, Norwegen, Kanada und USA

Multicard inklusive

Grundgebhr: 18  51,11  (in den ersten 6 Monaten fllt keine Grundgebhr an)

Anschlussgebhr: 0,00  




 Still dont get it 




 Anybody else?  




 What is the benefit then?  




 That would be a good reason  




 No need to torture me. Threaten to cut off my dick and I'll give you anything.  




 Why would they do that?  




 Tiny [swiss knife](http://swissarmyblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/Classic1.jpg).

I love the toothpick, and the scissors.  




 The fact that it starts with the word cool, but written with k instead of c. 

Kool, right? 




 LIAR! 




 So the benefit is that you can now install xposed, right?  




 Would anybody kindly tell me if I can safely root, back up DRM keys, unlock bootloader, install a custom rom and then, in case I don't like it reverse it all to stock rom with full functionality (and root)? 




 Are you a fatty OP? 









 I agree with you. In her defence, I would not risk my life if I was paid minimum wage.  




 Yes, disgusting. 




 I don't get this at all. 




 How did she get there? Why not replace the wheels if she's there anyway?  




 I think you have a point. They could sell based on benchmark results though, right? That would be comparable, right? 




 Thanks. That was helpful  




 I've asked this somewhere else. Why do they sell based on hertz then? That's like selling a car based on horsepower only.  




 So why do they agree to sell based on hertz? What's the point?  




 Brotherhood of the Wolf 




 Cool. Thank you!

Edit: BOOM! I did not expect them to be that pricey.  




 ELI3? 




 Well, I disagree. I am more likely to hire somebody who knows his weakness and will be mindful about it than somebody who thinks he is the boss and can't do any wrong. People like that are horrible to work with and don't want to learn. People who recognize they are not perfect and know where they need to improve are far better and will use more of their potential. 

Edit: Actually this attitude of yours is the reason people won't disclose their weaknesses. 




 Ok, you mean history synchronization? 

I meant stuff like your subreddit list and saved posts.  




 I live in England and I do not think so. Most still think they are amazing. 




 See, you English actually believe that stuff.  




 That is the way I would describe English people. You think everybody is inferior to you because of your past achievements.   




 Germany. Guns and the unwillingness to have any sort of open discussion about whether or not they should be abolished.  




 An accident. What the fuck?! 




 Fair enough.  




 People who answer the question: "What is your biggest weakness?" with :

"I am a perfectionist."

I think it is a sign of a lack of self reflection. I respect people who are able to identify their weaknesses and are willing to work on them. Being honest to yourself is a rare ability.  




 Can you point out a specific example? I am just curious what you are referring to. I personally believe Eastern cultures are just as bad. For example: 

Turkish and the Armenian genocide. 

Japanese and what they have done to Korean and Chinese women.

North Korea

Russian people seem to completely ignore what they are doing in Ukraine at the moment.  




 Post them on /r/StarWars 
They would love some of them. The Star Wars ones obviously... 




 Can I buy them somewhere? 




 I like this because you can share the to-do lists now. 




 Don't they all sync since they are based on your reddit account, which is saved online? 




 I am so weird. I have been using the free version for a long time now and had no problems. Just because you said you paid for it, I just went to the play store and paid for it. I blame you for the fact I will have to drink half a pint of beer less tonight. 









 would you mind uploading the raw file (if you have one)? 




 Exactly. Haven't seen that yet  




 Sales.

If you are buying shit full price you are an idiot. Well, to be honest it is good for me, but all these companies are undermining their credibility by always selling everything half price. How long have they been fucking me before when their competition was not fighting hard for every customer and they were forced to do crazy sales? Also, sale BEFORE Christmas? That didn't exist when I was a child.  




 Like this:

http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/11/17/jaden-and-willow-smith-exclusive-joint-interview/?_r=0 




 But it's not actual help. they give out haircuts or let them have a nice day and then drop them back into the water.  




 What does that even mean? 




 Have you heard about adblock? 




 I think it is pretty clear, that the machine moves through time though because he experiences everything that happens.  




 I did not consider that. But then, at the beginning he travels so slowly, that light would have not been slowed down enough, not to reach my eye anymore.  




 Like I said, I don't know at all. And also like you said we'll probably not find out anytime soon. 

But yes, very interesting. Of course, with different timelines, I think your explanation is better than mine. I simply do not believe in (hope there are no different timelines. 




 What I am wondering is why the flag on his arm is the [wrong way round](http://advancescreenings.com/img/posters/a/american_sniper_t.jpg). 




 Well, I have no analysis. If that is how it works, then the movies is doing it right. I have no proof or argument. I understand your explanation and can understand what you mean. 

So in your mind he is travelling to a time that co-exists with the time you are remaining in, right? He is in the future, you are in the past but both of you exist at the same time, right?

In my mind, there is only "one time". Imagine it as a piece of string. 

--------------------A----------------B-------------------C--------------------

At any given point (A, B or C) in time everybody can be somewhere in space (3 dimensional space) e.g. London, Chicago, etc. Everybody can freely move in that space, but cannot move freely along the string. Everybody moves from A to B to C at the same speed, 1 minute per minute (if that makes sense). Now what the time machine allows the traveler to to is to:

a) travel backwards and forwards

b) travel at different speeds

However, whilst it is traveling through time, it does not travel through space (it remains in London). 

Now from my point of view, whenever two people are at the same point in time and space, they should be able to see each other. That means, when the traveler decides to travel from 8am on 1st Jan 1910 to 8am 1st Jan 1911 and we meet in London at that time, I will of course be able to see him, because we are at the same time at the same place. The only difference is that for me 1 year went by and for the traveler less time went by (however fast he was traveling). 

Now normally we assume that a time machine has to move fast to start the time travel (like in back to the future). When the Delorean starts his journey, he goes really fast before time travel starts. However he also moves in space which is why you cannot see him during time travel. You can only see him again, when he comes back to that same place that he has left from. 

But in The Time Machine the machine does not move in space whilst it is time traveling. I am sure you will agree with my example above where I said (*"That means, when the traveler decides to travel from 8am on 1st Jan 1910 to 8am 1st Jan 1911 and we meet in London at that time, I will of course be able to see him, because we are at the same time at the same place. The only difference is that for me 1 year went by and for the traveler less time went by (however fast he was traveling"*). But everything that traveling from 8am 1st Jan 1910 to 8am 1st Jan 1911 means is to travel from 8am 1st Jan 1910 to 8:00:01am to 8:0:02am to 8:00:03 am and so on, just faster than everybody else. So at each of these points you and the traveler are at the same place at the same time, just that he got there quicker than you. And being at the same place at the same time means, you can see each other.

This is as good as I can explain it.  




