 Missed the launch, but dad was a computer comm major so i was familiar with computers by 3 and changing/upgrading parts by 5 haha 




 I wasn't born until 95', so for me its unfamiliar seeing people say "i remember wanting x-model..." since i build my own custom computers.

While comparing modern computers to past nostalgia, my latest build:

2 GB Asus r7 graphics

16 GB GSkill RAM

3.4GHz Intel i5 fourth gen processor

500 GB Seagate HDD w/ 16 MB cache

250 GB Kingston SSD

Asus z-87 motherboard

650 watt Corsair power supply

3 metres royal blue LED lights inside a beautiful clear side paneled Bitfenix Ronin midsize tower. 




 Thanks, was going off a live recording, couldn't tell. 




 Traditional blues and blues-heavy rock and roll is written that way.

Rock me baby

Rock me all night long

Rock me baby

Honey rock me all night long

Rock me baby

Like my back aint bad no more

-Rock Me Baby 




 Nice job, dancing around and twisting my words. I don't know either way if the levels of CO2 in the atmosphere is good or not (most evidence says its bad), but the way its extracted from the ground is definitely terrible.

Go look up about the Canadian Oil Sands, probably the ugliest scar in my country. Thousands of square kilometres of forests leveled and rivers poisoned to dig black shit out of the ground. 




 In a similar vein, Eight Legged Freaks.

8 year old me watching a "comedy" about your not-so-friendly neighbourhood spiders traumatized me into having arachnophobia.

Webs make me uncomfortable, if I see a spider I go apeshit on it with something heavy, and people who post pictures of common phobias on reddit and social media, fuck you.

Edit: just yesterday someone front paged with about bed checking in Dominican for spiders. 




 My childish bitching and lying? Where did you see that? I'm voicing that from what I've seen, he has no interest in anything but destroying one of the richest environments on the planet in the name of fossil fuels.

And I did not know he won on that platform, which in itself is pathetic on the candidates and voters part.

When said voters realize, "shit, we fucked up," all the changes made will take a while to correct. 




 I assume you think that is normal, which it couldn't be further from. 




 The last five years of my life are a blur, my perception of time is shot. 




 As a Canadian looking in on the situation with your PM, seems like this guy knows hes out next election and just wants to waste as much government time as possible while oil companies line his pockets. So much work needs to be done to revert everything he's done in the last couple years. 




 "Holy shit, I see old Mr. and Mrs. Franks through their bedroom window." 




 Haha some good British wit from my favourite beer! 




 Its still black outside when I'm leaving the house. 




 Get a load of this guy, must be nice having time in the morning to sit and have coffee. 

Gotta get my news on phone while mounting the porcelain throne, shave in the shower, and eat on the bus. 




 |get the butcher to drop off his meat

Heh

 




 In war, the only thing that changes is how deadly the weapons are. 




 Metacritic, search title, read a couple reviews of all ratings to get a feel for pros-cons of the movie.

Sure, this isn't exactly a specific reviewer, but I haven't seen a bad movie (voluntarily) in a long time. 




 Not sure if I want to upvote nearly every comment in this post because I agree, or because its 8 am Christmas day and I haven't slept yet. 




 Ahhh, the great reddit circlejerk phenomenon 




 This is no plane, its a tank with wings! 




 I have to disagree. 4chan is kinda the asshole of the internet.
 




 There is a simple beauty in the political system (name?) that requires executive leaders voted into office to not run big campaigns, or even express desire to have power. 




 I meant subtlety is slow for leveling. All single target burst, no cleave. 




 Alone January 1st, 2013, 2014, will be again 2015. I feel your pain. 




 Full heirlooms, with enchants. Played subtlety because it was supposed to be a pvper before being benched as a side project. Didn't make it level any faster, should have gone combat or assassination for leveling speed. 




 Ehhh, Dragon Soul was pretty cake. Usually told the other tank to go DPS on most fights, and healers to let me heal myself.

Death Knights OP. 




 The true face of SPECTRE! 




 Wait is that Recount..? No, no, no, get rid of it. Skada is superior. Simpler interface, uses way less processing power. Really nice for endgame when graphics and lag tend to go to shit (I don't have lag myself). 




 Im pretty sure I will never do LFR this expansion. Taking 3 hours out of my day for a chance at loot I'll probably get that night in heroic raiding while dealing with the other 90% of WoW population.

The golden rule of building a raid team; recruit ~100 players, run tryouts, because 90% of them have an IQ of 4. 




 Pretty slow is an understatement. Im a pretty shit rogue but it took less than 3 or 4 days to hit 90 before WoD. 




 Ohhh I missed a reference, my bad 




 Its a joke. I enjoy and respect the man's talent. 




 Something something allegedly? 




 Everyone I try to get into the game always quits so early. They barely leave starting zones and give up. The world is (generally) better the further in you get. 




 Which is called a steel 




 Ugh, not this. My mother has this awful habit where if I say something that accidently offends her, its my fault she was offended. If she offends me, I'm either overreacting, or its my fault I didn't see it her way. 




 How...? I don't remember anything from a lecture on human behaviour yesterday. 




 It varies with every brand and type of knife. Cheap knives are made to not be sharpened, because they're essentially disposable. Good brands like Henckels, Victorinox, and Global are standard edged, so just put the blade 12* to the stone.

Some other notes, I prefer water stones because its a little quieter, but you end up with water all over the counter (not a big deal).

As well, there's two common styles of sharpening, European and Asian/Japanese. Basically European starts with the block lengthwise towards you, and sharpened by dragging the heel of the blade towards and to the side of you, to get the whole blade. Japanese is faster, but trickier. Take the knife in a good grip and use a chiselling motion from tip to heel (holy hell don't stab the stone and break the knife!).

I like to start Japanese on a rough stone to start with a new edge, then work up over three grades of stones with European. Every few strokes run your thumb perpendicular the blade to check for a lip. If there's one you oversharpened one side. And use the steel rod to finish. And keep using it when using knives a lot. I run my French knife over steel every 15-20 minutes of continuous use. 




 Long story short, loss of tax revenue and it would exile parts of eastern Canada. 




 If anything people who get plain diamonds should envy something different. Originality is nearly dead these days, and the single reason diamonds are worth anything is because its a monopoly business. Literally one company says they're expensive, therefore jewellers charge a lot. 




 Did he run out of mana potions...? 




 Pretty sure I'm the only one on the planet that thinks both bands are rolling in overrated mediocrity. 




 Take that back, you sick bastard!! Those fairies aren't worthy of being in the same sentence as The Stones. 




 Professional cook here, if the knife in question makes a lot of noise during sharpening, the person sharpening is doing it wrong.

On rough grits it should sound quieter than walking on gravel, smooth grits shouldn't make any noticeable sound.

If you mean running the edge over the steel rods, that is the most satisfying sound we love to hear in the kitchen. That doesn't sharpen the knife, it straightens the blade, and should sound gloriously smooth if sharpening was done right. 




 As in hammering sheets of steel...? Or when a rock get stuck between the brake pad and disk? 




 I felt that scrape the inside of my skull... 




 I automatically assume people that do that have a below average intelligence, because it's often caused by shitty posture and bad style (usually skate shoes with pants belted below the ass). 




 I wanted something more subtle, so every text and notification gives me a "blub blub!" 




