 interesting  




 I don't hide it

I can't 




 Straight bio at one point, a film about his capture at another

Confused  









 yep 




 cool, any others? 




 wut 




 It's bad.  




 ta 




 Confusing  




 he's not wrong  




 Blow Out

Well. watched it about 2 months ago, me, g 2 friends

across the board hated the film

 




 I'd need an explanation for many of these but interesting none the less  




 -2 for answering politely and with thought

this fucking sub - childish fanboys everywhere, fucking pathetic 

and they don't even fucking know they are as well which is the truly disturbing thing  




 what a dumb

only reason to watch brazil  




 pathetic

 




 I am still confused.  




 What part exactly ?  




 Watching Interstellar gave me pregnant.  









 land of the free

 




 ah sure 




 spent a month in santiago, stunning city the old city is just amazing, lovely people, really nice compared to other parts of spain, yeah food awesome

next place I want to visit in spain is Galicia again

funny the sea inside is on tv tonight here, amazing film 




 I lived in carabanchel (not the prison) and there was two bars near us. One was jammed, chepa, the other had a drunk owner, his wife, much smaller considering the apartments around

Jesus the food

one day cause I was the drunken irish regular TEFL teacher guy they gave me deer stew for free

ridiculous 

I know the wages are shit (my ex has a chemistry masters and worked a government job for 600 a month - some people dont get that part) but fuck it was great

walking around, in the heat, looking at stuff, have a beer somewhere, bottles of tequilla in the chino for 5 or 6 quid. crazy 

spanish deli opened near me, the guy who runs it lived two metro stops down from me too, world is small
 




 yeah, it's a weird one, a sag necessary release that was never going ot be in the cinema Vs. a film that has somewhat of a release worldwide

interesting stuff canuck  




 You could seriously just eat in the pub there, so good, sound slike you have a great life

sigh
  




 friend over there now doing camino

just texted me

9 quid, starter, main, bottle wine, bit of dessert

fuck me

wasn't that cheap in madrid 

 




 yeah I am thinking it is because HR is saying 10-15 screens? 




 I didn't I was just showing the actual record.

The HR report seemed to have a minimum of 10-15 screens as a necessary condition.

Either way I was just putting more info in. Silly me.  




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zyzzyx_Road 














 I took 30 minutes coming up with that answer 




 you can't argue with people on here

snowflake have it all generation

so profoundly ignorant it makes you reconsider humanity  






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































