 I might be underestimating the price a bit, but yeah buy a small or used set for starters.  Cheaper than Lego, that's for sure. 




 Repost 




 Probably $180 for 4 sets.  Rocket Boost Roller Coaster is the best bang for your buck in terms of track pieces

 









 Warner Brothers is possibly doing an FNAF movie 









 That was great 




 The ride has an automatic shutdown if measured wind speeds are too high 




 That was beautiful. 




 I made a video in Santa Monica once and everybody online says "Oh my gosh!  The beach from GTA V!"  Haha, I wonder how many real-world things people are introduced to in video games. 









 What if we could go all the way from 1% screenshot to 100% screenshot? 




 https://xkcd.com/1373/ 









 Yes I think he says that in the description.  He points out that the main difference is that his model's lift wheel is hollow, allowing the track to pass through it 









 Sick reference bro 




 Isn't every color section 50 feet high?  That's what my dad told me.  




 Isn't the same true of amusement park attractions?  Most accidents are user error, operation error, or mantainence error.  Very few times is it the fault of the machine. 




 Right, that's what I meant.  Sorry used a double negative in that last sentence 




 Beautiful 




 I love ending movie scenes where the camera dollies out.  Great way to close 




 A helicopter is probably less safe because of wind and how close the helicopter would have to get to the tower.  Plus it's more expensive 









 With a drone.  The guy's YouTube channel is sweet https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVh4MBwjxHFc2Wvz_n3fQww 









 My friend works the drop tower ride at Knott's and has to keep an eye out for falling cell phones during the entire ride operation.  Says it hurts his neck after a while! 




 They used a drone for this video but I wonder what a helicopter would have looked like.  Probably couldn't have safely got as close to the tower as the drone 




 Geez that's crazy how most of the incidents are on towers less than 300 feet high.  Maybe because there are more towers in the US around that height but still it doesn't seem like higher height doesn't mean more injuries. 




 You can tell if a shot is a zoom in/out if the background and foreground change at the same rate.  If background is staying the same but the foreground is changing, it is x-axis camera movement.  Only exception is when you combine movement and a zoom, when it is possible to make the foreground stay the same while the background changes. 




 It's a clear signal that he loves his job 









 Definitely not 









 Nice.  Bummer about Amazon 









 Thanks!  But when you say that cinema evolves... I know that different aspects of the presentation change, but overall I would say that the standards for a great movie have changed very little over the past 100 years. 




 I get that all the CDs below Discovery are the singles but why are there two Human After All CDs? 




 I made a response below to user "andupitt" about the psychiatrist scene, can you check it out?  Sorry it's pretty long 




 Thank you sir.  It hasn't ever been posted to Reddit that I know of, so no, it's not a repost.  Though I did make the original Imgur post in January.

Have a good day 




 I think that the final psychiatrist scene in Psycho is crucial, because it offers the audience the false hope of fully explaining the plot.  It gives the audience a chance to laugh at themselves and relax, convinced that the whole ordeal was simply an illusion... only to find themselves face to face with the gruesome reality after the psychologist is done.

Using Hitchcock's roller coaster metaphor, the entire movie is a ridiculous roller coaster that leaves the entire audience out of breath.  If you cut out the psychiatrist scene, you cut out the brake run and dump the audience off in the station before they've even got their wits back.  It would be like hitting a brick wall while going sixty miles an hour.  So the psychiatrist scene slowly brings the audience's energy from sixty miles an hour down to a slow crawling speed for a minute, and then gives them one last jerk as the train comes to a stop and we see Norman's face superimposed with the skull/car.

The same rules apply for movies and roller coasters: you want to push the boundaries as far as they can go, but you want to keep people reasonably comfortable in the process.  Unlike roller coasters, movies won't kill audiences if they are designed poorly, but it's important to remember that you never want to leave a bad taste in people's mouths.  While modern directors like to end a movie right when the audience is still on the edge of their seats (Nolan's Inception is a good example), I kind of admire the classic directors who were able to use their filmmaking power to efficiently guide an audience in and out of an intense movie.

Also, Hitchcock considered the psychiatrist scene one of his "icebox scenes".  His theory was that when moviegoers come home, they are inevitably going to grab some snacks from the fridge and talk about the movie for a bit.  This scene gives moviegoers something to talk about, or at least a springboard for understanding the rest of the movie.  It's the old "audiences are stupid" scene that Hitchcock was fond of; it explains the plot of the movie so that viewers can't complain afterwards about the its logic but can just talk about their favorite parts of the story.

If you think this scene really is bad let me know, but for me it's one of my favorite scenes in the movie because of the delicious irony of "modern" psychology attempting to explain what almost seems to border on the supernatural.  My non-film roommate enjoyed the movie and said afterwards, "Isn't it nice that they explain everything for you?"  I had to laugh because the scene hardly explains anything.  Other similar dissonant ending scenes would be the "isn't nature beautiful" helicopter ride at the end of Jurassic Park or the nonchalant "we've got top men working on it" government scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark.  These scenes tie up the pretty little bow of the story all too neatly, making the audience want to watch it again and get to the heart of what the movie was really about. 




 I just watched Clue last night and I was surprised that pretty much the whole movie is the characters verbally explaining the plot.  Almost scene was them talking about either the backstory of the movie, what had just happened in the movie or what was going to happen in the movie. 














 So behind your back is actually in front of your face 









 That's true. The first game is still the creepiest for me just because it's harder to keep track of four animatronics than just one.  Also the first game is the only one with doors, which gives you that false sense of security, while the other two games keep you on edge almost constantly and thus have less suspense 




 I like his videos cos they are better tan every sin else on the internet 




