 why iOS 6 ? 




 truth is, the engine started ! 




 Yes, in the end it all comes to that :D I'm waiting for the new model since I don't work in the Summer but if you need a machine now, it's definitely a great computer and you won't regret it ! 




 Got it, it's a nice feature. 




 I'll tell them I've bought an Harley Davidson 




 I think it's the best looking golf ever 




 Hammond called Jezza idiot instead of ape, interesting 




 Clarkson and his presents, so original 




 skylake will have better performance compared to haswell/broadwell. The current model uses haswell cpus, the new ones will be a bit faster, as usual, and have better efficiency ! My bet is the new skylake macs will have a new design since thunderbolt 3 uses usb-c and Apple loves thunderbolt. 




 My bet is the middle of the pond 




 I'll give it a try, thnks  




 Why the downvotes ? I was saying what they always say 




 I know the new early 2015 13" MacBook is pretty much silent. Sure it'll become audible if you push it. you'll hear the noise but it's not intrusive   




 Only Apple ahah 




 the 12'' MacBook would be better for your Portability and lightness priority. However, you'll have to pay for it,  and for the same price you can have the retina MacBook which is faster and is also very portable 




 My iPhone is jailbroken and it lasts over 2 days. Sure it's not used intensively but it has WiFi enabled all the time, LTE occasionally, a few tweaks and themes with Winterboard. You can try it, if you dislike having it, just restore it 




 Do you have to tap in the corner to go back ? If you have, it's not easy to reach the top corner 




 They're very similar, we can argue until the world ends but it's just a question of OS 




 they will break another record with the new iPhone  




 why did you took so long in the shower ? Well, I was calculating the profit Apple made every second in the last quarter 




 if you say something and no one hears it, does it mean you didn't say anything ? 




 Springtomize 




 don't need DFU, just hit restore from backup in iTunes 




 update to the beta instead of restoring, and you're good to go 




 the new one is expected, as usual, in October 




 in these cases more is always better but i've used a 2014 13'' rMBP with 8GB of Ram and it handled photoshop and illustrator at the same time pretty well. Sure, if you open more apps it'll start to compress memory but the ssd is so fast it doesn't slow down 




 upgrade the ram if you can, you'll see minor gains in the cpu though 




 [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1lLlBNzGC78ETjzcSaTpkugLUBqB2wQa2__gxDc10Yl0/htmlview?sle=true pageId=103881257180359508489 pageId=116587378827899317556) 




 I used Alfred in Mavericks, but I stopped using it when Yosemite came out with the new spotlight 




 Since you said you're computer is dying and running hot and slow I guess it'd make a difference ... The 15'' macbooks are crazy fast 




 That's a missing feature for me... I'm currently jailbroken because there are many things too simple in iOS and that is one of them 




 You're right, they're expensive not to buy but to maintain ... But I think BMW makes better, more reliable and efficient cars than Alfa, they seem to put more thought into it 




 I'll give it a try. I asked because there are a ton of writing programs 




 It's a classic "feature", it's been there since the original ... The problem is the border at the top has to be the same size  




 4.7 inches are perfect... Just reduce those borders and it might be possible to fit a larger display in the same phone  




 Why there's no different sound volumes for calls, alarms, reminders ? I want to have the sound of calls louder than my alarms... The iPhone surprisingly doesn't allow me to do it... After 9 iterations its still not possible  




 How does Alfred stack up with the new spotlight ? 




 Transmission is too much minimalistic  




 Why iA writer is the best you have ever used ? 




 You upgrade what you can afford 




 you cannot upgrade the ram in any MacBook 




 you cannot upgrade the ram in any MacBook 




 the next 15'' will definitely have Skylake the question is if it's going to be released in 2015 or early 2016 ... I'm praying for October, iPad event 




 I'd love to see longer episodes of those specials ... TopGear is (was) so much more than cars! 




 if the 16GB of RAM weren't enough I don't know what to do since you cannot have more than that! :D The 6100 works well with Photoshop, sure the 15'' will be faster and so on, but it depends on what kind of work you do. It'd be a great buy. It's the sweet spot between power and portability 




 That RS6 I referred is the "old" model. The 2015 Audi A6 Avant is beautiful ... I don't know if ABT have tuned it. 




 I understand what you mean. The E46 was really about the engine, the E92 was more civilized. The new one I think they're ugly ... I prefer the M4, it's a great car inside as it is on the outside and it has a great engine. The interior of this Alfa is nice, but I don't like how they are on the outside with tar triangular grill 




 that 50cal lighter :D 




 Sure, but I'd rather have a BMW than an Alfa 




 We're all forgetting about the Christmas special, from Iraq to Bethlehem 




