 So is spelling. 




 Or give it a Coca-Cola. 




 May the fourth be with you. 




 Shh, patience... 




 especially after having to deal with shitty Apple products on a daily basis for several years

You know, you do have a choice to buy other phones right? 




 An innuendo would not be one if you didn't understand it.  So therefore the thought was already in your head.  All he did was make you consciously aware.  




 It's never bothered me. I've earned my red wings more than once.  




 Actually you can.  I'm at work so I'm not going to search for it but maybe someone will chime in.  




 Huntington Beach? 

Edit: thanks for the gold.  




 I expected this. 




 Good job, but the funny thing about real life is, your GPA doesn't mean shit in a few years. 




 It was the juice cleanse that dealt the final blow. 




 Hey, you've already done all the hard work so whatever intern picks up your story will look like they are smart and did some work. 




 The pictures are eerily similar to how the 4th dimension was depicted in the film Interstellar. Which would be accurate since space (x,y,z axes) is 3 dimensions and time being the 4th. 




 I used to try and butcher people's names as much as possible because I knew it would give them something to instagram about,  so that they can feel that the people following them online really give a shit about anything they have to post about. 




 Gaytheist

FTFY 




 Looks like an intimate crowd.  Those are fun shows to play. 




 But was the weed even good? 




 Mitch, 2pac   biggie dropping a collab. 




 Too soon... 




 Pulling out is not the best contraception method. 

Waiting for TIFU and got my girlfriend pregnant post. 




 Too bad OP is a liar

http://imgur.com/q1Qz49i 




 they got kicked out for looking too young even with proper id

The fuck 




 Muricunts 




 You should see the patient transfers.  




 Yeah.  Everybody knows that you triple bag it. 




 Bigotry is learned.  




 Come on babe

(   ) 




 It's not lupus. 




 It's all ~~protein~~ brotein , bro!

And if you jizz in a frying pan, it fries up just like egg whites. Or so I've heard... 




 I'm going to, er, "confer" with my gf and check back tomorrow. For science!  




 You should taste it and see!  




 Sorry, I should have, expanded on that. (I don't think I've been on Reddit that long) 




 You lie!  




 What the hell is that?  




 Swedish cop mafia 




 When will they learn? No texting and flying! Damn kids! 




 Hey Jim, I love your character in The Big Bang Theory. Can you tell us how it's like to work with a hottie like Kaley Couco?  




 Or fearing that her parents might pick up the line while you're having a phone sex session. 


3 way ftw! 




 You compare the act of running a red light to the crime of shooting someone.

Does running a red light constitute a crime? Is it an immoral act? 




 Oooooo, I got this reference. Although I don't remember from where.  




 Awesome! This is great for road trips since you can stream from Spotify.  




 I have an office job so I listen to tracks at work. 




 If you can't discover new music on Spotify, there must be something wrong with you. 

There are tons of playlists to explore.  




 Some of the top earners make in the millions.  




 That was his cell phone.  




 Aw, I hate it when that happens.  




 I'm more shocked that the most expensive thing on the menu is under $5 US dollars.  




 Saving up for a week in order to afford coffee? You can make enough money for coffee in an hour of panhandling. 




 Google the MTV show "Jersey Shore" to get an idea of what American Italians are like.  




 Spreading a rumor requires that you know a network of people who will listen to you. 




 At a restaurant?  




 This question, or a form of this question, pops up every week in this subreddit.  




 There's 3 kinds of mothers that I don't mess with.  Mother nature, mothers in law, and mother fucking Samoans.  




 Booze alone doesn't cause fights.  Booze + insecure egos = fights.  




 ONE OF US. ONE OF US. ONE OF US. 




 Whoosh! 




 TIL I am a Greek god. 




 That's a lot of sunshine.  




 I live in California,  so yeah.  




 Well you better start getting active on the social media pages then. Go to the event page on Facebook and post on the wall that you have tickets for tomorrow's show. 




 Or just eat varied food that is cheaper than ramen. It's not impossible to develop a diet for yourself that is cheaper than ramen, just requires a little bit of effort.

You talk a big game, but I seriously doubt you can put your money where your mouth is. 

 




 You've been djing for 5 years and you don't have enough of a following (or a group of friends) to which you can sell 20 tickets?  




 I got a pocket, got a pocket full of sunshine. 




 Oy vey 









