 Vermont flannel co make great quality flannels for under $100.  I've done factory work in mine many days a week for the past 2 winters.  Make sure you size way down, this is an x-small..I'm 5'11 155 lbs

http://imgur.com/w3A2tjI  

 




 Were they women you knew before and then after, or just recently met.  Sometimes a sudden complete change in looks can be a bit jarring for old friends.  If you just met them, don't worry about it.  Maybe they just like men that wear sandals with ae bootcuts, and you don't really want those types to be hanging around anyhow. 




 There is a game in this file/disc 10 out of 10.

900p minus 1 point.

30fps minus 1 point.

Consensus 8 out of 10.

Objective reviews are really fun to read right? 

Essentially, cosign! 




 They must have caught up on the 08-09 GPU failing class action lawsuit.  
edit:07-08 and it was an nvidia class action, my bad.  But here's a source from that if anyone was interested.

http://appleinsider.com/articles/10/09/29/07_08_macbook_pros_included_in_nvidia_class_action_settlement 




 These ones, but i mean those boxing ones are pretty damn hype.. heh
http://www.highsnobiety.com/files/2014/10/alexander-wang-hm-collection-39-960x640.jpg 




 Jusdan rules 




 Fair point, didn't even think about the generational leap.  I like the idea of expansions mainly because if you have friends that don't buy them right away you can all still technically party together albeit on old content.

I would like to see their numbers though on what would sell to a higher % of the current user base.An expansion or a sequel.  I know people still haven't made the leap towards accepting a digital only purchase. 




 An expansion is not a sequel.  Everquest has survived 16 years and is still making expansions.  Their sequel flopped horribly.  World of Warcraft has thrived for 10 years, and making world of warcraft 2 would be a mistake.

Obviously in an expansion you will use the characters you have right now, so why make a sequel? 




 Confirmed? there has been a lot of hearsay but I hadn't heard any confirmation.  I don't see any reason to make a sequel, it will just fragment the community. 




 Those gloves look nice 




 Resin in a crack pipe will probably get you possession if narcotics, especially if you are a common offender.  Plus if the bike was over $400 it's larceny, class A misdemeanor 3-5 years, I believe. 




 So when 40k people are trying to watch a world class dota2 tournament they will get sent to random small streamers?

  I don't care for a lot of the huge streamers (daily streamers) but telling people what they can and cannot watch is crazy.  Imagine if Comcast sent viewers of the breaking bad finale to pbs to spread viewers out more evenly, the internet would lose their shit. 




 Yea I'd like to see more stuff like this in the community, really glad I got one. 




 Thanks, I'm really happy with it. 




 There is only 1 game that is free on ps+ this month that is also offered on the psnow service.  I understand that their streaming technology probably costs them an insane amount of money, but offering that 1 game as a free to stream game from October 8 to November 5 wont bankrupt Sony.  They could put a countdown timer on the games icon, similar to the countdown on pre-loads.  "This game will expire on this date, if you want to keep playing you can rent it."

Offering this would also get people involved in the psnow ecosystem, if they play that one game for free and see that it works really well they are more likely to go in and spend money to rent things. 




 Haha wow, didn't think I was being that illogical. 




 It would be nice if ps+ subscribers could stream it for free from the first wed in October until the first wed in November. 




 I like the ps4 controller better, and my ps4 is in my living room.  It would be nice if I could stream it there, rather than bringing my ps3 back and forth between rooms.  




 Launch ps now, scroll down to the game that is currently on promotion on ps+ and instead of saying rent for 90 days for X-price it would say stream for free X days remain on promotion.
  
People would realize they were streaming the now version because they launched now to get the game.  Im pretty sure people are reasonably comfortable with launching the store and getting their free games for the month, so how much confusion would it cause.


Im not saying its the perfect solution, or that there is even a perfect solution.  But it would spread more good will towards their ps+ subscribers. 




 consistency across sony platforms is the key though.  It would be nice if ps+ subscribers could play the game via psnow for the duration of the ps+ promo.   




 they are both sony owned services, they should be able to control pricing on services they provide. 




 It would be cool if they would even let you play the game on ps now free for the duration of the psplus promotion.  If you are a psplus sub that is. 




 It's free with PlayStation plus, which I have.If I want to play it on ps4 my only option is to rent it for 6.99. Just saying consistency across psnow and ps store would be pretty nice. 









 12, Camera was angled a hair so they look huge.  Wish they were smaller though. Heh 




 Thanks, the shoulders are a hair narrow but the rest is pretty spot on. 









 50 tops.  15 for the games, 30 for the nes, 5 for the accessories. 




 I'd check and see if they have a dress code, and what it is.  Cap toe shoes/boots, or chukkah boots should be fine.  If you can get in wearing denim then go for the darkest blue denim you can find, go with slim or slim tapered.  You might feel weird if you are used to baggy denim, but you will look better.(so long as you really are slim, also depending on how tall you are).If jeans are a no go then try some slim chinos.  Personally I'd wear a slim cut button down, no tails so you don't have to keep it tucked in depending on if the rest of the crowd is tucked vs. Untucked.


Posting some shots of yourself will also help people guide you a bit better, and definitely check the dress code.You don't wanna be the one that keeps your group from getting in, unless you are rolling in with like 10 girls.then you might get in wearing your pajamas. 




 Good to hear, and another cheap security option.get an adt security sticker and put it on the door.  A petty thief probably won't risk calling your bluff when there are plenty of doors out there that don't say adt.  

My bike lives in my living room, but I have the luxury of living by myself. 




 http://imgur.com/a/Xi4uM
Managed to grab some 3t ergo drops and an angled origin stem for $20. Craigslist deal.  I've got big hands and got the hand numb thing every time I hit 15+ miles with the vintage 38cm drops (no flats).

  I know the aesthetic doesn't quite fit, but I plan on getting a new frame set this winter.  Something my size, and black. 




 That sucks.  You might want to show the receipt for your new bike to your building manager.  Don't be a dick, you don't wanna get on his bad side.  Maybe he will cut you a deal on rent.  At the very least he might consider improving basement security.  You could even try to get some of those fake security cameras.most petty criminals won't bother to risk stealing right in front if what looks to be a camera.

Best of luck! 




 I've been thinking about it, just for comfort.  Did you remove the lever so it's just the hood? 




 Left leg faded, right leg brand new.  Classic look. 




 Dang, I'll be in Montreal the 11th-13th.  :( 




 Soldier of fortune 2 




 mannn those combs
 




 The crotch is sagging about knee level 




 Wearing your pants that low is cheating.. 




 I had to get long reach tektro brakes in my recent conversion.  The arms can be set between 55-70 mm I believe.  And you will probably have to drill your fork for recessed bolts on modern brakes.  That's what happens when you go from 27 wheels to 700mm 




 Send em to self edge to get repaired XD. Never take the deal. 




 The men's stuff is hot garbage.  Gonna have to check out the woman's symmetrical and bootleg ass HARE tunnel neck sweaters in person. 




 Gap makes very durable, good looking windbreakers.  They might retail fairly high, but I picked one up off season for $8 on clearance.  You might want to check that out once the weather gets cold.  I figure your student might like wearing a jacket that is a similar material. 




 Should have bought a ps3 and that version of Destiny and kept smoking. 




 Vermont flannel co.flannel,
3sixteen st, Brown cdb's.

Getting cold again finally
 




 I found it comparable to kara or 10 man nax.  Certainly not end game progressing in wow.  The tricky part is the fact that the vast majority of people trying have never been involved in anything like it.
It's amazing that they managed to make a fun fps raid with a few relatively interesting mechanics. Been interesting stepping up to be somewhat of a raid leader dad and guiding people through mechanics though. 




 The asteroids moved, they wouldn't burn in like Pac man where everything was stationary. 




 I've been seeing a lot of people lately riding around with horns and drops that aren't taped.  Trying to understand why, lazy? Better road feel?  It just seems like it would be really uncomfortable. 




 That Hodor 




 Agree, I think they have better fits than the gap solid color t's.  Im pretty partial to my jcrew v necks though 




 They scale it well and all drops are geared towards your level.might as well cut the player base in half right? 




 I have a void rocket launcher but using that was hopeless, didn't even think of trying a large machine gun.it would probably speed things along, or at least it wouldn't hurt. Thanks for the advice. 




 I've played about 50 hours and am in all legendary gear except for my boots.  Tonight is the first time I've even been in the crucible.  Personally I like learning patterns and killing bosses.  To be honest this is the first time I've ever played a competitive first person shooter on a console.  It would be another story if I could plug in a mouse and keyboard 




 Limiting somebody to one specific type of damage, I find myself sitting in the corner with my void shotgun waiting for someone to run by to kill rather than being on the field helping my team.  I don't want to be in any danger because that makes my bounty slower to complete.  When I'm out of shotgun ammo rather than helping the team with another gun I'm running to find more special ammo, because kinetic kills are pointless.


I would rather do 100 strikes without dying than play one crucible match, not because I think the pvp is bad but because I don't like pvp in games.  I appreciate the fact that Bungie made exotic weapons bounties difficult to complete, they shouldn't be a cake walk but they have seperate pvp and pve vendors.  This means you should obviously specialize and primarily concentrate on one or the other aspect. Why not have separate pvp and pve exotic bounties?


I feel bad being in part of the game I don't want to be in riding the bottom of the leader boards, hopefully people are angry about this.  If someone was doing a strike with me stuck using only a shotgun I'd be pissed.
Sorry for this rant, but at this rate I'll be bringing down my team for over 500 matches... great. 




 I think everyone is instanced based on geographic locations.  Everyone I've met so far lives within an hour from me.  I don't much care for that, but it is what it is.
Edit.probably to help with latency 




 Tragedy khadafi and pharaoh monch. Shaped modern rap quite a bit in the late 80s.  Capone n noreaga did really interesting collab work in the mid 90s.   Ra the rugged man is really interesting, especially his work with biggie.  Cage's life story is out of control, his movies for the blind album might be worth digging into.  Oh and epmd before Capone and noreaga. 




 I'm guessing amour is rarer at higher levels, because it's how you level up.  Special weapons vs other weapon drops is probably just bad rng 




 A lot of cs:go streamers will play cs for the majority of their time streaming, every now and again they will play a round or two of something else to kill time and or wait for someone who may be afk or whatever.  Don't really see a problem with stuff like that, although I havn't really experienced anything extremely flagrant or excessive.
Plus changing the name of your stream is usually really temperamental for me, it seems to say I'm playing whatever twitch wants me to be playing. 




 How much will people willingly pay per month year round to watch a single tv show....  




 Xexyz was one of my favorites growing up, figure I'd throw it in because it isn't an obvious response. 




 Run your game in a window, and stream just the game.rather than a whole desktop screen region.  A second monitor would be way more optimal though. 




 ArmaniXchange=/= Armani 




 But you can guide this youth, and make sure he doesn't make the same mistake.  As for you... Don't wear sneakers to your wedding, in-laws hate that sort of thing. ;) 




 Just not to prom. 




 Cargo shorts and a tank top breh breh... 




 Marketing, and adequate testing. 




 Around 6th or 7th my school had a computer with sim ant.  Real rough life. Haha 




 Try http://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion/ 




 Polygons... My grade school had black monitors with green text... :( 




 Suspect website.  
Edit: they also wouldn't release that info the day before the ps4 version was released.  They want to sell more copies, not less. 




 Sure thing, on vacation until tomorrow so I only have my phone.  Once I'm back by my computer I'll send you a pm. 




 If you're gonna be in Boston let me know,I can throw you together a list depending on your style and budget. 




