 Cool, thanks for your insight. Cheers on being a better person. :) 

"quit all news 5 years ago"

On reddit. 

Hows that going for you? Where do you base your...oh forget it you've got it all figured out.  




 You dont watch morning news, do you?  




 thanks Einstein.  




 No, that's not why. Why is this upvote so much.  




 My ex girlfriend lived in two states in her 40 years of life. Jersey and Oregon. Imagine it.  




 Wrong. Old laws.  




 I just want my local morning news. That's it. It's a ritual for waking up showering getting ready etc.  




 Whatever, *dude*.  




 Yep. This part sucks.  




 Northern is key. I'm in Southeast. You're probably closer to Hartford metro.  




 Edward 40 hands it is.  









 http://www.antennaweb.org/ says i can only really get two channels which are both the same ION.  




 that it is plausible but when talking to some people and a guy at best buy who tried it said it just doesnt happen.  I guess the amount of trees and hills it just wont work.  




 I am now realizing that I wont even be able to get my local channels even if I buy a digital antenna. The only reason I kept cable for as long as I did was for AMC (Walking Dead, Better Call Saul and Mad Men which is over) and my local NBC news station. Everywhere I've looked I wont be able to reach them. 

I am in Connecticut. Anyone else have a work around for the local broadcasts? The loss of AMC was something I was going to have to work around but not having my local news really sucks. It's a big part of morning and nightly routines. 

Thanks for reading.  




 I really am going to miss getting the local channels. We cut cable as of yesterday and none of the stations are in reach of me. I'm in Connecticut not east bumble fuck Nebraska.  




 yep thanks but same as always. I get 12 stations from 2 channels. ION and ION. I'm screwed. And I live in Connecticut not like im in some out in the middle of nowhere bumblefuck. 




 I cut cable on this love. (just moved know yesterday) and I'm afraid a digital antenna isn't going to reach my local stations. Super bummed.  




 Well, I would certainly hope it was.  




 Forget that you're about to board a plane with a pistol?  




 Got a love forgetting where you put your gun.  




 You may want to record yourself and listen to what you say.  




 It's Sunday. Get out before you lazy ass and mow the lawn.  




 You do realize it's reality TV? So, it's not exactly real.  




 sayin- j-rock 




 ...well this is the only mention of SFU in this thread with 1600 comments... 




 slow down, there.  




 pompano 120, right? Same here. Had it for going on 3 years now.  




 pompano 120? 




 Iluminurtr  




 Heard this on npr yesterday and figured it would make it here.  




 The only word needed for this video.  




 You did.  




 yep, perfect. did the trick. Man, this screen is phenomenal.  




 oh awesome thank you. freaking loving this device.  




 Does anyone have the same issue or know of this? Videos load on youtube fully so its not a loading or buffering issue. Video is choppy and pretty much unwatchable.  




 emp? 




 When are they not on sale? 

You ever seen a mattress store that didnt have a huge "BLOWOUT SALE" banner?  




 Before we know it truck beds will be 2 feet long.  




 Now, is this all private property? 




 Oh, I can only imagine. I just got the take home test to see what my issue is but it's all pointing to apnea.  




 ? 




 im sure i will but the thought of having to wear this thing every night is none to pleasant. 




 Plex system?  




 Yep. About 5 years ago I went and watched the remainder of the Doors play. It was phenomenal.  




 Eddie Money at the Wolf Den? Damn right.  




 Car?  




 Tough to tell guitar footage of the bull runs. 




 buy and eat steak from a [$1 store](http://imgur.com/a/VnWuD) 




 Still?  




 [beware of this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr7u345D3xc) 




 just bought one tonight at best buy. on it for not not more than ten minutes and love it so far. it does what it's supposed to....and well. 




 How about the s5? I'm due for an upgrade in November and will probably just go to that.  




 Hmmm, how much did it cost to build? HD? 




 Thank you. I'm just getting into this and realize I need to find an antenna thats going to reach the NBC one in New Britian from where I am. Thank you for that link. 

Luckily I have a smart tv and amazon prime and netflix already. I also have a comcast account I can access. Currently going from Comcast to Metrocast and not as good of pricing.  




 cutting the cord on June 1st. All I'm worried about is The Walking Dead. 

How has the HD Antenna worked out for you. I plan on doing the same for local news etc. What state are you in? I'm in Connecticut. 




 I was only subscribed for AMC for The Walking Dead and Mad Men. Now that Mad Men is over I'm cutting the cord but don't know how I'm going to watch The Walking Dead. I do still have a comcast login password from a previous house that still works. Will I be able to catch up the next day with that? 




 damn skippy. 




 I've got 12 bucks and this is the perfect thread to use up some of that cashola! 




 been using it for a couple years now.  




 The Place is a lot of fun. Bring your own table wares, sides of food, booze etc.  




 she was wearing the '13 outfit. Shit brought her back in time.  




 over the ten year I lived in Seattle I used that thing once...when my mom was visiting. A touristy thing.  




 I had a grey cat like that but fluffier. He loved to play catch. His name was Chicken. RIP Chicken.  




 is there a gif of him in the empty apartment looking around? Thats how i felt. 




 Crazy! As i started reading this I thought you saw my uncle. Every memorial day he flies his boss to a party in New York from Nantucket. He's a private pilot and every year on his way back he lets us know about when to look up. We have a picnic at my grandpas in Old Lyme and he flies a bit lower and kicks in the "turbo" or whatever it's called (I don't know any technical terms). It's really cool to witness. 

 




 even for when im using drum machine apps on my ipad? Just have it set to 4/4? Not lining up. 

I have options 5/4 6/4 7/4 etc 6/8 9/8 12/8

 




 i have been having this problem with my s4 




 newampshuh? 




 I love that era. Do you know what you are getting for gas mileage? 




 this entire day does. you should see me today at the parade. Hell, I get emotional over cereal commercials.  




 lol 




 no way, just this one easy trick by some redditor and voila.  




 How about that Danny DeVito phase, right? 




 "Now can I go back to eating my dry grilled chicken and over cooked pasta?" 




 im sorry but one more thing. I can't seem to find that signature on any program im using. can it also be something else? 




 You chuckled at a flip phone pointing out to a smart phone that it can flip open and closed?

 




 Not kidding that's what I saw with the thumbnail.  




 RIP /showerthoughts 




 Smilin along the way.  




 wow, that was quick and awesome. thank you so much. :) 









 Man, I miss playing snooker.  




 My goodness.  




 Seattle?  




 First day I moved to Seattle. 1997. Small town kid never really spent much time in any city. Witnessed a lady take a shit up against a building down by pike place market.   




 , dawg.  




 meh, i guess. 




 I'm 36. all im asking is whats so funny about this? I know what flip phones are.  




 i dont get it 




 was that picture taken with a russet potato in 2015/ 




 dont ever listen to Christina Aguilera 




 Welcome to Connecticut. Stay off of our fucking roads.  




 Summers in New England are no fucking joke.  




 Mega gnarly Mrs B. 




 i swear im having deja vu in this thread. 




 its been slowly getting worse and worse. sometimes it works sometimes it doesnt at all. sometimes it get stuck and just makes a long bzzzzzzz etc...

is this something i am going to be able to  fix myself? 




 Marilyn Mansons vocal fry really aggravates me.  




 "you are so getting laid tonight"  -His Wife 




 irv? 




 where does it say he lost his job? 




 good god that guy is annoying. 




 [i tried it as well](http://imgur.com/a/VnWuD) 




 [I did. It went, okay](http://imgur.com/a/VnWuD) 




 I also ate this a while back

http://imgur.com/a/VnWuD 




 Gluten free?  




 Never seen Up but it worked on me either way.  




 "now you've made me late...for bowling"  




 Yep. I'll be moving to Niantic. Thanks for the info. Not as worried now.  




 Thanks for the info. :)  




 Been using comcast for many years and although there practices can be shady the internet/cable has been great.

Anyone have any tips on what to pay for and what you actually get? 




 White hatters is something we used to call the douche bag jocks in high school. They always wore those stupid white college logo hats. 




 Cheers, thanks.  




 Hey, I stickied this post but now that your a mod please feel free to do the same on Thursday or Friday for sure. Just remember to take it down Sunday night or Monday. Great job. Cheers. :) 














 Danger is my middle name. 

It isn't.  




 Which is the right thing to do.  




 Sorry about that.  




 Willing to bet it still is.  




 And you?  




 Is that on the toy's r us website?  




 I'd cuddle the ever living shit out of that.  




 We aren't talking about real bears here, son.  




 Please show me a teddy bear that isn't soft and cuddly.  




 I'm a 36 year old white guy with a beard down to my t shirt. I do this song at the local dive bar karaoke and people fucking **JAM**

I GOT IT ON LOCK DOWN.  




 So did my mom. She also calls it walmarts.  




 Catering chef. So weekends Fri-sat its both in the summer. 14-16 hour shifts. Weddings. There are some random Saturdays I am done by 3 but few and far between.  




 As a mod I would love to attend and set one up but unfortunately I always work Saturdays in the summer. I know last year's appeared to go well so hopefully you all do it again. :)  




 Railroad salvage. Wow.  




 Because beer snot.  




 damn that innuendo.  




 - my dad 




 36 checking in. Too much reddit.  




 Where  is weaver? Sounds familiar.  




  Same here. This is so tough.  




 Just take it from behind.  




 *surfing* 




 This was fun to read. I'm a catering chef by trade and do about 70 weddings a year.  




 Right? Ridiculous. What do you use instead?  




 Or you know, this is just a silly joke to put on the Internet? Relax.  




 Me. It shows up in every fucking Pandora station. Wtf!  




 Or that fucking Hawaiian dude singing somewhere over the Rainbow shit? Every fucking dyationstation.  




 The song is a jam, though.  




 Someone just posted this, right?  




 Ya, amount of expendable income varies by person. That 70 bucks a month isn't much for a good amount of people. No need to justify it, ya know? 




 So if I wanted to buy a Ford truck I could get it cheaper by going to the plant as opposed to the dealership?  




 I have.  




 []GunsNGravy 6 points 4 hours ago 
I saw a lady stomp a guy's fingers to grab a guitar pick that the bassist had thrown out at a concert this past Saturday. Some people are fucking insane. 




 it's like they are trying to eat those rice cakes as sloppily as possible.  




 just got out of one 4 months ago. really missing what I had. :( 




 Weird. Ctrl f bass guitar in this thread. Another person has a very similar story.  




 *he's just so handsome* 




 Never enjoyed a beer out of a green bottle.  




 A pierogi truck? Good god where is this heavenly food truck?  




 I can just hear the white man blues jam from the picture.  




 hey, i thought it was cute. 



















 Seriously though. We keot them in a trunk buried in the woods.  




 Oh, Roger. Always making me laugh.  




 Cocaine!!!!

YES!!! 




 Jesus H Christ, Joan! 




 The Doors finally made the show. I can die happy. 




 How am I supposed to even view the show when my eyes are pouring tears from the intro? 




 My fucking God im anxious. Cheers to my fellow drinkers. I'm getting hammered tonight.  




 shit, I've been found. 




 "mastrobate" 

I know what I'm calling it from here on in.  




 well, ive seen it all. pack your reddit bags no where else to go. 




 which one? 




 "byeee...byeee" 




 seriously. how in the fuck is that 3 bucks? Is the regular size like 27 bucks? 




 hey sorry it did seem to get stuck in the spam filter its approved now. 




 "cool" 




 Zillow  




 Oh cool. Doesn't matter.  




 When I do that the sound cuts out.  




 Can we please get back on the topic of Cheers, please?  




 Sad, I can't even share this because then I'm somehow a sexist.  









 He is such a talented actor I hope this works. 




 Does anyone know what I'm talking about? 




 And?  




 It isn't technically but it used as such.  




 I live how the pad is a male. Even the pad is failing you.  




 Why is it tagged r/all?  




 Nope, plenty others in this thread.  




 Damn that's good.  




 Thanks :)  









 what did they give you for prep? 




 My buddy wrote that on both of my hands the morning after a long ass cocaiine and whiskey fueled night. My coworkers were not very amused.  




 Or, the people that feel this way should just not go. What's the deal with everyone? 




 Oh I know. She checks my kink all the time. It's weird I feel that way, I get it. Just being honest.  




 It's a Sunday? I think I can make it.  




 You little shit. To the wall with you.  




 Fllint?  




