 Thanks. 









 As a former digg user who left and came to reddit for exactly the reasons you mention, I agree with you 100% about the likely sad end of this whole fiasco. 




 @crabnuts--sadly, I think you've hit it exactly, both the methods and the results of these political forums being destroyed by vocal minorities and easily cowed moderators. It's a shame the redditors are so naive. Just let the rest of us know where the good guys are headed, okay? 




 I do agree that eliminating all sources that build on other sources sacrifices analysis and additional insight from the secondary source, but with that caveat, I like your other suggestions. These mods should be acting as mods driven by a transparent policy, not wholesale censors of sources. 




 I wonder if the mods understand what journalism is. Mother Jones is a model of it. 




 I agree, it has crossed from moderation into censorship. A political site that censors sources is worse than useless. 




 Agree 100%--how can these mods not see that they are absolutely killing the credibility of r/politics? 




 @synobal--If the censorship of legit sites doesn't end I'll be looking for a new political sub. How is USPOLITICS? 




 Strongly agree that opinion should be included along with news.  




 The point is that Obama needs to fight for his judicial nominees because these nominations have real-world consequences. 




 Thanks for the kind words. I came to reddit after the demise of digg, where, for awhile, substantive discussion did seem possible. I can understand reddit moderators' efforts to prevent flame wars and self-promotion, but I think you need to be careful about banning news and commentary sources. It certainly makes you look biased, even if that is not your intent.

At the very least, the process of determining which sources are legit, and why, should be transparent. What are your criteria for inclusion as a source, and why? Anything short of that looks like prejudice or a hidden agenda.  




 Agreed. 





























 Honestly, i use reddit to try to disseminate information I find valuable, in the areas of politics, health, tech, and women's issues. I don't think reddit should block access to any news source, frankly. It's members should decide the source's value, via upvotes or downvotes. I thought that was the whole idea of reddit -- largely unmediated access to information by its members. I don't want some redditor, whose agenda I have no clue about, making decisions about what I can see on reddit or what I can post from legitimate news sources. 

You may quibble about Huffpo --I'd disagree with you on excluding it -- but Salon and especially Mother Jones? Really? That looks to me like a conservative or libertarian bias -- and again, bias is just the opposite of what reddit should be. 




 @Burkey -- Now it's starting to make sense. Thanks. 




 @asdjrocky-- Very well put. Agree 100%. 




 @catmoon-- How does banning legitimate, award-winning political journalism sites improve quality standards? Seems to me to harm the quality of the subreddit. 




 @montreal01--Not an open system with this type of censorship going on. 




 To quote the article, "Its the /r/politics moderators who dont understand Reddit or comprehend their role."

WTF is going on here? 




 @Turicus--But the boots helped, as the other anecdote about the silk shell demonstrates. 




 "One thing I've learned is that one person's illogical belief is another person's survival skill. And nothing is more logical than trying to survive."

Great insights in this piece, which deserves a wider audience. 



























































 @brotherwayne-- I agree. I just wanted to hear how he articulated it. 









 @EducatedHottentot--Why? 



























































 Great piece on the government's counterproductive Enterprise IT practices. 




 Great article that puts the messed-up launch in its bureaucratic context. 









 A great article, and scary, in that there doesn't seem to be a readily apparent route to thwart the combo of Tea Partiers and big money guys. 



























































 "The stand by conservatives that led to the current crisis was the outgrowth of a long-running effort, waged by a galaxy of well-funded groups, to undo President Obamas health care law." 



















 From the article:

"Ive seen no conservatives, anywhere, actually question the morality of debt-limit extortion." 





































































 This is a great read. It is written in the style a reporter would use if the shutdown were happening in another country--no euphemisms or false equivalencies==the Tea Party Republicans are an "extremist rump." 




 Hypocrisy, thy name is Republicans. 









 @infinitejest -- You are either very naive or very dishonest. The same bill that the Republicans stripped the food stamps from contained huge subsidies to agribusiness, which they had no trouble spending money on. 




















































































































































































































































