 I would definitely agree with Cabrillo. From there it's an amazing view both west into the ocean and east into the city and beyond. I would probably drive around Sunset Cliffs too. Maybe grab lunch at Point Loma seafood or Mitch's. 




 You're doing fine. I'm 6'2, 235 but was about 218 when I did my first comp. Remember, at the amateur level you're competing against yourself first and foremost.  




 Surprise, surprise, another politician trying to capitalize on the success of others to further their own career. 

He should be ashamed of himself and this shows a true lack of knowledge of the military. 




 Yeah, ours always found ways to end up on our laps or in really tight spaces even though he was 150 lbs. 




 Hey OP, I also hosted a bot fly (well two) when we went to Belize. None of our local doctors knew what the heck it was. 

I had them in my neck. Could you feel them feeding? 




 I'm 6'2 240 and wear a Metal one. It fits well enough without being a thong.  




 Fantastic work man, keep it up! 




 1. Yes, when Android updates it's the same as with iOS only the notification is much more obvious.

2. Already answered.

3. I still root my phone but mostly because it's a hold out from my early days with Android when you had to root in order to get any features. But Android comes with a lot of features now and CM has even more than stock so I don't think you'll miss much. 

Of course by not rooting you can't install any custom ROMs but in my experience the custom ROMs are more buggy than the stock. Again, in the early days this was a good trade off because Android didn't offer a lot but now there's no reason to tolerate a buggy ROM. 




 http://www.apa-wpa.com/

On the right side there's a link called "rules". You can download them there. 




 It's always worthwhile to compete and especially if it's your first time. Don't worry about what your lifts are as the first meet is just about getting a total.

You would be in the 275lb class. 




 It's a German guy putting this together so he probably just doesn't know where to get all of the prices correct. I paid $350 for mine too. 




 I got a lot stronger doing madcow after stronglifts.

Don't forget that there's two variables at play. Volume is one of them but intensity is another. With Madcow you're mixing your intensity around while maintaining your volume. 

The truth is that you're going to make gains regardless of the program you choose simply because you're new at the game. 

Madcow (and other intermediate program) is really for when you've stalled at linear progression.

Oh, I would suggest that you man up a bit. This stuff never gets easier. I would go as long as you can with linear progression until it no longer works. Have you stalled on SL?
 




 Here you go!

 https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/GLCJ-R2ZI-ZFGA-HCYK.

I've replaced the 17th letter of the alphabet with the 26th letter of the alphabet.

If you don't mind just report back when it's claimed.

enjoy! 




 Very cool, thanks for posting!

You should also post this in /r/infographics 




