 In the space between alternate dimensions. 




 PCars!!! 





























 This guy has you beat: http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/38dawz/fallout_4_announcement_video/

13k in 1 hour. 









 Someone's getting caned tonight. 














 You won't imagine what this 24 year old just invented! 




 Middle aged girl  




 Hey I'm a freelance writer who's been struggling to get good clients. I always end up with the bad ones who demand sleepless nights and low prices. Do you think you could hook me up with one of your writing gigs? 




 Yes, I concur. Any other books of this caliber which you'd recommend? 




 I tipped Greg Lipperman off about the mispricings in the subprime crisis. 




 Please, I use tears bottled from the 0.02-1%. 









 wow this is nice. is it common for IB juniors to stay in these? 














 except one man. 




 Back to the Future. 




 ohhh yeahhhhh 









 Jaden Smith? 















































































 Audit/accounts junior, manager, senior manager and partner, respectively. 




 I know it's a long shot, but I thought I'd just try.  









 Any good readings on the rationale behind his disposal recently? 















































































 Well said. But I think we wouldn't need to be too focused on flexibility; we just need a principle-based rather than a rule-based system which would accommodate dynamic outcomes. You seem extremely well versed with the fundamentals of what would be necessary to create such a system. Drawing a contrast to the present economic system, how would you go about creating a social balancing system from scratch which would have a chance of being practically efficient over 200 years? 







































 *pew pew*

"Hey John," *pew* "how's the kids? heard Eddie got detention again."

*pew* "oh you know. same ol' same ol'." *pew pew* "these suppressors are great huh?" *bang* 









 Creating a horrible sequel to a good movie. 




 No you need Ricin. 














 Orderly liquidation, followed by terse negotiations with creditors. 




 And then the fire nation attacked  




 Because it didn't join the army. 




 It's normal to worry about about becoming a chrysalis. Research has shown that only 30% of caterpillars get eaten by birds during the transformation process. You might experience discomfort and some pain, but remember it's all for the greater good. Within a month, you'll have become a beautiful butterfly! Remember, believe in yourself. 




 Should have used a tortilla  




 I know! A fire hydrant! 




 And then the fire nation attacked. 




 And then the fire nation attacked. 




 I see where you're going with this. You're saying that the current economic system is still far from fully mature. Hence any attempt to emulate it with a reputation system would be beset by the same imperfections. Hmmm, good points.

Here's where I'm coming from. I'm an investor/analyst working for a billion dollar fund. Basically, I've noticed that broadly speaking, optimal capital allocation is a balance between allocating resources for maximum financial gain and achieving the best social outcome for all stakeholders. I'm not sure what the equivalent is in economics, but that's what it is in investing. However, while it is intuitive to strive for the maximum financial gain on the resource end, typically striving for the maximum social gain is counterproductive to finance. So my conclusion is that there is a lack of accountability for the social side of things in the present economic system (i.e. currency) which fails to take into account the social balance of things, which is why a positive social action is reflected as a negative in a financial context - where optimal capital allocation is represented by something in the middle. If we could create some kind of system of accountability which comprehensively describes both sides of the equation, we might be able to increase productivity by leaps and bounds, as it might reflect in full what financial accountability (i.e. economics) only represents half of. Think of it as what general relativity was to gravity - the former being a more complete representation of reality than the latter to describe reality. You could even win a Nobel prize for it, as this would have immediate and discernible impact on every large company on the planet. 

What are your thoughts? 




 People Eating Tasty Popsicles?  




 I think the fact that you need to define 'ethical' shows that your opinion is not a widely accepted standard. 









 that sounds like internal justification for what you want to do. On an absolute ethical basis, it does make you a shitty guy. If you have to convince your conscience, 99% of the time it's unethical.  




 you make very good points. We can already see how karma, even without financial incentives, have bred karmawhores who upend the system with reposts. I get what you're saying that the difficult part is tracking down the perverse incentives. Hmm. But perhaps the reputation market will right itself to a significant extent, as the financial market has to at least offer a utilitarian system. Do you have any personal "secret" insights about economics which you wouldn't mind sharing? (for instance, one which might not stand up to peer review) 




 I understand where you're coming from, but I don't think you have where I am coming from. I'm suggesting a complete change in perspective. You mentioned this:

 How would social value not be arbitrary? You're talking about picking a way that things "should" be and providing an incentive to bring reality more in line with that ideal situation, no? Well, the problem is that people don't agree on that ideal. They're never going to precisely agree.

Well, putting aside the 'how', my suggestion is *to* find a way to make social value not arbitrary. Yes I know it sounds impossible; I'm just putting forth an axiom. *If* we were able to do that, then we could make social goodwill accountable and hence tradable as a form of currency, right? And there would be innumerable good resulting from having such a system. So how do we do that - make social value accountable? 

Again, I realize how impossible it sounds, but my point is to find a way to make social value as accountable as financial value. I was wondering whether someone of your stature might have any ideas, or would be interested in such a discussion. 




 Yes but you could just as easily say the opposite. Boils down to whether your glass is half empty or half full. 




 Well they prevented a nuclear war, gave us personal computers, created the Internet, pioneered the longest era in history without war... while we had Tumblr? Priorities... 




 In 1965, we weren't worried about going alone to the park. 




 You'd just be invaded by a coalition of governments and be forced to produce potatoes under torture. 

A more feasible plan would be to build a mercenary army with potatoes as trade. Potatoes are the cheapest form of calories, so controlling the supply would guarantee you a stream of loyal soldiers in poverty territories. Trade potatoes for favors and arms with the most corrupt people on this planet. You could then trade those as currency. Protect yourself by surrounding yourself with your zombie horde (until they decide to drop a nuke on top of you) 




 Please elaborate on what your friend told you. 




 What about the supply chain? Global headquarters? Am army of part time workers and their associated legal obligations? The building and overhead? Material costs are usually not a restaurant's biggest cost. 









 Yes, but if we were able to institute a system which provides proper accountability to social value, then it wouldn't be arbitrary. The problem now is that such accountability doesn't yet exist, hence we turn to financial measures to record them, which obviously doesn't provide adequate incentive. If we could work out an economic system which rewarded social value as much as currency  rewards trade value, I'm sure we coild start working something out. 




 Yes. All you need is to reach critical mass and the resulting fission reaction is self sustaining.  




 235 is used because it has a special property which most heavy elements don't have, while still trends remaining a heavy element.  




 It would only kick one child. 




 I was thinking more along the lines of creating accountability for social value. Some way or currency we could use to recognize goodwill so that we could store it and reward it a realistic manner. Like you said, recognizing social standing as a currency would incentivize socially positive acts by individuals in society. It would make charitable acts feasibly economical on a large scale where financially it may not. 




 One day you should pour both out into cups and switch the contents. *diabolical laugh* 




 When the alternative is liquid death, I'd take name calling any day. 




 Antarctica? 




 Interesting. I'm an investor for a billion dollar fund and what you do sounds like portfolio management. Care to have a chat? 




 energy not memory. 




 Got any books on topics like these you'd recommend? 




 I believe the children are our future. 




 I'd imagine Netflix is a horrible form of productivity to a society. 




 This is cool, coolio. Where do you get this? 




 Ok.  




 Hiroshima was a good old man. This bonsai will carry on his duties. 














 Anything is a good name for a band. *Plungers Emporium.* See? I just took two words which couldn't be further unrelated from each other and they make a good name for a band. See also *Plants vs Zombies.* 




 It's the face of a man trying not to topple his illegal makeshift tower throne and getting fired. 




 smiing internally 




 Cut the cat in half  




  kept trying to fight the water 

It was killing the ninjas, fool.  




 Well whatever it sure as heck could have destroyed a sentient robot. 




 Well the 3 great religions which make up 70% of the world come from the same source. In that context it's relevant.  




 Come to Nigeria. Your optimism will be restored. 




 A dimension is just a frame of reference. It really doesn't mean anything in isolation. But yes, trying to make sense of space time in a three dimensional existence is mental gymnastics.  




 I love you, Rancid Remnants. Is that like puked up gastric juices or diarrhea? 




 Don't question him. He's a biologist. 




 Be serious, Jack  




 Negative electrostatic forces generate electricity and increase productivity, thus saving time. 




 Or rather, 'right' is decided by who is the victor. Before the winning, there is no 'right'. 




 Here's a change in perspective: all religions are worshiping the same God, they just have differing opinions on who He is. But fundamentally they're worshiping the same deity, and all of them would agree that they're worshiping the same guy. 




 One shackle to the furlong. 




 No, your opportunity cost is -$20k. You're a great investor if you only lose $10k. This is how certain things like excess inventory is calculated. 




 There would be 1/3 remaining. 




 Carefully  




 I have my friend the NSA for that ;) 




 Anyone else feel the Vision was completely nerfed? The guy had an Infinity Gem. He's supposed to be able to destroy whole galaxies with his thoughts.  




 The one where the audience stays quiet until the end. 




 I didn't. 




 Did you get pulled over by a cop demanding to know what the powerhouse of the cell was? 




 Nah but when there's disagreements it's normal for things to get heated. The most I'd expect of anyone at that point is to be professional. 









 Kung Fury. 




 It also managed to invade Russia in the winter. 




 The other Whatsapp cofounder Jan also interrupted Zuckerberg's dinner with his wife unannounced on Valentine's Day to close the deal. And ate Priscilla's chocolate covered strawberries. 




 I'd buy metal spoons  




 Pink ping pong balls. 




 /u/steven2014. Just PM him and say I referred him to you. He's got good ethics and excellent after sales service, as long as you remain professional. 




 [80's techno pop music] 




 I meant that he should start with the basics, as he progresses these questions will come up naturally. Then he tackles them one by one. No sense giving him a plethora of specific answers he has nothing to associate to. The fundamentals are similar. 




 Not much. Just focus on the basics and you'll pick up the differences along the way. 




 Or just regularly contribute 5% of your salary. It's harder than you think. Seriously you'll understand why rich people don't do more despite having more.  




 I wonder how many pants were shitted when the bombs fell. 




  If your cash flow is strong, you should pivot.  




 *VRAAMM-VRAAAMM-VROOOOOOOOMMMMMM ra-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta* 




 TIL Grandma is The Joker. 









 You haven't really read about him have you. 




 Google 'Michael Burry'. Read up on him. 









 that's a goat.  









 word of mouth. Sometimes I luck out on someone searching on a public forum and then show them my portfolio, but most of the time it's just recommendations. So the ones who are comfortable paying $50 tend to recommend others who are comfortable paying $50. 

Would it be too much to ask to share some contacts? I'd love to return the favor in any way I can. 




 alright thanks a lot. Mind if I keep in touch with you?  




 I see. So you know who your clients are before you reach out to them? Do you mean for offline clients? 




 Any tips scaling from $50/500 words to $100?  




 hey, I've been doing $50/500 words for awhile now and I'm looking to the next level. At the moment I've mostly been getting clients through word of mouth, but I've been having difficulty scaling the rates as they mostly recommend other clients who are only comfortable up to $50. Any tips? I'd be fine with $100. 














 there is no gold. 









