




 No, just the physical limitations of upper body strength. The shells in this video weigh over 100 lbs. Very few women would be physically capable of doing this job. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb3tfk8dxvU 




 Wow, I always thought artillery would be about the last position open to women.

edit: nevermind, I see it is for officers only, not enlisted 




 which one is he? 




 I'm in 




 Damn, I wonder how the dudes in the humvee they lit up with the cannon fared. 




 Our gunny told the local people that there were gnomes that ate people living on the mountain top and showed them a picture from the movie gremlins. It scared the shit out of them and they mostly avoided the mountain after that. In reality there was a bunch of russian mines up there. 




 I was in Afghanistan in 2010. We used to always ask a bunch of standard counter insurgency type questions: have the Taliban been around recently, have the local soldiers given them any trouble, have the Americans given them any trouble, have they heard anything about weapons/ieds, is anyone in their family in need of medical care etc. Our last question would always be "Do you know where Osama Bin Laden is?" This always got a bunch of laughs. 




 Yup, if I was the boss I'd also want to know if any of my employees had excessive credit card debt, were cheating on their spouse, had any chronic medical conditions, used any illegal drugs etc. That doesn't mean it is the responsibility of anyone and everyone to inform me of these things. It doesn't sound to me like your friends are so terribly concerned with the reputation of the PI and lab as much as they are excited about "getting" the the heckler. They sound like petty, miserable people.....just like virtually every post-doc I've ever met. 




 Because the government of Israel aggressively lobbies them to do so.
http://www.aipac.org/connect/communities/yourchurch
http://www.goisrael.org.il/Ness.Tourism.CMS/Templates_I/USA/Content/Content.aspx?NRMODE=Published NRORIGINALURL=%2Fevng%2FArticles%2FNews%2FIsrael%2BMinistry%2BOf%2BTourism%2BHosts%2BEvangelical%2BPress%2BTrip.htm NRNODEGUID=%7BBBCB5E9E-C637-4E28-BD3A-E9ABB89CC92F%7D NRCACHEHINT=NoModifyGuest 




 So your friends are trying to get someone fired/disciplined at work because they heckled a comedian? Sound like a bunch of jerks. 




 why go to war when you can get the goy to do it for you? 




 quick guys...find a way to be mad about this 




 or to prevent ectopic pregnancy which leads to you bleeding to death out your vagina 




 Interesting read. I served with the guy. 




 thanks Obama..? 




 you sure? 




 They test ALL young women with GU issues for pregnancy. Why? Because young women lie about it (or could even be unaware if they were drugged and raped) ALL THE TIME and the consequences can be fatal. 




 hey, watch it, thats a nobel peace prize winner you're talking about 




 mostly true, iron sights and optics are like kryptonite to most arabs 




 no shit, anyone with a brain knows it is mostly a parenting issue....but since there isn't politically palatable solution no one says it.  




 no, she went climbing in the white mountains in a snow storm. If it was suicide, ok. If she wasn't trying to die, she is dumb as shit. Selfish as fuck considering they sent people up after her. I also have to wonder about her husband who dropped her off. Probably was thinking "finally won't have to deal with this nut anymore." 




 It may appear that way when you see them used in COIN but things would look very different in a conventional war. That tank would be operating with infantry and artillery support, so anyone shooting missiles is going to be on the receiving end of artillery, auto cannon, and machine gun fire. Few (if any) high end antitank missile systems are disposable so you may get shot off but the system will likely be destroyed by the return fire when the launch signature is noticed. Disposable systems are very unlikely to score a hit and short ranged enough to be almost suicidal in anything but an urban environment. There also is the issue of transport. Man portable anti tank systems might be fairly effective in a static defensive role but then you just get killed from the air and by artillery. If you want to maneuver you need to be transported in trucks, which are not very survivable. 




 Small voting block with influence far far far exceeding their numbers due to financial resources. They do generally vote left but if you think support for Israel only comes from the American right you haven't been paying attention. The reason the evangelicals like israel so much is because of a concerted effort by the israeli government to recruit and groom their leaders.  




 large amount of campaign funding for American politicians

ding. ding. ding. 




 I loved it back in the day when I did shift work.  




 I don't speak retard either, still confused 









 Sure, why not spend a few hundred  mil on a new city hall, I mean, what else would we spend the money on? 




 It looks like a war-crimes tribunal after world war III 




 In other words...people say things that sound good when they don't have to back it up with anything. In other news, I'm against child sexual exploitation and cancer. I know, I'm a pretty good person. 




 I don't speak tumblr, I don't know what this means 




 yup 




 I read this title as "Denver Police Office" and I was thinking "well a major metro department, 40 complaints and a million in settlements isn't really that bad" then I reread the title. 




 that pig had it coming 




 as was the style at the time 




 I thought you guys called them "oculists" 




 [it could be worse....](http://i.imgur.com/CT85Ae6.jpg) 




 Anecdotally, the problem with a lot of activists is that their primary technique is telling people that their beliefs are wrong and stupid. 




 Man, I want to Iraq and all I got was lots of money and benefits. 




 In my experience they would just get assigned to "headquarters platoon" AKA shitbag platoon. You get to spend the deployment digging holes, stirring burning shit barrels, filling sandbags, picking up trash etc. 




 dude, she has 72K tweets..... 




 I'm against the Olympics but this sounds a lot like the whining of a bunch of adolescents that just realized the world isn't an echo chamber like Sociology 101 and their Tumblr blog. 




 "triggered" - LOL 




 Anytime I see the abbreviation "POC" I know I can stop paying attention.  




 so... yes? 




 I dunno, does it hurt when people say "Those who can, do; those who can't, teach?"  




 Well, you could say it's kind of a luxury for your greatest fear to be your democratically elected government as apposed to a rampaging horde of assholes rolling over the boarder. 




 does this mean I'm gonna have to give up my handicapped parking space? 




 do you have a citation? 




 smoked pot and banged hookers the whole time

I think this makes me like him more 




 "The Shit" is old American slang for combat in the Vietnam War. This is a Wes Anderson movie, his style of humor is known to be kind of understated. People generally either love it or hate it. 




 He asked a very loaded question in a remarkably casual way and Murray responded with a very serious answer in an even more casual way. If you don't find that funny you're not "missing anything," you just have a different sense of humor.  




 As far as I'm concerned Murray's "second career" started in 1998 with this exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4qQ66LgM1c#t=33 




 wait is this a real quote? 




 I bet ANYTHING he is suffering from some kind of ED and is too embarrassed to tell you. 




 It's not illegal, just frowned upon 




 Fuck, make it 50% and have it go to the MBTA 




 I love them, bring up student loans next, I want to laugh at some people. 




 sounds like he is a rude, lazy, douche...what does this have to do with the fact that he's from a small town and his family has less money than yours? It's interesting that you feel that way. 




 took the words from my mouth 




 so true 




 A long time ago when I was in a human anatomy lab: I dreamed that my lab group was sitting around our cadaver in fancy dress slicing up the body with fancy silverware and gobbling it down. 




 A CHURCH AND A LIBRARY??!!! Now they've gone too far!! 




 Cabbie's Cab 




 bwahahahaha 




 wait till the snow melts...:( 




 We should have just ignored the airspace thing. Ireland couldn't shoot down a 747 flying over their country if they wanted to. 




 I love it 




 you can just look through the iron sights and see the red dot, or you can fold the iron sight down. 




 It's still an insanely broad, sensational headline and the idea that a handful of nuts in a trailer park is more of a threat than the Islamic State is just beyond comprehension. Even the dog thinks it's retarded. 









 Looks like area bombing is gonna make a comeback 




 I wasn't intending to be hard on the French, my point was that things happen fast and the idea of "building up" in response to an invasion is a joke. Things today would likely happen much faster than during WW2 and at least then France was EXPECTING an invasion. Now Europe just has its head in the sand AND depends on Russia for much of its natural gas. Yes nukes are out there but I somehow doubt the willingness of France or GB to be wiped off the map for Poland or Romania...or perhaps even Germany. Yes there are satellites, but how long would it take the Russians to mobilize? Certainly less time than for the Germans to build 2000 tanks and train 500,000 men. Lets not forget that the first day of the war could involve Russian strategic bombers hitting high value targets all over western Europe...a move to which the allies would be incapable of responding in kind.  




 So what you are saying is France was much more prepared to fight than Europe is today and STILL got violently raped by a force without 1/10th the mechanization of the modern Russian military in 45 days. What you're also saying is that the Americans were unprepared for WW2 and got kicked around for the first year or two while they got their shit together....those two oceans were mighty convenient. Too bad Berlin is less than a 20 hr drive from Moscow. 




 I'm actually descended from Germans that came over in the 1700's but the vast bulk of Germans came over in the mid-1800's to early 1900's (ie several hundred thousand vs 5+ million). 




 I've got a scenario for everyone in this thread. Say the USA pulls out of Europe and says "not our problem anymore." If Russia turns off the gas, rolls through Belarus with a wink and a smile, and then heads into Poland....when would NATO stop them? Would they deploy their forces to the front in Poland, or safe them do defend their own borders? How about when they got to Germany? Yea, France and GB have nukes...when would they use them? If they did Russia would respond and put them back in the dark ages. Would they take that for Poland? For Germany? For Belgium? What if they Stopped at the Elbe and sued for peace...would you accept? 




 That takes time. Last time Europe played the "its never gonna happen again" game France fell in 45 days. 




 It was so great that so many germans left the region that they form the largest ancestry group in the United States. 




 to quote my (straight) female friend "penis out of context horrifies me" 




 Does anyone know how to reliably tell who is who in these videos if no one is displaying insignia? 




 Which line? 




 someone needs to make a "men react to vag pics" 




 who is this "exact same crowd" 




 You don't have to. The prosecutor has to prove that you killed the person and you weren't defending yourself.  




 It would probably come down to the physical evidence.... 




 Absolutely, we should have saved the $1000 and let the Northern Alliance deal with him.  




 There may be people that can answer this a little better, I think unfortunately this may be a crap shoot to a degree. You could say something like, "I'm a very inquisitive person and I like to take an active role in my medical care, do you think your style of care is compatible with a patient who asks a lot of questions?" Unfortunately, I think that the vast majority of doctors would say "yes of course," even if this wasn't really the case. The best would be if you know someone who is very satisfied with their GP and go to that doctor. There are online review sites, but my personal feeling is that they are basically worthless because patients are far more likely write a review if they are unsatisfied and EVERY doctor is going to have some unsatisfied patients. 




 Yea, age definitely could be a factor (culture can play a role as well). The truth is that some patients WANT an autocrat that will just tell them what to do (perhaps an older model), while others want a partner that will discuss options/risks and help them decide (perhaps a more current model), and others want someone who will just do whatever they tell them (probably not very safe/ethical/legal). It sounds like this guy doesn't fit you very well. 




 Yea, that sucks. Out of curiosity (don't take this the wrong way) does this doctor work in an area with lots of poorer/less educated people? Sometimes doctors in that serve populations like this can adopt an autocratic style because they are used to passive patients who rarely ask any questions. Ultimately, it sounds like his bedside manner sucks. You should never be afraid to ask your doctor questions and they should be prepared to give you clear answers. If they won't/can't find a new doctor. 




 totally agree 




 He's probably worried that you have cervical dysplasia and that malignant potential could be increased by hormonal contraception (there isn't a clear medical consensus if this is a real risk). He wouldn't be able to know for sure if dysplasia is present or not until the pathologist looks at the sample. 




 It's not "Americans" it's retarded people 




 I'm starting to think these ISIS chaps are a bunch of dicks. 




 They should get the 5-tons http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M939_Truck
to move all the stranded commuters around 




 The USA needs to reform VII Corps and put it back in Europe. 




 totally agree 




 *reddit/boston suddenly changes opinion on olympics 




 You guys should switch 




 I know you're joking but we can contact republican congressmen/women and demand they repeal this. If they do, Obama will have to let it go or be the democrat that vetoed it. This will affect A LOT of gun owners, many of whom are not republicans. 




 
edit: wait, this is just you posting your friend's shitty article and then defending her non-news. You and Shirley should try to get jobs for buzzfeed. 




 You're absolutely right. I've posted this numerous times but it doesn't matter. This is about feelings not facts. People simply want to be able to ride the T and have someone else pay for most of it....cause feelings. 

Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA)
Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters 




 how is this even news 




 If you youtube Ross Kemp Afghanistan you'll he's done this shit a whole lot 




