




 Your mom is so dirty and stupid that when she was told to do the robot R2D2 got aids  




 That scene doesn't make any sense. How would her leg getting crushed make blood come out of her mouth? 




 Paper planes by MIA makes me feel like a rich drug dealer running the South American border countries 




 Season 5 still had the original Dan Harmon feel to it... Now we only have Jeff, Abed, Britta and Annie left. 




 That's what mine was like, did you wake up feeling the anxious feeling that follows a relapse? 




 is he okay 




 I had a girl sleep in my bed last night; We didn't do anything sexual but I spooned with her until she left around 10 AM. Once she left, I fell back asleep and dreamed I ejaculated which lead to me cumming in real life. I know it wasn't on purpose, but when I woke up and realized what happened I felt as bad as if I had reset my badge for real. I feel weak and disgusting, and I know it doesn't count as fapping but it sure felt like it. Has anyone else experienced this after a streak of a few weeks? What mindset can help me feel less weak? 




 I see a praying mantis  




 Hehehe he thinks he's people 




 "Ebola Cakes!" 









 I'm confused. Did you use your brush as a way to turn the second dog into nothing but hair or what 




 Yeah, he's super dead. 




 It's way less funny in real life than in Ace Ventura:( 




 By the garden of Zeus give me a link 




 Just somebody trying to get laid, nothing to worry about 




 Nah 




 Okay did Bill Murray get AIDS in that movie? Because he got some disease from a chimp's mouth. 




 Shark fin never fails  




 I meant like, killing animals or having sexual urges at a very young age  




 Decorative fruit  




 Come on, son. 




 Oh my god my step grandma fucking screams so loud every time my half brother falls, she's ruining that child.On  




 Throw EVERYTHING into the closet. Why would she look in there? On the off chance she does, have a backup pan because that you have to run off quickly and probably can't live there anymore.  




 I've always wanted to be able to run into the woods all day during the 60's and my parents not call the police. 




 Those Facebook attempted spooky stats that say 80% of the time you wake up at night you're being watched. 




 Don't look up, she doesn't like to be seen 




 Fucking scantrons. We can make computers navigate on Mars but they can't read pen on paper instead of pencil? 




 Donna noble has left the library
Donna noble has been saved 




 This is one of those attempts  




 Imagine being down there exploring when a tsunami wave hits. 




 I was just getting something to eat! 




 I've seen your boobies 




 Michael Cera anytime he gets sad 




 How much can one banana cost? 10 dollars? 




 Find me this without the upvotes 




 How do I take my badge away? )': 




 No self caused orgasms all of September, I can do this. Every time I break my anxiety triples and I don't leave my dorm, i've watched every LOTR and Hobbit in the past 3 days. Going 10 days feels so empowering, does going a month make it better? 




 How do you stop yourself during the first week? WHY DO I SUBSCRIBE TO SO MANY PORN SUBREDDITS 









 Yeah I do cuz my asshoke friends tagged me in it 









 Say hi to your mother for me 




 Nice, I was using alien blue 




 Can someone link me to a sticky page for the wiki or bible for this sub explaining the difference between easy and hard more please? 




 BONESAW IS READYYY 




 What would getting a lawyer change?
 




 First offence OWI, I'm 18 in Des Moines and blew a .134 outside of my house. I spent 12 hours in jail and the bail was $1300. I'm really worried because I'm moving to Indiana for college this Wednesday but my court date is next Monday, will I have to take classes in Des Moines or can I do those in Indiana? Also should I get a lawyer? My charges are Operating While Intoxicated- 1st offence, and driving left of center line. 




 Did they really? That seems somehow illegal... What if you just stood in the back, would they hold you there? 




 I think you could put money around 50 or so. We bet my friend he couldn't eat 15 single hamburgers in 45 minutes but him winning meant he didn't have to pay for the hamburgers. It was a lose lose situation, he only got 10 in and had to pay $15 




