 Devil. That movie never had a chance. Not to mention the twist is the title. 




 Fiery crash of two clown cars, 38 dead. 









 Giving it that [Tucci](http://i.imgur.com/BbsIoCY.gif) bump, huh? 




 If the audio quality suffered as much as the video, this would sound like Kermit the frog giving a blowjob to a highway patrolman. 




 :'-( 



















 Chief of staff,Jack Klein rushed into the Oval office. President Warner sat at his desk reading over  the parks appropriations act that had been passed by the house. Jack stood before the President. 
"Jack have you gone over this?"
"Of course, Mr. President."
"What did you think of the Yellowstone oversight comittee."
"Mr. President, I just had aides look over the 600 page bill last night, not a one think you should pass it." 
"And why is that?" 
"It's socialist to begin with, the democratic leadership made it marginally socialist to win political capital come the midterms. They expect you to veto." 
"Which I will?"
"It's either that or the republicans will shun you come 2020, they'll call you the second coming of Vlad Lenin."
"Right, was there something you wanted to talk about?"
"Yes, Mr. President. There's an unidentified flying object sighted just northwest of Oregon by an F-22 raptor part of the 142nd fighter squad out of Portland. I have General Braddock briefing David as we speak."
"What do we think it is?"
"The pilot is still pursuing the object but cannot establish visual contact. Our intelligence notice a spike in Russian activity, so the general consensus is that it's a Russian bomber defecting." 
"Alright, let's go."



The President enters the situation room, it is filled wall to wall with men and women wearing stars and stripes. They stand before him. 

"Have a seat, let's do this."

The Generals sit. Jack sits to the left of the President. 

"Alright, I want to know what you know."

The room is silent. 

"I meant you, General Reynolds."
The general looks at the President, clears his throat.
"Mr. President, two hours ago our pilot spotted an airborne object over Canadian soil, now after interfacing with NORAD we've confirmed that it's not ours."

"And we believe it's Russian?"

"Well considering the size, yes."

"Do we know what kind of plane it is?" 

"Well, we think it's a long range bomber."

President Warner turns to Jack. "Why do they keep saying think and guess?"

"Mr. President we've only detected the object through radar. There's a snowstorm in the area and the pilot of the F-22 has had to keep altitude well above it."

General Reynolds interjects, "Mr. President the pilot says the object is clearing the edge of the storm. I'm putting him on speaker. He's on."

The President looks at the radar on the t.v. across the room, a big blip is steadily in front of the smaller blip in the center. General Reynolds says,"Son you're on in the situation room with the President of the United States."

President Warner leans forward slightly,"Good afternoon son, can you tell me your name?"

"My name is Captain James Bradley. Mr. President it's an honor."

"Captain, what can you tell me about this flying object?" 

"I'm afraid not much, I only picked it up as it was going into the storm a while ago and it's been in there pulling serpentine maneuvers. It seems to be heading towards the edge of the storm now. General Reynolds has advised me to approach at an intercept vector from it's right flank to confirm visibility."

The President nods at General Reynolds. The General says to Captain Bradley," Maintain open radio Captain we're keeping you on. " The General presses the mute button."Thirty seconds until we achieve visibility."

The President looks at the General, "No radio response, yet?"

"None, it could be interference from within the storm."

President Warner turns to Jack Klein and whispers, "Jack."

"Yes, Mr. President? "

"If this goes poorly take us to DEFCON 3."

"Yes, Mr. President."

The General looks at the radar screen. The big blip is now to the top left of the small blip and closing. "FIVE seconds, Mr. President."

"Three."

"One."

The General unmutes the pilot. "Captain Bradley what can you see?"

"ERm, not anything right now. Wait. I see something. It's one fire. Wait I'm picking up a signal. It's NORAD."

An aid hands General Reynolds a phone. The General says," Patch it through." 


"Mayday, mayday. our engine is on fire this is flight 7---"

Captain Bradley comes back on the speaker, "General, can you hear me?"

"I'm here, Captain. Can you tell us what's going on?" 


"It, uh,appears sir to be a single engine Cessna got lost in the storm. Pulling back around to get a better look. I think on ground personnel should get ready for this."

Jack turns to the President. He looks intently at the radar screen. The big blip remains only it's now behind the pilot. The President stands. "Call him out of there."

The pilot on the intercom says,"Sorry, what was that." The line turns to static.

"Get out of there Captain!" 

The radar goes to black. The President bellows, "What the hell happened?"

General Reynolds now wears a bead of sweat, "we lost connection."

"Well get it back, get me something I can look at!" 

A General from the edge of the table swipes at his tablet. "Getting you satellite now, Mr. President." 

The President squints at the end of the table, "Who's that Tambley?"

"Yes, Mr. President." 

"Now then, General Tambley."

A top down satellite image appears on the screen. A massive snow storm frames the left side. In the center are two pillars of black smoke. The image switches to infrared, only two sources of heat, both of them are downed aircraft. From the corner of the screen appears a great, big blue bird, draped in thorns, it flies over the smoke and into the storm.



The room is silent. Every mouth agape. Jack turns to the President. "Mr. President?"

"Do it, Jack. God Help us. Do it."


Jack stands up, "alright Ladies and Gentlemen take us to DEFCON 3, we need to scramble fighters..."

The President sits, beset by terror. Staring on at the screen, now centered on the storm slowly inching towards Seattle.   





  




 Okay, I'm gonna try. 




 I'd just never heard the phrase jump jet. 




 Like an F-22? 









 "That's one of the only times it's good to be fat." Didn't expect that to be what saved him. 




 Interesting.  




 Maybe you're right, I should [lighten up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-03Jqnq9LFQ) 









 Yes, I've played this mission and I understand the cross-reference with the elder scrolls. It's just my opinion that given the content of the mission strikes a negative chord with me given the recent events. 


The mission tasks you with killing or at least participating in the mass murder of innocent civilians at an airport terminal. People are dead today because of a similar heinous act and this picture seems in poor taste.  




 Liam Neeson as Liam Neeson in Liam Neeson. 




 Isn't this a bad time for mass shooting jokes?

*I'll take my downvotes. I just think it's disrespectful to the victims, since the shooting was just two days ago. 




 Isn't it, 'think globally,  act locally'? 









 What I wouldn't give for Samuel L. Jackson to call me a motherfucker. 














 He would've taken care of them, had them move into his block and such. 









 That story went Hannibal Lector in a hurry.



(Slurping) 




 I don't remember having it explained to me. All I remember is needing my mom to come comfort me and tell me it would all be okay. That's the only way I'd sleep soundly. I would call it the 'death' thing and she would know what to do. 




 Put on clothes. 




 Leave your stupid comments in your pocket! 




 Had problems sleeping as a child. I would lay in the dark, crying, thinking about how I would out-live my family one day. 




 Ronald Ulysses "[Ron](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy9FRli7ODg)" Swanson. 




 Old Spice, anyone? 




 "The only thing more satisfying than convincing someone to do what I want, is failing to persuade them on purpose. It's like a "do not enter" sign, it just begs you to walk though the door."- Frank Underwood.




Easily my favorite House of Cards Quote. 




 Sympathy for the devil. " Please allow me to introduce myself..." 




 I live in Florida and I hear about California, L.A specifcally and am just terrified.  Lack of city planning and droughts and earthquakes and wild fires, etc.



Florida has heat and hurricanes, and we haven't had a hurricane in a few years. 




 Me too. Maybe. 




 Dude, enjoy.  




 The horse scene in The Cell....actually pretty much the whole movie.  




 Pay it forward.  




 He was buried under the Pentagon!  




 Multi-million dollar contract, my friend.  




 Christopher Nolan and Daniel Day Lewis 




 ...'S law blog.  




 From Pacific Rim, Stacker Pentecost. 




 Looking for characters from books, show, movies, etc. 




 it encapsulates the spirit of the show, the negativity and the bleakness of solving a serial homicide in the American rural south.  




 Depends on the disaster.  You will need to have area to farm but also a shelter to brave the elements.  Enough space for a group of people to live with in case you get sick and for companionship. 




 Lose: near sighted, hard of hearing, will go bald, propensity for high blood pressure, lupus, prone to addiction, teeth came out all fucked up and hair just...everywhere. 


Win: Freckles.  




 Favorite: The Boss (Metal gear solid 3)


Least favorite: The Witch (Left 4 dead) 




 Boats. In the stripped down traditional sense.  




 True Detective.  




 "I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one." 




 Iraq for the pass 40 years. 




 Stopped telling Christians they're wrong. I don't know. 




 "Move children, Vamonos!" 




Although, I prefer the monster outside the window. There was no music build up, just a quiet glance outside. *Chills* 




 Skyrim. 3 seconds from joining Eddard. 




 This is just the very final song and has an emotional moment tied to it. Sons of Anarchy is a gangland type show with a Shakespearean tragedy as it's core structure, if that interests you then by all means.  




 The movie has silly moments but down in the basement I was left as breathless as Morgan. The entirety of the film is a portrayal of how a man who loses his faith approaches an impossible situation. I well up every time I watch the movie at several scenes.The last supper when his kids finally see how terrified Graham is and they embrace him. 




 Sons of Anarchy just ended, cannot stop listening to or humming this [song](https://soundcloud.com/saul-yance/come-join-the-murder-the-white-buffalo-the-forest-rangers). 




 Bike ride, right into the side of a parked car. 




 96% of every name I ever hear. 




 Signs is probably my favorite Mel Gibson movie tied with Payback. I loved his performance as a widower who lost his faith struggling to provide assurances of safety to his children.


 




 Citizen Kane, the message of that movie holds so much wisdom in my mind about materialism and the tragedy of ambition. 




 Personal hygiene, can we all agree to shower? Wtf. Your breath stinks. 




 Explain your enthusiasm and if they don't share it, don't go over five minutes. 




 "I love you and the memories we shared. Our time together was chairshed, keep me in your heart. Remember me with fondness and smiles, don't weep."




Send All. 




 Sit down at the end of the day and try to re experience your day through memory. I believe this is a healthy brain exercise. 




 gilbert gottfried. 




 I think Eternal Sunshine OTSM. 




 "Bruce Lee stole my quote. Said John F. Kennedy."- Phillip Brooks 




 Speed. 


Spoilers? When the bus is speeding :D toward the plane, we see a bit in 1st person going toward the plane. The floor clearly has cables laid out being used to pull the camera toward the plane. These cables are gone in subsequent shots. 




 No, after when he was talking to Jonah Hill. 




 To barbecue bodies... 




 Pain and Gain. 




 Like 750k IIRC, its on Netflix in the US. 




 Shame.     Fantastic performance but it gets its message across the first time.  




 Zac Efron 




 I'm sorry. 




 8. 




 Carlos Mencia... 




 It's harmful to you too, careful. 




 It's Monopoly money. 




 "What the hell am I doing?" 




 ...come join the murder... 




 "A fisting mission?"


"Err, No snake. A fishing mission." 




 Ow my brain hurts!  




 Getting it now, are you going to make another? 




 :') oh life, you bitch. 




 Looking at you AMC. 




 Maybe Lars Von Trier instead.  Do you wake up with an overriding disdain for humanity? 




 Murder-suicide? Cheaper than a trip to fiji. 




 Wtf. You, I like you. 




 They'd be the ones to do it best. 




 Yay! A happy fairy tale ending to a story about cancer.  




 Like string of spaghetti. 




 What happens in Africa, stays in Africa. 




 In that case, buy several extension cords that reach out just next to your car. Rent out a tanning bed and plug in for him, in case he gets cold. Play some 60' rock from your house, he likes that but not when it's obnoxiously loud. If you see that he's scratching his nose a lot, bring him out some SPF 30+. His nose is very sensitive even during winter and can sunburn, this is hereditary. And tip 4.2%. 




 Is that why you ride the bus? 









 He has the keys to your house. Is that someone you want to treat poorly? Also, offer him something to drink and eat. If he is working in a hot area, point a fan in oscillating setting. You don't want him to be uncomfortable cold and get shriveled nipples. Treat him the the respect only beholden to locksmiths and pope's. When he takes a dump in your toilet, offer him the finest toilet paper, none of that single-ply second world bullshit. As a matter of fact, just let him wipe with any cotton comforter you have. Be a good host. Oh and he only likes George Carlin jokes so remember a bunch of those.



Source: Your locksmith. 




 That Hitler can Paint! Stalin's got a cool stache'. 




 Anything Purchase related, get your bills straight first. 




 FTW= For the win or for the world. Never bothered to look it up and it was before urban dictionary. 




 Some time travel movies bend my brain too hard, like Primer.  




 Ideas, in any idea I have, or most anyways, there are no advertisements or anyone to ruin it for me. I prefer the peace. Sometimes I like to sit on the floor and stare at the fucking wall. 




 Yes or no question. Answer: No. 




