 Black Car. Always burn my arm on the center console when I get in (on sunny days).  




 Downtown is great, but I have lived in Merriman Valley for 3 years in love it. Great bars, close proximity to downtown(5-10 min), state parks, etc. Like somebody else said though, don't live in Timbertop. Try Pheasant Run or Hampton Knoll.  




 I don't know about anyone else, but I really miss those Hunter: The Reckoning games on the PS2/XBOX. Some of the best co-op memories I've ever had.  




 I feel almost exactly the same. Sure there are some things I didn't like about the ending, but that is life. My big thing, which looks to be getting addressed, was the lack of closure. Add in some free DLC for someone who very much likes the multiplayer, and I give Bioware/EA a "thumbs up".

Keep in mind though, I still plan on thoroughly vetting Bioware's next release before I buy. No more preordering every game like I did with DA2 and ME3. To be honest, I still think Dragon Age 2 and EA "pimping out" the Bioware brand gets to me more than ME3 ever did.   




 May have playable content. I would not read too much into what was said there, as it is neither outright confirmed or denied.  




 Egwene.  




 Geez, excuse me for being an idiot. I read that probably 4 times, and thought it said, "You *can't* love your government...". 

My fault 




 I couldn't disagree more. I love this country and I love what it represents, and I feel that the government, as well as the people in control of it (and policy making) are slowly destroying this country. The fact that people even believe a statement like this is proof of that, in my opinion. 

EDIT: I'm a moron; misread text. 




 Am I the only one that thinks it wouldn't have to be 14 movies long? Sure, the first one should be based off of EotW, but after that I imagine they could take out a lot of filler and condense the series into about 7 or so movies. Maybe even less if they decide to leave certain events out completely.  




 Asshole much? (good job deleting your other posts) 




 I gave you an example in the post above of as to why, so I will not repeat it here. Also, while I agree that the ending was not good at all and has potentially cost Bioware/EA my business, I find it ironic that you describe my opinion on this matter as a difference in taste. One could argue that for every opinion that people have on the last 5% of Mass Effect 3. 

The harsh reality is that many (not all) people attempting to return Mass Effect 3 are scorned fans trying to get back at BioWare/EA any way they can, and looking for ways to make a quick $60 without justification. Much of the way people react to anything BioWare related now, and to other people who don't hold the same beleifs as this sub-reddit, reinforces this. Sadly though and also somewhat ironic, with business being a dog-eat-dog world, this is probably going produce a bigger impact than probably any other protesting method would. 

Also, let me just say that I support almost everything else being done to show BioWare/EA our displeasure, and a lot of what they do in the next few weeks will be the deciding factor in whether or not I will ever buy another game from them again.  




 So is a music CD. 




 Yes, it is my say, because it's my opinion. Just because you are allowed to ask for you money back doesn't make it the thing to do. I am going to take my box of Raisin Bran back to the store because there wasn't enough raisins in by last bowl of cereal. If I bitch enough, maybe they'll give me my money back. That doesn't make me any less of an asshole though.   




 Me: Shepard.

Cleverbot: Commander Shepard.

Me: Yes.

Cleverbot:Well, do it.

Me: Do the Shepard?

Cleverbot:I'm doing it, but you can't see me. 




 I'd probably toss the shit in the guys face, and then demand to speak to the manager. This would most likely result in me getting my money back, but it really doesn't have anything to do with what I mentioned above. A bad ending in a videogame is a lot different than a mouthful of shit. You don't see people returning DVDs for refunds because they didn't like the ending of Lost, or taking back books just because they didn't like the ending. 

Generalizations like this are garbage. It's one thing to be upset with a company like Bioware and speak with your wallet, and it's something entirely different when you try to weasel out of paying $60+ for a game you just played the entire way through. I for one, probably won't be buying another BioWare/EA product without first making sure via reviews and customer opinion that the game is actually good. They've lost my trust, and as a company they will have to earn it back. That is how spending money works.  




 Hoping this is a joke. I still think it is beyond ridiculous to play a game all the way through and then ask for your money back, regardless of how the ending made you feel.  




 Fuck that. I wanted Aria. 




 What.the.fuck? 




 [Dystonia Cheerleader](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ztiAN9k584)

[Walk it out remix](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qELbA6cKrPc) 




 I wish some of these were higher res.  




 I'm almost afraid to post in this thread for fear of getting downvoted. Almost... 




 I started in late November 2011. Just finished up ToM last week.  




 So it can't be both? 




 [Source Post](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/rcpab/artificial_habitat/) 




 Mass Effect 2 was not as heavily advertised as 3 was, and Skyrim was released during the holiday season. With more examples, I'd be willing to accept that this was in part due to the endings, but I think this is just conjecture.  









 Looks kinda like the Citadel in Mass Effect 




 Your choices are reflected throughout the entire 3rd game sans the last 5 minutes. That doesn't mean you wont get a completely unique experience for the first 25 hours. In fact, its been proven you will. 




 Its kind of ironic that everyone is talking about how much better the ending would be with this stuff when almost every line of dialog was in the game.  




 Good thing Mass Effect 3 isn't a bad game. This is kinda getting out of hand.  




 You can't really mirror what the player is going through because each player is going to handle the situation differently.  




 In my opinion, creating brand new endings would be a disservice to everyone, especially the people that don't mind the current ending. I still think we should get more closure, and perhaps have some of the storylines that we followed throughout the series wrapped up, but completely re-writing the ending because a large portion of the gaming community doesn't agree with it isn't the answer. 

IMO, re-writing the endings would be the equivalent of taking a toy from one kid and giving it to the another that's crying because he doesn't have it (I am by no means saying that anyone is crying, just an analogy). I would rather see compromise.  




 You explained my sentiment exactly.  




 To be fair, anything that involves one weapon wiping out an entire race of super-beings is going to be space magic. 




 In all honesty, I think the endings themselves weren't bad at all. The main problem was the lack of content associated with each ending. I am just speaking for myself, but I would be happy if Bioware added about 10-15 minutes of extra, *unique*, content into each ending to allow for a little diversity between playthroughs and to close up to unfinished story beats. This in turn would give them the opportunity to add closure to a lot of the storylines (as well as Renegade/Paragon consequences) that have been progressing throughout the course of the series.  




 Thanks for the link. I was wondering if I could get larger versions of these images.  




 I feel comfortable with a sword now, I quite enjoy wielding one. I wouldn't profess to be good in a real life and death situation. Enough to maybe hopefully impress the ladies.

Best line in the interview 
 




 Most other have already been mentioned, but I really like the scenes with Mat and Talmanes (also, the Band in general). Also at the very end when Olver opens up the letter from Verin.  




 I think your description of this moment makes it even better.  




 [Fight Club](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0137523/quotes) 

EDIT: I'm a dumbass, and I thought you were asking where the "His name was Marauder Shields." came from.  




 I was thinking of this one too.  




 Now I feel like I have to go to my Walmart and see if they have this shirt. 




 Neither did I. I google'd and came up with this: 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Sue 




 I stand corrected. I didn't realize WoT fans were that upset over some of the later books in the series.  




 is it just me or do most of the one star reviews actually talk about how good the book is? 




