 Into your lap? Where were you sitting when she shot him? I'm so sorry dude. That's so fucked up.  




 That fucking amazing! You are fucking amazing and I'm super stoked for you. You did something so few have the courage or capacity to undertake, and then you decided to follow your dreams. Outstanding! As someone who's gone through a transformation and about to follow her dreams, this helped affirm that I'm on the right path! I wish you good luck!  




 That's funny...I'll be in Bangkok in less than a month, and from there I'm moving to Chiang Mai. I live in the most popular city in the US right now...Charleston, SC. But not for long! 




 It probably has a lot to do with the fact that I work in a town full of pretentious yuppies. It's considered a 'rich town', full of million dollar homes, and people who are way above middle class. In the town I grew up in, people are much nicer, I get along with every single stranger and acquaintance. It's just whenever I get into the next town and I have to deal with all of the self-entitled yuppies....there are a lot of them, and they can be quite demanding and nasty. I treat everyone nicely though, life's too short to be grumpy! Kill 'em with kindness! :D 




 That's awesome! You're amazing! 




 I have a ton of hobbies and I usually just go knit or make some jewelry when I get bored instead of eat. My biggest struggle was people wanting to constantly shove carbs in my face and I had to snap a few times before it stopped. I love my mom, and her baking is sooo good, it seriously was torture going to her house for a while there. Haha! Cutting down my calories was probably the toughest part, but once I got used to 1200 calories it was easy. That took about two weeks. Thanks a bunch and good luck to you! :D 




 I did all of my own research. I started to look at the nutrition contents on every thing. I learned about how the body changes when you switch to low carb. I learned about good cholesterol and bad cholesterol. I learned that BMI is not bullshit when it's measured properly. And I learned that it takes some work to lose weight, but it really is just calories incalories out = weight loss. I suggest if your struggling to lose weight, start a food diary and get an activity tracker. I wear a Fitbit and I love it! :D 




 I switched birth control. Went form a low estrogen one to a high estrogen one and my body had to adjust.  




 I switched birth control. Went form a low estrogen one to a high estrogen one and my body had to adjust.  




 I've been called a skinny bitch by at least 5 women. Some times it's comes off as,"Haha! You're such a skinny bitch." But I had one woman who walked away from me and told her friend on the phone that I was a skinny bitch because I didn't interrupt her while she was checking out. All of my friends are really supportive and I've made quite a few new friends too. Coworkers were the worst, they were the petty women who told me I was just going to gain all the weight back and then some. And now that I'm more confident, I talk to more people. I always remember the nasty ones more though. I'm the awkward girl who waves at every passing car and says good morning to everybody. I said good morning and smiled to this lady leaning against her car as a ran past yesterday, and she just glared at me. I'm telling you what I've experienced, maybe it's different for you, and that's pretty cool. Maybe I should come move to your town! Haha! 




 Oh it's rarely direct. It's usually really passive aggressive or condescending. Or I'll say hello or good morning and I'll just get ignored. Probably has a lot to do with the fact that I normally dress and look like a teenager too. But, maybe it's just my imagination too.  




 I have make up on in that picture, and I was going through a hormonal imbalance that was fucking up my estrogen levels, so I look more feminine. I just woke up in the final one but my legs and abdomen are much more defined, and I'm more healthy now than then. 




 Yes to the first question, and it took about four months until I actually started to get excited about going for a run. 




 Thanks, The pictures are dated. 




 Just look at my legs in the 10th photo. They are getting bigger. my waist is just getting more toned because the fat is finally gone. 




 Would you take a moment and look at the difference in the size of my legs from photo 9 to photo 10? My legs are much larger and more defined in photo 10, and the only thing that is getting smaller now is my belly. I'm actually beginning to work on gaining more muscle and I've never felt better in my life. I have much more energy, and I even eat more too.  




 I actually want to start gaining, and I've been adding more protein to my diet. I don't think I have the capacity to become anorexic either. I like food waaaay too much. I love when I finish dinner and I have around an extra 100 calories left, it's chocolate and soy milk time! Or ice cream. I love me some ice cream. 




 Apparently me. Haha! wow. 




 I get that a lot. 




 I went to see a dermatologist and was prescribed tretinoin cream and I also did a bunch of red light therapy for them. I can't feel them either. 




