 I should also add that not anyone can get their books in actual bookstores. Self-publishers do well, sometimes, with ebooks. But physical books still make up the vast majority of the market and bookstores don't and can't just put everything on shelves.  









 I like King--see username--but I think the whole "no one respects King!" line is pretty rubbish at this point: 

* He won a National Book Award (THE lit snob org in America) "Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters"

* He has been published in the New Yorker, McSweeneys, and other snobby lit mags. 

* He edited an issue of Best American Short Stories

* He has won lit awards like the O. Henry

I could go on and on, but basically, the lit world is not afraid of Stephen King anymore... if they ever were.  




  Anyone can publish anything for all the world to see, regardless of race/sex/religion.

Questions of race and sex aside, this doesn't really address the problem. Sales are highly correlated with marketing. Sure, anyone can self-publish, but when all the marketing is behind the John Grishams, Stephen Kings, and Jodi Picoults of the world those will be the authors who get read.  














   I've just never been a fan of many female authors, I don't know why, I just can't get into their books as much. I don't feel like I should force myself to read more female authors, or black authors, because honestly I only care about the books they write.

I guess to me it seems odd to say you "don't care" for the artistic output of 50% of the human population (or more, since you are including black authors with women.) That just seems really odd to me. The range of writing by women is huge, just as the range of male writing is huge.  









  If people do choose to read/publish/nominate books by white male authors over anyone else, and they do this subconsciously... then how exactly is anyone going to stop them doing that?

Well you probably help alleviate that by making everyone conscious of these issues so they can't just be subconscious about it. You know? 

I always thought I read widely, but when I was in college and got into these conversations and I actually counted my reading list and... it was overwhelmingly white men. Now, since I'm conscious of it, my reading list is more diverse. No one forced me to do anything.  




  I don't think you should be concerned, however. White males, more specifically white people have always been dominant in the publishing industry. 

Yeah it seems silly to be concerned when publishing is still dominated by Fraznen, Lethem, Gaiman, etc. The SF world, where the sad puppies got all mad, is still like 100% white men as far as sales go... and even awards. Scazli, VanderMeer, yada yada. 

White male writers are not a dying breed. 
 









 There were a bunch of articles posted on /r/books and /r/writing about how someone analyzed the last 15 years of award winners in the major lit awards and not only were men much more likely to win, but the women writers who won did so for books that were written ABOUT men. Point being, sexism and racism are pretty pervasive and their effects reach really widely. 

You might THINK that sex wouldn't be relevant other than memoirs, but in reality people judge women to be inferior writers off the bat, publishers are far less likely to publish fiction by non-white writers, judges will unconciously favor classic straight white male writers, and so on.  
































































 This is pretty much right, except some CNF can use a different form. Could be a list, or memoir, or a "nonfiction novel," etc. 

But a CNF essay is a sub form of essays overall for sure.  




 Well "essays" encompass a lot of things, including creative nonfiction. But there is definitely a difference between say a lyric essay and a high school English class essay. 

Basically, roughly, "creative nonfiction" is trying to be art of some sort while your average school essay is not. In the former, you want style, voice, formal experimentation, and anything else you'd associate with artistic writing. In the latter, you want to strip down the style, use a very rigid formula (intro paragraph, thesis sentence at the end, body paragraphs with topic sentences, conclusion summing up previous paragraphs, etc.)  



















  (though I bet there are a couple of authors making that kind of money or more, just with individual sales rather than a long-term contract.)

Sure, probably Suzanne Collins and Stephen King (who has some SciFi stuff). Not many though.  




 Man, 3.4 million doesn't seem like much? The cut-off for the top 1% is under $300k a year. Scalzi is quite literally the 1% now, and his actual yearly income will be a lot more (as he gets royalties from already published books, film option money, and so on). 

 I assume he still gets royalties from sales and stuff?

From past books, yes. From these books, probably not unless they become mega best sellers. It would take a lot of sales to earn out 3.4 million advance, but it depends on how the contract is broken down. 

In general, the way advances work is you get money upfront and your royalty earnings go against that until you pass it. So if you get $1,000 in an advance and you earn $1 dollar every book sale, then your first 1,000 books sold would go against the advance. You'd start making money after book sale 1,001.  




 It's a first-person memoir 
































































 Sure! Sorry, these responses get lost in these long threads, here is what I said before: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/37i2og/sexual_violence_in_george_rr_martins_novels_is/crmx99n

Essentially, the storyline just puts Sansa back int he same position she was for most of the series, which isn't that intersting. We've already seen Sansa tortured and locked up with no place to go. It's just repetitive. So it bothers me in the same way that Dany's redundant storyline bothers me. The rape itself doesn't offend me personally.  









  I'm saying that I can agree with you that the storytelling is lackluster so far in the season, but until we see where the payoffs lay in their respective plots, we can't pass a truly comprehensive judgment of the current scenes.

Fair enough!  




  I guess I don't get what separates this particular plot line from any other horrible occurrence in this series. Why does the writing on this get second-guessed when horrible stuff happening to all the other Starks gets an ok?

I explained my reasoning above! It has nothing to do with it being horrible--I'm one of those who fully thinks the books are MORE rape-filled and that the show is not a particularly bad example of sexual violence on TV. In fact, some rape victims I know like that the show actually presents rape as a horrible and ever-present thing, as it is in life for many women, instead of white-washing everything. 
 









  I don't think Roose knows about Ramsay raping and torturing Sansa, 

She's locked in a tower and never let out (except to show her flayed women). I think he knows.

 I mean look at Tywin's attempts to control who Tyrion does or doesn't have sex with, 

Tyrion and Tywin are almost never together, not normally even in the same region. When Tywin DOES come to King's Landing he DOES break up Tyrion's relationship. 

 Regardless, this all comes across like backseat writing because people don't want bad things to happen to the characters they like. 

You've got me pegged wrong. I'm a total character sadist. Just think this particular plot line is stagnant.  




  The problem is that what media you enjoy cannot possibly hope to participate in the most interesting mode of its own expression without forgoing some other or later "interesting" gratification.

I honestly am not sure what you are trying to argue here. I'm saying that some of the storylines this season have gone in boring, redundant, or nonsensical (ie Dorne) directions. That's a criticism of the narrative and the storytelling. I'm not complaining about individual scenes, but the narrative and storytelling failures. 

Obviously you can disagree with me about the storytelling, but this isn't like... "SJW" complaining. 

 




  For the character to remain consistent with how he's been defined, yes. What else would you recommend, that his character suddenly change overnight to be someone completely different?

There are myriad ways this could have gone other than raping sansa. Off the top of my head: 

* Roose could have forced Ramsay to not torture Sansa (he'd had several "stop just torturing Northern lords" speeches this season, so that would be consistent) and as a result, maybe Ramsay starts torturing Miranda or forcing Sansa to watch that. 

* Ditto, but Ramsay takes his frustrations out on someone else. 

* Or the wedding could have been delayed until after Stannis attacks. 

* Or Brienne could have gone on a rescue mission. 

All of the above would be consistent with Ramsay's character. 

 Or that the rapes all happen off page, out of sight out of mind?

Well I DO agree  that it is silly for people to be like "Raping Sansa is sexist! It was so much better when Martin wrote him raping and torturing a poor girl instead!"

But the storytelling and character arcs and stagnant right now 




 Agree, BUT I do think there are legitimate criticisms of that plotline. I thought Sansa's assault was, um, tastefully filmed compared to many other rapes on the show. Obviously the Jamie "we didn't mean for it to be a rape" rape is the worst example. 

But at the same time, the character arc for Sansa was that she was developing into her own, learning how to manipulate via Littlefinger, and becoming confident. For her to just go back to being abused and locked up with no agency just returns her to the same state she was in for most of the series. It's kind of lazy storytelling. 

Similarly, we've had plenty of scenes to show us that Ramsay is evil. Do we really need yet another rape and/or torture thing with Ramsay? Even as his father is telling him he needs to keep the North in line by making people think they are aligned with the Starks? 

There were more interesting ways for the show to go. Even having Ramsay force Sansa to torture Miranda or something would have been more interesting.  




 Well it IS true that a lot of fanboys/girls pretend that the show is "adding" rape when... the opposite is true. 

Like lots of people think that Dany wasn't raped by Drogo, but the actual book depicts her crying into her pillow every night as he takes her from behind and she writhes in pain afterwards. They think that because there is ONE scene where Drogo asks permission--nevermind it is a 13 year old girl literally sold to him without wanting to be--that he never rapes her, but that's some poor reading comprehension.  









 This should be pretty obvious to anyone who has read the books 














 Well, sure, but if a book sold a ton of copies and got lots of press, it is fair to critique it. Basically, it's a famous book. That's different than a debut from a writer that didn't sell well, which is maybe weirder to spend time attacking. That's all I was saying.  









 * Small Beer Press (Kelly Link runs this, weird but awesome stuff)

* ChiZine (horror/dark fantasy focused) 

* Coffee House Press (literary press, but do fantasy horror stuff like Brian Evenson)

* Tin House Press (ditto, lit press but do genre-bending stuff)

 














  I didn't like it much either, but throw a debut novel a bone. It's not supposed to be Tolstoy.

To be fair, this wasn't just a random debut book, but perhaps the most hyped science fiction debut in years.  




 Haven't read the book, but your review sums up the impression I got from the book, even the positive reviews made it seem like lame ninja/pirate/bro-nerd humor. But I guess I should read myself to find out.  










































































 Honestly it seems like more and more big name self-publishing people are moving back to trad publishing, or else doing both like Hugh Howey 









 yeah, I don't think readers here understand how advances work. Advances are just money up front paid out of your royalties. So if you get 15% royalties and 100k advance, you don't get anymore money until your book has earned 100k+ and then you earn the money over 100K 




  An author far more likely to self publish than most.

hasn't Scalzi been pretty open about not wanting to self publish? Just because someone has an internet prescence doesn't mean they want to self-publish 




 Yeah, "individual opinion" makes no sense here. Publishing houses put out dozens of books each month. This NYT author does not read them all. There is no way that her taste is some reflection of her honest opinion of all books out there... it can't be. 

If the list is 100% white, that's the fault of a systemic racism, prejudice in publishing houses, and the author's own prejudices.  




 Fantastic book, definitely his best collection of stories (although not quite as good as his best novels IMHO) 









 countpoint: miserable books can be horribly entertaining. I mean, Thomas Bernhard is hilarious but his books are miserable and depressing. Cormac McCarthy is very entertaining and engrossing, even though his books are dark, horrible journeys into death and destruction. 

Agree, though, that balance is good.  







































 The specific Jeff VanderMeer work you cited is SF :) But yes, he's done fantasy work too. Agree it's "weird fiction" but it's also about an alien entity creating a mini apocalypse while a crumbling but near futuristic bureaucracy of scientists tries to probe it. Pretty sf!

 IMO the prevalence of the mega novel isn't really important when there are plenty of non-mega novels. And anyways mega-novels (aka series) can be great fun.

Sounds like we both agree the main thing is the author needs to read wider, as there are plenty of great short fantasy works.  









 To your first point, let me quote her: 

  **If the usual big-fantasy detail is taken out and you only sketch a plot, you get a fairytale.** If you write real high fantasy in 4,000 words, details and all, it tends to be a snippet, not a story. **If its something set in a basically real world but with a fantasy element, its not fantasy so much as speculative fiction**, or alternative history, or a ghost story. That means that there is an **incredibly narrow taxonomical window in which short fiction can be recognised as fantasy at all.**

So I really do think she's defining everything that's urban fantasy, fable-like, short, magical realism, etc. as "not fantasy." She says the "taxanomical window" is super narrow. 

 As for the likes of Jeff VanderMeer, he's a SF writer and I've said a few times in this thread the "mega novel" is nowhere near as prevalent in science fiction as fantasy.  




 This is actually a studio arts MFA, not a writing MFA. Not that you are wrong generally speaking though 







































 I can't believe I left Marquez off my last post, I read him at ever level of school 









 Also, as far as America goes, we are geographically very far away. It makes sense that, say, French students would study Italian, Spanish and German writers when they border those countries. 

OTOH, America is shameful in how little Mexican literature we read.  




 No Spanish language work? Borges, Cortazar, Cervantes and some others are pretty widely taught at the various schools I went to. (Plus Neruda and others if you study any poetry). 

But agree it's pretty English or European languages centric in America. I read virtually no Asian or African literature at any level of school.  




 I'm with you, I read Doestovesky and I think Checkov in public school, and Tolstoy and others in college.  




 Street of Crocodiles is great, but pretty weird. Like more poetic Kakfa stories.  




 Walter is a completely idiotic critic, that's true. Every SF/F writer thinks he is a buffoon. So, yeah, both of these people wrote bad articles. 

 High fantasy is defined as works taking place in imaginary worlds

Her problem is in arguing that only "high fantasy" is "fantasy" though. I think that's what people are reacting too. She defines urban fantasy as "speculative fiction" and other kinds of fantasy as "fairy tales." If she had just said "epic high fantasy requires long books" that wouldn't be quite as problematic. 

 I mean fantasy publishers have always enjoyed the trilogy, but it's not just a crass commercial desire, it is what high fantasy is good at.

I don't blame publishers, I blame writers. But keep in mind that modern fantasy epics are way longer than the classics. 

The gold standard Lord of the Rings is a trilogy, but it is only 470,000 words in total. For comparison's sake, A Dance With Dragons ALONE is 420,000. ASOIAF will probably end up being six times as long as LOTR. 

The Wheel of Time was 7 times as long as LOTR. 

Modern fantasy series have bloated to pretty crazy proportions. Nothing wrong with it, but I don't think you can look at things like ASOIAF and Wheel of Time and say that's how high fantasy has to be. It didn't use to be that way.  




 More words means more chance for details, that's true by definition I think. But it's true of horror, historical fiction, realism, or anything else. It doesn't really prove the article's claim that fantasy doesn't work well in shorter form.   




 Disagree, because what I'm saying is that the "world building" is plenty complete in one book. Like, only reading Dune or The Left Hand does a fine job of building the world (pretty sure the Hanish books all take place on different planets with different aliens, so they literally build a new world each book... at least Left Hand does). 

I mean, I don't think this is unique to SF though. The Hobbit does a fine job world building by itself. So do other single novel fantasy works. 

 




 The Left Hand of Darkness is purely self contained, and so is Consider Phelbas. 

wikipedia: Le Guin herself has discounted the idea of a "Hainish Cycle", writing on her website that "The thing is, they aren't a cycle or a saga. They do not form a coherent history. There are some clear connections among them, yes, but also some extremely murky ones.

And the Culture books are all pretty self contained to. Dune is the first book of a series, true, but it's 100% self-contained. It has a complete narrative with traditional arcs and a classic ending. 

Like, you can't just read book 1 of the Lord of the Rings, Wheel of Time, or A Song of Ice and Fire and get a full story. Those books follow the same characters through long periods of time, often with a specific quest or series of goals. 

Le Guin's Hanish books don't follow the same characters or stories, they just technically take place in the same universe. 

It's like the difference between an episode of a TV show and a movie that years later gets a sequel. Sure, the movie is technically part of a series but it's still a complete narrative in the way an episode of narrative TV show isn't.  




  I do think that sci fi gets to short cut a lot of world building because it is by-and-large our world, with some significant differences.

Honestly, I think this is not true on two levels. 

1) Plenty of SF takes place on totally alien worlds (The Left Hand of Darkness, Dune, Consider Phelbas, etc.)

2) Plenty of fantasy is by-and-large our world in the past plus some significant differences. Like, is A Song of Ice and Fire any further away from Medieval Europe than Do Androids Dream... was from 1968 America? 




  the author certainly does have a point that the worldbuilding that makes up the backbone of a lot of fantasy requires a pretty significant page count.

My counter: science fiction uses just as much world building, but--although big series certainly exist--it is far more common for SF novels to be totally stand alone. Even in a lot of the series out there--Dune, the Culture novels, etc.--you can just read one book and have it be a complete narrative. 

So why does fantasy require more pages than SF? I think it's just convention of the fandom. Tolkien started modern high fantasy and the other big pillars like Martin and Jordan followed his lead with huge epic series.  




 Kafka is huge and widely studied. Celine is respected and pretty well known, ditto Bernhard (but neither are taught that often). Bruno Schulz and especially Calvino are taught in college pretty frequently. 

America is so big and has so many writers, that American literature dominates in America for sure. But plenty of classic European authors are read and taught. Everyone I just named previously I was taught in HS, college, or grad school at some point.  



















 4,000 words is a standard short story. 15 pages maybe?  









 Oh yeah I'm not saying you shouldn't post it, just saying I disagree with the author completely.  




 Even though I posted this, it seems like total BS to me. Basically, she defines "fantasy" as being giant sprawling world building work--dismissing other stuff as "fairy tales" or "speculative fiction--so... yeah if you define fantasy as giant world building work, then it will have to be giant and involve loves of world building.  



















 I don't get this at all. Giant world building epics that cover huge spans of time are only ONE type of fantasy. Plenty of fantasy works in short form. Hell, the genre spins out from fairy tales which are like 3 pages long 



















 $$ 





























 50k is "next to nothing"? Most websites would consider a 50k story to be very good traffic.  














  Kindles weren't as popular (were they even around? My memory is a little fuzzy on their introduction)

Kindles were introduced in 2007 I think, so were definitely around in 2010.  







































   but what book should I just NOT read yet if I don't want to spoil any major plot developments in the show?

This is a funny reversal of the normal problem. But here's the answer: 

Books 4 5 are concurrent and cover same time span, so think of them as one for your purposes. The TV show right now is about halfway through the material of books 4/5 (while completely changing many of the storylines.)

So if you truly want no potential spoilers, wait till the end of this season to read 4/5. 

But since the show is already much of the way through those books and changing so much, you could probably read both without spoiling anything terribly major. It actually seems like the TV show will end with several scenes from the unwritten book 6.  

 














 Well books 4   5 are the worst of the bunch, so I'd eather start with book 1 or don't read at all.  




 The one you like the most? 

Jesus' Son is probably my personal answer 









 that article is pretty vague. Seems like she is just freelancing?  



















 has anyone here read this yet?  





























 Depends on what we mean by plotless. I posted this article after it was mentioned in a thread (on r/fantasy) where someone was claiming that Station Eleven was plotless and prentious for not having a plot. 

Station Eleven though does have a plot and borrows from pulp sources and was a best seller. So the fact that someone could read that and think, "where's the plot?" seems to be telling for how overly focused many readers on on traditional classic narrative arcs.  




 Raymond Chandler 














 Rock Springs is an amazing short story collection. That's all I've read though. 

They are easy reads, I'd say in the vein of a slightly more poetic Raymond Carver.  



















 Yeah, just came out from Vintage in the states 









 most of those are just really famous books that are taught in high schools.... 



















 urtext (plural urtexts)

A primitive, seminal, or prototypical example of an artistic genre or the basis of an ideological movement.

I think he means it here as seminal. 




 Not a fan of Franzen, but trying to lolcat writers with out of context quotes is pretty juvenile.  




 I'm not really saying depth is in the eye of the beholder, I'm saying that texts that invite many meanings and interpretations are richer than those that don't. 

Like, a children's book with a very clear moral ("Listen to your parents!" "be yourself and people will like you!" or whatever) is a shallower kind of book even when the message is a good and important one ("Racism is bad!"). When adult books are written like that, with very clear morals or a very simple overall point, I think that makes them less interesting and, yeah, I guess less "deep." 

I certainly agree with you that many works of supposed avant garde work fail by being simpply meaningLESS as opposed to inviting lots of different meaning. Some random art school kids banging on bongo drums naked while covered in paint might invite no real meaning or thought at all.  




  Work which cultivates an illusion of depth--whether that depth is inherent or interpretive is aside from the point.

By my metric, it isn't an illusion: depth of meaning comes from the text's ability to support and suggest multiple meanings, whether in Shakespeare, Philip K. Dick, or modern lit fic. Works with simple, clear "points" have less depths of meaning than those that suggest more complicated and contradictory points.

But I do think that you are conflating a lot of different things here that make your argument less sturdy. For example, I haven't really seen how anything you say is unique to literary fiction. All of your claims seem like they could just as easily apply to Gene Wolfe, Ursula K. Le Guin, Samuel Deleany, or any other number of celebrated science fiction and fantasy writers.  









 Lots of readers find formulaic YA books boring and don't get hooked on reading until they discover Kafka and Faulkner. Point being: different strokes for different folks.  




  I'm talking about it in terms of a feeling that you comprehend everything that occurred and the meaning underlying those events.

Well, I think you are mistaken in thinking that most adult fiction has "meaning" underlying events. Fiction is an artistic object, and the "meaning" is in the totality of the work and the experience reading it. The work that tends to get celebrated in any medium or genre is the work that is rich with meaning... in which many different interpretations can exist. Think of the one million different interpretations of every Shakespeare play that have been written or performed over the years. 

Certainly Shakespeare's plays have very clear plots, but they don't have clear simplistic meanings, which makes them rich experiences. 

Here's another example: 

The Shining. 

The Shining book and the Shining film (both of which are great) have the same plot, more or less. But many people find the Shining film to be more imbued with multiple meanings and interpretations, while the same events and the same character decisions and the same plot points (more or less) in the books feel less interesting because Stephen King has a more simplistic framework to convey those plot points and actions. 

What makes the Shining film better, at least to some, has nothing to do with avoiding conventional plot elements. 

Also, now that you've defined your terms more, i really don't see why you think what you are saying is unique to lit fiction. Le Guin, Delaney, Ballard, Wolfe,... most great SF/F authors have "unclear" points behind the action. That's not about literary vs. genre. I think it's true that most literary fiction has less dramatic action and less clear character arcs, but that doesn't mean that literary or genre have more or less clear "meaning" behind the actions and events that occur. 

 yet the entire book insists there is a point.

Speaking as an author who knows many authors, I don't think many fiction writers think there is "a point" to their work anymore than there is a simple, singular "point" to an orchestra piece or a painting.  




 They are very different books, but my point is that books can have a strong plot and still have much of the book not deal with the plot. (and yes, I read Station Eleven). Someone else mentioned Moby-Dick in here and that's a perfect example. It has a very strong, very clear, very simple plot. But at least half the book doesn't deal with the plot, but instead with side characters, side adventures, or just literal scientific descriptions of whales and ships. 




 What percentage of Harry Potter or LOTR are directly about the main plot? Even those books are filled with world building, descriptions of food, side conversations, etc. 




 You seem to be conflating summary and meaning. I can summarize Station Eleven just as easily as LOTR or any plot heavy book (a theater troupe travels around a post apocalyptic America), but why is that where meaning comes from? I don't think anyone would say the depth or meaning of LOTR has to do with hobbits throwing a ring in a mountain really.

I'd understand you if you were talking about a confusing postmodern book where events and action are unclear, but Station Eleven and most lit fic has very clear plot, action, and events 




 I really hate when people pretend that things they don't like aren't liked by anyone. Tons of people like Faulkner and Joyce! Their books are still read many years after their death. Why pretend all their readers don't exist?  




 Here's another thing about lit fiction that might be the cause: MFAs/teaching. 

In MFA classes, you focus on sentences, voice, and character. I went to an MFA and there was almost no talk of plot. I guess this is still a chicken   egg question, but I think part of the reason is that workshops take place for an hour or so, so you have to read short stories instead of novels, and it's much easier to talk about the voice and style of a short story than the plot... at least in a way that would translate to a plot of a novel. You know?  




 I hear what you are saying, but there is a counterpoint: using a familiar plot is EASIER. It's already there ready for you to use, and people are way more likely to appreciate it. 

Sure, maybe some snobby high brow people will scoff at something formulaic, but you only have to look at the list of recent blockbusters to see how lucrative--and even acclaimed--you can get just recycling the same things over and over. Basically any movie can make millions by using a standard plot and buying the rights to a famous name (even if there is like no relation to the original property and the movie like in GI Joe or Battleship)

In general, people love what is familiar. Hell, that's what genre fiction is based on: using the same tropes and themes with only minor variation so that readers know what to expect. (There are forward-thinking exceptions of course)

So I don't think you are wrong, but the opposite is true too. 

 I think, in part, literary fiction tends to be plot less because it allows them to maintain that vague air of depth and meaning that could come under fire if it were forced to conform to a concrete conflict/journey.

I'm not sure I totally follow you here. Does depth only come from plot or lack of plot? Often "depth" has to do with the themes and presentation of ideas much more than plot, even in genre fiction. Like, Do Androids Dream... might have a standard noir plot, but the digressions and exploration of AI and such were new and "deep" 









 No. Next question.  




 "Plot" is no more essential to a novel than anything else. Lots of great books have classic, standard plots. Lots don't. 

I like a good conventional plot, but they are normally pretty unrealistic and rest on coincidences, unrealistic character triumphs, and other artificial devices. Because of that, lit fiction probably tends more toward plotless books since it tends to want to be more "realistic." (The non-realistic literary fiction works: postmodern, magical realism, whatever, tend to have more plot than the domestic realism stuff.)  









 yeah it's an interesting topic, that we obviously talked about on here a lot with the Ishiguro / Le Guin flap. 

I do think that it's very possible to absorb genre tropes in today's world without ever reading genre. You know? Like I knew the tropes of noir from Calvin + Hobbes comics and kids cartoons when they did parodies of them. It would be very easy to write a novel that incorporated tropes without ever having read a book in that genre (but just watched films and TV shows and what not).  




 I haven't read it yet so don't know, but I have a copy on my table and it has blurbs from Terry Gilliam, Alan Moore, and Jeff VanderMeer. Seems pretty awesome.  














