 Actually, Louis Armstrong was the first musician to admit of his recognitional use of cannabis.

"It's a thousand times better than whiskey - it's an assistant - a friend." 




 1. Calgary. 

2. Beach Baby.

3. Re: stacks. 

Honestly, I don't admire Bon Iver because of Justin's profound lyrics, nor his musical genius. I like his slow, winery setting he puts me into even on the hot, turbulent days we have too much of here in the Middle East.  




 I'm 17 and two weeks I made plans to meet with an absolutely stunning girl who I presumed to be interested in me (we've been texting for a while before). Anyways, the night beforehand I was indescribably anxious. What if I look ugly? What if there would be an awkward silence? What if it would be cold and I'll look like a sissy? All kind of these questions ran through my mind. 

I couldn't sleep and I wondered if she felt the same, and actually that morning I didn't wanna meet her but eventually I just did it. I drove over and we hung out for four hours, and you wouldn't believe how fluid it went there. You just look at her face, listen to what she said and you find something stupid to say, and honestly for some reason women like when guys say stupid things. Just laugh, and choose to do what you know is beneficial, and I believe you can make that judgement.  









 Thanks for the reply. I could relate to a lot of things you said. 
Well, sometimes I go out and I feel fucking great. I'm also looking fairly well so meeting girls isn't much of a problem for me, but sometimes I'm just feeling so lonely. Like I've no one to talk about my depression, so I just write. I wrote entire fictions about depression and romanticism and that seems to be helping a bit. 
The thing is that this sadness just rests during the day, as if I'm ignoring it, but at some point it bursts out quickly and all at once. A cute girl can ask me for the time and I can think of her literally for days, what a coward I was for not talking with her and get into this fucking train of thought of how pathetic I am.
I think music has a lot to do with it. Whenever I listen to Jazz I feel much better, but whenever I listen to one of the great, sad songs I like I feel sad.  




 There're so many thoughts running through my mind right now and yet I've no clue how to even begin this. I'm 17 years old living somewhere in the Middle East and I've been dealing with the same shit teenagers go through, experiencing the misfortunes of love far too young, dealing with sadness far too often, having the same dreams every goddamn day and waking up into a grey world when it's not even rainy. 

I laugh at how much stupid I might seem to you right now. Hell, I'm only seventeen, and I'm getting depressed over love? There are far worse things to be depressed about. Especially in the Middle East. 

Honestly, I'm hesitant to label myself as depressed. I know depression is a strong term that's often misused, but I don't know if I'm feeling just sad. I think I'm stuck in self-pity because I tell myself a thousand times a day that I'm so pathetic. Like last week I drove to meet a girl who I fall in love with since the first time I texted her, and I thought I fucked up. Even though she said she had a great fucking time I just thought she lied and that day I fall for self-pity. Obviously, it didn't stop there and I fucked up everything else I could possibly fuck up by telling her how deeply I felt for her and how lonely and pathetic I am, and how I don't wanna go into a relationship with her because of what happened last time I was in one. 

I always make the wrong fucking decisions. I always fuck up. I always get into the same fucking situation where I'm hopeless and preparing myself for another night where I'm gonna dream about the same girl I've been dreaming about for the past five years, but somewhere deep down I like that. 

I like feeling sad. I love listening to Bon Iver just a few minutes before bedtime, staring into the darkness and reminding myself for the thousandth time how fucking pathetic I am. How no one cares. How she doesn't care. How everyone I fucking love doesn't give a damn about me and there's no fucking escape. Everybody's just gonna say that the future's gonna get better, and how love is like that and eventually, I'll forget the girl who fucked up my life and I'm just gonna nod and say, "Yeah, you're right" just because I don't wanna make it seem like they've wasted their time on me. 

I've been writing about what I've been feeling for the past year or so, but I don't think any of you would be interested in reading some teenager's diary about how love made him vulnerable. 

Anyway, the question I've been asking is am I depressed or just sad? Where's the line? And if I am depressed, is there a way to get out of this? Just be honest.  




 I'm the Carnival of Peace. 









 It always makes me smile to see Bon Iver's version of Skinny Love rather than Birdy's.  




 I love pieces that have a 'form', but not too conservative (as in C Jam Blues). 




 I think there's something about the thousandth time of listening to Peterson that's making me crave for something new, but similar.
Is there? 




 I don't agree with some of the things he said, but who am I to criticize Stephen King? 









 I'm a teenager and I hardly ever read. I do listen to audiobooks multiple times during the day. I've ADD, so it may be connected. 
Nonetheless, I write a lot. I feel like it is a great tool for me to relax. It makes me feel creative and improves my mind rather than playing video-games or scrolling endlessly through Facebook. It improves my English, too, which isn't my native language so why the hell not? 




 I read somewhere that Justin Vernon stopped everything that's related to Bon Iver, because it got very famous or stuff like that. I'm not sure if that's true or not...  




 This is so underrated.  




 They were [about the same size.](http://collections.yadvashem.org/photosarchive/s637-469/17378334200733466238.jpg) 




 This subreddit should be renamed "Lincoln OtherPoepleColorized". 




 [Posted](http://www.reddit.com/r/HistoryPorn/comments/2ril9d/atlanta_georgia_in_1864_770_x_700/) 




 Look at him with his blonde hair and old-fashioned vest. And I think I can see a butterfly tie underneath. I bet this boy grew to be some true heartbreaker. Poor women.  




 It's so wrong of me to think, at first, "Man; How fucking cool is that?!" 




 You don't get to be as close to the president anymore.  




 I do love Hazeltons. Moreover, I listened to a lot project he participated and I loved them all. Bon Iver is definitely my favorite though.  




 Like it has been taken out of a movie.  




 YES. Geez, you read me so well! I listened to the acoustic version like a thousand times and YES, those lines in that version were orgasmic. 

I think Justin's voice sound much better without all the effects he put into Bon Iver, Bon Iver. On the other hand, I cannot imagine songs like Perth and Holocene without such effects.

By the way, if we share the same passion for Justin's original voice, you should check out [Beth/Rest Rare Book Room Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv9Aj_2julQ) if you haven't done that by now.  




 Gosh, seeing everyone wearing a suit like that is certainly refreshing.  




 I bought all the 3 LPs a few weeks ago. It enhances my room so much, absolutely beautiful artwoork.  




 I know it's silly, but when I heard Calgary for the first time, I immediately thought that lyric would be freaking beautiful as a tattoo.  









 This is fine, grand, superb, impressive, marvelous, glorious, excellent and splendid altogether.  




 People should create a website for situations like this. 




 Microsoft Word   Notepad.  




  I'm a bitch.

Definitely. 

 




