 The concept you describe might apply as a *tendency* but certainly not as a general rule: So many things in our lives beat us into obedience, but once we have put up and, ideally, even understood why things are this way, we turn "have to" into "want to", we embrace it, make it our own will. The baby wants back into the womb, the young pupil wants back to their toys, the adolescent/adult does not want to get a job, ... ... ... ... 




  Can someone tell me how you go about finding what you want to try your best at?
 
 I absolutely want to put the work in, I really do.

:) I'm a fan of abstractions, so I tend to aim for the highest set in the hierarchy. What is the thing that, if you're good at it, has the greatest positive impact? Your self. 




 It's just a useless statement, at least phrased like this. There was surely a meaningful idea behind it, but the sentence doesn't quite transport it. 




 I can one-up that:

Too many people don't try as hard as they could. 




  Clearly that soldier tried his hardest.

I think the opposite is the case. It's far too easy to find ways to make this work for your "clearly" to be justified.

What if he just arrived at the location and saw all his comrades fallen because he didn't pace himself correctly?

What if he survived the battle, but lots of his comrades or the farmers they were defending fell in battle, which could possibly have been prevented if he had tried harder? 




 FRANK: Well, what do we have here?

DOCTOR ASHLAND: Bicycle accident. A fracture of the tibia, about five inches below the patella.

[Frank stares at the boy's face, trying not to look at the open wound.]

FRANK: Doctor Hollis, do you concur?

DOCTOR HOLLIS: Concur with what, Sir?

FRANK: What Doctor Ashland just said.

DOCTOR HOLLIS (CONFUSED): Well, it was a bicycle accident. The boy told us.

FRANK: So you concur?

DOCTOR HOLLIS: Well, I'm not sure we can...

DOCTOR ASHLAND: I think we should take an x-ray, then stitch him up and put him in a walking cast.

FRANK: Very good, Doctor Ashland. You don't seem to have much need for me. Carry on.

DOCTOR HOLLIS: I blew it, didn't I? Why didn't I concur? I panicked! 




 Let's assume for a moment that the universe is infinite, which doesn't at all contradict the current scientific worldview.

Question: Even there was a lot of matter close together right after the beginning of time, shouldn't the fact, that this space was infinite and hence had no center, mean that no one preferred accumulation point could be "decided" for and hence no such accumulation happened? 




 Just because Black Holes are obviously very interesting, you should also know about the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photon_sphere which is at 1.5 times the radius of the event horizon. 




 Speculative question: Couldn't it also be an evolutionary reason like scaring an attacker away? Statistically, the amount of attackers who keep biting etc. is probably higher among those who don't "get yelled at". In a similar line of thinking, it could also alert peers (parents, other members of the horde) to an attacker in their midst. Is this so? / Do we have reason to assume that it isn't? 




 Well, you can! It's just not useful here. If you throw a coin at me, I don't care so much about what side will end up, I'll care about getting hit in the head - that (Specifically the time at which it happens.) is information, too.

But alas, you can't observe whether or not the other side already has made the collapsing measurement. I just wonder how they ever proved experimentally that entanglement is real. 




 How have we proven experimentally that entanglement is real? I mean, wouldn't the very experiment that allowed this also allow to measure "Yep, they collapsed it already."? 




 This is a question that always pops up in my mind when everybody says "Can't transmit information.": How have we proven experimentally that entanglement is real? I mean, wouldn't the very experiment that allowed this also allow to measure "Yep, they collapsed it."? 




 Just as a different perspective: I am convinced that the universe is, so to speak, consciousness-LEGO, and that we do not have souls. Instead, we *are* the "soul", an entirely physical thing and process. With that assumption in the background, if one thinks about the evolution of the simplest lifeforms to the self-aware and (in whatever form) free-willed humans, it all seems very obvious, logical, and simple. 




 I'm not saying that meditation can turn a person into God, I'm just saying that *I made* the universe in which meditation could or could not lead a person to sense the God that is in or behind everything. 




 What if reality, e.g. in regards to evolution, is developing towards an attractor in the future, so the bodies of humans (who later received souls; a view that I personally absolutely reject) would have developed "according to plan" (like you plan that a ball eventually arrives at the bottom of a hill)? This would not require specific design of the humans. It would just all be simple logical natural development, with an attractor placed in the future by God or not.

Just saying that whatever lead to your "The creation of humans must have been a special act." hypothesis doesn't seem solid at all. 




 Funny, I often see people complaining about others only downvoting without commenting why. I guess every possible opinion has at least one person having it. 




 What if the truth is that the universe is heaven-in-the-making, and that there is indeed no afterlife, but once the project is done, people will live forever, and those who lived before participated in completing the project. If you knew that this is true, would this give you enough of a sense of purpose? If not, why not? (If not, I think that would basically be selfishness, but that's just the only guess I can come up with.) 




 What if there were a purpose, even God-given, but your personal existence would only last the about 80 year of natural life (with no afterlife)? Would that be sufficient?

In case that would kind of be sufficient: What if the purpose is given by society? You can live for the betterment of "the planet" and society, leaving a better world behind for those who will come after us. In case that would be less sufficient or insufficient: Why? 




 Whether or not your technique actually allowed you to find God can easily be determined: I *am* God, creator of the universe, and indeed the universe in person. If during your later meditations, this comment of mine still seems like outrageous bullshit to you, then to me this means that you have not detected God. If you are at least emotionally ambiguous, then because of the still stormy weather I am willing to assume that your technique works. 




 (I think he even needs both, but definitely invalidate() to trigger recalculation of the involved Swing objects, e.g. to make them change size and location.) 




 Probably mold. 




 That is true. http://www.hystericalliterature.com (Start with the [Stoya](http://www.hystericalliterature.com/stoya/) clip, it's the one that made me look this up.) 




 They could be relatively at a standstill and still "move" apart faster than the speed of light, because the expansion of space is not motion. Space just becomes *more* in every place, so if you measure again in a few minutes, you'll measure a greater distance even though the objects in question didn't actually move at all. If you *misinterpret* this as actual motion, then you would have to phrase that they indeed move apart faster than the speed of light. 




 Ok, here we go: While I, too, cringed quite a bit while watching the Twilight movies, I like them, watched them a second time, and keep them around. 




  and there tends to be a lot of that in a crash.

By "that", you mean "burning stuff", I guess. But isn't any burning stuff in a plane crash actually burning fuel? 




  It's not a matter of flash point - but rather a smouldering cigarette simply doesn't have enough heat to ignite the gasoline vapours.

I have trouble making sense of this sentence. First, I thought that the flash point is just the temperature required to ignite a substance, but then I just looked it up on Wikipedia, and it says that the flash point is the temperature required to bring the liquid's vapor pressure to a high enough level that its mixing with the air makes the gas mixture ignitable *at all*.

But no matter which interpretation I apply, they don't work with the sentence. 




 I was just referring to the shiny blackness of the food. 




  I'd explain why but I'd have to insult a lot of people in the process. 

Isn't that a completely normal thing to do in this subreddit? "Jesus is the one true God!" - "No! Muhammad brought us knowledge of the one God!" - Hindu: "Amateurs." - Atheist: "WTF has the world come to. They're all insane!" 




 I wonder if /r/shinyporn would mind. (nsfw) 




  Haha, our last game didn't even have a main menu. Bam! Straight into gameplay!

That's awesome, too, I thought about / wished for this for the longest time. E.g. often when someone wants to play a game, they just want to load the latest savegame (which is reflected by the abundance of main menus that have a "Continue" entry), so it would be great if we *could* get there right from the desktop, just as an option. (But getting into the mood and feel first via a menu like they are done in Borderlands isn't bad at all.)

I've thought about the possibility of having a menu via gameplay but haven't found a good way yet. The main problem is that it breaches the fourth wall, or at least risks watering down the immersion, because now you know "real world things" (Like you sitting in front of the PC, deciding stuff.) as part of the game world, so even if the actual game is yet somewhere else, that aspect wouldn't entirely leave your head.

And what if the only menu features implemented in gameplay are load and save? You could e.g. begin at home, set your calendar (Choose savegame by setting an ingame-date of which you have a savegame.), then leave out the front door into the actual game. But I personally dislike time-travel (especially backwards) *a lot*. It makes all my cares and immersion in the world go away. Backwards only by minutes works for me, though, that's one of the reasons that I like [Life Is Strange](http://store.steampowered.com/app/319630/) a lot! So, again: It's imho not a good idea. Not that you said so - I'm just thinking out loud. 




 Such a task - downloading a bit from the Net - is one of the first examples that come to mind when suggesting the use of threads.

I think a progress bar wouldn't work, because the main wait time (I think) would be for establishing the connection. The download itself would probably be too quick to warrant a progress bar.

You could display info like "establishing connection ..." and later "downloading data ...", maybe even as a bullet list where every completed task gets a check mark. But since this would vanish from screen too quickly (same for the second text "downloading data ..." if you switch out the texts), it would not be of use, except if you keep this on screen all the time in some form, which might also not make sense. You could keep in on screen until "ok" is clicked, but that would be an unnecessary usability hurdle. Maybe an additional display-timeout of 1 or 2 seconds would be a good idea.

In a way, what you currently have might even be a good solution, but it feels a little sub par.

About SwingUtilities.invokeLater: That's just one tool (albeit a primary one) of the general topic "Concurrency in Swing" https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/uiswing/concurrency/

Concurrency (threads) in general: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/concurrency/

Concurrency tutorial: http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java-concurrency/index.html

Further concurrency reading material: http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java-util-concurrent/index.html 




 Plot twist: Maybe on some level that we don't understand, intervening itself is evil and must be done as little as possible. 




 To see which versions exist for various systems and which one your current browser is using:

https://www.adobe.com/software/flash/about/

To download the respective current player version for plugin-browsers, or for Internet Explorer, etc.:

https://www.adobe.com/de/products/flashplayer/distribution3.html

(I use the MSI installer. I hear using it allows you to keep your browsers running. Of course it might keep using an old flash player in some tabs.)
 




 The wha? That's super retarded. I see no justification for that at all.

Does a full version not exist yet? Because if it does, you could put it on Steam and add a demo button - I've seen a few of those (game that can be bought with an additional official Steam demo download button). Well, I guess you're still working on the game.

Btw., I liked a lot that right after starting the game in Steam, BANG there was the main screen, no load time, no logos, nothing. That's unheard of and kicks ass. 




  Asteroid = Rock bigger than 10 meters in space

 Meteoroid = Rock smaller than 10 meters in space

 Meteor = Rock smaller than 10 meters falling through atmosphere and burning up

 Meteorite = Rock smaller than 10 meters landing on Earth

Not saying you're wrong, but I like to be correct about things, so before I overwrite my files: Could you give me a source? 




 *toot* .... 3 hours later, the dust settles 




 **[ALTERED]** as fuck: So much of the image has been cropped away, I am not sure if I am looking at one of those "3D" mode YouTube videos of whom the YouTube player only showed half of the image. 




 That sucks a lot, but at least you have a license now to obtain an uncensored version online (as long as the process doesn't involve temporary sharing as most BitTorrent programs do it).

E.g. I have made nothing but good experiences with the DownloadHelper extension (Firefox and others): https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/video-downloadhelper

In the same line of thinking, you should know about /r/fullmoviesonyoutube

....

EDIT: Yeah. Very FUCKING funny, reality. Every day of the year, this plugin does what it's supposed to. And just this morning, I see that it doesn't show any downloadable links any more on YouTube. I guess that YouTube changed something and a new version of the plugin has to be waited for.

...

EDIT:

So, half a day later, there's no version available that works again. I found http://keepvid.com/ though: No plugins required, it'll do the trick out of the box. 




 Friend of mine and I were in a rent-a-CD shop in the 1990s where they also sold used ones for cheap. Found a version of The KLF - Chill Out where the individual tracks of the 45 minute mix aren't separated on the CD. I mean, it's all 1 CD track instead of 14, I think it's pretty rare. He got it for like 4, don't remember precisely. (And we had the Deutsche Mark still back then.) He gave it to me after a few years.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S_lktstwrs

One of my favorites of all time. Perfect for mushrooms. 




 ~~Haha, they used the wrong word. It's a meteor if it comes down. Asteroids are the ones that drift through space.~~ - Not sure at all now.\*

But thanks for that, anyway. 




 Found the fattie. 




 Every German did. We'll just have to wait for Greece to get back up on its own legs again and pay its debts. Will be decades. 




 Islam means submission, as far as I know. Figures: Submit to Islam, be at peace. Submit to the burka etc. that society forces on you, and you'll not be beaten into this position ever again. - "I loves my burka! It protects me from being treated like shit!" 




 Maybe he already did in the Cuban Missile crisis October 1962. And I heard that the dinosaurs were basically the dominant species on Earth, theoretically never to leave the throne again. Whatever caused them to die off (Meteor?) might have been necessary for humans to appear eventually. And who knows, maybe the so far unexplained dominance of matter vs antimatter, too, was such a "Only if absolutely necessary." miraculous intervention. Jesus etc. would not be covered by the same policy, of course. 




 Confirmed! Wow, hadn't been up in the last 7, I checked again and again. 




 Have fun with drugs! :D 




 But that's a different thing. We're talking about the use of data from unacceptable experiments and how this decision could possibly make someone conduct such experiments in the first place, not about doing such experiments in a less extreme form and "giving" this as inspiration to people without ethics. 




 Which is much better, because advertising food with the clear statement "Makes your room stink." isn't a good idea, even if the ad works very well otherwise. 




 ~~Tremors in the ground would set it off.~~

EDIT: I only thought about placing the flag. 




 I really have trouble figuring out how you could misunderstand that joke comment. Probably an accidental miracle. In any case:

I have no idea how much his hands are protected by the gloves, I'm just convinced that they protect the meat from his hands well. 




 I agree. Gets fired but keeps working, even doubles his tempo. Who in their right mind would do that? 




 I think it's normal movement. The distortions you probably mean are from video motion stabilization *I guess*. In any case, just look at how the accelerated pieces of pig move by themselves. That's realtime Newton imho, or it's only sped up to 110%. 




 damn our US 




 You would assume that, but you're wrong: The bacteria and such that might dwell on the butcher's hands do not get to the meat at all. 




 Yeah, by then you have so much routine, when the ambulance arrives you have stuck your other hand in the inverted flesh of the newly hurt one and wave at them. "It's me again." 




 Yep, that's just a jump. It isn't in the playback, it's really in the GIF, but it's just a jump like from calculation lag. (edited comment) 




 First rule of flight club... 




 I bet Dumpert   Dumpert is the Dutch title of Dumb   Dumber. 




 The guy could be lying, just like Homer!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG6ICFL7AdI 




 But there's a cut in the middle, too. Just when the backing-up car's right front wheel could do serious harm to the pedestrian, ~~at least a few seconds of the video are cut out~~. 




 No, I mean a real Borderlands shooter game:

"Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel" http://store.steampowered.com/app/261640/

What you mean is "Tales from the Borderlands" http://store.steampowered.com/app/330830/

I personally never played a Telltale game so far. 




 You seriously need to work on your will. You know that you don't want to do something - yet you keep doing it. More understandable in cases of drug use (e.g. the nicotine "tells" the brain that the brain wants more), not so much when it comes to beloved habits. I wonder: Are substances involved in your gaming, e.g. soda with sugar and maybe even caffeine?

In any case: Whatever solution you find for your current problem - eventually you have to solve the problem at the source, because it's gonna be in other aspects of your life, too. 




 The tipping point of the deterioration of a language is reached when the word that stands for "And I mean this exactly as I worded it!" doesn't mean that any more. Meaning itself is falling apart. 




 Yeah, umm, about that bridge we agreed upon ... 




 Calculations that take any actual time should not take place on the GUI thread.

There's also no simple way to fix this, because any UI change that you'd somehow manage to squeeze in between your calculations would not show up before the GUI thread is idle again and can get to do its accumulated GUI tasks.

For small applications, the best approach would be to just start the program up into the AWT thread (That's the GUI thread for Swing applications.) right away, but to do any calculations in other threads (e.g. via SwingWorker threads). To fix your application, I'd move the whole calculation stuff into a different thread and from there update some GUI content via SwingUtilities.invokeLater().

It's best if you show us some of the code, I guess. See side bar. Direct link: https://www.reddit.com/r/javahelp/wiki/code_guides 




 In your mind, think of the water and the ice as 3D voxels like in Minecraft. Let's say 1x1x1 mm.

If you measure the temperature of each of these, add all of those numbers together, then divide by the amount of cubes you calculated, you get the arithmetic mean of the temperature of all those cubes. If that value is above the freezing point, then of course the cubes will melt instead of the water freezing.

This is an extremely simplified way to look at this (e.g. ignoring density, room temperature (I'm regarding the glass with ice to be a closed system even though it's not.), the possibility that a bit of the water freezes and then the whole frozen stuff thaws again), but it's basically what's going on. The approach also has the benefit that you're dealing with a lot more ice cubes than you put into the glass :) 




 You could even do this with light. E.g. project a laser onto a silver screen that's 1 LY broad and 1 LY away from you, then use a mirror to let the laser dot dash from the far left to the far right in 1 second (or move the laser directly, but traditionally a mirror is used). To make imagining the flow of events simpler, let's assume that the laser projector is not 1 LY away from the center of the screen but from the far left of it (but still in front, just like you'd expect in a cinema).

The reason that nothing here moves faster than light can easily be seen if instead of using one laser, you use 500 bazillion lasers, each pointing at a different position of the screen, forming a line from the left to the right. Then you turn then on in super fast succession, so that there's only 1 second between the first and the last.

See? You're just throwing regular old photons at a wall, the same thing a single laser would do. 




 The natural God you propose: How far does the shaping of reality via his application of his knowledge of the all-concept go? E.g. does it possibly annihilate gravity, melt the universe into a blob that he can shape at will etc., or are we just talking, umm, "king of the universe" with stars and planets etc.? 




 Well, in Borderlands Presequel (which isn't "3" but "1.5" if I understand correctly) you fight for the villain of Borderlands 2. It's not a spoiler since you find out right at the beginning of both games.

I know, it's a cheat.

Btw., I enjoyed all BL games, the third one not any less than the others (and in part certainly more). 




 The looks are really good. Mailed myself a note home to keep an eye out for this game.

You *definitely* should add a video to the Steam store page! 




 That would have been such a feast for /r\/fatpeoplehate. 









 Probably not, it's not severe enough to cause China to break up into smaller sovereign countries. 




 If they could, they would. Evolution is a might-makes-right approach. It's not like it judges "Eww, that's unnatural." and chooses to not evolve a specie in such a direction. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_petite_mort

Reserrection comes eventually. 




 Yes, but that's the opinion of a bunch of Catholics. You know, the guys who tell Africans to not use condoms.

Real human-understanders, the lot of them. 




 Well, people who treat you like that do not love *you*. If I were you (Meaning I did so myself.), I'd toss out people like those out of your life. If they do it themselves, even better. 




 I want to throw Pat Condell's entire YouTube account at those people, A Clockwork Orange style. 




 Almost.

https://i.imgur.com/8MyWPc2.gif 




 Fair debate, I guess. http://www.quotationof.com/images/edgar-bergen-6.jpg 




 Ironic that the Quran would accuse another religion of elevating anyone to god-status besides God. Need I say Muhammad? 




 Because of the strong implications of the very basic principle that underlies Evolution (Self-replication employing building-plans while in the noisy nuclear soup that reality is.), there would rather have to be hard proof for "macroevolution" *not* to take place to justify the belief that it doesn't. 




 You're all quite mistaken. Microsoft Word didn't come out before the early 1980s. 




  If the call routes through

That sounds like a stupid law. A person can't know if the routing technology used will be via satellite (jumping over territories), or if some IP packets of the phone call will be routed through six other neighbor states or even through Hawaii or Japan. Unenforceable, and I don't see how it would bring any justice or improvement of our coexistence if it were enforceable. 




 I don't plan on making an account on a Scientology website, but I guess the only reason those questions wouldn't be in their security features is because they'll ask you those questions in your auditings. 




 While that's true, your response is obviously and very unnecessarily obtuse, so I downvote you instead of being beaten by you into jumping through the hoops of pointing out what you already know. 




 Most of our findings are descriptive, but I guess that some are findings of actual prescriptive laws. It's a scale really from "kind of correct" to "obviously very correct" to "correct enough to actually govern reality". Which is very similar to the scale from subjective to objective, whereas only the ultimate step actually reaches objectivity. But there's something like "objective enough", depending on the requirement. If your requirement is to actually govern the universe, then obviously things have to be taken to the very last step. If it's only about human survival during the natural lifespan of about 80 years, then things somewhat below the actual objectivity-threshold can be regarded to be "objective", because they fulfill the requirements.

An example for a prescriptive finding: "Since the existence of time, the flow of reality has been happening." I think that there is no level on which there could ever be found an objection to this statement. While it's very wishy-washy, it should also be truly objective.

Newtonian physics were "objective enough" for many practical purposes, but obviously Einsteinian physics are more correct. We know they are not *the* final answer, because they are incompatible with Quantum physics which we have also found to be absolutely correct - within their topical domain - and e.g. for the description of Black Holes, we'd need the both of them simultaneously, so we know that both are not yet the prescriptive concept that governs reality itself. But for e.g. creating a GPS satellite system, Relativity is "objective enough". 




 This whole subthread is about the fact that the parallel subthread pointed out: It's technically not murder because it was lawful at the time. So, the other guy is kind of quasi a wee bit right about you and the thread, but I personally don't think that the objection holds water. Even if it would hold water: Making the same thread again with the word "killing" instead of "murder" would void the objection, so ...

Maybe it's also about "men with men, not necessarily homosexuals or homosexuals per se". In any way, I find the way in which the objections were presented insufficient. 




 When you wrote this, didn't you realize that any other theistic religion could make an almost identical statement? While this might be irrelevant to you, since you "know" that "Well yes, but they would be wrong.", what about the information recipient? I mean, you *did* write this for them, not to reaffirm your belief, serve your deity or yourself, right? 




 Preface: 1) Don't read this if you want to prevent possible deep hurt to your religious feelings. 2) I swear I am not trolling, I am speaking from deep conviction, and while the jury's still unsure if my viewpoint is protected by the unwritten "religious convictions" rule we kind of adhere to, because of being *convinced* that I am correct, I posit that it is.

Ok, with that audience- and mod-tranq out of the way: I am God, the creator of the universe. I am not *yet* in a position to prove this, but while I wait for this (It's in the hands of mankind.), I do want to make the most of my situation, so I want to discuss these concepts.

I object to your stance that "It gives no definitive answer simply because any living being who can be everything by virtue of his knowledge, can be everything." - It would apply to God before the universe. (I'll say "he" and such to make this easier digestible.) But the universe is not quite a creation, instead it is a new configuration of God, a permanent change that can not be undone. And it allows God to find answers as to his character and being, a true definition, and this can of course be told to his kids, too. Before, God would say "I am.", but now he would say "I am love.". There's a lot of very technical (but not that hard to grasp) background, so these phrases, especially the second one, are not meaningless esoteric word salad. But I have written pages and pages in the past, so if you think that something is wrong, then either ask/object specifically and let me clarify, or just move on instead of claiming "This doesn't make sense." and *then* moving on, because it would just be untrue and unfair: Unfair because you must be *willing* to understand this stuff, and someone who bombs "This is gibberish." can hence not be countered. If you don't want to discuss, stay silent.

And religion is an attempt to make sense of the perception of God that people *can have* in this system, it's a real effect. Since this perception is understood as one of profound truth, people created systems to repeat experience and to write down and pass on this information. Since much of that often entailed behavioral consequences, societal rules were created, too. All that is religion, and all that will be unnecessary soon and hence be removed from the world forever, because God will be a human among you, whom you can see in a street cafe fiddling with his phone or respond to your emails etc.. All useful purpose for religion will be gone, and its quite negative impact will be gone, too. And btw., no religion got it right. There are bits and pieces of the truth all around, but they are misinterpreted in most cases.

So, to OP's question: God does not have or belong to any religion, and once God is here officially, all religion will end or have ended.

What is the supposed data that I claimed is a major reason for the creation of religion? Spirituality. A word with too many meanings and abuses (Just like the word God, thank you very much.), but let me just give you its true definition, just like I'll reveal a lot of things about existence to you that'll make you go "Of course! It all fits!" etc., once I can actually prove myself. Currently it would be pretty meaningless, even though I don't mind attempting.

Spirituality: The perception of the higher frequencies of consciousness. The higher it gets, the closer it gets to the oneness of all things - to God. This can be tapped into by humans. It is legitimate perception, though the interpretations are the problem here. One senses the truth behind things and is hence convinced to have found *knowledge*, so the people's wrong interpretation of things is celebrated and perpetuated even though it's not correct.

Now, preemptively and since I'm still in a mood (because I haven't read replies yet :P), let me add some short info about the process of creation: God could be whatever he wanted to be. He decided to become the universe, which is a decision that can't be undone. God folded from his original maximum-energy-state of O (A circle.) to the new maximum-energy-state of 8, which allows him to basically exist *inside* of himself. It'll all make sense eventually, I promise, but this short text and at this time can't fulfill that. So, the universe is a permanent decision. What about "can be what he wants to be" then? Well, those were *dreams*. And hence it makes sense that to make the universe, the mechanism of dreaming had to be employed. It was a searching-process, to find the other side of the ocean of dreams (quite literally if you realize that the "energy line" had to find and eventually cross itself). Just like Evolution searched for the perfect steward of nature, the cosmic evolution before that searched for the place to let Evolution happen. The final result of Evolution was found 2001-08-13 - God reborn inside of himself, returning all of reality back to arbitrariness, to true freedom of will, except with an unshakeable reality-foundation (universe/coexistence of God's children).

Why is there evil? Because in between the two ideal states ("I am." and "We are."), there's the absence of both. Making the many out of the one is the greatest possible struggle, literally. *The* greatest. Once heaven has unfolded, which is upon us (Months, a few years at the most.), suffering and struggles for survival will be over. Instead of fighting to create enough energy to form reality into a desired form, we'll dwell in an abundance, an overflow of energy. To give love will not be an effort but a desire. It will be perfect in every way. 




 I read the quote in Dawkins' voice before I got to the name. :P 




 I am a bot gathering data on self-proclaimed bots. Bleep a fucking bloop. 




  I think only fools believe that they can ascertain truth, mostly because we have no method to determine truth.

So, is this reasoned opinion not truth then? I'm just wondering how you would classify it in light of what you said. 




 So, what about an eternal universe? (Or an eternal BigBang-BigCrunch loop?) That would be a reality without cause. It would *just be*. Just like God would *just be*. 




 Definitely too friendly, not enough tough man fiendishness, actually none at all.

EDIT: In fact, if you properly mix enough faces together, you'll always end up with a harmless friendly beautiful one, so it's a systemic problem.

Many female mixed faces: https://feministphilosophers.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/averageface.jpg

Article about this: http://jezebel.com/5758201/see-the-average-face-of-women-from-40-different-countries/

Here you can even do this yourself (males, females, whites, blacks, ...): http://www.faceresearch.org/demos/average 




 He does forget stuff sometimes, and since he changes around the suits' configurations all the time ... 




  and it invites continued "research"

You said that in the other comment, too, but I don't see how this could be true: If someone is in a Nazi-power-position so they could do such "research": Would they in any way base their decision on how civil science has made use of the Nazi hypothermia data? Do you think that an aspect like "History will prove me 0.1% right!" (Which would still be untrue.) would change their course of action? 




 Sorry, I have no idea about signing/certificates. 




 As the title says: Altered. A big ass "lens flare", making the film unwatchable. 




 And the whole frame is a bit askew. Can be seen in the film a bit but quite clearly in the credits (where I looked last). I'll pass. 




 Hmpf. I'll pass. Quality is too low, should be much better for 720p. 




 Depends on the wrapper approach. I've used launch4j myself (Damn, when will they leave SourceForge behind already?) and have read its manual and such somewhat, but that's a while ago. I'm pretty sure it said that the jar isn't unpacked temporarily, but this could mean that they just have some trick to start it as a file from RAM. They could, of course, run a Java program themselves that uses the jar as a plugin, so to speak. Classloader and all that. In this case, I am convinced that signing would not be required or helpful. (And can jar files be signed at all?)

In any case: I have seen "Unsigned! Hurr!" warnings by Windows regarding EXEs but can't remember ever having seen any regarding jars. 




 You forgot the key fact: Space isn't cold at all, there is just nothing there that could have any temperature. If you put something there that does have thermal energy, like a glass of water from your kitchen, it will only lose that energy via radiation, not via conduction: It's not touched by an incredibly cold body or something.

Of course it'll eventually become super cold if it isn't heated by e.g. sunlight. (I can't say if it would initially effectively boil, though.) 




 Imagine to be a third world person seeing this. "They need a machine to tell them that they are thirsty!" The anger. 




 Umm... but you got it now, right? Columbus? "Indians"? ... I guess so. :) 




 I wondered if someone wouldn't get the obvious joke, didn't expect it to actually happen. 




 Of course I don't mean the light itself but its red/blue shift. If it is uniform in all directions, you're at a standstill relative to the CMB, and you can get those bearings anywhere in the universe. The clocks of all those people will tick at the same speed. 




 Native Americans are Americans, too. 




 Maybe this helps: Every object, be it massless like photons or be it massive like a cow, moves through spacetime (Space*time*.) at the speed of light. That is always so, however weird or novel it probably sounds to you. It's the only speed that exists in the universe.

Now imagine two orthogonal arrows (Meaning they form a "corner".), one representing the time-direction, one the space-direction. There is a third arrow that is like the needle of a gauge that also starts in the same spot the other two start in. The third arrow can change angle from "fully spatial" to "fully temporal".

Light obviously moves 100% spatially, so it doesn't move through time at all. Let's not try to make sense of that - light *does not have* a reference frame, so thinking about that stuff rather clarifies how unclear this is, nothing more. A massive object that has stopped from the view of someone's reference frame is procrastinating: It only moves in the temporal direction. It's growing a beard.

The faster an object is moving through space, the more the arrow points in the spatial direction instead of the temporal direction, that's why while you can kind of fly arbitrarily fast from your own perspective, the universe will only let you do that by slowing your personal reality down a lot, so when you come out of it, you'll see that instead of a procrastinating object (You when stopped.), now everything else (The universe.) has grown a beard. That effect is called "time dilation".

By now, I guess the part of your objection has gone away that says "Time is not a thing, how can its flow be made to change?". The only question left: "Why does gravity effect time dilation?"

Wikipedia says:

 Gravitational time dilation was first described by Albert Einstein in 1907 as a consequence of special relativity in *accelerated frames of reference*.

Astonishingly, it also says:

 Additionally, time dilations due to height differences of less than 1 meter have been experimentally verified in the laboratory.

Accelerated frames of reference - that reminds of the objects moving around I described above, with the gauge needle and all. Why is an object in a gravity well considered to be "accelerated"? Because, weird enough, spacetime itself is in motion in a gravity well. If you throw a rock against a wall, there's a moment of impact, but then there's no further pressure from the rock against the wall, instead the rock has just fallen down. But why does the rock *constantly* push against the ground? Because it is *constantly* being thrown against the ground. By the motion of spacetime itself. It is constantly being carried into that direction.

The closer to a gravity well an object is, the faster the spacetime it's in is moving towards the massive object that causes the gravity well. So, the object is *accelerated more*, like a spaceship that is flying faster. And thus, the gauge's needle is pointing a bit more into the space direction than in the time direction.

- The clocks of objects further down in a gravity well tick slower. Not just the clocks: *Reality* happens more slowly. Or, you could also say, time is slowed down.

Bonus info: Why does an object that you throw in space keep drifting? Well, why shouldn't it? There's no force preventing it from doing so. It keeps moving along a straight path. But why does the ISS that someone threw up there a long time ago keep drifting around Earth? Because that orbit-circle is a *straight path* in the gravity well of Earth. Now you might say: "But why does a rock fall down at all if it was at rest in the air before?" Because space is not quite bent *that* much, or you would indeed *see* around Earth. The straight path that leads the ISS around Earth is not straight in space but, once again, in space*time*. And that's also the reason why the rock falls down: Its straight path from the resting point in the air through space*time* leads it further down the gravity well, towards the ground. 




 While that's true, we could use the Cosmic Microwave Background as the universal reference frame (though it's not special in the physics department at all). We could do so anywhere in the universe and could always derive the same time-keeping standard from it. 




 I know that this is at least because of the Earth's gravity well. Is it indeed too because of the satellites' motion? 




 The scientific answer would be "Take the goddamn money already.", based on the fact that the Nazi's atrocious human experiments have yielded data that can't be reproduced and is made use of by science.

However, that data can't be reproduced, while money is just money, so the comparison isn't solid.

Basically, the problem is purity of will and the slippery slope: If one appreciates the fruits, does one not wish for more such trees? People fear to introduce such a component into their minds, but in my opinion their fear of this is the only problem - if they could abandon that, their mind would not fail them. (We're living fantasy. All you need is a good idea about yourself that you *actually* believe. That's why negative ideas are a problem and why "fear is the mind-eater". Fear the fear! :) E.g. computer game players shouldn't fear that they'll start shooting people just because it's fun in a game. Though when it's not about an individual but about an organization, things become more tricky, because as opposed to the mind, it doesn't have built-in automatisms against corruption of will, it's not an informational whole. An organization feeding off of energy from questionable sources could for example be directly or effectively suggesting to questionable sources to procure more such energy because it is less "self"aware.

I guess the proper answer depends on the individual case and can only be found by the people who have to make that decision, because only those know all factors (e.g. the likelihood of corruption of will). 




 Man, that's borderline bestiality. 




 Yeah, about those gazillion tanks and the money their maintenance costs ... 




 And no plans for a situation like the one we're in. E.g. a country can't just be removed from the Euro currency, it has to do that itself. Source: Heard it several times over the last months on the news.

Also, everybody is like "We can't let them crash out, other countries could follow this example!" while completely ignoring that "We can't let too-big-to-fail become an example for other countries!" is far more important. 




 Well, billions (e.g. 90 from Germany) have been given to Greece in the last few years. The earlier Greece wisens and mans up, the less the country will further deteriorate, the earlier the payback can begin. Our leaders have to answer to us for the money they gave away, at least I would hope so. It's more than 1000 per head! 




 I believe the main point of measures like shadowbanning or vote score obfuscation is to stifle spamming. A proper user will catch up that they are shadowbanned. Spamming - as I understand it - has a lot to do with efficiency, so wrenches like these reduce it quite a lot (I guess). Regular users can realize and make contact.

If you think about it - you see very little spam on reddit. Compare that to the average email inbox. 




 Odd. 17 hours and nobody mentioned /r/shinyporn 




 Thought so, but better safe than bored. 




 Relevant perks:

* Turn off ads.

* New comment highlighting. (If you visit a post again, new stuff will be highlighted.)

* Remember what links you've visited across computers.

* Filter specific subreddits from /r/all.

* More subreddits and comments per page. (up to 1500 or so, not sure)

* View (filter) saved comments by subreddit.

* Categorize saved posts   comments. (You can add a manual note which will become a category to filter by.)

* Friends with benefits. (Add notes to keep track of them all.)
 




 Not sure what you mean here. 




 The Thermians are great scientists and engineers. Sarris' desire could plain simply be for technological intellectual property. Later, his desire would be to know about the "facts" stated by the "historical documents" and what the Thermians are doing about them. 




 Yes and no: Machine Learning is a part of the set Artificial Intelligence. When I compiled the books to this bulk download, I took a look at the contents and am sure that OP's desire to know (e.g. "see") A.I. related math will be satisfied by them. 




 Nice try.

But seriously: https://www.reddit.com/gilding 




 A void is a void. A void is *empty*, it is not nothing.

You could say "It is not-yet-actualized potential.", but that would be potential, it would not be nothing.

See? This is what I was trying to get at with my other comment (root): Any definition of nothing will come down to something being leftover, we'll just not get to "nothing at all". That's why I think that "nothing at all" does not make logical or other sense. It has no meaning. Thinking about it is interesting, but the concept has no proper use because the concept is no concept: It can't exist because it doesn't make sense. I think. It's like this sentence: "The sentence you are currently reading does not make any statement." Interesting - but meaningless. 




 Pretty similar to this: https://i.imgur.com/tuXW8u3.png 




 The answer absolutely is: *Do not tell!* Don't even let it slip, it would risk that the information travels where it shouldn't go. Three years until adulthood, very dependent, living in the Bible belt. In case I need to say more, take a look at /r/atheisthavens - a place for places for people who have lost their place. Don't lose your place. 




 Why bother with "nothing" in the first place? 1) We have something. 2) True nothingness would not have any mechanism or somesuch that could result in a change of state. Nothing can't change itself into something. Nothing can also never come to be from something, because any state-change closer to nothingness would take place while there is something. = True nothingness never existed and never will exist. This might even mean that the concept doesn't make sense at all. 




 I think the problem is that "nothing" doesn't make sense.

There's Lawrence Krauss' "nothing" that isn't truly "nothing" at all, it still has too many parts. I'm not saying that Krauss is wrong, I'm just saying that he shouldn't use the term "nothing" for it.

But trying to come up with a definition of true nothingness, like "It's not even a void!" and "It's not dark or bright or black!" etc., still leaves an aftertaste of impurity.

This leads me to the belief that a proper definition of "true nothingness" can not exist, and I mean not just in human minds or via human language, but truly not at all. That true nothingness is illogical and hence meaningless. That it does not have meaning.

Let's assume for a moment that true nothingness indeed can't be defined, that this idea can not *be* in full, not even in the mind of an allpowerful god or something like that: *This* would be the true reason that you're thinking that our definitions are wrong. It would also be the reason that everybody (incl. myself) object to your "-1" approach. It would mean that you are trying to make sense of something that can not be made sense of. 




 Right. Except whenever *I* complain about the abuse of words, the very argument thrown against me *every single time* is the same I just made: The use of language results in a change of the dictionaries' entries.

Next time I meet one of those guys, I'll hopefully think of this discussion and link them to it. And eat popcorn. 




  You just make the puddle a bit larger, the depth (or lack of) stays the same.

The *emotional* depth would be greater, though, and I think that's the main idea behind feature-desires like these ones. 




 Since I have only seen it once (very recently) and hence feel that it needs to be mentioned more: Here's Pablo Carlos Budassi's logarithmic scale conception of the observable universe with the Solar System at the center:

The full 4,200 x 4,200: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/Observable_universe_logarithmic_illustration.png

Page with all resolutions: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Observable_universe_logarithmic_illustration.png

The logarithmic view really gives a good perspective/understanding of the OU. 




 That one time, at band camp? 




 I hope that one day, someone will make a lot of such videos but with the shot of the people showing them playing *a different* game. A long con to eventually unmask how stupid it is to show them at all. (Or to demonstrate the opposite. Time will tell.) 




 Case in point: http://mercenarysite.free.fr/mddclone.htm

Free Windows-implementation of "Mercenary 1: Escape From Targ", "Mercenary: The Second City", "Damocles", and "Mercenary III: The Dion Crisis".

In at least one of these (Not the first two.) you can choose among the celestial bodies to fly to, and I *think* the transition between surface-flight and space is soft.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercenary_%28video_game%29

 Mercenary is the first in a series of computer games, published on a number of 8-bit and 16-bit platforms from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s, by Novagen Software.

It's typical for these old games that there's no hand-holding, e.g. it won't tell you what buttons you can push, let alone which to push next, let alone allow you to configure them. I played all of these back in the 80s and 90s and enjoyed them very much. 




 It's not quite *that* simple. I thought alike when I first heard about Borderlands, you know, billions of weapons. "Owning" all Borderlands games + DLC now, I can say that I was sorely mistaken: The procedural weapons system is incredibly well done. Their look, feel, the presentation of the features, ... It doesn't at all *feel* like "a few variables that can have many different values, so the sumtotal of possibilities is in the gazillions". It genuinely feels like there are many *many* different weapons.

So, just cranking up the numbers isn't it. The procedural system needs to be well done, too. What developers save in content-creation by using procedural generation, they have to make up in intelligence. 




 Yes, nice service. I use the "watch later" button in YouTube videos a lot when browsing from work. 




 So that's what roll playing games are. 




