 Damn lucky. I wish something like that was in Phoenix (or literally anywhere in AZ). I checked on ebay and they're going from $90-$800. Anybody know of any other options for someone to get a copy? A past time of mine is to chill and look at look books(I recommend the free Vans look books you can get at the Vans stores). Any clever ideas?? Any high quality scans? High quality printer shops? If somebody reads this and has any ideas where I can get stuff like this, I would love you. 3
thanks fam

edit: I might even want to compile high quality scans of look books for people to DL. Print media is awesome. I want to get my hands on the Odd Future look books too. 

edit 2: FOUND SCANS of YEEZY SEASON 1 ZINE
http://www.missinfo.tv/index.php/kanye-west-adidas-yeezy-lookbook-scans/
 




 Haa I definitely wasn't expecting that verse. I thought it was sick. So many people talking ish about that already smh 




 Yikes. Sounds like poo still. I am so stoked to hear the CDQ. Please, ye. 




 If the grandparents are cool, why does it matter 




 This is from the leaked Steve McQueen-directed All Day music video. It's like a 9 minute video (all one take) where Kanye is rapping All Day, then he sits down and sings this. He showed off the video in Paris a few weeks ago. 









 1. Devil in a New Dress

2. Late

3. We Don't Care

4. On Sight

5. Runaway

Soon to be included: Wolves
 




 Does anybody know what photo editing program he is using in some of the other pics he uploaded? Is it just iPhoto? 




 Hehe I like this. New Testament and TMNT 




 Cringe inducing. 




 This should be in /r/cringe  




 "Yeez is Us" -kanye 




 I think it's cool. 




 Can anybody who has the PM hook it up? Thank you :) 




 Dude, I know I'm a little late but could you *please* PM me you're sending everyone else? 




  RemindMe! April 13th, 2015

 




 An Arizona State grad made the discovery.

***ASU! ASU! ASU!*** 




 Haha I really like the Break the Internet one. 




 Thank you for answering. 




 Ahhhhahaha I'm dying!! This brings me back.  




 NOSFERATU 




 It makes me frustrated that there's such an emphasis on the NSFW for language... 




 Why does everyone hate Cruel Summer?? 




 All the decorations in my room. They're all kinda shitty and cheap, but I accumulate a lot of memories over the years. For example, I have a samurai sword that's falling apart. My brother gave it to me when I left to college, and I kept it on display at my dorm. 

I got really stoned once and watched Breakfast at Tiffany's for the first time and I thought it was so cool I immediately went out and bought a big poster of Audrey Hepburn. I moved back home and I still have it above my bed, even though my family gives me strange looks.  




 Happier. 




 MBDTF, Cruel Summer, College Dropout, Yeezus, WTT, 808s, Late Registration, Graduation

i really like cruel summer...

seems like it's pretty clear that everyone thinks MBDTF is a masterpiece. 




 I should be diggin for dino DNA 




