 I saw this episode of the Muppets.  




 If you ever visit Vermont message me. I've got a nice view if a river but am also close to the downtown. A nice city with lots of music and art.  




 As a Miami Dolphins fan it made the quote seem like a joke.  




 Not taking it as a put down, criticism is important.

1) it's a small state (Vermont) that I would do this in, so I feel like it's feasible to promote them internally and to visitors.

2) I own a number of premium local domain names that I would build sites on to promote all of the restaurants on (sites would have to be established first), and build relationships with other media outlets to promote them in exchange for online advertising.

3) I see the cost to the restaurants as that 12% (10% to the customer, 2% to the credit card company) with my 1% coming from the credit card. Yes, that's lower revenue for the credit card company, but in exchange for hopefully increased usage of the card.

Thoughts? 




 Shocked as shit that this is something someone would pay for. There's no useful information there -- it's all common sense. If ESPN is going to charge for content they better do a lot fucking better than that. I would feel ripped off.

But thanks for sharing :) I know to stay away from their paid content! 




 Hi all,

I think I've seen others do this, but am finding it hard to find information on where to start.

To make a long story as short as possible, I'd like to start a business where I provide people with a credit card dedicated to local restaurants. If you use that card in one of the participating restaurants you get a small discount (let's say 10%, and in return the restaurant gets promoted through the program) and I would receive a small percentage of the transaction fee (1%).

Is this possible? Are there resources online on how to build this program with a credit card company?

Thanks for any assistance! 




 This exactly.

You don't just hire based on need, you have to look at the market. If a **proven** GM knocked on Ross' door and said "Give me the power, I'll give you a Super Bowl" he'd probably do it. 




 Philbin's a eunuch? Great. We are fucking doomed. 




 Pioli's good man! Patriots, and Chiefs...Chiefs were poorly coached, but with the exception of Smith that's his roster today. 




 I have that feeling as well. Changing GMs like this, while keeping the coach, rarely works out. Look at the Browns, seems like every single year it's either the GM or the coach being fired.

You have to wonder how this sets up Philbin for next year. A GM may come in with a promise to keep Joe for at least a year, but you know he'll be heavily scrutinized, as will RT. So much for consistency. 




 Are we just trying to keep our 2013 "fuck" record for 2014?

Shit, I'm on board. Oops, I mean "fuck". 




 I'm a bit concerned since Sherman's offense is all RT has known for 6 years. But he's a smart kids, so will hope for the best. 




 True, true. But don't discount a coach that was successful.

Gruden got 2 teams to the super bowl, one being the Raiders who have been a mess for decades. I'd take him. 




 I don't think you have a point. There's always a reason why someone is fired, doesn't make it a good one.

Lots of great coaches were fired...Belichek, Dungy, Lovie Smith, Ken Wisenhunt (this guy will win a super bowl one day as head coach), Gruden... 




 That's some backwards logic there.

I'm not going to go for the hot chick. She's hot for a reason. 




 Considering the owner's history, i don't think a proven coach would take the job. Ross went after a new head coach while still employing one, then gave the next guy only 2 years. I know i wouldn't join that mess.  




 Because that's just not the case. Before this season I went through and compared a draft of Ireland's to Newsome's and he does well.

For some reason people think you're supposed to walk away from the draft with a handful of top performers. That's just not reality. If 4 years after the draft you have 2-3 starters from it then it was a good draft. 




 That was. He was great at Denver. 




 Zone blocking...hmmm isn't that a forte of Kubiak? 




 It's a great analogy, but you would want to sit down with the person and discuss why the goals were not met.

Context is lost on a lot of people. It's easy to point a finger, but there's more going on in reality. If you're going to lead an organization you better figure out what's really happening and not jump to "the GM is doing a lousy job". 




 Good point, and I agree. The loss of leadership is my issue with him.

Ireland could still have said what I typed, then it would have been Ross' call.  




 This assumes wins and losses are at the complete control of the GM. It's more complicated than that. 




 "You have to work with them, Coach, because that's your job and I'm not going to cut every strong leader we have. So, why don't you tell me which 2 of the 4 to keep, and those will be the 2 I keep."

As a manager, that's what I'd do. I'm beginning to wonder if the Dolphins as an organization just don't know how to work a business or a team (team as in group of people working towards one goal).  




 People like to talk about his crappy drafting without taking a look at other teams' drafts. If they did they would be impressed with Ireland's drafts. 

My issue is the gutting of the leadership in he lockerroom. He shouldnt have allowed that to happen. I will not be upset if he sticks around. 
 




 I'm tired of statistics that mean exactly nothing. 




 Stayed in, put in a couple movies and feel asleep before the turn. Boring.  




 How's McKee's on new years eve? Anyone know? 




 He's not the worst name on the list. Tannenbaum....really? Guy brought in Tebow. 

Tebow. 

Let's just let that sink in a minute.

Sink in like an infected herpes sore into your lunch time cup-a-soup. 




 I disagree. If I'm in the position that Ross is in, where I need to determine if some employees are sticking around or not, I wouldn't want to be surprised later by something in an independent report.

It isn't good business to make a decision when you know more information is on the way. 




 You can do this with any GM. When you compare his drafts to other successful GMs he's good.

His issue isnt the draft, its handling personnel overall. Like gutting team leadership. Looks good on paper but negatively impacts the lockerroom. He cant see the forest for the trees.  




 Fuck thats a tough schedule 




 I don't throw comments like this around, but if that happened (hired as head coach) i would literally stop being a fan. It would demonstrate the complete ineptitude.  




 I think i was premature, saw it on r/nfl but apparently not confirmed. Feel free to downvote me to hell.  




 On phone so no link, sry.  




 What if I like skinny butts? 




 how does Donny's stay in business? I never see people in there.

Mckee's i really like. 




 This is why I can't have used things. 




 I'm not a lawyer, but this might help:

"Section 230 of the CDA specifically addresses the nature of information ownership by online users. The Section states that no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.

Generally speaking, Section 230 protects website administrators from being held accountable for information posted by other users. The CDA is a federal initiative, which means that Section 230 trumps any state or local laws to the contrary."

From http://www.brand.com/review-sites.html

My work is entirely online. These threats happen. You could represent yourself and present this CDA. But again, I'm not a lawyer so do your due diligence.


Edit: Your site is being spammed by SEOs. They are commenting in order to leave links to their own websites. I highly recommend you turn off the ability of users to link. This will reduce the garbage on your site (thus making it better for your users) and reduce the threat of Google filtering it out of the search results (and then no one finds it). As an example, look at the link by "garbage disposal" on the front page currently, it links to a website. Don't allow that. 




 my phone isn't showing it! i have so much anxiety!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 3rd and 3 with Marino at QB and it's a run play. Times have changed in the NFL. 




 Thank you! Are there certain styles that are better for my hair or face shape? 




 Fair enough. Recommendations? 




 http://imgur.com/iRK7Drx
http://imgur.com/USsW61r

Sorry for low quality of some of them.

Professional but casual work place. Willing to grow it out longer, but it's thick, coarse, and difficult to manage. 




 I found this: http://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/1209b0/5_of_black_fabric_dye_later_and_my_old_blues_are/c6r2r18 




 I really like it. What color dye? 




 That's ahead of Flacco, RGIII, Eli Manning, Luck, Alex Smith, Russell Wilson, Cam Newton and others. 

And less than 100 yards from position 8.

Not bad! I was surprised to see him even that high -- not sure why given we have no running game.

...just gotta work on that TD to INT ratio.

http://www.nfl.com/stats/categorystats?tabSeq=0 statisticCategory=PASSING season=2013 seasonType=REG 




 I don't have an argument per se. The others are proven winners, Tanney hasn't done that yet. 




 They didn't advertise and it wasn't even available to see in my state.

Did someone want this to tank? 




 I'm not sold on Tannehill yet, but am hopeful.

Fiedler, Pennington, Moore, Frerotte...Tanney's not quite there yet. 




 This.

Seeing it made me sad. I feel like replacing his shin guards with actual arm-protector-thingies. 




 I hate the jets with a passion so fierce it gives my mother hemorrhoids. I can't get enough "fuck the jets." That subreddit is private...I wants in. 









 In a polite Canadian well tell them to fuck themselves. 




 One of my favorite sci-fi movies. 




 Aphex Twin - Come to Daddy

Video is creepy too. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUmNmpGnKp4 




 Not a thing childish about my displeasure with the aforementioned Jets, dear lad. 




 Amen. 









 NY Jets fan. FUCK THE JETS! 




 He has been for a while. Poor decisions weekly. 




 It's not homework. Not all presentations are homework. There's no prerequisite in my presentation for this, I'm making an analogy and am having a hard time finding photos to represent it.

Other questions? 




 For a presentation I need a series of photos of a weight lifter, lifting many weights just fine at first, then so much added he can't lift any longer.

Really only 2-3 are needed, clearly being able to handle the weight then not.

I'm sure some photos already exist but I'm having trouble tracking down.

Any help is appreciated. 




 "deal of rude dancing and genital-waggling aimed in their direction"

I loled. 




 Hold on to her. Hold on tight. 




 Please, create an amazing profile with photos of a model. Entice him/her...chat him/her up...then crush. 




 Why are they always symmetrical? 




 What do people from Barre do on Halloween?

Pump-kins. 




 I agree on some of those as possibilities, but we just don't know how they are in the locker room. And from what's happened recently, I wouldn't be surprised if Starks or Solia are already on Ireland's list to chop. 

Someone needs to step the fuck up and kick some asses in line. Ideally that would be Tannehill but I don't know what his personality is like. 




 This is probably the best article on the situation. I've defended Ireland in the past, and feel he does a very good job on the draft. This past off season, however, was a disaster. It's easy look back and say this (hindsight being 20/20), but Ireland should have known better. 

When was the last time a team made wholesale changes to their roster like we did? When has that worked? I remember the Redskins (maybe the 90s) making a number of changes and they won the Super Bowl, but they brought in proven and trusted vets, not a WR who was a bit of a diva, linebackers (don't get me wrong, I think Ellerbe and Wheeler are very good) and OLs who are still green.

This will continue to affect us. Next year won't be good either unless some leaders are brought in or miraculously emerge. 




 It'll be one of those statements where there's a lot of talking without really saying anything.
 




 Much snow. Wow. 




 People can also be really fucking high on meth. 




 Saying he's better than RJ Stanford is like saying Chlamydia is better than Herpes. 




 Have you tried Google reverse image search? 




 Hmmm, yeah I see what you mean.

Did you use regular spray paint? If so, do you know the colors/brands? Maybe I'll pick up a used helmet and do this...just have it on display. 




 You get your own! I want his! 




 I don't have a helmet, nor a motorcycle. I just want to sit at my desk at work (I live in New England) and piss off all the Pats fans.

So, old or not...it looks sweet. Sell? 




 Please sell me that helmet.

Oh, and please sell me that helmet. 




 That's super cute. 




