 I've been looking forward to this, I loved Infinite and I hope that the story dlc will be worth the wait. I'm hoping that the extra time equates high quality! I'm especially looking forward to playing as Elizabeth! 




 Yes! I sprung for the Season Pass and I have definitely gotten my money's worth.  




 She's probably thinking you're the oblivious one, op. 

Talking ad nauseum about another guy is probably an attempt at gently letting you know that she is not interested in you romantically. She likes you enough to not reject you outright, and is hoping you get the hint.

EDIT: To be clear, I am not endorsing this behavior - just pointing out her possible motivations.  




 This! I've been on birth control since I was 15 to control my periods - I definitely was not sexually active until much later. Even if she is using it for its intended purpose though, be happy that she is proactive in her own health and that she trusts you enough to be involved! 

Make sure she knows the importance of taking the pill regularly and at the same time as it can affect efficacy. And that it doesn't prevent STDs - there's a lot of really bad information floating out there. Knowledge is her (and your) best friend. 




 Pretty great - it won both 'Most Creative' AND 'Best Overall'! 




 Thanks! I spent all day on them while he worked on the chili. I was pretty pleased with how they turned out  




 There were name tags with a spot for "interests," I put "arts and farts." 




 Nope, what with intellectual property I don't own and all. Just made the one-offs!  









 Original Poster - i.e. the person who authored the post.  




 Try searching for urban impressionists, or impressionistic cityscapes. Good luck! 




 That would be awesome but no de-contamination chamber. In the most general sense, "closed" just means that it is only accessible to library staff and the public can't browse the shelves. Closed or not most libraries try to have climate control, as extreme temperatures, humidity, etc. are awful for conservation. This becomes more important for rare books/manuscript libraries.  




 Also the light is a big issue. If it were up to librarians, there wouldn't be any windows in libraries at all. Take for example [Herman B Wells Library](https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/u8bS2__uK8-jaeX1AM4xxg) at Indiana University at Bloomington. It was designed without windows because it was intended as a closed stacks library - meaning patrons would have to ask library staff to retrieve a book for you. This quickly didn't happen because most students wanted to be able to browse the stacks. So, they opened it up, but still no windows. Almost every rare book/manuscript library will be closed stacks though, and I find many European/British research libraries tend to follow this model as well.  




 Yes. And OP, and everyone else for that matter, **please** always give proper credit to the artist when you post their work. For reference this piece is by [Hsin-Yao Tseng](http://www.hsinyaotseng.com). This is copyrighted work, and I'm sure he doesn't appreciate this infringement without lack of credit or proper citation. Not to mention mis-attributing the city.

He has a show opening on October 5th at the Waterhouse Gallery in Santa Barbara, CA. SoCal Redditors should go and support great art! 




 I know the person who is Almost Politically Correct Redneck. The picture had made the rounds of the internet before its current incarnation, and he was aware of that. I'm not sure he realizes quite what it has become now-a-days.  




 I've started playing DOTP and really enjoy it and would like to start playing MTG IRL - but I'm having a hard time finding a good transition format.  




 I think I would be the one convincing my husband...
 




 I love my visible hair! A lot of people think I don't have any it's so fair. T 




 I'm not sure it's still open, can't seem to find a website, but Miss Annabelle's in Loveland was cute 




 This will likely get buried but it's a pretty bizarre story:

While I was in middle school and high school, my family lived in Japan as a result of my dad's job with an American based company that transferred him there. My mom, brother, and I were in the United States for one summer and had taken a trip to Cedar Point in Sandusky, OH - not our home town. It was a hot day and we took a break to sip some beverages on some "jungle cruise" type attraction. The host of the ride was engaging the passengers and asked where everyone was from. It came round to us and we said our city in Japan. The guy in front of us then turns around, and says, "Oh, are you with BlankCompany?" Which was correct, and odd as most people assumed military. My mother affirmatively; he then asked our last name. She then, somewhat hesitatingly replied. He then asks, "Where's Librarnox'sDad'sFirstname." After we got over the shocked silence, we find out that this was the guy who had been doing our taxes for the last 5 years. My mom knew his name from paperwork, but had never actually met him IRL. To add another layer, he wasn't from Sandusky either, I think he was from Pittsburgh or something.

Oh, and just the other week, my soccer coach from Japan showed up randomly to an event at my place of business - in the mid-western United States... 




 In an otherwise great show, they have a scene in *Orange is the New Black * when Pennsatucky gets picked up by a super-right-wing/Christian law firm and she walks into the court room, there are people with signs, cheering, etc. Would not happen in a court room. Though strangely enough *My Cousin Vinny* has some of the most accurate representation of court room procedure! 




 I believe it said something to the extent of "happy birthday, I'm glad you're trail brought you here"

I bought this for a friend a week ago, and it seemed at, as she had relocated within the last year. 




 I think there's at least 3 for each brewery, not sure which specific brews 




 Check out the Lebanon, South Lebanon, Morrow, Kings, Landen, etc. They are all not far off of 71 and the state highways in and out of Wilmington. Close enough to easily get to Cincinnati if you are so inclined. There's plenty of apartments there! 




 5:00 to 9:00 - The event itself is free and its $10 for 10 tastings (for either chili or beer!), $20 for a wristband for 30!

Breweries 50 West, Blank Slate, Great Lakes, and Rivertown will all be there.  




 The tail was full of demons. 




 It was boring until my brain was on autopilot and I slammed on the brake as though it were the clutch...

Luckily just jerked my friend around a bit. I love my stick. 




 Level 5 and 9 are low enough that it wouldn't take terribly long to get back up there quickly if you just want to start a new character. You could play a new Siren - you're fully up on the skill trees and what works well. If you want something more long range, Zer0 is good, but I find that he works best when paired with another character. Axton's turret is bonkers, and can be used to good effect - much more in the thick of things. And I do have to put a good word in for Salvador - he is fun as hell to play. But I always love berserkers :) 




 The Gorge is great - the Hocking Hills are amazing too. Basically anywhere in Vinton county - the least populous county in the state! 




 I feel 100% confident that Mozart would tweet the shit out of everything. And be a selfie king. This is the same man who wrote [Leck mich im Arsch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leck_mich_im_Arsch), or "Lick me in the Ass." 




 This. thisthisthis. It was a low point in my life when I had to essentially put a used tampon in my purse for later disposal since dude-bro didn't have a trashcan in his bathroom. This was just at a random party. Do this even if you don't have a female significant other. 




