









 Host Europe wants to make clear that we will not tolerate any form of illegal right-wing extremist content and we explicitly distance ourselves from this.

Seems to mean that they view Voat as a site full of Neo Nazis and they don't want to have anything to do with a site that would tolerate that bullshit.   And to be honest, they made the right decision.   
























  "Gov't" I haven't seen literally anyone spell government that way outside of Conservative blogs...

The real reason is that they don't know how spell the word "government".   And they can't figure out how to use the spell check feature of their word processor of choice.  

 









 I just get pissed off when people try and say how much honor Lee had because he thought he needed to defend Virgina because it voted to secede from the Union.    It's total bullshit excuses that parents don't accept from their child.   "I had to smoke, Mommy.  All the kids are doing it".    Just because one puts on a military uniform and plays marching band music doesn't mean your excuse for turning traitor makes sense.  Just makes you a stuck-up self-important idiot.   




 Another southerner who was loyal in the Civil War was Montgomery C. Meigs from Georgia.   He was the guy who decided to place the new National Cemetery on the Union Occupied estate that was then owned by Robert E. Lee.   The one we now consider the hollowed ground of Arlington National Cemetery.  

Meigs remained loyal to the Union and he was rightly pissed off that Robert E. Lee had turned traitor.   



















 As a Comp Sci project, it's sort of an interesting thing for them to do.   But if you want to user reddit, just using Reddit makes the most sense.  

Add in all the free-speech in all situations people who defend death threats and child porn.... and it's just a recipe for disaster.      







































 I listened to him on a interview of him on podcast once where he used the phrase "I'm as much of a feminist as a man can be as still retain a penis".     So he doesn't even try and run from the description.    He fully embraces it.   

People could only be surprised by his being very liberal because they are stupid.   Next up they will all write angry letters to the editor and blog posts demanding to know when water was made wet by the evil government.   
























 I have approved this AMA.   It was setup by /u/CaveDave for /u/NicholasVincent to do this.   I'll let Cavedave explain more.   














 Here is some [gold](http://i.imgur.com/XLvn125.jpg) for you.    






















































 [](/yes) 









 [](/yes) 




 To the point that anyone who took up arms with the Confederates was required to re-swear Allegiance to the United States if they wanted to hold public office after the Civil War.   




 All the other reasons for the Civil War that you can come up with all lead back to Slavery.  

The Southern Agrarian Economy.... based on slavery.  

Tax issues.   Based on funds raised by working slaves on Southern Plantations.  

Trade issues.... around crops that were farmed by slave labor.  

States rights.... to own human beings as if they were farm animals.  

Not a one of those other issues does not lead directly back to slavery.    There is no other issue involved in the US Civil War.  It's 1all 100% of it about slavery.    Every other issue in relation to the causes of that war is actually the slavery issue in disguise.   




 They believed in so much freedom that the one freedom that was totally and forever to be banned by the Confederate Constitution was that Slavery could never be banned.  The one and only state right that they were totally fighting for was itself to be limited from the very beginning.   Slavery was to be a forever pact of the Southern States that seceded.    Advocating for change on that front was to be banned forever and ever.  Plus a few more years.  They considered slavery so important that they really drove it home in their treasonous rewrite of the Constitution.  









 Message The [Reddit admins](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Freddit.com) directly please.   This is not the place for massive arguments.  
























 [](/no) 




 [](/yes) 










































































































































































































































 I model my moderation ways more on Tamerlane.   He supposedly dabbled in architecture, where he had towers built of human skulls.   You never hear cool stories like that about Hitler or Stalin.    




 Actually, the best domain to submit to /r/Politics is probably The Atlantic or The Nation.  And both of those are better quality.    Of course, YMMV.   




 The  "you're doing that to much" message never goes fully away.   It's controlled based on the karma one has earned in the specific subreddit.    If you go to a subreddit you have not posted in before and post things people down vote a lot, then you'll start seeing that message.   




 They are running from people like me.  You know, people who can't stand NeoNazis  and their stupid claims that the Holocaust never happened.     








































































































 It was never all that true.   The mythology about it is mostly something that admins let develop because countering it with reality would have involved doing something, like typing out a few comments.    Mostly the admins were very interested in something other than talking to users.   Which is mostly still the current modus operandi.   




























































































































