 Righty-o Mr Jericho.  Pip Pop and the such.  Cheerio 




 Hall selling [the Stunner](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1242301/stone-cold-stunner-gif-o.gif) 




 So what was the point in lifting him up if all he was go to is clothesline him?  It doesn't add to it in any way 




 Vince McMahon's death, the tale of two Kanes, Angle wanting to have beastiality sex with Booker T's wife Sharmell, Katie Vick 




 grounded Stretch Muffler.  Anything is better than the Rear View. 




 Like anyone is surprised? 




 ~~arm~~ hand
ftfy.  Plus from what I heard she is still wrestling with it. 




 yeah I'm slow today lol 




 Macho Mandow vs Axelmania recreates the Macho Man vs Hogan match from Wrestlemania V 




 The Eddie Tribute video 




 Sister Abigail 




 OK. L.. that'll be three fitty 




 Nice reference 




 I've seen a little and it seems like it's a lot of the same... and then a balcony jump or two. 




 Morrison =/= amazing.  He was ok at best.  Too much of the same thing with his matches. 




 Yeah stealing the mask as the bad part for me... then it made me think of the lighting someone on fire thing which I would love to see lol. 




 Steals Kane's mask and wears it.  He has an interview with Cole and lights him on fire a-la when Kane did it to JR 




 The Champ is Wooooooooooo! 




 NH... HHH enough said.  Though I am biased because I live in NH lol 




 Rikishi and Reigns do it and become Umanga 




 Shucky Ducky Quack Quack! 




 uhhhhhh......???? 




 True... that intro was quite the rip off 




 Red Rider "Lunatic Fringe" -- Ambrose 




 Ziggler hurts himself.  He gets momentum going and then either says stupid shit in interviews or goes off and books his own comedy show without telling WWE.  Then he gets in deep shit and loses a push. 




 There once was a man from Riseen...

Who invented the Jack-Off Machine...

At the 99th stroke, 

the damn thing broke...

And mashed his balls into cream 




 And yet they wonder why they are failing in a business sense 




 They become champion? 




 Mr Fuji, Captain Lou Albano, Jimmy Hart also 




 [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Zd1j7mYOP8) 




 Yeah I'm good.  I'd rather watch NXT than John Morrison doing the same crap I hated him doing in WWE 




 So if I am a real wrestling fan, I should watch a soap opera with a little bit of wrestling in it? 




 That is the best thing I have seen in a long time.  Lester as Urkel is the best 




 Austin/McMahon rivalry 




 HHH (Evolution/Michaels feud) ... I have always loved the bad guys 




 *Welcome to Curb-stomp city Bitch!* 




 Hoda and Kathy Lee 




 Michael Cole's shoe...bronzed 




 A battery operated "massaging" device 




 Hey Cole... it's Johnny Nitro 




 He found a MGK CD in his son's room, instead of the mixed tapes he made for him 




 Red Arrow -- Mega Flippy Shit 




 The Big Guy is hungry... for this brand new Arbys Turkey Deluxe Sandwich, brought to you by Arbys. 




 So that's what Shelton Benjamin has been up to 




 Original finisher was intended to the Pedigree 




 He's gonna fire you man 




 The real reason Cena missed Raw 




 Other half-assed copies of gimmicks done by R-Truth 




 Buckle up Teddy! 




 Cuz the swish is better for ya bud 




 Well I care so your argument is invalid. 




 This 




 Ah.  I never paid that close attention to it. 




 Reigns cost Wyatt a spot in the MITB match.  Wyatt cost Reigns the MITB match.  There's your fucking tension 




 Huh??? 




 Like I said [the last time you posted this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/3a2bdq/spoilers_rebellions_young_main_eventer_stages_a/)

Like EC3 is the 1st person to ever do this? 




 Rear View, O-Zone, Zig Zag.

And the best reverse STO is Kennedy's Mic Check imo 




 r/wrasslin/ 




 Like EC3 is the 1st person to ever do this? 




 yup and then came back from the hospital to finish the show 




 That was honestly the thing that turned me off off TPB for the first season.  It was so annoying.  But the more I watched and realized they didn't happen anymore the more I loved the show. 




 Maybe if Ricky and that dirty cheeseburger loving greaseball Bo-Bandy had a illigimitate kid 




 "Fuck Finn Balorrrrrr!!!!" 




 Who? 




 His delivery on this is what made it. 




 Scott Steiner used to do this all the time.  He'd stop a pin to do pushups. 




 Rollins insulted the Authority so Lesnar is punishment.  Plain and simple.  The enemy of my enemy is my friend.  Same thing happened when Lesnar terrorized HHH and broke his arm.  Then HHH turned around as was on good terms with Lesnar when Lesnar returned. 




 Because people need to have blind hatred towards something and they chose Sheamus. 




 If you haven't tuned in in 10 years how do you know how Cena is?   




 Complain on reddit 




 Cena vs Owens 1 and 2 from elimination chamber and mitb as well as the raw interactions in between 




 Hey you finally asked a question instead of just posting the name and workout...congrats 




 I'm guessing watch the show.  Axelmania and Mandow were in character. 




 Brrrrrrapidoooooo!!!!  Wait! Is he the 4th man?!?!? 




 Wow... don't yell so loud or your mom will get mad.  Basements can amplify sound. 




 Big E's tights... I swear his nuts are gonna fall out one of these days 




 The Ryback military press slam... oh wait I would take it because I'm not a pussy like Punk 




 LET'S GO CENA! .... FUCK u/MORETRE87! 









 OK, so there is this guy who is going to be a DJ and he will never do drugs or drink alcohol... his name is MC Punk 




 Nope sorry... me no likey Sheamus.  Sheamus must die... blah blah blah.  Seriously though I agree with what you have going on. 




 Nobody is expected to just accept it.   You do or you don't.  That is his character. 




 I love how after one night where he attacks him, you already assume there is no reason.  Fuck this place today 




 I am still down for them bringing back Across the Nation 




 THE... DAY SUCKS! 




 Well they changed it slightly... less creepy Uncle Jerry, more shucky ducky 




 if only Lawler was still on Raw to make this actually work... 




 "Ohhhhh Myyyyy!"  -- Cole 




 Phil Collins hands down.  And the best scene is the Baaaaammmm!!  Peanut Butter and Jaaaaammmmm! one

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PSKKyOmYNA 




 Because now that people are liking reigns more,  they need to transfer their blind hatred towards someone else... hence Sheamus 




 Single worst thing ever?   Wow you are an idiot.   Yeah he may not be the ideal choice but there were worse in that match.  Gotta love how Sheamus hate is the cool it thing on this sub.   




 Did they announce that there will an 8th? 




 Haha... I like it now 




 I can picture Vince fainting at anyone Fandangoing lol 




 Still nursing that diarrhea Betty White gave them 




 kind of a random gif for the occasion but ok 




 The fuck did I just read? ?? 




 Sheamus... Never gotten into his whole shtick 




 she was somewhat attractive at the beginning of the series.  But now she is just total garbage 




 Bryan?  He isn't getting fucked by creative.  He is getting injured constantly. 




 Tough when all you hear is Albert and ATrain.  Plus he wasn't given enough time to hone the character and the moveset for that character.  They just thrust him right into the main scene and it sadly bombed. 




 Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door 




