 Can anybody provide examples of such videos?  I'd like to see what the fuss is all about. 




 Good.  Good.  Let the purr flow through you.

All kidding aside, get thee to a shelter.  I was a rookie cat owner when I got adopted, but my gf at the time had cats and coached me.

PM me if you need advice/how-to's.

Also consider getting two.   




 I've got a 12-year old orange tabby who was a feral kitten that adopted me at the beach just like the little kitten in the vid.

He and I are besties.   




 You and I are of the same iTunes tinkering fellowship.

I don't understand why Steve of this story didn't do the same.  He had the song requests in advance.  It'd be maybe 10 minutes to set up a playlist. 




 IIRC, Probst had just announced that a guy allied with the two girls had been voted off, while Matty in the middle hated the guy. 




 That's correct.  It looked like a preppy college jacket   tie combo.

Dunno why I'm getting these downvotes. 




 Sorry -- what does this bot do?
 




 I bet legal fees ate up a huge chunk of the winnings. 




 You'll be fine around there.  I'd run southwest on NY Ave until you hit 15th and then across the pedestrian block of Penn to see the White House, take a left on 17th and down to the Mall.  Be careful crossing Constitution.  

Alternatively 10th St. takes you past the montrosity of the FBI building and Ford's Theater one block up. 




 I love this site:

http://800notes.com/Phone.aspx/1-202-559-6606/11

This number's got 11 pages of comments, so yes it's a national thing.   




 Oh wow talk about a cat who hit the lottery.  

My cat will eat almost anything but I guarantee you that if he lived in a sushi joint, he'd be just like this cat.   




 The number of details really helped sell it.  He was wearing a jacket and tie that is exactly what a white guy in college would wear.   




 I live in Washington DC.  Only recently -- maybe the past two years -- were the liquor stores allowed to be open on Sundays.  We could get wine and beer from the small grocery stores throughout the city.

 




 Oops I did.  Thanks. 














 Many thanks!

I was standing in the main viewing stand with the official countdown timer just in front of me.  I remember that just after they announced the abort, the heatwave from the main engines hit me and lifted the cuffs of my pants.  

I can only imagine what the full launch would've done. 

Earlier that year, maybe even late '84, I happened to be in a parking lot in Santa Barbara waiting for a bus shuttle to LA when two sonic booms startled me.  

Yup, a shuttle landing at Vandenburg.  I had no idea what the sound was until I got home.  It sounded like a pair of surround sound shotgun blasts, but catching you more in the chest. 




 What bugs me about the story is that the owner didn't trust your dad to camp there anymore.  Like he'd done something wrong.

The owner knew something that your dad didn't know. 




 Gotta love a cat that runs towards danger rather than away.

I have an 18 pound orange tabby tomcat.  Nothing happens in my neighborhood unless he wants it to happen. 




 I've read the letter where Franklin expressed this view -- it was in the context of a letter to his nephew.

I thought it was tongue in cheek.

He might've been somewhat serious, but the letter was definitely uncle-trolling. 




 I think ospreys are eagles, just more sea-going.   




 You and me, brother.  I don't think we're alone. 




 *insight

I didn't know it existed.  I grew up in the 70's so if there's any detail you need, I was there.  

Did they report on the Schwinn banana seat bicycle?  That was the defining thing to own for my generation as boys.

Typically though I find these retrospectives are done knowing now what happened and filtered accordingly.  

Jerry Ford's handling of the Pueblo Crisis is a footnote now, but I remember it got my attention.  We'd just gotten out of Vietnam and suddenly North Korea wanted to mess with us.  We really didn't need that. 




 I doubt the FBI got its panties twisted by somebody's bumper sticker, but I also wouldn't doubt that somebody somewhere asked for context and easily got it.

The hashtag if it actually got used on twitter would've been NSA/DHS territory.  Again, the context was I bet easily found. 




 That might -- MIGHT -- have been true for the 50's.  But don't forget about Sputnik demonstrating superior space technology and the leaks of the hydrogen bomb to the Soviets.

Then they put missiles in Cuba.  That to my mind is when the Cold War turbocharged itself.   




 It's true.  They support adoption for the cat or doggie and hope you'll come back to them for food   accessories if not grooming. 




 Sylar is the nutshell for everything wrong with Heroes.

I'm not impressed by this trailer.  Looks like the same old bait   switch of the original.

I actually got a little angry watching it. 




 I was high school class of '80.  Youngest bro did well for himself. 




 The Citizen Kane spoiler was also I think a Billy Crystal joke on SNL so it's forgivable.   




 The problem with international law is that it's an awfully amorphous field.

I know a lawyer who is always flying around the world doing negotiations and making deals, but not as an international lawyer but an expert in US medical devices.  

When I think of international lawyers, I think of State Department or USAID people.  Those are great jobs to have btw. 




 Get onto the running paths of the C O Canal and you look up at the streets crossing it.  Dunno if that's what you're looking for.   




 Tyrion Lannister: "One game at a time." 




 Duke fans individually are perfectly fine.

It's when they get together as a group that's the problem. 




 Dunno if there will be any Colombians or Argentinians there, but Lucky Bar should do nicely.  Call ahead to make sure they're showing it but they almost certainly will be. 




 Zookeepers around the world have been imitating Chris Pratt in Jurassic World:

http://www.dorkly.com/post/74902/zookeepers-around-the-world-are-chris-pratt-ing-with-their-animals

It's sort of like Tebowing except not annoying.

With actual dinosaurs, that Smithsonian curator just won the competition.   




 I remember at just about this point last season thinking "OK the Nats are good but can they solve the Braves problem?"

They did and I've moved on to worrying about other franchises. 




 Wow.  Giving away a broken-in glove? 




 Doesn't look too bad.  That stuff a few nights ago was apocalyptic in comparison. 




 It has to be something regional.  I'd get a referral to somebody who specializes in food allergies or reactions.  This is the kind of problem they love to solve. 




 I now agree with you all -- FP at very least had too much coffee this morning. 




 That's annoying.   




 FP still appears to be traumatized by Yoga in the Park. 




 AZ can just ask for your papers on demand?  If that's part of a traffic stop, I don't see a problem -- license and registration are required everywhere -- but papers on demand?

Yeah that's not going to last long. 




 That was some terrific situational hitting.  Escobar's hit in particular. 




 Here in DC the police cannot ask jaywalkers for ID.  They're affirmatively prohibited from it.  I guess they'd had problems with pretext arrests back in the day.   




 Here's the Post with detail:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/nationals-journal/wp/2015/06/25/bryce-harper-anthony-rendon-out-of-the-nationals-lineup/?tid=hpModule_a4df998e-86a7-11e2-9d71-f0feafdd1394 hpid=z10 




 Is that house a carbon copy of the Amityville Horror house? 




 This is true:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Monroe#Military_service_in_the_Revolutionary_War_and_serious_wounding 




 I saw Challenger abort in '85.  So disappointing.  They'd lit the main engines, something went wrong, and they pulled the plug before lighting the SRB's.   




 At first I thought who would rob a movie set and why is a costumer so brave?

Then... typo. 




 I jog past the Watergate and sometimes ponder all the other gates it has spawned.   




 If you like gin, that Green Hat Gin named in honor of him is really good.  It's actually distilled in DC, too.   




 I'd add womens tennis to that list.  I love watching the Williams sisters.  Olympic swimming doesn't suck, either. 

Regarding softball, I once batted against a female colleague who had pitched for I think Stanford.  I like to think of myself as a decent batter but I have never felt that kind of frustration and humiliation.  I didn't know a softball could physically travel that fast. 




 Verifying it is one thing; establishing its provenance is quite a different matter.  

I'm smelling war loot.  They're going to need to establish that it wasn't stolen.   









 USA 0-1 China or maybe a PK situation but I have a feeling the USA is done

Germany 3-1 France

Australia 1-2 Japan

Canada 0-1 England which I know is a huge upset but I've got another feeling
 




 Dunno about that hygiene grade... 









 Wow.  Virginia won something.  What is this feeling I'm experiencing? 




 At least in Virginia, not so much.  It's not the economic powerhouse of northern Virginia, but the true poverty line doesn't start until you get closer to the West Virginia line.   




 Niners and Nationals fan + Wahoos.  

Gin is the only thing that eases the pain. 




 Didn't it fall through though?

What's going on with that parcel now?  Is it the big Trump development? 




 The line running from northern Virginia into Georgia roughly tracks the Appalachian mountains.  Lots of Scots-Irish settled those highlands.  Lucky people, too -- it's gorgeous.   




 Special hell for this bastard. 




 Ah Desi you wonderful wonderful man. 




 BFA! 




 Same thing going on here in DC.  The whole city feels like a construction site. 




 I think that it's also that many of us (I'm from SW Virginia) have families that have been here so long that it's impossible to pin down which European country is our origin.

Taking the four names of my grandparents, I've got French, German, English, and Welsh.  It gets exponentially muddled going back through generations, with one line going back to Pocahontas.  

So for me it's impossible to say.   




 It's something in your diet.  Start switching things around.  A food allergy is most likely. 




 I grew up in the 70's and burned my tongue so many damn times on their coffee before I just started going elsewhere.

It was really crappy watery coffee, too.   




 Call the admissions director and voice your concerns.  Maybe they'd give you a fresh start.  And how come this suspension is so long -- I thought the typical suspension for a flunk-out was a semester or two.   




 Of course.  I bet that if you wrote the prestigious university and explained that you're better now, they'd let you back in, too.  Nobody's going to be around anymore from your original class.   




 Did they every ID the body they found that had the connection to the shoeshine guy in I think Crystal City?

I bet this poor guy's death is somehow related to the storms. 




 And from the country that produced Kafka. 




 One of my friends had a pair -- his wife was allergic.  They were kind of cute once you got used to them having no hair.

They always cuddled with a human for warmth.  Adorable. 




 I think people congregate on the Lincoln end of the Mall.  But the Capitol end is where they have the concert, so that's going to be affected. 




 I gasped out loud.  It's rare for something on the internet to make me do that. 




 I live in DC.  Woe unto those on the Red Line. 




 There's a mistake in this -- the Chicago bid was for 2016, which Rio won.

The US 2012 bid was NYC, which was dead on arrival.  No place to put the Olympic stadium.   




 We're in agreement then.  

ESPN needs to learn that nobody outside on NY and New England cares. 




 That rivalry annoys the bejesus out of me for all the press it gets, but I think it's the very model of a rivalry that is NOT forced.   




 I live in DC and it's a real beating to get to FedEx.  Once there, it's a joyless experience.   




 This is misleading.  There are plenty of coaches who are in fantastic shape (Pete Carroll, the Harbaughs). 




 I hope but I think the ship has sailed again.  Who knows -- maybe the USOC has some DC partisans in it.  I think we sadly have to assume that if if yanks Boston, the bid goes to LA. 




 I really wanted to transcribe his rant on Hall of Fame voters living in their basements with their moms and voting all day.  "Not that there's anything wrong with it." 









 Here's a great article about what it would have looked like:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/digger/wp/2015/06/12/why-the-olympics-washington-didnt-win-could-still-transform-the-city/

I saw the 2012 bid plans which DC lost to NYC and this is MUCH better.  It's a damn shame it lost. 




 I went for the second week as an adult.  It was great.  I saw Michael Johnson run both the 200m and the 400m.  

Exhausting, but what a great week.   




 Yeah I'm seeing lots of red links today.  Anybody know what's going on? 




 FWIW anytime I hear of somebody named Gay, I think of the sole survivor of VT-8 at Midway:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_H._Gay,_Jr. 




 Great news.  Boston's bid is effectively a replay of the disastrous NYC bid for 2012.

I wish DC had gotten the bid, but if the USOC goes with LA, the Olympics are almost certain to be there.   




 SPANNING! 




 That's from Chelsea James.  She's one of the Post's baseball writers. 




 Alright.  I'll go on a beer run.   




 Great.  My satellite just came back on only to hear Dave toss the broadcast to EPSN until 8:30.  

Too bad this isn't a Friday.  We could have another Padres drinkfest.
 




 Oh.  Well I'll have a G T anyway.  The tink is the ice going into the glass. 




 The winter games are an entirely different beast from the summer games though.   




 If you look at the Post's radar loop, it looks like it's just a glancing blow.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/weather/

Still I looked out my back window a few minutes ago and it looked as dark as it get closer to 8pm. 




 Wahoowa!  Is that tink for a gin   tonic? 




 I liked Bryce winning the walkoff.  The guy's seen Zoolander; she hasn't. 









 "Everyone's a critic."

POW! 














 I just became a commie about downvoting to 1783.

 September 3, 1783
 The United States and Great Britain sign the Treaty of Paris and Great Britain signs a separate treaty with France and Spain.

I am no damn commie! 




 That's always bothered me too.

It's kind of like when the NFL Cardinals went to Arizona, suddenly Phoenix didn't want to acknowledge the St. Louis years.  

Mind you, they had good reason, and so does Minnesota for the Senators, but the '24 era players ought to be commemorated somehow. 




 Trust me: the TV show was better than the movie!

I think it set the stage for Buffy.

You're dealing with Duncan MacLeod of the clan MacLeod though -- a different character than Christopher Lambert's.

Here's a highlight reel with Queen:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTuntEPJZow 




 First the [flying cat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_8mdH20qTQ) and now this. 




 And play here:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prestatyn 




 I don't think it was a cartoon by any stretch.  

It was more lyrical, rather than a show of force.

There's no way to beat thousands of communists oops FoxCon employees drumming away.

Anyhow.  London's closing ceremony was where the English put their true genius.  Does anybody remember Beijing's closing? 




 Yeah maybe but the timing of her visit to England and her death I think means a certain connection to a typical London disease -- she died on the voyage back home without clearing the Channel.  

Here's wiki on it:

https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Pocahontas#Death

They cite smallpox, pneumonia or TB.  The timing adds up for those to my mind. 




 You found Trevor Hudson! 




 I've pretty much given up on reading Joel Stein's columns in Time for the same reason.  

That being said, it is fun to remember that those guys plotting the Thatcherite rebellion thought so highly of themselves.   




 You da real MVP 




 Why is nobody considering that he simply had a heart attack? 




 I live in DC and when I saw the headline in the Washington Post maybe two days saying that he was missing there, I read it as White House Chief Missing as in Chief of Staff. 




 Well the Vince Foster thing really was odd. 




 Better this than a ringbear(er). 




 I saw Les Miserables in London.  The actress singing Eponine absolutely wrecked me with On My Own.

I think she noticed and kinda gave me a half smile/wink as she exited.

I've always wondered who she was. 




 Without clicking on it, I knew it'd be True Romance.

What a great film.

Excellent choice. 




 Heh.  There's something to this.  I worked on Connecticut and L in the early 90's and as I was walking home around 6pm, the strippers for those clubs near Sign of the Whale were just coming in.  Lots of interesting early 90's fashion choices...

No clue what's going on at 6am there though. 




 What on earth makes you think /r/law gives a rat's ass about anything in Bergen County?  What state is it in, for starters.   




 I always heard typhoid, smallpox, or some other disease common to Londoners who had built up resistance, but she from the New World had not.  She died shortly after visiting London and being received by Queen Elizabeth and treated with diplomatic respect.  

Plus she and Rolfe had already had a child.  Syphilis would've prevented that, I think. 




 Cool enough.  Agreement: nbd. 




 Me, too.  My google-fu is weak, but I found this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoiFGva_JoY 




 I bet she knew this.

You'd think she'd wear flats to meet the president.   




 Five months ago on pics, but the rest are cross-posts.

My panties are not twisted. 




 I wonder why they arrested him in the first place?   




 The TV show was awesome from start to finish, though. 




 I agree.  I don't think BN ever fell off a cliff like the others.

There were too many iterations of evil secret organizations responsible for burning Michael, but that's forgivable for what the show was. 




 I've never seen it.  I've seen a telephone/internets cable, but not this one. 




 Shouldn't this car get ticketed on sight?

That poster's obscuring the rear view mirror's view. 




 What is the gun safety one like?  For $2 I'd buy it to mess with visitors to the house. 




 And now we know that Mrs. A. O. Teller of Honolulu came up with one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. 




 I regard the distinction as being the same as watching womens tennis.  The Williams sisters would get crushed by a male ranked in the top 200 (and did once -- he was slightly drunk, too) but they're still a lot of fun to watch.  

I saw womens Olympic matches in '96 at RFK, and this after also having seen mens WC matches there two years earlier in '94.  What struck me was that the goalie couldn't kick the ball for a clear nearly as far as a mens goalie, but I was really impressed by their athleticism.   




 Way too many spoilers in this for those of us that haven't seen it yet. 




 The woman in front has full Theda Bara make-up on.  Even back then, I can't imagine somebody would wear that to the beach. 




 I wonder about that, too.  A cat who didn't like it would run away or decapitate him.

I dunno.  Maybe this guy secretly wants to get decapitated. 




 I live in DC and listen to WTOP all the time.  In his defense, he's a radio reporter -- and a very good one at that.

My bet is what you are reading is a transcription of an item he read on air.  

Writing radio reports means brevity above all else. 




 Here's another article from the Washington Post.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/wp/2015/06/22/supreme-court-lets-its-nerd-flag-fly-with-comic-book-references-in-spider-man-toy-decision/

I loved the final paragraph.  She wasn't just geeking out for the sake of geeking out. 




 Please tell me this girl is now in a K-pop band. 




  kappa

What's this kappa stuff?

 




 I've never thought of the USWNT as being particularly chirpy unless somebody lets Hope Solo get near a microphone without adult supervision.

Anyhow, I have a bad feeling about this match.   




 I didn't know the Brits relegated the games to third-tier broadcasters.  Promote the matches, get them on the air where everybody can see them, and I bet the audience would grow.  I'd imagine little English girls would be just as interested as little American girls, which is the core audience that seeded interest in the '99 WC.

It seems like this is just benighted broadcasters not realizing what they have on their hands.

Speaking of which:
 in a pre-cable age the 1999 Womens World Cup

What?!  Cable was in most households by the early 80's.   




 Yeah this article is wikihole trap.  

You could read about the entire Battle of the North Atlantic given enough time.  




 The ep where the woman who'd lost her family went to NYC was one of the single best eps of anything ever filmed. 




 That was nothing compared to Toy Story 2 when Jessie gets left behind in the box at the recycling kiosk and peeks out to see her grown-up little girl driving away.

They had Sarah McLachlan singing "When She Loved Me."

Again: **Sarah McLachlan singing "When She Loved Me."** 




 Whoa!  It's Swiss?

I would've thought it was an indigenous drum from say Indonesia that I'd never heard about.

While listening to it, I did think she was using Western musical patterns though.  So at least I had that going for me. 




 Ed Grimley might be able to offer something:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvbQKSaYQD8 




 Whoa.  I always thought Kansas was almost dry and Missouri gloriously wet.  

Funny that the former dry holdout approves things faster. 




 For all the Anglo-hatred Joe Kennedy had, he sure seemed to like having the women in his family be Anglophiles. 




 "That's not how this works.  That's not how any of this works!" 




 Many thanks!

So you find yourself being able to ship to only certain states?  

Did you ever meet Battle?   




 Did you do this before the Matildas won?  If not, get thee to Vegas. 




 There's a Joe Jackson (who is English) song from I think the Mad World album, released in the late 80's where here's talking about a WWII vet who lost his leg and says "no more soccer for you!"

Whether he changed the line for the US market, I don't know.   




 States can operate in parallel to the federal government.

I read that a state contested Flying Dog's Raging Bitch.  

It's ultimately apparent that they're talking about canines so the word bitch in the context isn't pejorative.  Whatever state it was withdrew the challenge, but the feds had already let it go through.

My bet is that you need to get pre-approved for federal purposes but the states can challenge it as they see fit. 




 I love the kitten at the bottom keeping time. 




 Driving might -- might -- make sense if you drive around the Beltway and come into town from the east, but the I-66 direct route will be miserable and you might miss the show.  

Metro will be crowded but at least you'd be likely to get a seat on the way in.   




 A similar thing happened to my hometown paper during the Virginia Tech shootings -- The Roanoke Times.  None of the cable outfits could get into Blacksburg due to high winds keeping them from landing and the Times did an outstanding job breaking the story and the aftermath.   




 We got hail in Georgetown.  I picked a couple up and they're in my freezer.  One's quarter sized the other nickel

My cat was traumatized. 




 BFA! 




 Adorable little kid with the snow cone. 




 WIPE THAT SMUG SMILE OFF YOUR FACE HITLER. 




 For the Watch. 




 I just tuned in, looked at the score, and was all "what, did the game start at 11am?!" 




 That was terrific!  The Anderson Sisters harmony, blue T-shirt girl knowing how to dance that way... WHAT FUN! 




 Oh they do but I don't think they've ever heard of "leg day." 




 Compare and contrast to Nathan Fillion:

http://www.newamericanjackets.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/Tv-Firefly-Malcolm-Reynolds-Nathan-Fillion-Coat-Jacket.jpg 




 Four stomachs?  I always wondered why their chests are so massive. 




 As soon as I see somebody wearing a V for Vendetta mask, I disregard them.   




 I have never understood how the Larry Niven Ringworld series hasn't been filmed. 




 You are completely mis-remembering it.

Spiro Agnew resigned as VP long before Watergate broke.

Nixon's choice to replace him was Gerald Ford, who became president upon his resignation. 




 That's not true -- Deep Throat was Woodward's source and his alone. I don't think Bernstein knew his identity until Felt announced himself.

Plus, Vanity Fair got the scoop because a Felt family lawyer handled the announcement, which resulted in the Post being scooped by someone else because Woodward and Bradlee couldn't comment until they had confirmed that Felt had come forth.  Very odd situation.   




 If you are referencing Silver Streak, I might have to say mean things on the internet. 




 Ordering Instructions
1. please specify aircraft  




 Whoa that's a great idea.  I wish were like the Duke basketball fans and could get everybody on the same page pre-game. 




 It was Michelle Pfeiffer's first big role, though.  I'll always thank Hollywood for that.

Never seen the movie though. 














 I didn't want to karma whore, but go the Post.  The line on top of us right now is nothing compared to the next one, which ought to be here in maybe a half hour.  It's not a derecho but it could get bumpy.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/weather/ 




 Stachowski's occasionally has a turkey mac   cheese as a dinner special.  It's delicious.   




 He changed his jersey every inning?  How many do they have? 




 I know!  It was great to see him. 




 The next time I see Tabata coming my way, I will cross the street.  That is how angry I am. 




 I gotta say: way to go MASN for not going to commercials! 




 What a dick move by Tabata.  

Petition to put him on the permanent /r/nationals shit list. 




 OH NO! 




 Aspirin asperin dammit where is the aspirin?! 




 I actually got chills go down my spine  when Max took the field.  This is really something.

RENDON!!! 




 Thank you!  I saw this on /r/dc and thought "hmm, I wonder where else people might like to see this..."

Anyhow, adding some context to the story, this is in Adams-Morgan (thus the play on the bar's name), which at the time had been having a spree of pop-up electronic music dance parties occurring in unlicensed venues.   

This is what chimed in /r/dc :

 I think ABRA was concerned about the onslaught of those dance clubs that would pop up in unlicensed venues. So in order to stomp them out, they had to ding up Madam's Organ to show that they were enforcing noise violations across the board.


 









 Maybe.  I think ABRA was concerned about the onslaught of those dance clubs that would pop up in unlicensed venues.  So in order to stomp them out, they had to ding up Madam's Organ to show that they were enforcing noise violations across the board.  

Those pop up dance clubs were apparently really annoying.  

 




 I hope you've been catching him on Halt and Catch Fire.  It's a completely different vibe from Pushing Daisies -- more menacing. 









 Go down to Half Street and get your car inspected.  It's a much easier process than it used to be -- I've sailed through the past couple of years. 

Contest the ticket online.  I'd say you have a 90% chance of them waiving the ticket.   




  in the 80s

Oddly enough, 1985.  Aspen.  New Year's Eve.  My girlfriend at the time was a ski instructor.

I also met Barbara Eden on the same trip.   




 OH WOW!

Could you post the Bridges complaint?

Force gets all the press. 




 What can you possibly do when you have "DEA Agent Mark Force IV (best name ever)" in the mix. 

Poor guy.  He ran hard at these guys, then got too close to the flames. 




 Da! 




