 A stand-alone remastered zombie collection would be mucho appreciated... 




 Even as a kid, I felt Jedi kinda sucked... compared to the original 2. 

Lucas came back in the fold a bit with Jedi. It was originally 'Revenge of the Jedi'.

But then he got to thinking about his (new) children. He became soft. He didn't understand the difference between a movie being 'kid friendly'   'for kids'. 

He changed the name to 'Return'   the tone. He replaced a planet of wookies   replaced them with ewoks (easier to sell toys). He changed Luke's approach at Jabba's palace. He didn't realize his movies weren't kid movies, just movies kids enjoy. He did what he's prone to do   made it weak. 

Take the Greedo scene in IV. Greedo is a bad guy who's gonna kill Han if Han doesn't come with him. He's got a gun drawn on him (he's gonna shoot first, but Han beat him to it). Yet, Lucas became a Dad   suddenly thinks kids can't understand the situation. Even as a kid, I thought VI was crap (compared to originals)   wasn't surprised with the prequels... 

If you make something aimed directly at kids, it's gonna suck for adults.  The secret is make it something you can take a child to watch but made for everyone. Don't spoon-feed the kids, don't dumb it down, don't think they can't understand/appreciate it. 

(BTW: when will they include the Han/Leia wedding footage? When they test screened 'Revenge of the Jedi' there was a wedding at the end... ) 




 while you're preaching, might as well post in a better place...

http://www.reddit.com/r/AustinPetLostAndFound 




 was one of THE most impressive demonstrations I've ever watched,   yet barely got any coverage... 

Holograms y'all  




 if she drinks some Tang she could be an astronaut too... 




 these always remind me of MXC  




 H4 had the fewest button layout choices... every one had 2 buttons I'd love to swap out  




 very Bill Plympton'esque  




 That's it...hit them with another hack until they see the light of day 




 def needs to bring the Waypoint functionality back. ability to view entire Halo career too. view game history (maybe watch in theater mode). auto links to my Upload Halo videos. 

something more than the marketing hub 




 yup, pretty normal for a wakeboarder to jump in a ditch behind a Ferrari... 




 we knew social security was gonna be pushed to it's limits when the baby boomers (a large percentage of the population) got to their retirement years. we knew when they retired, there may not be enough money.

then George W. Bush used the social security funds to pay for 2 wars... 




 any counter service restaurant... wait 20-45 min to pay $20+ for a sandwich/burger/bbq/ramen/etc 




 ^ wish the K/D in your service record is a true K/D accumulated from Slayer matches only

Objective matches are measured in W/L, therefore your K/D shouldn't apply. (so what if you had a perfection if you lost?)

 




 TIL that only child actors can suffer childhood trauma   bullying  









 if Jack White wrote a book, he'd Jack White the shit out of this  




 tell him he's a damn yankee chickenshit asshole 
(he'll know it's from me) 




  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0H1mptKJQM 









 I just wish I could have customize-able controller button settings... since Reach, I've never been 100% satisfied with the offerings (H4 had the worst)

Why have us set up H4 loadouts if we can't use them in MP? all of the H4 maps I have played had stock loudouts.  




 if only Turtle Beach would make a dongle for my XP500 wireless headset I got for the 360 3 months before the XB1...  




 my favorite version...BESERKLEY

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcQJIy5_HLQ 




 I work at a restaurant in Austin, TX. I have at least 5 togo orders / day from Postmates (a delivery service which operates in multiple cities). 

Over the past year, we have never gotten a tip from any of their drivers. I have spoken with other food service employees from other restaurants who gripe about how they never tip   come in multiple times per day. 

I have several years experience in food service. It's common for their drivers to brag about how much money they make (decent amount)   inquire how I should apply to work for Postmates. 

Today, a driver opened up   said "I'd like to tip you but I can't... I finally found out why they don't tip:

* Postmates instructs them not to tip...ever. 

This company who makes money from the food service industry in multiple cities explicitly instructs their drivers to never tip using company credit cards...

(BTW: If you are a driver, you can tip cash... I know it's togo, but at least a dollar. Most everyone in this industry tips, even on togo) 

 




 that   when they just gun their nose in the gap forcing you to prevent a wreck... 

if you're gonna do this, at least put your blinker on   wait for an opening / permission  




 he have the 4 CD box set of rarities they just put out?  




 just let me know when the game is at least 90% fixed... 

haven't played one game. don't want to hate my favorite game. 




 They will grow up to overtake Putin   rule with an iron fist for sure... 




 OK, sounds like something from the National Enquirer, right next to the wolfman elvis...

I've been following these Romanian kids (the Stroes) for a couple years. Their father (a fitness freak) has been making these kids work out at least 2 hours a day since they were barely able to walk... I've even got a google news alert about them. I find it interesting (one of them holds the world record for vertical pushups   some other record). Of the numerous articles I've read / watched, this is the first mention of a 'mutation' I've ever read... I tried to cross reference that condition with results of the kids   came up with nothing.

I know that condition exists, but I'm sure their bodies are the result of hard work   not being mutants. 
 




 Bukowski is great... the difference is he constantly reminds you he's a piece of shit. completely upfront about it.  




 "Hey, I haven't seen a check in a while...maybe I can go down to the local Cash for Gold store?" 




 once AGAIN, XBOX keeps on screwing the diehard early adopters who use their hard earned money to support them  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wilco_Book

 




 I've always felt the US's 'war on drugs' should be protested by Mexico. It's a prohibition that has only created a huge demand for crime. US money has been funneled out of the country   into the hands of gangsters   crime lords. It's a huge violent fight to control this source of insane income. Mexico has crime syndicates that have to house US money is different houses it's so rampant   abundant. This prohibition has funded this criminal takeover of Mexico... the US has created it. 
 




 I had forgotten about the deluxe disc to Whole Love, thanks.  




 my favorite albums to date are the ones that 'grew' on me. the ones I grew to love are still my most favorite, way more than albums I instantly loved. I tend to 'outgrow' albums that were instantly liked too... 




   They can put them on Adult Swim as re-runs later 




 I have DISH   currently they are disputing with Turner Networks... works for now, but for how long?  




 depends on network. some require it.  




 I found one: 'I Got You (at the end of the century)' from the 'This is 40' soundtrack

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/wilco-this-40-judd-apatow-383991 




 Customer Satisfaction = Exceed Expectations  




 no, had never heard of...thanks 




 I've collected a good rare Wilco collection over the years   have been jazzed about this new box set. They released several tracks on 'roadcase' back in the early 2000's, I tried to DL what I could. I'm trying to find any studio tracks that didn't make it, but haven't found any...

Anyone know of any tracks not included? 




 NC BBQ comes down to sauce: Vinegar 

Depending on the side of the state: Pulled or Chopped

I prefer Memphis (N Mississippi) pulled pork / sauce...Still, NC is better than most TX options. 




