







































 This was posted 2 days ago: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/2wjv07/apple_will_fight_ios_bugs_with_firstever_ios/ 




 Several theories have been proposed but we don't know yet. It's one of the unknowns that keeps astronomers and particle physicists striving for an answer.  

A good layman's summary (although not brief) can be found in Wikipedia:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_matter 
























 The star passed through the Oort cloud at a distance of about 51,000 astronomical units (A.U.) from our Sun, very far beyond Neptune's orbit. Neptune is only 30 A.U. from the Sun (Earth is 1 A.U. from the Sun).  That huge separation combined with the star's small mass translates to its gravity having a negligible effect on Neptune's orbit. 




 Yes, by the same technique they used to determine that Scholz's star is receding from us.  


































 Yes, but it is rarely a pristine reflection so the reflected signal does not completely cancel but usually partially cancels the primary signal. Also there are usually many signals from several reflection sources so the cancellation is highly position dependent and it gets complicated very quickly.   

WiFi is usually a 2.4 or 5 GHz RF signal so it bounces off of anything that conducts, like metal used in building materials.  It can also partially reflect off of and be partially absorbed by other surfaces like walls, floors, ceilings and objects in homes.  




 The low signal areas are generally caused by a combination of 1) blockage of the WiFi signal by materials that attenuate or reflect the signal and 2) partial/full cancellation by the WiFi signal as it destructively interferes with a reflected version of itself or other RF sources. 

Predicting the RF pattern caused by the many attenuation, reflection and interference sources in a home is a very difficult thing to do, which is why measurement is appealing.  





























 I hear you, but these days the terms have become synonymous, and drones is just shorter to type. 




 7th paragraph from the bottom of the article:

 The new FAA proposal doesn't apply to hobbyists. The agency already issued a policy for recreational use, with rules calling for flying less than 400 feet high and within sight of the operator, while keeping clear of other aircraft and notifying air-traffic control when flying within 5 miles of an airport.


FAA's new proposed rules apply only to commercial use of drones. 




 7th paragraph from the bottom of the article:

 The new FAA proposal doesn't apply to hobbyists. The agency already issued a policy for recreational use, with rules calling for flying less than 400 feet high and within sight of the operator, while keeping clear of other aircraft and notifying air-traffic control when flying within 5 miles of an airport.

FAA's new proposed rules apply only to commercial use of drones. 















































































 Good point, I lazily copied the title from the article. 




 Yes, it is quite possible.  I believe Dr. Burrage is aware of this but didn't emphasize this point in her talk. 














 The graphic shows planets (one dot per planet) discovered over time, initially in 5 year increments and later in 1 year increments when the discovery rate picks up.  The vertical axis is the planet's mass relative to the Earth's mass and the horizontal axis is the time it takes the planet to make one orbit around its star (i.e. the planet's year) relative to an Earth year.  The initial discoveries (dark blue dots) are planets within our solar system and the later discoveries are outside of our solar system. 

Link to the author's blog post: http://www.hughosborn.co.uk/2015/02/09/a-history-of-planet-detection-in-one-animation/ 




 It was likely Ceres which was discovered 1801 and originally classified as a planet.  Later in 1851 it was reclassified as a minor planet along with 14 other similar bodies (I don't believe minor planets are included in the graphic).  

Source: http://space-facts.com/ceres/ 






































































































































 Thanks for the update. That's a relief, but sure hope we're able to see the video from the 1st stage tomorrow, assuming they launch. 




 Yeah, they reported an avionics issue earlier and it's not clear it was resolved when the range tracking issue was reported.  But they clearly cited the range tracking issue as the reason for the abort.  Hopefully we'll hear more on this. 




 Next opportunities are Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. Monday launch would be at 6:07 pm EST.   





























 Yes, that point is (indirectly) confirmed at NASA's DSCOVR site:

http://www.nasa.gov/content/goddard/dscovr-offering-a-new-view-of-the-solar-wind/index.html 




 Summary from Wikipedia: L1, L2 and L3 are normally unstable but semi-stable halo (or Lissajous) orbits around the Lagrangian points do exist.  Since these are not perfectly stable, small amounts of thrust for station keeping are required to maintain these orbits over long periods. For most spacecraft, the preferred amplitude of the Lissajous orbit around Earth-Sun L1 is 62,000 to 124,000 miles.  This keeps the spacecraft off the direct line between the Sun and Earth and reduces solar interference when antennas on Earth are directed at the spacecraft for communication.  

I assume that since since spacecraft near L1 follow fairly sizable orbits around the point, there is plenty of room for many spacecraft to occupy those orbits. 

Answer to bonus question: Either "Lagrange point" or "Lagrangian point" are correct, but Lagrange is directed to Lagrangian in Wikipedia.

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lagrangian_point 




 Replay of pre-luanch news conference on now at 
http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/nasatv/index.html 







































 I've looked for an archived version of this talk on the CERN website but I can't find it. Anyone else?  


It may take CERN a few days to get it up on their site.
 































































































































































 Yes.  












































 Ok, that works. Thanks for the clarification. 




 I understand the repetition of an article being a reason for removing a submission. However the first link was to a Scientific American article which references the paper. I thought a valid submission needed to link directly to a peer-reviewed in which the paper is published - Scientific American is not a peer-reviewed journal.  Has that rule changed?  Isn't a link to the original peer-reviewed journal a better reference to the topic? 














 The news is that the results of a *joint* assessment between the BICEP2 and Planck Consortium teams was finally documented (and prematurely released by the Planck HFI team.)  Yes, the assessment confirmed the initial suspicions that the signal BICEP2 detected can't be separated out from other distorting effects, such as our own galaxy's dust. 





























 Whoops, I'll delete 






















































