









 Well, I don't think US should *support* them. I just don't think US should be trying so hard to stop them. Seems likely ISIS will lose anyway. Worst case scenario, ISIS wins and wipes out the Syrian government, the Iranian government and a few terrorist groups. As for the civilians, they're utterly screwed under both the status quo and ISIS, so we're not doing them any favors either. 




 right, so those are bad things. But, like, everyone they're at war with is equally bad, and a bunch are actually kind of worse.  




 I think the USA should join Team ISIS.

Think about it. ISIS is trying to overthrow the Syrian government (that would be Bashar al-Assad's government, the one that used chemical weapons on its civilians). Meanwhile, ISIS is also at war with: Iran (the ones with the rogue nukes), Hezbollah (the ones with the rogue rocket strikes) and basically every failed state and terrorist organization in the region. Why are we trying to stop them? 




 It's ridiculous. 









 Here's an abstract from [the full study:](http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2015/150609/ncomms8352/full/ncomms8352.html)
Exceptionally preserved organic remains are known throughout the vertebrate fossil record, and recently, evidence has emerged that such soft tissue might contain original components. We examined samples from eight Cretaceous dinosaur bones using nano-analytical techniques; the bones are not exceptionally preserved and show no external indication of soft tissue. In one sample, we observe structures consistent with endogenous collagen fibre remains displaying ~67nm banding, indicating the possible preservation of the original quaternary structure. Using ToF-SIMS, we identify amino-acid fragments typical of collagen fibrils. Furthermore, we observe structures consistent with putative erythrocyte remains that exhibit mass spectra similar to emu whole blood. Using advanced material characterization approaches, we find that these putative biological structures can be well preserved over geological timescales, and their preservation is more common than previously thought. The preservation of protein over geological timescales offers the opportunity to investigate relationships, physiology and behaviour of long extinct animals. 




 Death To Paywalls!! Here's a bootleg copy of the complete study: http://docdro.id/12xxp 
























 huh. that's a good point. we should really say "newly discovered species". A newly discovered species really can't be THAT new...  




 Or reproduction in general has occurred in sync with El Nino Rabbis. 




 By the way, here's the complete study (no paywall): https://peerj.com/articles/1011/ 




 Original study: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0033589415000368 














