




 "Here comes the pope waving at fans and he has a......oh....oh no." 














 The answers to jeopardy questions.  




 Here's the film in color http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xqlsgo_three-stooges-044-you-natzy-spy-colour_fun 














 A study shows that 85%  of studies of studies is wasted money.  














 Proof? 




 "Well the abortion didn't work as well as this"  




 Probably the most awkward sex in the world.  




 Washing machine 




 Brady deflated some football's and the NFL deflated some fans.  




 We all get paid generally the same, I just know how to save my money.  




 Everyone borrows money from me 




 As long as they don't know how to hack Xbox live.  




 Instead of Johnny Apple Seed he's Johnny Weed Seed 




 Joining the army, I feel like it's been a complete waste of my time.  









 But do they have Pepsi 




 He should have went with Xbox.  




 This is why most of the budget goes to the military.  




 "When I'm in a crowd I urinate" 









 Montana. The feel of the west, the beauty and the history.  




 Watch anchor man 




 She related soup cans, kitchen, and being oppressed into a feminist rage.  




 "I can't seem to find the T.V.remote.....to the machine" 




 They probably thought it was a joke until it was too late.  




 Someone voted for him.  




 Haggis 









 We're finally going to get some accurate weather reports.  




   I'll hopefully never cross your hometown. If that's how people are going to be with murder, imagine lesser crimes.  




 Nobody tried stopping this? 




 This guys flying through gaps in a bridge, I'm over here running into light poles.  














 Count me in, gravity has kept me down all my life.  




 Joe Biden whispers to Hillary Clinton, "I could be your Monica" 









 Chewing tobacco 




 "I'm pretty limber, I can bite off all my toenails" 









 There's always rumors, why does bethesda always have to tease.  




 They're still hearing the dial up internet sound http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gsNaR6FRuO0 














 George Carter Stent describes the process as follows

The prisoner is generally tied to a gun with the upper part of the small of his back resting against the muzzle. When the gun is fired, his head is seen to go straight up into the air some forty or fifty feet; the arms fly off right and left, high up in the air, and fall at, perhaps, a hundred yards distance; the legs drop to the ground beneath the muzzle of the gun; and the body is literally blown away altogether, not a vestige being seen.

Source: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blowing_from_a_gun 




 "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust"  in the back: "MUAHAHHAHAH"   




 Canyonero http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZeFDe44Ddo 









 The game must go on.  




 I'm glad they lifted the embargo. Some day I wish to visit Cuba and check out the vintage cars.  




 Germany decided to follow this rule of war but not others. Interesting choices.  









 Never makes mainstream media though, or hardly any US intervention.  




 I know milk helps you grow, but maybe he should have been cut off.  




 The cartel just kidnapped 9 police officers. They've been having this "war" for awhile and the government doesn't seem to be winning.  




 Another source. http://www.newschannel10.com/story/28976528/9-police-officers-kidnapped-in-northern-mexico-1-dead 









 The capital wasteland.  









 It is for Texas.  




 A religion of pedophiles.....I mean peace.  




 A prequel and sequel to Gossip Girl 









 Because baseball is America's past time.  




 Charlie don't surf 














 I'm more interested in the exploding watermelons.  









 I'd go Japan again that place was amazing. I love the culture, the people, the cleanliness of the country. It's just an overall a great place.  




 I like to find the good/bad between both parties being an independent voter, but the GOP just keeps pissing me off.  They don't seem to care about anything except themselves. It's sad both parties used to come with something strong, the GOP just fell off the charts though.  




 At least he had fun.  




 The Pentagon is constantly causing taxpayers money.  



















 Everyone forgot that a chair fell on him too. The only time he said "that hurt".  














 Oh wow even more military spending. Always big surprises from the GOP.  




 Bring out your dead.  




 Couldn't afford name brand, worst cult ever.  




 That's the way it should be, already leading by example.  









 X 




 They can increase DoDs budget but have to cut NASAs. America needs to get its priorities straight.  




 Try the door test on both. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qyj2VNVB8qk 




 That's a pretty old joke.  




 Avengers age of Baltron 









 The Kurdish need their own country.  They'd do a better job at running it than the rest of the middle eastern countries.  




 Just retracted my upvote.  









 House of Cards theme song.  




 Narco Cultura  




 Should this be one of those "relationship goals"   




 Ha Got'em 









 Because ghosts don't want a indecent exposure ticket.  




 Like a paintings eyes following you.  




 Tool-Prison Sex 









 Dreams do come true 




 You're stupid or something.  




 What are you guys going to do when the national guard comes? 




 Can you loot me something, I'm lazy? 




 If this is the modern day gang, then America shouldn't worry about gang violence anymore.  




 Philadelphia....damn it.  














 The fight.... http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kEVdywAtk50   




 That's how the fires started in Baltimore.  




 Got a video link? 




 Just a few petty scuffles from the peasants declares CNN.  




 I want to own mars.  




 Super Troopers 




 People don't understand now days about being apart of their work.  









 Purge the heretic bird.  




 An MRE spoon 




 Probably the most "gangster" encounter he's ever had.  
























 No spongebob I said assertive not insertive  




 Isn't a Russian mail order bride the same thing with a fancier name? 




 In China men outnumber woman so men do everything they can to impress a woman. The exception to that rule....Jackie Chan.  




 It does what it's told.  




 Finger licking good 
























 Because people will twist anything into something bad for another political opponent. Now they won't have to look so hard to find one.  














 They cancelled fallout online because they knew people would never leave their house again.  




 Because we have video tapes to return 









 Way to get a DUI at the worst possible time.  














 We can get funding for more tanks the army doesn't need we just need to cut out some school days.  




 It's too late now.  




 To make the world a better place.  




 Enrique Pea Nieto, Mexico's president.  




 I'm going to blend some steak now.  




 You sound like a bandwagoner 




 Completely agree, I haven't shoved anyone into a locker in ages.  
























 Neanderthals or dumb animal 




 Better than the army jackass.  









 They even put ice in the cooler.  









 This isn't what I signed up for.  



















 Looks like communism is losing again.  




 I'd still use them.  




