




























































































































 I want to take your class. That sounds like an awesome unit! 
























 Are you sure you aren't applying cosmetics to an object if you make-up something? 




 Imagine the conspiracies if it were to be adopted.  




 Airships can only be so high because they are lighter than air, I assume the weight of a rocket and all its fuel would make keeping them afloat impossible.  





























 This is the kind of awesome, leftfield stuff that makes futurology great. 

It might be a long way from being practical, but it's very cool to imagine this stuff might one day be normal.  




 Not a spammer - I post a wide mix of sites! This user has had it in for me since I started reporting their (and their other account's) spammy submissions to futurology.  


















































































































 Agreed. I find his nice persona somewhat disturbing.  




 Ah yes, you are correct - I've just found the [original on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/21263599/iPad-Glass). Looks like the garbled text accompanying this is just some nonsensical waffle to justify posting it as an article.  




 I want to get a pair of these so much! 

If they become a commercial product, you just know they'll become a common sight at cosplay events.  




 Correct - pretty handy for camping in cold weather 




 That's an interesting point - I wonder if this will have an impact on the concept of original art being of higher value - I guess the same goes for digital art.   









 I agree, I don't really get why people keep upvoting them 




 The text in this reads a lot like it was translated from another language. 

Does anyone have another link to this concept? It would be interesting to read a bit more about it.  


































 This sounds like something a crazy cartoon villain would do. If it weren't so awful and terrifying it would be utterly hilarious 



















 That sounds like a potentially brilliant idea for food aid, thanks for sharing it :) 









 No, this is a different article - note the way the text is different. 

You and your many accounts need to stop downvoting and negatively commenting on things I post - your attempt at revenge is weird and petty. 



















 That is really disappointing! 




 This is a repost of a [Daily Mail article](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2839558/Could-POO-soon-power-smartphones-Bacteria-faeces-improve-bio-batteries.html) - bit of a trend at the moment 









 Erm, isn't the link you've posted just a preview to their magazine?  




 Do you include redditors that post articles that have sensationalised headlines? Or just ones that sensationalise them themselves? 




 As with the article yesterday, this is a repost of a [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2840627/A-house-seasons-Shape-shifting-home-transforms-year-response-changing-temperatures.html) article 



















 I thought they looked familiar when I posted this and I couldn't think why! They certainly do :) 









 this is a repost of an article from the [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2839124/The-bottle-makes-water-appear-AIR-Gadget-uses-solar-energy-collect-moisture-flask-ride-bike.html) 
























 Did you get to demo any of their stuff? How was it? 




 Does Alexander Gerst ever stop smiling? He must be the world's cheeriest astronaut! 




 No I wouldn't - responding to an article you haven't read, particularly with such vitriol, just seems foolish. 

The answer you linked to didn't answer my question.  




 Have you read it or not? It doesn't seem  like you have.  




 That sounds like a hilarious article - I wish that was what it was about! 




 Only very briefly at the start of the intro and the first section, and the fact that you have focused so heavily on this makes it seem a lot like you haven't read the vast majority of this article. 




 Yeah, this is one of those technologies where it feels as if people are only exploring it because its part of a romantic view of the future, not because it's actually a useful, problem solving technology 




 Everything you've said about the article suggests you think it takes a different angle and chain of discussion to the one it does, which leads me to assume you haven't actually read it.  




 Have you read the article? 
























 Who buys print media anymore? 







































 I want to live in a future where those exist! 


































 I like the idea of us actually taking action on something - im sure between us we do have the skills to achieve some v cool things 




 There's a huge number of other reasons for GM crops other than to be resistant to pesticides etc. These include making the stems shorter to reduce growing cycles and adding key vitamins to aid nutrition. 
 









 What don't you like about it? 



















