 if he was trying to be efficient, they wouldnt be here 




 lol no. they have no advantages anywhere.  




 bruh is there a reason for the insanely long series of numbers as your username? 




 Nah nigga gtf outta there! Thor boutta whoop up on Loki or some shit! 




 NOOOOOO. DONT RISK IT. GONNA NEED HIM AS HEALTHY AS POSSIBLE.  DELLY IS DEFENDING HIS ASS OFF AND I LOVE IT. DONT PLAY KY 




 you just proved my point. so, thanks man 




 Yeah! Crazy! 




 that's incorrect. the doctor he visited that morning specifically said it was food poisoning. do some homework 




 as long as theres no weird singing alien creatures 




 Original Star Wars trilogy. Because why not 




 Also in True Detective, the scene where it's like 8 minutes straight of one continuous shot as Rust is leaving that drug house while avoiding all the cops. Heart was beating so fast. Chills for sure 




 Surprised no one said the time between Episode III and IV, following Obi Wan on Tattoine.  




 Jack Nicholson's "either way, i dont give a damn what you think youre entitled to" whole quote from A Few Good Men.  




 The Dark Knight Rises. Yeah, I went there.  




 Every damn scene in I Am Sam with Sean Penn. Balled that entire movie. Fuck that movie, but ill be damned if it isn't fantastic.  




 Batman died at the end of TDKR and you will never convince me otherwise.  




 Hulk from 2003! I thought it was awesome! Came out when I was 8, so the nostalgia factor is probably there, but the comic book filming style was awesome!  




 The very first Interstellar trailer was perfect. Didn't disclose anything about the film but I knew right then and there that I would be seeing it opening night. Need more like that 




 I, Robot. 
We're all fucking dead.  




 They all collectively recognized that giving it to him was saying goodbye to him. They all loved him and didn't want to give up on him, so they hesitated.  




 Way late but Matthew McConaughey. Interstellar and True Detective were incredible. Loved Mud too 




 Grit makes them feel real, like they could actually exist in our world. That's what I want in superhero movies. I want them to transcend their unrealistic nature and feel truly real. Grit and darkness and mistakes (Superman killing Zod, Batman getting tricked by Joker and saving Dent instead of Rachel) and learning from them are what make superhero movies of this generation so awesome.  




 small known fact? nah 




 Experiencing that Interstellar scene in IMAX was insane.   




 Saw White Noise when I was like 9. So, yeah. Fucked me up pretty good 




 Also, Indiana Jones Trilogy. A Few Good Men as well 




 I don't know if most could tell it was CGI, but Cast Away came out when I was young so everything looked real to me. However, when he is up on the mountain looking out over the ocean, he was actually on a set piece on the top of a building looking over a parking lot. Pretty impressive and I had no idea until years later 




 When Nature Calls, not Adventure Calls  




 and I loved it. thought it was freakin hilarious  




 It sucks because I thought it was very entertaining up until that bullshit. Like, the fuck? A thumb drive? Just pop out as a floppy disk and send everybody for a real loop 




 BATMAN IS ALWAYS PREPARED. DONT DOUBT HIM OP 




 A Few Good Men. Not a remake, but a military/political law room drama with top actors.  




 original and remake and are two different things, bud 




 Why was that track a shorter version than what he put out already? Like the beat change in the original

Edit: After listening to Excuse Me, I know understand. Comment retracted.  




 I see exactly what you're saying, but I don't think the term "Greatest" is what we should use to describe the guy who transcended the game culturally. I think the Greatest Player should only account for on court play. I think MJ undeniably has had the biggest impact on the game because of all the things you said, but the greatest player should only deal with what happens on the court. Completely agree Jordans impact was bigger though 




 The rings argument is so flawed in a team game. It takes an entire organization to win a championship, not one player. That is what I think Lebrons greatest ability is, to completely flip a franchise around. No other player in history, simply by their individual presence, could turn a team into a Finals threat. If you put Lebron on the Knicks or Magic, they're a threat immediately. No one else can do that 




 Also, I'm tired of uninformed sports fans continuing to say MJ had the Flu. He did not. He had food poisoning. Which is just as awful to deal with during a basketball game, but nonetheless, let's be historically accurate and call it what it actually is  




 "cant close" clutch 3 in the corner
"cant close" drives by your whole team for the finish
"pussy" puts you on a poster for the rest of your life. 
 




 But for real it was probably just a cold towel 




 I got you bruh
http://i.imgur.com/qh56qoH.jpg 




 After reading all these comments, I've come to the conclusion that no one will ever fully respect Lebron for the incredible things he's done in this league. The man can never do anything right. Get over your irrational hate for the guy. Dude needed a breather, hit the deck and got it. If you've never done that after a hard fought game then you've never busted your ass to complete exhaustion before. Get outta here 




 I LOVE MYSELF
*Kendrick voice* 




 Gotta start Moz here since TT has 5 fouls. Put TT back in with 2-2:30 left. Cant risk losing him for crunch time defense 




 these refs man..... my lawd 




 why switch TT onto teague right there?! put delly on him and dont switcv 




 im perplexed by the score of this game. no way it should be this close 




 Line em up in a row. Fire through the temple. Extra bullet just in case 




 Yeah, Horford literally had his arm locked and pulled him down into himself.  




 Whole first half was a giant klusterfuck. Just hoping for a cleaner second half 




 Anybody know why we hardly ever wear the home whites? Always Yellow or Navy, home or away. I like the whites 




 I just wanted to hear so ScHoolboy Q "UUGGHHH" ad libs throughout that haha. They need to link up for a track 




 Pre-game prep song all year last year. Got me so hyped 




 Kitties staring at titties? say no more
 




 DONT YOU DARE PLACE A CURSE ON THIS TEAM. LEAVE THE PREMISES, YOU BASTARD  




 Guys, I dont wanna jump the gun too much or anything, but Kyrie has until June 2nd to rest and heal.....:D :D :D 




 bc tt went full retard 




 Lebrons vision is absolutely insane 




 I retract my previous comment. 
She 100% would kill you 




 except she's annoying and could kill you 




 this one will always win 




 This is from 2011. So, catch up bud 




 Cross-generational comparisons are worthless. But Lebron has Jordan in a specific stat line. So he was better at doing that one thing that Jordan was. That's all I'm saying.  




 I say you give the bottom 5 records the same percentage chance to win that too pick. Say, 11%. Then give the other 9 less, split into 3's. For example, 6 through 8 would have an 8% chance, 9 to 11 has 5%, and 12-14 have 2%. You can change that into whatever increments you want but that's just the first i thought of that equalled 100. Anyway, you have more even chances across the board, it doesn't eliminate tanking all together, but it doesn't incentivize being the worse team in the league either. I also think you draw for every drafting position, not just top 3. I dont know how logical this is, but I think it helps reduce the need to tank for some teams.  




 Cant argue with a guy who refuses to recognize when a great player achieves something great. MJ homers will always be MJ homers. No convincing them otherwise.  




 that's a testament to how great Lebron is. not to be used as s crutch for Jordan or an asterisk on Lebrons advantages statistically.   




 He started out of high school but that doesnt effect years and seasons played..? I'm just not seeing the point you're trying to make here.  




 just standing there, holding her tongue tryna talk this thitthhhss? 




 I KNOW LEBRON IS DOING DUMB THINGS RIGHT NOW, BUT THAT WAS A FOUL. THESE REFS JUST HATE HIM 




 HE CANT. FUCKING. CATCH. GET SOME FUCKIN HANDS. I LOVE HIM, BUT SHIT 




 the bench 




 ceremonial FUCK TEAGUE is in order 




 Kyrie git hammered in the lane on two consecutive drives. no call. TT got mauled getting offensive boards on multiple occasions. no call. my statement is justified.  




 V 




 We're gettin screwed by the refs and it's blatant and it's tied. JR SWISH IS THE MUHFUCKIN MAN HE DONT NEED NO HELP *Drake voice 




 Dont count on that 




 I cant believe these refs.  




 Gotta stop going under the screen on him. too many open looks 




 NO THATS NOT A FOUL. THATS A DAMN SEAL 




 Kyrie needs to settle down. Trying to do a little too much 




 My thoughts exactly. I could totally see a remix later on with him on the track 




 A Roman Empire era Jedi 




 "Back once again, chillin in the back of the lac with a pass or the gin..." gets me so hyped every damn time 




 Honestly just want the Lakers to lose their pick. That's all I care about tonight 




 Same for me with The Prestige! Loved it when I saw it but went in knowing absolutely nothing about it.  




 Sanctum. Great movie 




 That Logic track was on point too 




 everybody put ur hands up high 




 agreed 




 Really wanted a Drake verse tho 




 IBeenStackinUpLikeImFundRaisin 




 What about adding teams in Seattle and Pittsburg? Send the Pitt team East and Seattle West? Obviously makes sense for Seattle but I think it makes a lot of sense for Pittsburg too. Historic sports town, only sport absent being basketball outside of the collegiate level. I don't know. Just a thought 




 Can't look at season number because half the year we didn't even have our team assembled. You have to look at how these teams have played recently.  




 the Kyrie, Shump, Lebron, TT, Moz lineup has the best defensive rating in the playoffs so far. And the cavs as a whole have the best offense in the playoffs so far. i feel like that's all i need to say 




 the bulls would beat the Hawks in this series right now. so two games to them, one to the Hawks, makes sense.  




 There isn't a single defender on the Wizards that is as good as Lebron, JR, and Shump. Hell, even Delly can defend full-court just to put pressure on the ball. So I don't see back door cuts and off ball screens being an issue simply because we have better overall defenders on our squad. Kyrie will have issues though and I fully acknowledge that. I guess I'm just assuming Delly gets more minutes than usual this series? I don't know. That's a big question mark. But as far as TT, Moz, and JJ go on defending Horford and Paul, I just don't see many issues coming up that can't be effectively game-planned for. TT can guard either of them on the post or outside. JJ can take Paul if he is playing more outside with another big in the middle and Moz can definitely hold his own against Horford. Call me optimistic, but I just don't see anything that the Hawks do and think that we don't have a counter for it.  




 Wasn't trivializing. That's just how you talk about basketball. You state what the opposing team does offensively, you tell why you think your team can either, guard against it well and why or, why they cannot. So get outta here with your douchebag approach to responding to my opinion of how the series will go. You can respond with your opinion without being an ass. But bruh, pin downs are easy to guard. Off ball screens are easy to guard when you have smart and quick athletes like JR and Shump on the wings. And, like I said, TT and Moz can handle the post actions because they are both great defenders. And I dont give a shit how much film Carrol watches the next few days, he isn't going to magically get bigger and stronger and quicker and D up Lebron effectively. And if you think the Hawks can beat a Lebron James led basketball team 3 out of 6 times to force a game 7, you're delusional.  




 He can't handle Lebron in the post. Not worried 




 Thank you, Captain Obvious 




 all black is a nice choice boss. best shoes out right now imo 




 hahaha stop. 









just, stop.  




 I disagree with the "offense that won't let up" idea simply because their offense is so unbelievably easy to guard. It's a ton of off-ball screens and pin-downs, back door cuts, and high-low action with the posts. TT and Moz can handle all of the post actions and they've proven that. JR and Shump are more than capable at staying with Korver and Schroeder/Carrol/ whatever other wings they play. Kyrie and Delly can more than handle Teague and Schroeder PG wise and Lebron can guard whoever the hell he wants and lock em down. Defensively, I'm not worried. I just don't want Lebron to keep hoisting jumpers up all series if they aren't falling. However, there isn't a Jimmy Butler caliber defender on that team so I don't know how many jumpers he is going to want to take anyway. Cavs in 5 is my prediction. Remember, the Hawks almost lost to the Nets in a playoff series. hahahhahaha 




 Felt like every game was an anomaly. Lebron was out or the hawks shot lights out or we shot lights out... dont really know what to expect. but i expect a win 




