 Um no sir that is a rabbit. Sir... 




 Its for defrosting the restless souls of the damned probably. Might as well just harvest them fresh though so they don't have that weird freezer taste. 




 Nah dude it was probably just Jimmy Fallon doing an impression of Bigfoot impersonating a bear. Classic Jimmy. 




 Slartibartfast has outdone himself this time. 




 Wait so dragons' veins aren't actually that color? 




 Tulips are too cold. 




 Oh yeah well my dog is an honors student.  Even brag about it on my bumper sticker 




 As if it didn't look awesome enough in photos. I was next to one yesterday in white and it is absolutely stunning in real life. 




 Its pronounced "MOOLtipass" 




 My old boxer used to creep into the room, grab a sock and sprint off into the sunset with it. One time she was running round with 2 dollars in her mouth and nobody knew where shed taken it from. 




 Feeding bells will ring

Dingalingaling dingalingaling

And we'll give him some krill-ahh 




 I've been to reefs in 5 different countries and spent a week in a compound in Belize surveying one. And if I wasn't going into medicine I might have done marine biology. As for captive raising, eels are sedentary and the only reason they will even leave their burrow is to hunt so if the eel is placed in a tank with sufficient burrowing space and fed properly then it is irrelevant whether the burrow is in a tank or in the ocean or on the moon because it will not leave. I'm going to quit arguing here though because I know you're just going to keep nitpicking. 




 Please don't tell my dad. I don't want to get the belt again 




 I can't tell if you're trolling but he was captive bred and moved to a 500 gallon tank when he got too big. Keeping a saltwater aquarium isn't like keeping a hamster. It costs easily thousands and is an enormous time commitment and the people who are dedicated enough to get into it have actually contributed hugely to our understanding and awareness of coral reefs so maybe next time do your research before spouting bullshit about "horrible industry" and accusing people of not knowing what they are doing when you're the one who clearly has no idea what you're talking about. 




 Saw him at the pet store and told the guy "I need this" 




 I had a moray eel that I had to give up because he was way too big. He seemed thrilled with his new home which was 25 times bigger. I always wonder how he's doing since those guys live for like 40 years 




 It looks like one of those cheap airbrushings you get at like sea world. So cool on an actual animal though 




 I always wish I didn't have a warranty do that I could do stuff to it without feeling bad but then I remember I'm broke. 




 I've never seen a street car that could make army green look good until I saw a c7 do it. Its like blake lively. You could throw a clown suit on it and it'd still make my heart flutter. 




 They are messy as hell and lose their minds if the tank is too small. I'd have 1 in there tops 




 When you think a 2015 stingray is ugly your opinion is wrong. 




 You should read "Footsteps" by /u/1000Vultures 




 I believe I've found my calling 




 I'm glad to hear that. I personally groaned at my own joke ;) 




 You ain't no snowflake, pal. 




 I love the guys laugh at the end too. AHH HAH. OH HAH. HUH. UHHUH. HAH. WOHHHAH. WOO! 




 you sound le rad 




 Easier and more environmentally friendly to just harvest my beer and Mexican food shits and use that instead 




 Do you mean Jon snuhh? 




 You betta put a lid in there so it doesn't happen again

 (    ) 




 ^ literally this 




 you literally just read my mind. 




 Squirrel cat? 




 DAE le girlfriend? 




 More specifically, an amphipod eating all the crap in your tank is good because it prevents bacteria from getting at it and turning it into ammonia. Anything that slows down the decay process is good. 




 The water looks very cloudy. Either your filter is too high above the tank and its producing too many microbubbles or your phosphates or nitrates are off. The odds of a hitchhiker killing fish are almost 0 unless you get very unlucky and have tiny fish. 




 You're uh... You're beautiful... 




 Can you see Texas from your high horse? 




 I think the term you're looking for is "trashy" 




 I've tried this. The police tend not to believe it. 




 By my mother's mandible, I WILL WALK IT OFF 




 I'm just tall enough that if I crank my seat as high as it goes I can lean my arm out. I agree though its a poor trend. 




 I tried to wet fold a rabbit. That shit was hard man if you use too little water it crinkles and of you use took much it just kind of melts 




 Quality control? If you outsource something as important as the motor and your manufacture starts cutting corners, especially with cutting edge tech like this, you're going to fuck yourself over. If one car catches fire you will never hear the end of it. 




 Even YOU could be a buttplug! 




 I can physically hear that music in my head 




 *sighhh*. I GUESS I'll settle for a diablo. 




 So cool! I love how blobby they are. 




 Tutu 




 I don't like this new squinty look. Its OK for the dart but on a muscle car *cough* charger *cough* I really do not like it at all :( 




 Its a superveloce AND its Illini colors? This boner is going straight to the moon. 




 Make that 98,61*6* 




 If these literally grow on the ground then why am I still using a 6 year old athlon 2 in my pc 




 Nah man she's just wearing a really small softball mitt 




 As someone who has spent 24 years and counting in order to become a proper physician, this shit makes me physically ill. 




 I dunno man. Judging by its thick fur and adorable floppy ears I'd say this kind of rabbit runs wild in the fields of my heart. 




 Well maybe you should be more on top of things. God. 




 What medium? Digital? Acrylic? 




 Then how did we get the video huh? How? HOW? 




 Lickitung sushi game was the best 




 I GET THIS JOKE. 




 Self contained, infinitely powered  platforms capable of stable hover even with the added weight of a person or anthropomorphized man-sized animal? Let's build a bunch of them and have them pointlessly go up and down in the middle of nowhere.

On your marks, get set, science. 




 Dad what's a fuckass? 




 What? No. Vance joy doesn't suck and neither do the Virgins 




 IS THIS FROM HOTROD?? I like you 




 Did he commission you for it? 




 I think I'm gonna go have a shower beer right now. And by beer I mean whiskey. 




 REPOOOO- oh he credited the artist. We need more people like you. 




 Looks a bit like one in the thumbnail but there's no mistaking those feline headlights 




 I tried and couldn't do it. They added all this annoying shit in HotS that makes it way too hard if you're as terrible as I am at micro :p 




 I mean it IS a genetic mutation but there's no evidence to support it being inhumane. I'm curious why they call them lionheads actually 




 Definitely Oscar 




 Student doctor here. Rainbow poops? Diagnosis: unicorn. 




 Fuck all of you. I like the panamera 




 Something looks off about it. Like its a kit 




 Two clutches in 4.5 years? You must have been driving it right! 




 Is that a fat patty or a tiny hamburger 




 Diagnosis: highschooler 




 I like how they throw "army veteran" in there to pander for your sympathy right from the start. Bad form. 




 He probably just chilled all night and some diatoms or something grew there and then when the lights came on he moved and they came off 




 Meme hard or meme home I always say 




 Semirelated but that insufferable douchebag in the YouTube ads telling me that he has a Lamborghini but he prefers his books... Every time they made me sit through that I'd just close the window and not even watch the video. 




 That accent too 




 Making a good old fashioned stick even harder to find :( 




 Not true Im 6 foot 185 and I eat fast food almost every day. In the past 2 days I went to McDonald's and Panera twice and chic Fil a once. It's the 2 hour gym sessions that do it. 




 A narruh hyurethra? 




 So can tuggin at the ol' weiner 




 Or the blackness of the void mine left behind (_) 




 Its understandable. He needed the extra money to build his hideous superyacht. 




 Even if it worked wouldn't you just end up with reverse coffee? Why not just make tea 




 Gr8 alliter8ion m8 I r8 it 8/8 




 Someone explain to me how this is possible. They are so shiny and perfect. 




 Ask them questions about filter feeding. A skate punching wouldn't know how to answer. 




 Oh yeah well... the jerk store called. They ran out of YOU. 




 This is like a lame pun thread in post form 




 A clam cupping a human boob is like a human cupping a clam boob. Do you want to cup a clam boob for the rest of your life? Well? DO YOU? 




 Thanks man. Good luck in undergrad. Don't get anyone pregnant 




 So what you're saying is we need to invent rechargeable cheez its and power our drones with those. 




 Worse, med school. I'm like you but even poorer and more sleep deprived. 




 I can be powered for an entire day on nothing but cheez its. You'd think a tiny drone could last more than 20 min 




 So true. A guy once posted 2 clowns in a pico on here and was found murdered the next day. True story. 




 I like when people with names like BootyFista say intelligent things. 




 I want an awd 70s trans am with liften suspension and off road tires personally. Smoke grey with white racing stripes and red leather interior 




 DAE internet? 




 Ahhhhh I just figured out why all of my pictures come out pitch black. You are a godsend. 




 I thought it was a theater art piece 




 Red marble was still a little hungover from the night before. Poor form. He deserved the loss. 




 I thought this was already the dubstep version 




 I honestly have no idea :p congrats though! 




 Motherload. Go buy some lotto tickets 




 I want 3D doritos back. 




 I have to disagree. I've owned a boxer and a boston who both "smile" when they're anxious as well as when they're happy. Really any sense of heightened emotion results in their lips pulling back. 




