 I actually think that the Yugoslavian genociedes of the 90's show that a semi-industrialized country can be the site of a large genocide. That was a second world country, but still more developed than a place like Sudan. 



















 2002 called, they want their Lancer back. 




 http://imgur.com/VHz5wOj 

Seen a lot looking like this in NYC. They look tacky and sad, but I wouldn't be surprised if stance kids and hipsters start thinking this looks good in a few years. With the cost of running an old S class, I wonder how there can be so many like this. I still see some nice looking ones driven by older people in wealthier areas though. 














 Reminds me of GTA for some reason, particularly the older Vice City and San Andreas games. 




 I used to think the Jaguar S-Type and X-Type were really classy looking, but when I saw an S-type today, it just seemed kind of tacky compared to the new Jags. 














 Life size hot wheels car. 









 Hipster? 









 Looks like a guy. 














 Why Phoenix? 




 I would see it being banned first in Western municipalities, with entire states, provinces, and countries following suit years later. It would have to probably be done at a point where the Tobacco industry has shrunken from its current size due to public opinion and the declining population of older generations that were more likely to smoke. 




 Yeah, this guy wrote this like drunk driving and killing people is a normal thing to do. 




 Looks like Macaulay Culkin 




 Looks like something out of GTA. 



















 Wet dreams 









 I'm wondering if OP is trying to make a racist joke, all this Somalia crap makes no sense. 




 For some reason, I only paid attention to the subcompact part of the question. 




 I would choose the S3 over it, but I still felt like saying the CT because even if it is a rebadged Prius, its very sporty for what it is. 




 Audi S3, ~~Lexus CT~~ 




 BS moral outrage from people like Fox News, soccer moms, and Jack Thompson who will claim that this game is promoting violence in schools 




 God 




 I would like to know if she killed him or just wanted to treat a child who died naturally as if it was still alive because she was in denial of his death/couldn't handle the fact that he died. 




 This looks tame compared to GTA. 

Edit: I looked this game up some more and am surprised that the school setting hasn't caused more attention. 




 She turned 18 in 2009 IIRC, so before then they would most likely be fake. 









 Then it was just a parade of square headlights and boxy, gigantic frames. 

Which is why I wonder why so many people like W123s and W126s so much. That's the basic description of those old Benzes, yet there seem to be far more people who still desire or feel nostalgic for those cars. I actually like these MBs and the type of U.S. cars that are seen in these ads. The difference must be the availability of diesel, manual, and better build quality. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poser_Mobile 




 Nothing in that ad seems to fit together right. 





























 How did the other car look? 




 Wheels look like burnt orange to me, unless I zoom in. Should have written "Orange and Purple X6" because the pinstriping and door handles are far more orange than the wheels. 









 If self-driving cars become a popular mode of transportation, will some places just have to stick only to manually driven ones? I thought of this when I was thinking about my vacation to the Bahamas last year. This is a place where the roads are terrible, the rust is extreme, and there probably wouldn't be any easy way to fix one. The roads aren't well maintained and generally don't have any markings on them, the salty island air and heat makes cars rust and malfunction very quickly, and there aren't many people outside of Nassau, the largest city, who can fix cars or electronics. Because of this, the only European luxury cars you see are older models that have been junked, and the SDCs must be even more complex. I could just see a self driving car down there being a travesty that only a rich masochist would try. In less than a year, it will rust, then the electronics and mechanicals will be shot, the road conditions will ruin the undercarriage, and when it breaks you'll have to have it shipped for service unless you live on the main island.

Edit: Most of the people are also relatively poor, but these would still be issues if they made more money or these cars became cheaper. 









 "Poor guy" is the right term if you feel sorry for other people who fuck up because of their own stupidity. That said, I don't tolerate drunk driving and believe that penalties for it are not stiff enough in this country. Hopefully he's learned his lesson. 




 If that's your reaction, this is the wrong subreddit for you. 














 http://i.imgur.com/IXJrmhl.jpg - not my pic. 




 Hipster? 









 Bert did it. 




 I was expecting to see his super powers. 




 February 31 









 Lesbians, why don't you just think of men as hairy, flat chested women with big clits. 




 The last time anything bad happened there was in 1995. 




 69 seconds in a minute, 69 minutes in an hour, 69 hours in a day, 69 days in a week, 69 weeks in a year, and 666 days in a year. 




 February 31 




 You're probably white. 




 We saw Lady Gaga nude in 2009, so that's been debunked. 




 We saw Lady Gaga nude in 2009, so that's been debunked. 









 Whoever made the FB post. I read this reply as being in at least partial agreement with the parent comment, though oddly worded. 




 It seems like limos don't usually last much past 15 years. 




 Makes more sense since he is using cheap chrome to cover up rust, which must be 10x worse up there. 




 he obviously meant armed citizens... in that context I don't really see the point of your post.

I interperted him as just stating what was already said in the post on top. So, I see whoever wrote the post to begin with as having the weird assumption, not him. 




 Would look straight out of mad max if the paint job was primer. 




 Looks like it's wrapped in painting tape. 




 Kiss meets drag queen meets bestiality. 




 Hempstead? 




 FNAF in real life. 




 My boss used to have one. I rode in his once and found it to be a comfortable, roomy, traditional feeling car. 




 Your right, but the fact that it wasn't released to the U.S. market until 2011, four years ago, threw me off. 




 Looking at how ratty that Acura from 2002 looks and seeing the $500 price makes me feel old. 




 Around here volunteer firefighters can put blue lights on their cars to use when responding to an emergency. 









 It's going to autonomously cut other cars off when the AI finds out its a BMW. 




 This is creepier than a half shaved sheep. 




 The V6 equipped Impala now gets 29 highway MPG and is lighter than an old Caprice. Even if this example has downsized from its older counterpart, 29 highway in a full size sedan with a V6 sounds extremely impressive. Also, don't forget about hybrids and electric cars. Efficiency has improved, but I see your point. 




 Probably fuel efficiency too. 




 Example: the Nissan Altima of today is almost the same size as the Maxima of the 90s, same with the Mercedes C-Class of today and the E-Class of the 90s. 




 http://imgur.com/a/mcJqL 




 These actually look nice, if you're 12.

Edit: I'm not 12, but when I was I fantasized about cars that now look similarly shitty to my older eyes. 




 Communism delays progress. 




 Looks like something out of Fallout 3. 




 Looks like Jeff the Killer. 




 I always imagined the basement in my elementary school looking something like this. 




 Only looked creepy in the thumbnail. 




 I think he's in the middle wearing blue. This photo is from when he was a kid. 




 It is left hand drive. 














 At one point it had over 60 upvotes. 




 and 13 year olds. 









 Faces of meth 




 Reminds me of this: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1334726/Conrad-Zdzierak-white-man-pleads-guilty-wearing-black-man-disguise-robberies.html 









 Virtual reality 




 I remember listening to it while driving to San Fierro for the first time with The Truth. 




 The graphics, AI, size of environment, activities, number of weapons, number of vehicles, and character customization in GTA has come a long way. What could we potentially see in GTA 6, 7, 8, and so on? 




 Years ago, my mom told me that she had a cousin who had mental problems and that he might be visiting soon, but he never did and I haven't yet seen him at any family gatherings. She basically described him as a man in his 40s who still wears diapers, eats paper, and is incapable of living on his own. A few times more recently, I used this description and asked her about him. She didn't know what I was talking about. 









 Salvage title usually means rebuilt after major accident, not abandoned project car. 




 What happens when someone who can't maintain a nice car gets one. 




 The background looks like Puerto Rico. 









 I've seen these types of mods on Civics, Accords, Integras, and Preludes for years, but I haven't noticed the CR-Vs until recently. 




 Saw my first one about six months ago, now they seem to be becoming more common slowly. Most are first and second gen. Seems like a surprising choice for the stance, rice, or tuner crowd. Usually they have BBS or Watanabe style wheels and other add ons such as roof racks and side visors. Why have they suddenly seen this increase in popularity? Hipsters who want to give a new image to a soccer mom CUV? Ricers who can't find any more Civics and Integras that haven't been salvaged, stolen, and beat? 




 Looks like what Barney the Dinasour would drive. 




 Grill looks like it came from a Volga 31105: http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/8136/2799/1600/IMGP0354.jpg 









 Here's  video of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c72CNTeoYRY 




 Sounds like someone with serious problems. 




 That looked like an E38 in the thumbnail. 




 I do think that our society does not update what we view as being outdated as frequently as we did before the 90s. 









 Yesterday I was in the computer lab. Across from me was someone who was humming very oddly. I looked at them and could only see from the side. It looked like a long haired young man with a light beard, wearing a striped shirt. Later I saw him/her get up and instead saw the face of a girl and no beard (obviously) when their face was in full view. 









 Does it smell like cats? 




 That said I don't see manually driven cars being banned in our lifetime. Seeing as its still legal to ride a bike or horse on the street.

I agree when you also consider that it is still legal to drive older cars that aren't equipped with seatbelts, airbags, or ABS. 




 Why would I do that? 




 Do you love it so much you would let 30,000 people die every year so that you can keep doing it? 

Yes.

One day we may well think letting people control cars was crazy.

I don't see manually driven cars being banned in are lifetimes if SDCs begin to become common.
 




 I'd like to clarify that by "time travel" I don't mean actual traveling through time, but instead I mean virtual worlds of this type that are meant to simulate a time in the past. 









 A woman clipping her toenails on the subway. 




 Sleep 














 I read this as "Buddy Guy his G55 today." 









 No, but I do believe that traffic fatalities act as a check to keep the population from getting too big. We need things in this world that result in deaths to control the population, since we can't exactly go around hunting and forcibly sterilizing each other.

Edit:
What kind of abhorrent logic are you espousing?

[Malthusianism](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malthusianism) 




 Sure, they may save lives, but is that necessarily a good thing? More lives saved by self driving cars means more people around to pollute and use resources. Think about this, if 1.2 million people die of traffic fatalities, that will eliminate an amount of co2 emissions equivalent to that of a city and save a large forest because they won't be alive anymore to use electricity, oil, or paper. They will also aid in making the world more crowded.

Edit: Downvotes because you disagree?

Edit: Imagine if my opinion goes mainstream. 




 Looks like what a GTA version of the Mercury logo would look like. 




 That was the first thing I thought of watching this. This looks like video game driving in real life. 




 Thanks a lot for calling me garbage because you don't like my opinion, that's really mature of you. What I'm trying to say is that I don't think it is necessarily a good thing that self driving cars would save lives. More lives saved by self driving cars means more people around to pollute and use resources. Think about this, if 1,000,000 people die of traffic fatalities, that will eliminate an amount of co2 emissions equivalent to that of a city and save a large forest because they won't be alive anymore to use electricity, oil, or paper.  




 Actually, it is. IMO. 




 I wonder how the Feds haven't found them yet? 









 I hope this hasn't come to America yet. Hate seeing this since I have always had a soft spot for large Japanese luxury sedans. 




 Around here the BMW loaners I see are mostly 3s and X1s. 




 A pervy burgular with a foot fetish. 




 Saving Ryan's Privates 




 Is that Iceland? 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dag_(subculture) 




 Big Footed Shemales 69 




 There's a difference between justifying a killing spree in the name of population control and being against things such as laws that require drivers to wear seatbelts or require motorcyclists to wear helmets because doing so increases the population and keeps dumb people in the gene pool. 









 Yes, but I was saying that there has been a loose connection between the two makes for years. I know that the Fusion, etc. have also adopted Aston Martin inspired styling, but didn't know that the design team for them included a former Aston Martin designer. 




 The Aston Martin V8 Volante was inspired by early Mustangs and Ford owned a large minority share of Aston Martin in the early 2000s, so there is an established connection between the Mustang and Aston Martins. 




 Earlier today I posted that the current 7 series reminds me of a 70's Oldsmobile and posted pictures of both cars http://imgur.com/a/SCRvS. Nobody seemed to agree with me that the BMW also reminded them of an Olds. I also think that the [Rolls Royce Silver Spirit](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/1982_Rolls-Royce_Silver_Spirit_front_right.jpg) looks quite similar to many large 1980's American sedans. 




 I guess I can see why you guys don't notice the resemblance, but both this BMW and the Olds have big, fat, split waterfall grilles and quite wide bodies. That's why these two cars remind me of each other. 




