 It honestly doesn't make me excited at all. There's so many angles I see in it that look all too familiar to other cars. More specifically, I see a mix of the P1 and La Ferrari in the rear, the quarters are from a Hyuaraurauara, the front end is from a Marcos, and the roof and windshield is from a Agera and the list just goes on. I'm not a Ford guy but I mean come on, it's just ridiculous. It just looks like another generic rendering to me of a supercar.
 




 Yeah, god forbid you go against the r/cars circle jerk. The OP asked a question, and I answered it with my opinion, yet it's still wrong. 




 Yeah that's basically it, the 360 and 430 are just... Wrong. They don't look proportional to me. I think the 355 is the last of the beautiful Ferraris. 




 I can't say I have  




 To be honest, I really don't know why I don't like it. I think it looks cool and everything, but there's just something about modern Ferraris that makes me feel bored. 




 Ferrari 458 




 That's what happened with my CSR pedals. All the pots got dirty, so the pedals wouldn't be recognized at all. From what I read, there's an auto-calibrate in the wheel, and if the pots are dirty the wheel won't see the pedals at all. The only way I could get it to work before I realized I had to clean them, was the repeatedly unplug and plug in the pedals. 




 That's true, I may just settle for CSRE 




 Dayum, TE37s? 




 I'm going to Japan this summer vacation. Is there anything around the Tokyo area where I can catch some drifting? I've always been fascinated by their drift scene and I really want to check it out. Also, if for say there was a gathering one night, how friendly are they towards spectators? I really don't want to be that guy that shows up uninvited.  




 I wish haha, that still may not be enough  




 I'm torn, I can either buy brake pads for my 944, or buy Clubsport pedals... 




 Looks awesome, I've always loved A-Bodies. I've always had the Oldsmobile bug ever since I can remember. My dad has had his 1971 Cutlass since high school.  




 Pics of the Oldsmobile? 




 Hi all. I really don't know much about rocketry except for they go fast and go boom. But being that you are all college undergrads and it seems like you've made some awesome progress. That being said, how close are your ties with other big companies such as NASA and SpaceX?
Edit: Hi Joe  




 His shocks are heavy, his wheels weak hood rotted. There's oil in his coolant already, blown gasket.
Snap back to crimpers, oh there goes busted solder joints.
Oh there goes my 8 gage wire, he's shorted. 
He's so fiery, he explodes.
He's so smokey but he won't burn out that easy.
Edit: Happy cake day! 




 Knees weak wires spaghetti 




 Hi neighbor! 




 I'm pretty new to autocross and racing in general, but if I'm off the line, is it bad to leave it in first for ~5 seconds if it's held at about 3,500 rpm? I feel like I'm putting strain on the motor, but I also feel if I shift into second it's just going to bog down. It's a 1986 944 if that helps. 




 I'd say Anywhere But Here, I really like the part where it says "So I dropped out of a mile race, a race with no finish line, no first or last place." But that's just my 2 cents  




 Politics and tipping intensifies  




 I thought about changing it, but nah 




 Cage my 944 




 There's plenty of places that will do ~100 stickers for around $30. If this becomes a thing I will gladly buy some  




 Dream car: Dauer 962
Attainable Dream car: Porsche 930 




 This is like the best news Everest, DRM is possibly my favorite mod ever for any game.  




 Try looking inside the force feedback settings of GT5, I normally keep it on 7 or 8 for my GT3 




 It's really a shame because they are really nice looking cars  




 That's possibly the cleanest 924 ever 




 Is this the same Puch that makes mopeds? 




 Damn it OP, it's gorgeous. The AW11 is on the top of my list for affordable dream cars.  




 94 civic hatch with 13000 in mods 




