 More housing stock would temper it a good bit. We haven't been building enough.  




 God-mode lifestyle choice is getting a good degree or high income job in a low cost of living state. 

Engineers or nurses in those kind of environments can make some serious headway in their financial lives  




 1.6-2k miami 




 What is fucked is that the elderly/"low income" people get these sweet apartments subsidized, and middle class or like 80 percent of the country get fucked. 

The luxury condos often are allowed to be built at a higher density if they have a portion that is below market rent. Now this goes beyond the federal affordable housing programs, and makes rhe upper middle class responsible for housing the urban poor,which is controveral in the firdt place. It is like taxing your home. 

What it also does is upbids and increases the price that the middle class has to pay, as there are even larger blocks of people who are taking up housing stock at a subsidized rate. 


Really I think zoning needs to be relaxed in many places to promote infill, smaller units, multifamily, and independently managed apartments. 


It is most profitable to only do luxury units because they make more money and have more stable clients, so when the government puts a bunch of red tape on a market that has little interest in it, it is pretty damn hard. 


I wish we had more unconventional housing in odds and ends,  on top of buildings, multistory, housing connected to workplaces and the like. 

Europe has a lot more housing like that, but instead we have our workplace/entertainment/housing rigidly seperated thanks to zoning in most places. My large street where I lived a while back had no food/gas on the whole street because all of it was zoned residential, and it seemed like such a clusterfuck not to have those amenities. 

Even the rental market is heating up a good bit, but there are so few units vacant and new ones are at a higher price point, so many people don't save money doing it. 

I will likely just get roomates well into my future as a young professional and invest the saved money. 

I will not pay 1450 a month in rent plus utilities and comcast to boot. I am more than happy to share a washing machine and actually keep my money. 

If housing prices weren't artificially subsidized by the mortgage interest deduction, the deductability of taxes on a house, and artificially low interest policies/zero interest rate policies, the value of homes would fall back into equilibrium. Somethinng like a lower multiple of average yearly income than where it is now.  




 A lot of communities that are older fear too many kids will raise property taxes, which fund schools. Having only seniors move into their city/neighborhood can in theory save a little bit on taxes in the short term, but really hinders the region. This kind of thing forces young and middle aged people to commute from further out if they are going to work a job. 

It really is discriminatory and needs to be cracked down on. It is highly ageist. 

It happens all the time in new hampshire 




 What shpreme court cases are you upset about? 




 Breh he think it real cuz he aint got good credit 




 No. Shitty cameras probably have poor low hight performance and low resolution.  




 It is self perpetuating a bit. Once communities get an "anchor in" by having an expat community, it is easier than being one of very few people there.  




 Or maybe low end gear doesn't work as well on those metrics? 




 And there are pretty easy workarounds. Like non mandatory after school religious clubs and whatnot 









 This is a public school giving money essentially to a person who is running for president 



















 I am from florida but I lend you my rsvp. We can do this. The event is going to be awesome!


I am going to watch a stream of it 




 \I CAN FEEL THE BERN

JSM 




 Disgusting and wasteful 














 Why would income discrimination be a good thing? 




 This has been my experience in Kenya as well.  




 It isn't.  




 And I think they are ota in many/most places as well.  









 And earthlink is cheaper?  I am asking about alternatives:  the apartment in pembroke pines I'm moving to is only wired for comcast cable. Idk how dsl works though 




 That makes sense. I just want to see her on top of the charts again 




 DRC is way more progressive than people realize 




 Metropolitan limits have only been around since the 1950s and it would be troubesome to switch methods halfway through. I wanted data since the 1700s 




 https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/Carte_Utah_population.png 




 Is brighthouse dsl?  Soy de Miami  




 It is easier to act like it is a consipacy when you don't consider all of the problems like energy density in airplanes and the like

The world can't pay 30 cents per kilowatt like german solar costs 




 Artpop wasn't a critical success and didn't have many good singles, and cheek to cheek was a jazz project, rather than pop music.  




 Most of the world isn't either.  




 Cheek to cheek is niche jazz music though, not meant for popular consumption.  

I mean like dancepop. 


Music people actually listen to 




 Look at the estonia population chart from like the 1990s to now and it is uber telling 




 We're the greatest superpower ever to exist, have the highest gdp of any country, and bankroll your continent. 


 




 Costs an arm and a leg to get there 




 No, VIVIDLY. 

Almost nobody lives in Utah outside of the wasatch fron/ogden valley. 


It is VERY clear and easy to see. Please educate yourself with a population density map of utah.  




 I prefer Sluts for Sanders 




 Please take your reaction imagrs back to 9gag with the other kids 




 They posted the story before you. Delete this 




 You know that amy winehouse song?  .... 




 While large amounts will knock you out of ketosis, even small cheats like tart cherries are something I allow.  




 I miss listening to her music in the last few years. Where has she been? 









 \for an actual argument that isn't mindlessly luddite, and would actually be erudite enough for this subreddit


Ftfy 




 Le wrong generation 




 This isn't new. 

http://www.amazon.com/Bowling-Alone-Collapse-American-Community/dp/0743203046

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowling_Alone



http://bowlingalone.com/
 




 That seems like a major oversight to be that short of a common size. I guess it keeps weight down and mpg up.. 




 http://www.truth-out.org/opinion/item/31626-interrupting-pride-for-black-lives 









 Socialism is the policy, and it works. Just look at Sweden, or rich countries like Norway that are heavily socialist.  




 We can't be quiet or stifled. We need to start a political revolution in this country ! 




 /r/SandersforPresident :where there is only one flavor of koolaid 




 Yeah things like that aren't that bad when you contextualize them. Bernie was doing a good thing and he is a feminist, unlike conservatives who want to ban abortion and make it illegal to be a woman and illegal to be gay.  




 We should follow his lead then! 




 \adults are probably more informed and way more against it


.....uuuh. ..... 









 In fact, they were born here! 




 Enhance 




 Please attack his logic not his personage. 

You know nothing about him.  














 Only one kind though. Got to save money to feed the kids 




 If Romania grew like poland for a bit it wouldnct be unrealistic 




 Can gay men come? 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVjRe8QXFHY 




 I know the situation kinda sucks for you, but there are some awesome resources for free at your local library.  They have "pimsleur" series CDs at the library, and you can copy the CDs to your laptop or MP3 and pick up some surival spanish very easily.



The peace corps/dli/FSI courses for free here are in the public domain and are more than enough to learn spanish with:


https://www.livelingua.com/#project

I just moved to Miami and speak no spanish.

I'm doing it, you can too.  Man up. 









 *frist-kund h//ow d=@re oo 




 Edit: You just have to slam it to make it lock into place.

I am an idiot.

 









 White power! 




 I went to the post office and they had 3 actual workers who were 50 and working slowly, and a woman who was in her early 20s who was doing all of the work,  not allowed to sit while she was working, and had to sort the crowd of people into lines and then help them with their postage.  














 He is from florida. 


Maybe he is a hermit crab? 




 It is the two systems existing side by side without progressing either way. 

If union benefits phased out it would be more fair, but now it just acts like creating a second tier class of workers.  




 You can also tutor younger students in computer science. You could easily charge 15/20 an hour for coding lessons for high schoolers or other college students. A few hours a week freelance can easily make some grocery money.  




 10 billion is a lot but not relative to german tax revenue 




 These kind of social democracies can really backfire. It is like jobs where the old people are unionized and have killer benefits and then there are young people who are only allowed to work part time at minimum wage with zero benefits.  




 Turning off data when not on wifi is the way to go 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angolan_general_election,_1992


Total clusterfuck 




 Give me your house.  I donct have one. I'm in a time of need.  




 I have only had bad experiences with traditional taxis and only good experiences with uber.  




 Yellow cab is the new terrorist 




 Supreme court rules that literally everything is interstate commerce in the 1920s. This would take a case at the supreme court decision to overturn.  









 I mean chinese equities are massively overvalued, and the PE ratio of us stocks aint that hot either. College debt is another massively real bubble.


Trying to time a bubble is hard, but it isn't like there aren't sectors that are overblown or not worth their valuation 




 Getting a roomate he basically knows he will make 500-1000 a month. Getting a mortgage for another property would add debt and the liability of taking care of the house, and what happens if real estate values decline and the house becomes underwater?

I just mean getting a roomie is by and far the most simplistic solution with little downside relatively speaking. 

And the stock market is a lot more liquid than paying off your house esrly, with the added benefit of being able to cash out if he wanted to stay in that home during retirement.  




 Yeah. Just a bit of levity.  




 Blackrock did this.  




 What is so obnoxious is that they want the right to sue gun manufacturers for people killed when their product is misused. Imagine if you could put ford out of business because someone drunk drove. It is such stupid and ignorant view of the legal system.  




 But that is a lot more legwork and speculative real estate wheeling and dealing than just getting a roomate where he is currently 




 And obviously betting you can work till seventy is a risky proposition, but if OP's dad waits at least until his full retirement age his SS benefit won't get nerfed. Really he should wait as long as possible to take SS.  




 No. Usually with people so close to retirement I have them get into FOREX shorts to start them off.  




 Dad already has a house. A much easier solution is either moving out somewhere cheaper and renting the house, or getting a roomie for his current situation.  




 Stop the double payment, pay the minimum, and put that money that your dad had been putting extra into the mortgage into an IRA or other savings vehicle 




 How many rooms does his house have?  This may sound silly, but getting a roomate for a few years would give him a lot more cash flow and cut his expenses on things like utilities in half.  









 Andrew WK? 




 I dont see color.  




 No it doesnt. They pay the same rate.  




 Except there were no fascists. The anti-republicans who stopped a communist revolution are heroes.  




 Oh well we'll just wait another 100 years. /s 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/FloridaMan/search?q=dick+oranges restrict_sr=on 




 Already submitted a million times 




 Total Ghandi move lol 




 Prosecco, but yes.  




 The people with minimimal education or drive who migrate through civil service/dmv type jobs are quite apathetic from what I have seen. The lifers at colleges/universities can be pretty bad, much like those in city govt.  




 Do you have more constructive to contribute or are you just going to use ad homenim insults against others? 




 Lazy is as lazy does. Why don't they get jobs? 




 Vote ACT or NZF 




 ...and we can do it here too!  Bernie Sanders 2016! 




 As a speaker of old cement, our language is spoken in south sudam as well 




 [Lesbianism Intensifies] 




 Damn he even won new orleans 




 And the hole 




 Western Sahara is Morocco 




 But everyone pays the same percent so it is equal. 

Or do you just not believe in math? 




 $   




 Someone stole the key... 




 Shave it this minute it looks bad and you will look a lot better.  




 Moscato.  




 It looks fine. Dont change it.  




 Americam Crew Fiber. Toustle it when it is moist. Apply from the roots out. 

Use like a 3 on the sides and grow the top out to make the look complete 




 Why do people not support consent with cosmetic non-medically needed procedures?  To me it is inexplicable that with all of the antirape activism that people still support male genital mutliation. 

How can babies consent to something that isn't medically necessary? 




 Is the OP that oblivious or are they trolling? 




 It is used in the USA too. 

Basically they are bernie sanders voters.  




 Hipsters don't want anyone to join their cool treehouse clubs.  




 Liberals and progressives can be really hateful when it comes to this kind of stuff. Liberal.michiganders and wisconsinites habe all of these weird phobias about the great lakes being drained by foreigners. It is dumb as fuck.  




 Ffs most new world wines can rank onnpar with french wines of similar class and has been that way for decades. France has been making wines only on par with california for decades 




 Don't mind the slight of hand 




 Tbh bestof and srs inevitably do it as well. I am amazed shitlibertarianssay has mods that are that caustic to socialists/communists.  




 Champaign socialists? 




 Sls? 




 Either way I'm getting the popcorna. This is more entertaining than the hissyfits after an Angolan election 




 NEVER FORGET 1994 




 The french are huge japonophiles though.  




 Did you marry a giraffe? 




 This song has helped me through some tough times. Listen to the lyrics. 

www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1n2KgKpb3Y 




 Wait isn't details " "not a gay magazine" " "? 




 \crossfit 




 One of my frienda from changsha china always tells me about the new orleans chicken they sell

The whole nola stuff gets appropriated weird ways over there. It is funny though.  



















 Not LDS but more than willing to talk. PM me 




 BernieSandersnomics isn't working 




 /r/syriancivilwar has a bunch of those types 
























 The school may not have a legal office, but the office that does foreign students and the counseling center.  The foreign student office thing won't be able to give you legal advice, but they are a free source of advice and have probably dealt with this before many times. 














 Atatrk is rolling in his grave.  




 Yeah for some reason people get wrapped up in psedoscience when it comes to their pet issues. VT/NH have large amounts of gun owners, but much less violence than Chicago. UK has lots of knife crime. 

The consequences and rates of death from violence are higher with guns that knives, bur trying to ban guns rather than trying to fix our fraying societies in some urban neighborhoods is simplistic at best.  




 Mama Mia!  Here we go againa. My my, why'd I ever let you go! 




 But muh progressive messiah.  




 Caution:  He might try and exercise you.  




 Idaho Gold.  




 Yeah. Google it.  




 It was minor in rhe sense that he blew like a .085 and didn't kill anyone ore wreck a car. He got caught at a checkpoint.  




 The Michel Thomas and Pimsleur language tapes are awesome to workout to, and are available free at your local library. I love sort of using time two ways and getting a lot more productivity out of the day like that.  




 Contacting the school may be a good idea. They have this happen all the time, and if OP was convicted they would likely find out anyways.  




 Not to be an "I told you so", but while OP is in the US I wouldn't drink at all (anymore).   The risk now is too high. 

I know people who have gotten kicked out of PhD programs for one relatively minor drunk driving arrest without even an accident, and while OP can probably plea bargain it down or get a diversion sort of program going, any subsequent arrest would be a lot more onerous and OP wonct have any of the first time get out of jail free kind of cards. 


I also knew a girl who had to return home because she got caught with pot.. 




 That is the secret at chickafila. Brine yo chicken in pickle juice 




 Vous devez voter MLP 




 "Freedom" is slavery.  




 "I disagree with rand paul on everything but like him on this issue" 




 I submitted this article because Americans have very few safeguards against pesticide use, and this article explores how corporations and the government collude to expose passengers to dangerous pesticides with unknown long term health consequences.  



















 Obama did this 




 The governor still shits over it occasionally 




 I cashed out a lot of my IRA to support Bernie. 

We can do it if we all pitch in. 

I quit my job and am going door to door full time now 


We are just weeks away from Bernie eclipsing Hillary and leading the polls. 


Sanders has already doubled his support, and if he does it again he will be head to head with Clinton. I encourage you to educate yourself on the issues and read his policies.  He is very middle class oriented, and is against free trade (ie, pro middle class). 

/r/SandersforPresident


#FeeltheBern 




 As a gay man, please quit appropriating our struggle into arts and crafts you can repin on pintrest and tumblr and shit 


This isn't your life, nor is it your fight.  




 I am fearful of the cult of personality around him, with all of the saving kittens and saving people from burning buildings and stuff. It just seems incredulous.  




 Isn't that presumptuous?  That isn't yout place to keep him out of the know about his own family.  




 How?  Race relations have soured because of obama. Disagreeing with you doesn't make someone ignorant.  




 The Devil would make 20/hr if bernie was erected president 




 Busses use less energy, cost less, have better usage rates, and are faster. 

http://www.debunkingportland.com/max_vs_bus.html


Do you have any facts other than what you see in your suburban neighborhood?




 




 Dont. Dental insurance is a scam 




 TPP.  




 The middle class is his economic plan 









 Please stop the damage control. He is a part of the lobbyist machine. 


We need politicians dedicated to public service, like Bernie is.  




 Seattle for two hours a day is not a lot of the time. You are taking your personal anecdote of a tiny amount of the transit system and subsrituting it for empirical data .... 




 "We should have wealth in this country according to each person's humanity, not according to their profession" -Bernie Sanders 




 That is a terrible idea. 


She is literally the same as bush on every important issue. She is anti gay, and you're being used by voting for her.  




 That sounds like George Bush's foreign policy 




 Publishing memoirs isn't an accomplishment. She startwd another war in Libya and her memoire didn't sell worth shit 




 Region?  I am willing 




