 This is an example of why I'd like a female OB lol 




 This is very good to know.  I always thought discharge meant a more thicker substance, and I started to freak out lately because it has felt as though I've mildly peed my pants.  Thank you! 




 That's actually pretty helpful lol,  thank you. 




 If the amount of discharge I'm experiencing is normal.  It is odorless and doesn't have any other symptoms with it, but sometimes my underwear just feels so wet.  They say it will increase the further you get.

Just wondering if anyone else is experiencing something similar. 




 Nice! 




 It seems that a lot of those communities create circles of friends(which you think would be great) instead of support and help anyone.  

So I'm glad people found friends to be snarky with, but it is very off putting for newcomers.   




 Oh my god, I'm so sorry!  This is a great thing for you to share with us though, very appreciated.  Have fun with your baby girl, take it easy xoxo 




 My last 3D ultrasound was at 17 weeks, it still looked just like your pic.  I can't wait for my baby to look like a baby :/  I'm 22 weeks now, still hesitant to do a 3D too soon. 




 Yea I'd say timing and title are big factors.  




 He was talking about a gift card he already had, that he wanted money for.  I feel like that is different. 




 Wow I love it 




 I really agree that the firmness matters.  I have a little memory foam neck pillow that I use between my legs that gets flat quickly.  Will be switching up tonight! 




 This was such a huge wtf ending to me.  I didn't love it.  




 I just finally watched this movie from start to finish.  I never realized that the few times I tried to start it before I was pretty much 95% done.

It's surprising how simple of a production that was and how many waves of emotions it made me go through.  

I'm not sure how I would have  changed the ending.  But at the same time, I feel like I was craving for something more to happen. 




 What pissed me off was in the 3rd movie with the little girls,  some parts in the previews that made me want to see it were not in the movie!  I'm thinking of 2 particular scenes.

1. Little girl silently jumping off the second floor next to the stairs at night.

2. Little girl sitting next to mom at art easel,  explaining to mom that the ghost is right next to them and throws a can of water on the ghost to prove it.

But mostly about this movie, I was hoping to finally have closure about the house fire that they mention in movies 1, and 2.  But no, they open up a new can of worms with that weird cult, and nobody knows what's going on.  Unless I'm really missing something,  someone tell me.





 




 Lol perfect gif. 




 It might taste ok, but no one can convince me to put oil in coffee.   




 Whoa!  Loved that song.  Actually that whole Phantom Planet album was badass. 




 Remind myself that the grass isn't always greener. 




 Oh I'm so excited for you!  I'm sure that was a long road xoxo 




 Those came out good!  Isn't it the funnest thing ever? xoxo 




 [How Tuna got his name](http://www.imgur.com/1Q9cYfm.jpeg) 




 "Judge Coogler addressed the couple saying, 'You robbed this child of her childhood and her soul, and a maximum sentence is the only sentence appropriate.'"

Chilling. 




 Omg, I forgot about that shit.  That was bad. 




 I was so sad about this one. 




 I like you. 




 O god! 




 Love them all 




 You did say "I dont want a boy."  I'm not putting words in your mouth here.
Why someone would conceive a child knowing there would be a 50% chance of making something they don't want, blows my mind.  Why not adopt, so you know exactly what you're getting?

 I really enjoy hearing stories of good mom/son relationships. I really don't know... any. Out of the 25+ men I work with (programming, so that might be a factor) and my husband/BIL no one likes their mom. Most go out of their way to avoid their mom.

You only seem to recognize positive relationships with daughters, and negative with sons, that isn't the way it is, and it isn't healthy.

The things you're saying throughout this whole thread are not specific problems to men.  Men and *women* can be shitty human beings.  For every instance you give of a shitty son, I could give you one about daughters.    I especially don't sympathize with gender disappointment, when it's based on stereotypes.   




 He's going to grow into the person you nurture him to be.  When I observe the people in my life and their families, it all has to do with how they are raised.  Stop comparing life with the standards in old sayings and on tv shows.  People used to live a lot differently,  and tv is fiction.

And I'm sorry but I find your post a little insensitive.  There are so many women out there who would die for the chance to have a baby, and you're disappointed by whether or not it will sit to use the toilet. 




 Oh boy, you are in my thoughts! 




 Very graceful. 




 Omg, how scary.  My thoughts are with you! 




 This is one that really makes me sad.  I would do that to my mom all the time, well into my late teens even.  I didn't really live on my own til my mid-twenties,  and this was a harsh reality. 




 I'm so sorry, I hear of this happening far too often.  You will be in my thoughts. 




 This was my problem too, so pissed!  Maybe OP is having this issue.  I've been an adult for a long time and I'm still learning things.  




 Yes!  Like the other person said, mine was also $65 for a 3D one.  They also do quick sneak peeks in 2D,  and you hear heartbeat for $25, definitely look into this! 




 My insurance only covers one at 20 weeks :( 




 Let me say, I had an ultrasound at 14w4d, the tech said girl.  I asked how sure she was, she said 100%.  No way I thought that was possible. Well at 20w,  still girl!  

Edit: Forgot to say good luck with your anatomy scan! 




 Thank you for asking something I would never think of!  I'd have it altogether,  lay baby down, then be all, "wow, that can't be comfortable. " 




 Look at that smug, entitled face. 




 Yes, definitely switch now to prenatals,  but it's very good that you were intaking some of those vitamins! 

I don't know the list of vitamins off hand that is required for an expectant mother, but it's not all about what you're missing.  As a pregnant women, there is also a list of vitamins that we *shouldn't* consume, and others that we shouldn't consume in high quantities.  So that is just as important to monitor,  as what you *should* be taking.  

That's why prenatals, across the board, are safe and amazing.  Everyone has their own opinion on which brand is the best, but I just go by the highest concentration of the most important ingredients. 




 That's actually a very beautiful thing!  They said for optimum brain development,  we should start on prenatal vitamins when we start trying to conceive,  so yes, very good. 




 At least you didn't waste your money and did it at 14 weeks, lol.  That was pretty scary looking.  I can't wait to do one again when I'm much farther.   




 It's a cruel trick that pms and early pregnancy have similar symptoms.  But I don't care what people say, no such thing as a false positive.  

But prenatal vitamins are so important right now, it's so early in the game that the higher amount of folic acid and dha you intake the less likely for baby to have abnormalities!   




 This was the only other thing I remember Omri Katz being in. 




 It went great!  I was nervous for no reason.  I appreciate everyone's comments to my first post,  it made me feel a lot better going into it.  I'm about 18 and a half weeks and she was measuring on target.

Looking at my little girl on the screen for 30 min was probably the best thing in life so far 

[Little Maggie](http://www.imgur.com/NaNbeo0.jpeg) 




 Omg I love that.  Where can I get this outfit!? 




 Thank you! 




 Yay :D 




 Oh will do definitely :D 




 I really appreciate the well wishes xoxo. I'll update everyone tuesday! 




 Thank you, I'm trying so hard to be optimistic!  Xoxo 




 Oh how exciting.  It is all viewed in 2d?  Or did you also get to see in 3d?  Just curious. 




 I am pretty excited just to see her again,  thank you for the response xoxo 




 :'D Sounds great, I hope I have a similar experience xoxo Thank you 




 Thank you!  For some reason I'm crying reading these responses.  But I appreciate the nice response, I do feel better xoxo 




 Everything has been going good this pregnancy.  We found out it is a little girl, we named her Margaret.  I'm starting to feel her move a little.  I'm so in love already.

I just don't know what I would do with myself if we find out she isn't well.  Was maybe hoping to hear some nice stories of Anatomy Scans going well.  What to expect maybe, although all Dr's are different.  Thanks ladies xoxo 




 K 




 You don't understand me.  **It doesn't matter how much it is or isn't scripted, because he's not an actor.**

That means he would have to be on the Pacino level of acting for me to be convinced he was just *acting* like an asshole.  And I'm not convinced. 

I could possibly see him in the future and change my opinion of him, but based on this show, he's not my favorite. 

Edit: Actually,  based on this show *and* the fact he went to jail for hitting that girlfriend, is why he's not my favorite. 
 




 Aw yay! 




 I got it dude.  I'm not disagreeing that there are scripted guidelines for the show.  

I'm saying that Coolio isn't some phenomenal actor that has the ability to change his whole persona, like your ridiculous comparison of Al Pacino who does have that capability. 

Whether it is scripted or not, it still showcases his personality. 




 So he's an amazing actor at *playing* an asshole?  I get it now. 




 I wouldn't really call that *making fun of him*.   




 Well he was on an [episode of Celebrity Wife Swap](http://youtu.be/IXa_TtST99Y), and he was an asshole. 




 I live in Vegas and you can't count on this working everywhere.  Some places I would try it and ask for a beer, they would kindly tell me that I should be betting at least 25 cents a hand for free drinks. 




 I push pretty hard with mine, and I pivot and move so slow.  Sometimes if I have to poop or pee I can't find her, lol.  Just relax, walk around, lay down and try again.  I only had trouble a couple times, but found it within the hour. 




 This is exactly what I was told too OP. 




 I found out maybe 4w5d.  A week before I tested, I did have menstrual cramps when I was due for them, so I just had thought my period was coming, but then the cramps went away and I never got my period, lol so I tested. 




 What a strong blueberry you had. 




 I'm 17w4d and I'm just now feeling flutters.  It's pretty exciting!  




 I definitely wouldn't turn down the test either,  but I have two friends with perfectly healthy babies that tested positive for down syndrome.  I don't have personal experience,  just sharing the consensus of the people I know who have done it. 




 This gift is underrated. 




 I know, I sneezed hard yesterday and I feel like I fucked something up. 




 Confront your MIL and make her deal with her daughter.  Ugh. Sorry you have to deal with this.  




 Cab yes.  Personal vehicle,  still no.  You can go crazy, but not in your car, just so everyone knows. 




 Lol of course 




 I'd really need to see it.  But either way, an extra day would give you an even stronger result, so no harm in trying again tomorrow.  Morning pee is the strongest/best. 




 Definitely looks like a first trimester thing, by looking at the characteristics of the baby at the end. 




 Thank you for the response!  Will try exactly what you said.  Yes he is fixed, lol. 




 [Better quality](http://www.imgur.com/zMkr6yD.png) 




 [That's a little different than what I expected him to say.](http://www.imgur.com/2Y4r1KL.jpeg) 




 2 quick questions. 

My house-broken shorkie still occasionally likes to urinate on the corners or furniture,  why does he pee in the correct place 90% of the time, and not the rest, any way to fix that?

He also gets crazy separation anxiety and cries if I even close a door in the house for 10 seconds, he always wants to be with us and follows us, any advice there?

 




 [Now she plays in Tyler Perry movies](http://www.imgur.com/BEYHrY6.jpeg) 




 This was me last week, it eventually goes away I promise.  But what helped me the most was my nettie pot.  Omg those things are cool. 




 Uh. Yeaaa 




 He looks perfect xoxo 




 Very nice and classy! 




 We are almost due date buddies!   I've been feeling the same thing for about a week now too.  Very seldom mind you.  But I think we are feeling them! 




 And it looks like OP could be bending down next to him taking the picture. 




 [Reference](http://m.imgur.com/r/4chan/3YdJs) 









 I'm sorry you're going through this, I know that it's real easy to get upset in our state.

I personally don't have advice, but this seems like an issue that needs more communication so badly.  It's just going to eat you up inside if you keep quiet :(.  You don't need anything going on that makes you upset like this.  

 




 I really feel if it was seriously important,  they wouldn't have just left you a message saying to call them in the AM.  I would really hope no office works like that anyway. 




 Sounds like a dream! I'm jealous. Xx 




 Oh how exciting!  I'm so nervous about our big scan. 




 We are renting ours from Baby Beats, for about $20/month.  It works well for me.  I couldn't find the heartbeat til about 10w5d.  But once I found it the first time, I've never been unable to find it.

Some people say it could cause extra worry if you can't find it sometimes, but I was willing to take that risk.  Once you know what sounds to look for, it's easier.  I watched a bunch of youtube videos that helped me. 




 I thought the Mexican drug lord was going to be the worst of it, everything after just kept topping it.   




 Well, when the first time they are able to turn over is unknown, it's good to avoid the risks altogether.  




 Thanks xoxo 




 I know, I was never one of the people to tell others they should be happy they don't feel sick.  Because I know it is worrying to not feel pregnant.  But fatigue is a doozy. 




 Yea, my morning sickness didn't start til almost 7 weeks.  And it was only full force til about 10.5 weeks.  But the fatigue was crazy!  If you can barely keep your eyes open, that's good, it's a strong symptom!  But don't worry yourself too much, like others say, you might not get the sickness. 




 I just think everyone has different priorities.  You know all those assholes have smart phones. 




