




 Well 2 are so obvious anyone with a passing interest in movies or general knowledge would know. Getty and Blake obviously.

The other too less so. Henry Rollins friend and Epolito, the corrupt NY Cop.

And two more brought to my attention in this thread. 




 woah 




 It was useless information completely unconnected to the post about people having committed violence or being close to victims of noted acts. 

What a weird angry response from a little man. LOL. 




 So why did you mention him?

Yes it would.

 




 nice 



















 Was Manson the victim of a violent crime?

Better if they try and guess no?  














 [burn](https://33.media.tumblr.com/49dcb1d6f3e3f1a606560a63865d5ba9/tumblr_mr1k5opCAa1riwrmgo1_500.gif) 














 I wonder if he fucks them. 





























 Does anyone think otherwise? Comedy is the most difficult thing to do. Drama is easy. 





























 Worries me you spent time arranging that. 




 What some people think. Sense humor different to people 




 monkfish wrapped in bacon

no one sidslikes this 




 That film made me reconsider sleep as a means of living.  














 It's good news, and they do not like good news 









 YOU'RE A WWWIIIIIIIIIIIIZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!! 














 I am sorry you got so many downvotes for a real question. The users on reddit are often very stupid 









 YYEEESSSSSSSSS

Hopefully he adds some actual Star Trek to the franchise now 




 This is a really complicated issue. You should ask in /r/screenwriting 


































 This is insane, what the hell. Wouldn't that kill soeone? 



















 Any male actors like to chime in? Do they have to do the same thing for certain roles? I know I couldn't turn up for tough guy 2 or the hero cause I am fat 



















 /r/askscience? 




 Dies that count or is it cricket? 




 This happened to me before went I went in to see Casper but ended up in Scent of a Woman but it was okay as it was a country town cinema that only opened in the summer and they never had new movies just what the owner wanted to watch himself he apparently had loads of money so it didn't bother him that it closed in the end but while he ran it no one knew what movie would play at what time, you bought the ticket for the start time and people said he would laugh at the cries and screams from the audience as they were forced once again to watch Al Pacino dancing blind for the tenth time. 




 [He can bring it!](http://i.imgur.com/udOGY09.jpg) 




 The elephant thing is only news from last week. 




 It is still exciting 




 Im so going to touch your stuff 




 haha but is it online to read? 




 Yeah it is interesting what will happen when they come together as a creative force of nature 




 How did you read it? 



















 Plenty of good films outside of the big hollywood system. I live in small town and the local art house plays one or two a week. 




 I think you must know that it is not like that. But maybe read the article it explains a bit and then google it 




 $$$ 



















  Morgan Stanleys Benjamin Swinburne says today in a detailed a report about the films potential impact on Disney.

Persons job, not just guessing, but no one can tell the future I guess 




 Thought it rather saccharine  




 The Arniesance? 




 I lost mine last week. 

















































 I've seen some student art like this before but not as good 



















 One woman and her quest to leave the religion, what drove her to it and why she has no regrets. I found it informitive to read as there is a lot I dont know about the group. 














 I don't understand 




 Can I ask question. If you went to a website now could you buy 50 shades or would you have to wait 10 mintes? 




 Especially the German one, into Poland 




 Oh man these are awesomely listed. Thanks so much!!! 














 Looks good. James Cameron and this are making me reconsider seeing it 




 Thx must have put in wrong thing 














 Westworld  




 I disagree, since it was my opinion it cannot be wrong. People who are downvoting should not be on reddit. And no there was not need for any great detail response in the context above so do not try use that lame excuse.

This is bullying once again. I thought reddit was better 




 The last 5 Spiderman films have been tragic 




 That would be awful. Dumbing down reimaginings are ruining movies.  




 it long article worth a read 




 You are welcome 




 I don't recognise the name and googling his face leaves me blank too. Is this unexpected? 




 [I dunno](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/dnno.gif) 




 Why on earth would they want a young Bond? 




 Just watched him last night in Westworld  




 I don't work and use a pc at my college course all day and have loads of free time. Isn't that the point of Reddit? To submit things?  














 Wow great article on this guy who went missing. Some say he made the first film ever. 
























 One day I will learn to poach eggs. Must have lost about 50 to the water with every technique known to man.  One day, when I am old and dying and no longer have a taste for eggs  




 I once ate Portland. It was a little pretentious.  
























