 Cops that shoot dogs are pieces of shit,if you can't handle an agressive animal without killing it you are a pussy and should not be in law enforcment. 









 The Gunslinger series by Steven King. 




 US Gov. They are the carnies, you are the rube. 




 "Have you seen me?" by GWAR. 




 Good score,a Case! 




 He is great but I was laughing and translating the lyrics in my head..I'll rip your arm off and shove it up your ass.Don't you worry,the pain it soon will pass,when I kick your face into next week.now your just a greasy spot beneath my sneaker. 




 I had one of these and loved it,a real piece of art. Gave it to my son a few years back as a gift. you can find them here,  http://www.worldknives.com/manufacturers/chambriard-knives-hand-made-pocket-culinary-knives-26.html 




 Hey,nice dress.It would look great crumpled up on my bedroom floor! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CBShoN2bhA 




 Took my young daughter to a game farm one day and this happened. The mother did not lie down or squat and the calf just dropped out from 10' or so,amazing! 




 A giraffe being born. 




 Married with children. 




 spiderman by the Ramones. 




 Absofuckinloutly gorgeous! 




 yeah,order lab equipment online and get free next day delivery of a swat team at your door. 




 Love that car! 




 Weight loss or penis enlargment pills. 




 Op here...http://www.reddit.com/user/ElvisMariePresley 




 There's always a cab when you need one,one guy with a hand gun wins a fight against a bunch of guys with military weapons. 




 Thanks for the interest but I am not the OP, I thought that knife people would find this interesting so I reposted this to that "OTHER SUB", got no love there and reposted again to here.Just wanted to share some nice knives. Enjoy! 









 Farscape 




 Do you ever even clean that thing!? 




 When I was first learning the trade at 15 years old, Mr. Budini would say,"If ya gotta look at a recipe, ya don't know what yer doin ya stupid sumdababitch!"  Learn what goes good with what and know your spices.Soon you will be creating your own recipes. 




 Umm, honey? About the 401k... 




 I spend all morning making home made soups stews and specials,then I work the line and yes I flip burgers.I consider myself more of a chef than the "Cryo-pac jockeys" at most chains. 




 Fuck you! I have made a very good living"Flipping Burgers" my whole life.I hate people who trash chefs/cooks and try to put them into the same category as trash collectors and such.FUCK YOU! 









 How do you like the Massakage? I have a mizu gyuto and it kicks ass! 









 Handy dandy 




 Take a piss after picking cayenne peppers. 




 I remember seeing a news article along time ago,(90's mabey?) that Bob Denver was arrested for trying to send some pot to her in a letter.Gilligan knows who's the hottest! 




 That is my favorite Beatles song! 




 Bobby Magee,Janis. 




 What about Billy the mountain? Zappa and the Mothers live album. 




 In the US, be very carefull about how you say things when you text or call back home.A phrase like "We came here to party and we're gonna burn this city up!" will probably get you detained and deported. 




 And Buck. 




 Why is this an issue? People are just trying to be happy. Fuck religion. 




 Purty! 




 No #'s after my name,be creative! 




 I went to a free concert back in the early 90's featuring "Muddy Waters' guitar player".Was expecting an old blues man to come out and sit in a chair and play some acoustic blues.Buddy came out in a red coverall with a wireless guitar and blew the fucking roof off the place! He was out in the crowd and even up in the balconey,what a showman,been a big fan ever since. 




 If Al Bundy and Red Foreman did a movie I would be so happy. 




 And a fine blues singer. 




 Imagine the Red Green show being marketed as a "reality" show,and the stores are  trying to sell you Red Green diapers or Red Green shampoo,ect...ect...that is Duck Dynasty. Bye the way,what ever happened to Red Green,I loved that show 




 Then they would set up camp close to where they fell and spend months processing the meat, hides, bones, ect, ect for their own use and for trade goods. After that they would move on to find a winter camp to settle into and in the sping the cycle would begin again.Taking that much game at one time would have been a huge piece of luck and and seen as a gift from the spirits. 




 Anything by SRV or Buddy Guy. 




 This was a joke about knife collecting posted to a sub about knife collecting.You sound like you're talking about gambling or drug addiction!Get over yourself Dr fuckin Phil! 




 HA HA! Thanks all.To be fair,my wife is a quilter and she says I can't understand why she keeps buying fabric. 









 Italian sausage and peppers,eaten with big buttery slices of Italian bread. YUM! 




 That is one sweet knife! 




 Old guy here,never liked family guy because I just don't think it's funny,south park is so much better. 









 877 cash now! 




 Ceramic knives don't live up to the hype. Your money would be better spent on a steel knife. 




 Amazon carries replacment parts for SAK's. 




 Anyone else see the bird on the mountain? 




 Really like this,nice work! 




 Benchmade, Spyderco, ZT too.
My Christmas wish is to see something new! 




 Learn to cook, eat and drink at home instead of restaraunts and above all don't get married. 




 Take care of this one! Cattaraugus knives were good quality and made in NY state,they shut down in the early 60's. 




 Because girls get all horny over "sensitive" guys. 




 I have a set of the original pure Komachi knives which are very nice light duty kitchen knives made in Japan.They were very,very popular so Kershaw decided to use cheaper steel,shitty plastic handles, move production to China and call them Pure Komachi 2. I like Kershaw knives but that was a shitty move.I would not expect much quality on these. 




 GE 




 Yep! 




 that IS wierd,works on my ps3 but I always have to pause a few minutes at the start,on my 360 it just plays.Mabey it's location or something. 




 The small town I work in is like this,people just stroll into the road without looking. 




 Has Sony upgraded Their servers? I always watch netflix on my 360 because I don't have to wait for buffering. 




 HA HA! Hope you are enjoying this one! 




 I've been looking for a knife with very specific characteristics for a long time.First and foremost,it had to chop,slice and do tip-work all equally well.secondly,it had to be light, nimble and easy to use on the fly in a fast short-order kitchen on the 2'/10" cutting board of my sandwich bar. last but not least,it had to be under $100 and not so fancy that I would cringe to beat it up. I'm an old school chef and don't believe in cutting up tons of stuff ahead of time.I use a heavier, taller gyuto knife to make my soups and specials in the AM,then go to this as I do orders.I tried so many of my knives for this and it was always a trade off,a tad long or short, good sweet spot for chopping but no good for tip work,nice tip and belly but no chop spot.Ran across this by chance and I love it! 









 Correct,you win a biscuit! 




 I agree, but we are not splitting hairs here,If you live in the suburbs and drive a Hummer that never leaves the pavement,you are an extreme douche.
 




 Humvee, king of all douche-mobiles 




 Good bye life savings,Stokholm here I come! 




 Don't buy ceramic kitchen knives, you will be disappointed.Search instead for Victorinox, Kershaw or Dexter to name a few. 




 German made.Nice knife,keep it and treat it well.Search youtube about sharpening. P.S. This is probably an import from the 70's. 




 In a drawer, and I throw in every silica gel pac from the meds my wife and I take 




 Meh,Hetz rent a car already did it. 




 Taxes. 




 Kids will wear shirts for pants and pants on their head. 




 I have collected knives and also used them to make a living my entire life,I'm no expert but here's my take:You can drive yourself crazy with edge theory,or any other theory for that matter.If an edge works for you it's good,period. Unless you are a world class wood carver or an internationaly acclaimed sushi chef,you don't need to inspect your blade with a microscope.I hear the same arguments about theory on ham radio,I am talking to a guy in Russia while another guy here in the US is telling me why my antenna wont work. 




 Fine collection,keep them well! 














 Yhea,I get it. Try a Tomcat or a Vulcan, it might change your mind. 




 Bone,copper,D-2 









 Yhea,if you are young get used to it, you will see it more and more as you get older. 




 I threw the "Big man in town" out of my kitchen a few months ago,tried to be polite but the fat-ass just ignored me until I got in his face. 




 I have seen seen people totally abusing the server while at at the same time explaining to their kids that they have to know their "station in life",arrogant enough? 




 Bobcat Goldthwait. 




 I used to have a job where I would have to portion out 200# of raw fish every Wed. Nobody ever sat next to me on the way home! 




 Love it! That style is known as a "sunfish" or "elephant toe" and they are very collectable. 




 Ok then,from the top down: Linder mini hunter, Nieto picnic knife, Spyderco something, Kershaw double cross and Therias   L 'econome. 




 Got it from World knives,it is out of stock now. Mabey E-Bay? 




 Don't be sorry,most of the people that would bust on you for using a good sharpener are just hipsters and fan boys. The only good hand sharpeners in the world are people who have devoted their entire lives to it. 




 As requested,I posted a short review.Thank you for your interest 




 I love that little Nieto picnic knife,comes mostly sharp,could be better. A few imperfections such as a buffer burn on the corner of one scale, and in my case a tiny nick in the edge of the main blade.Not a deal breaker for me as I can easily correct that when I get to it.Build is very tight and right,both blades walk well and have a good snap.Overall I'm happy with this knife and would buy from this maker in the future 




 That would be a  kershaw Double cross,made in Japan by Kershaws Kai division.Sadly, it and it's larger brother the double duty have been discontinued. 









 Fuck you. 




 Their high-end knives are great,the rest just so so. 




 Grew up with that nonsense,we even had "Sacred ash-trays"! 




 Sweet! 




 masakagi mizu. 




 Old Hickory and Dexter knives are good,the rest are junk.$3.00,ya done good kid! 




