 Thank you :-) 




 Hey r/Denver, We have moved from the UK to Aurora and I'm trying to register with a doctor in the 80015 area. The Dr that came with the best recommendation from friends doesn't have an appointment for registering until October, and as I think I may have tendonitis in my shoulder, I don't really want to wait that long to be able to see someone! Does anyone have a good Dr in this area? I need a Dr that accepts GWH-CIGNA and preferably a Family Medicine or General Medicine Dr.

Thanks in advance r/Denver :-) You guys rock! 




 Apparently there was a funnel cloud sighted to the NE but I havent heard from anyone yet who saw it. Most people just went outside on hearing the sirens as it was pretty clear here. Crazy people :-) 




 and they all went off in Aurora a couple of hours ago :-)
 




 Moved here 8 weeks ago, the lips I can cope with, but the boogers, aww man they get me every day :-(  




 MRI? 




 This. But make sure you know your left from your right - nearly got taken out yesterday by someone on a bike yelling 'on your right' and passing on my left! She did appologise though :-)
 




 Wow, 5 heart attacks since he was 37... 









 Just got back from the park with the kids, so warm out :-)
 




 Dam you! I just spat coffee on my screen. 




 Upvote for being awesome 




 I had that LP! 




 ''Also I hear orgasms can make breastmilk shoot out so I have this weird image of it hitting his face like a watergun''
It totally does. 




 Yay 303'ers :) 




 Happy Birthday! 




 Dreyers Girl Scout Cookie Limited Edition Samoas Flavour.

Oh my god.


And yes, I've only been here (in the US) three weeks :) 




 lol 




 no no no no!
 




 Nope, 13 items in unacceptable, it needs to be a nice even number. Or ending in a 5 at a push!
 









 9 month old though :(
 




 We are moving to Denver in 14 days!! 




 Seriously? You only just noticed and didn't see anything of it before?? It's been front page ALL week :S 




 The Sonic was the 1st game I ever completed on my own. Still remember sitting in my living room with my mum and dad and feeling that sense of achievement. They didn't really get it but seemed impressed that I'd kept going at something that long. 




 FFS I actually teared up a little. God damn hormones.
 




 Moving house and have just found my old Game Gear (powering up but screen not working) and also 10 old games. My dad bought these when the Game Gear 1st came out. 

I have - Sonic, Sonic 2, Columns, Echo the Dolphin, Olympic Gold, Pengo, Halley Wars, Mickey Mouse - Castle of Illusion, Super Monaco GP and Jurassic park.

Are these things collected or even wanted anymore?

Does anyone on here want them? (I am in the UK btw)

p.s I actually wanted a Game Boy but my dad was swayed by the salesman talk of the colour screen! 




 I had A Game of Thrones - "Come South with me, and I'll teach you how to laugh again," the King promised. 

Sounds promising. 




 Sadly it makes financial sense to follow my husbands work! I have gotten used to moving around, but this is one of my favorite places :) 




 Should have added that I'm moving from a quiet little village in the UK to mid-west USA. I'm gonna miss my beach! 









 Pretty much what the title says! 









 Thank you! I am swollen up one side of my face but look more like I have eaten too many chocolates! Hope you are feeling better soon :) 




 The previous time I had a tooth out it really didn't hurt at all either! I had to have surgery to get the lower one out hence all the pain (and stitches) my jaw bone hurts more than the gum if you know what I mean. Hope you heal quickly. 









 THIS. 

After losing a baby, a lot of 'well meaning' people would say unhelpful things to me such as 'ah, you'll just have to get trying for the next one' 'it's for the best' ' these things happen for a reason' 'it wasn't a baby yet anyway (seriously WTF!)' I hated these comments as my baby was already a huge part of my life and on my mind every second of every day. If you know people who may say these sorts of things, get between them and your wife and try to fend off these comments. In my very emotional state I nearly punched a friend of a friend in the face for her advice. Losing your child is an awful experience. 

Be there, listen and be open with her too. You may find she is unable to process your grief over hers which can lead to resentment between the two of you. Make sure you both have other people to open up to - yes, you as well. 

Take time to mourn and make a little box of mementos. You may not want to look at it for years, but one day you will want those memories and it would be awful not to have them. We have a small fairy/angel statue in our living room in memory of our baby. It's small and discrete but it's always there with me.

EDIT spelling 




 Me too 




 NOPE 




 TIL you can't access that page from the UK. Wierd. 




 not sure why I got a downvote here - I was being sincere! 




 Thanks for the link 









 I'm hypermobile and it's visible in most of my joints. My fingers, thumbs, knees, ankles and shoulders are the worst. I've had to have three knee ops to sort out the cartilage and if I sleep in the wrong position or overstretch for something I dislocate my shoulder out :) 









 apparently mine means 'from the monastery town'. My old surname is even more dull and means 'a long piece of land'. 




 [relevant](http://benton.spreadshirt.co.uk)  




 Ah, APC. Had this song playing as part of my wedding service. 




 I have had a few, having to report suspicion of child abuse for work, calling my dad after my Grandma died suddenly, calling my younger sister to tell her that my mum had left my dad. All left me feeling sick and shaky, still feel it when I think of it now. 




 came here to say the same (though agree with the rest that this is really not WTF after some of the things I've seen today) 




 I'm really glad you are doing better :) It is really hard when things are getting too much to get back on top of it all so well done!
I'm good thanks, get some big plans coming up but looking forward to a new challenge and a more positive time in my life!
Take care x 









 APGAR can be done visually, has been with both of mine whilst I gave them their 1st feed.  




 So rape, murder, abuse et al have disappeared? I want to live in your world. 




 and I have every sympathy for the whole family. No one should have to go through losing a loved one be it from any circumstance. But sometimes people can only see one way out regardless of medication, intervention, or even 'manning-up' as was suggested to me (and by the way I am very much a female!) There will always be a situation that pushes someone too far and takes them so far from the factual situation into the realms of the depression that they do not feel they can get out. And that in itself is depressing enough. I live everyday with the memory of coming so close and despite all the counselling, medication and CBT that I have had, there is always that little insecurity in me that says what if I go there again? Am I strong enough now? 




 http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/Depression_and_pain.html

A study into the interwoven nature of pain and depression.
I am aware it is more from the pain perspective but still has some very good points. 




 Now I am a pretty nice person IRL , but you sir really piss me off.

Have you ever dealt with severe depression?
 I deal with it every day of my life.

Have you ever been suicidal?
I have, and only now can I look back and thank fuck that I could be helped.

And if you care to actually get your trolling arse off reddit and check out  some facts you will find plenty of creditable information on the physical aspects of severe depression. However, I doubt you will do this as it will take away precious time from writing ridiculously contrived replies to serious conversations.  




 Hi, its been 2 months since your post and I was wondering how you were doing?

Hope life is treating you well. 




 You clearly have no experience of depression. It IS at the worst  times the most unbearable pain and it does have excruciating physical effects. Imagine wanting to rip your own heart out to take away the sadness, anguish and pain. Now live with that every minute of every day. 




 In my experience, depression IS some crazy fucking mental illness. Try living with it for 20 years or so and see how you feel...then judge people however you want. 




 In the depths of despair you can truly believe that by killing yourself you are relieving the surviving family of the 'felt' horror of having to see you down, despondent and hopeless everyday. You truly believe in your heart that they will be better without you and they will be able to do more, and in fact be happier without the pressure of having to 'look after' or care for you. In deep depression you have no self worth, thoughts of suicide come along and all you can see is how much better everyone's life would be without you there.

You cannot judge a man unless you have truly walked in his shoes. 




 It was most certainly not spiderbro! I have a tiny spiderbro in the kitchen and have been using him to get more accustomed to arachnids. This bastard was big, mean and hairy!  




 I have never been brave enough to kill one before...and it was fricking huge! 




 Thank you kindly for that explanation! It seems a little like the job benefit system over here. If you don't have a job (choice/situation or whatever) you receive reasonably large amounts of money from the government to 'provide' a basic living allowance. A lot of people use this system to exploit loopholes to gain free childcare, tax exemption,  medical cost exemptions (dentistry and ophthalmology) and live very comfortably without working at all. My husband and I both work, but have to pay all childcare costs involved as well as medical costs and our taxes, as we do not qualify for any assistance despite the government wanting both parents working and promoting 'benefits' to encourage this.
All I can say about having a second child is that it is actually a lot easier than I expected, and when they are slightly older it is lovely to have them playing together to allow me some time to do housework!

Good luck! 









 That's fair enough, as I said I'd fully understand health implications. Even in the UK it is highly probable that a woman will have an elective c/section after a previous c/s. 
I struggle to understand the US health system and how those less advantaged are able to ensure that they have good medical advice and assistance during the antenatal and birthing period (and at other times). In the UK I have had two children, both times in hospital (inductions due to pregnancy induced medical conditions) and I couldn't imagine how we could have afforded medical care on top of the costs a baby alone brings. I hope all goes well and that your SO has a trouble free birth! 




 totally 









 OP out of interest why do you deem a Cesarian a 'regular' delivery? Obv if there are health implications I'd fully understand, but otherwise surely you'd be saving money by a standard vaginal birth?
(I'm from the UK and always suprised by the tv programs showing US hospital births - there seems to be a LOT more intervention and medical assistance than I have experienced over here. Only going by what I've seen about the US on tv though so feel free to correct me!)
 




 [unsuprisingly](http://www.google.co.uk/imgres?q=boo hl=en safe=off client=firefox-a hs=XSO sa=X rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official biw=1150 bih=665 tbm=isch prmd=imvnsb tbnid=XAhjanvqtfXwfM: imgrefurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boopics.html docid=h1-joL2B_s1msM imgurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boo4.jpg w=500 h=607 ei=GrKxTqSBIsLd8QOE0bm9AQ zoom=1 iact=hc vpx=98 vpy=164 dur=2369 hovh=247 hovw=204 tx=34 ty=268 sig=107193892808607956253 page=1 tbnh=145 tbnw=119 start=0 ndsp=20 ved=1t:429,r:0,s:) 




 damn cant make out the text... 









 I always loathed taking medications and am currently debating my current meds as they are making me disconnected rather than enabling me to cope. For myself it was accepting that this will get better but may never go away and recognizing that I have a chemical imbalance that requires medication (I don't make enough serotonin and therefore fall into deep depressive episodes). If I were diabetic and not making enough insulin I'm sure I wouldn't think twice about medicating. Is there really any difference? I struggled for a long time with the concept of anti-depressants and feeling a failure for having the depression. I would go on and off meds believing I was 'better'. Sure I would be for a while, but unless I stayed well away from anything disruptive to life or stressful it all came straight back.

I have just started another round of counseling for CBT to try and help out with the depression and anxiety issues I have. Not sure how it's going to go but willing to do the homework and listen to what they say.

I have often though about ending it all, but thankfully have managed to talk to someone in time. It is hard to stay positive and to deal with the good days and bad days (esp when there are usually more bad than good).

Keep talking, keep social if possible, tell the docs/psychs if the meds aren't working. 




 my baby starts school tomorrow, this post made me cry. 
























 Some by lightening, but sadly they are looking into arson for the Waldo Canyon fire. I hope they are wrong about that though. 




 Just wanted to say Thank You for what you guys do. 




 Wow, way to categorise everyone and cite an article from 2010.... 




 We love you and your firefighters. 




 Well, I'm in Colorado and trying to reach out to other CO people and the people across Reddit who have specifically asked how they can help in various subreddits. It's not my fault if, when the California and Texas fires happened, no one looked to social media to try and spread a message of help. I wasn't on Reddit back then, but if I had been and I had known a way to help, I would have posted it here. 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Us too, we had seen it coming back from the Garden of the Gods and thought it would be great to take the kids. Good news is that they are already saying they will rebuild. Very positive people considering the circumstances. 




 This is a good point, many centres are v limited on space at the moment and are asking people to call ahead to be sure thay can store/accept the offers. 




 if you check my profile, you will see i just learned to self post. 




 Doing my best, damn wait times on posting :-)
 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Ok, I will try that. 




 how the f* do I make a self post? :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Will do. 




 Great link :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Also http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 How to help...

http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

All the official info on what is needed. 




 Denver 7   9 news websites both have lists of places you can donate to. 




 I think there are some Daddy issues here :-S 














 Haha 




 I know, I'm one of those women. 




 But that does not work with having a two and a half year old, does it? 

Edit: ok, this was bugging me but it is 'technically' possible. They youngest is 8 months, the next is 10 months older at 1.5yrs and the eldest is between 10 and 16 months older and still classed as 2 years old. This would mean the mum had fallen pregnant, at least one time, the month after giving birth, but stranger things have happened! 




 Thank you :-) 




 She only wrote the answers :-) 









 Erm, yes it was LOL. It was also the only time we did it within that window of opportunity :-) 




 Yeah, you get some pretty lousy comments from people trying in their own ways to be kind or 'helpful'. Do your best to ignore them and certainly try not to dwell on any of the 'what ifs' and 'if onlys' that will be running through your head. People panic in these situations and for the most part don't even realise how offensive they have been.

You need time to grieve, I always think of my 1st baby as the angel that allowed me to have my two children today.Y 




 Thank you. 




 I'm sorry you are going through this :-( 

I miscarried our 1st child at about 8/9 weeks. We had just told our family on Xmas Eve, everyone was so excited, 1st grandchild and everything. A few days later I had cramps and spotting, 200 miles from home, called the local doctors who told me there was nothing they could do, take some painkillers (because thats not going to matter now) and go to hospital if the bleeding is so heavy I pass out. Started bleeding heavily the next day, told everyone what was happening, felt like a failure for not being able to stay pregnant. Family were all upset, had some stupid and shitty comments along the lines of - there was probably something wrong with it (not IT, my baby). Called my own dr when I could, got some great support and advice, took about a week for the bleeding to stop.
Talked it over a lot with my husband, decided to wait a while before trying again, two months later I got pregnant on my birthday :-) She is now 5 and we also have a 2 year old :-) 

It will be rough for a while, and you will never forget it. But the pain gets easier, a little further away as time goes on. We bought a small trinket/model in memory of our baby and it sits high on a shelf in our living room, out of the way but never forgotten. 




 Sure, I have to say though that thinking seems to have altered slightly since I was working in medicine and that the egg bases will always be the 1st call of doctors due to the relative ease of production and costs.

The 1st link I have is from John Hopkins. It doesn't detail the list of alternative vaccines, it simply states that others are available for children with allergies. (As I said in my OP I seriously doubt any sane vegan parent would stop their child from recieving the vaccine regardless of it's base, a good friend of mine who is vegan has switched to being vegetarian for her pregnancy to ensure the baby is recieving all the nutrients it needs, she accepts the vegan way of life for herself but is willing to put her child first).

http://www.hopkinschildrens.org/Flu-Vaccines-Safe-for-Most-Allergic-Children.aspx

The link here, has a small paragraph indicating a limited number of yeast based vaccines
http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q=vaccine%20ingredients source=web cd=5 ved=0CHsQFjAE url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chop.edu%2Fexport%2Fdownload%2Fpdfs%2Farticles%2Fvaccine-education-center%2Fvaccine-ingredients.pdf ei=y2XeT6-gL6eU2wXQn9XhAQ usg=AFQjCNFM8W-5bm8Blsi1OYx9LbTH63Ed9A sig2=byz09DebXLtdphzL2CthYA

Sorry for the huge links, I am still getting to grips with my tablet.

On further reasearch the evidence for requiring/developing vaccines based upon alternative bases is waining due to incresed developments and reasearch into egg allergies and the benefits of administering vaccines to people with egg allergies outweighing the inherant risks. 

The scary part is how much I have seen today supporting the anti-vaccination programs. There are some very scared people out there :-S
 




 or fresian? 




 Actually, in the UK there are alternative vaccine bases for those people allergic to eggs. 
None if the vegans I know have refused their childrens vaccines because of the base though. 
I think a lot of the time vegans are demonised because of the extreme views of some.
What about all the non-vegans who refuse to vaccinate because they are 10 years behind in the news re vaccines and autism?
 




 Logged on to upvote everyone who correctly identified a TORTOISE in the image. 




 Why are people so rough on Aurora? We have been living here for three months and it is friendly, quiet and beautiful! Are there two sides/areas to Aurora? Because people always say negative things about it!

Edit- I accidentally a word. 




 I can't read it. 




 I lost it at 'cockshots / vajayjay pics' , but seriously, good luck with your new woman :-) 




 Wow, a SI_Bot fail!
 




 Why not try Denver Zoo? Im sure they would do a zookeeper for a day package! 




 That is the saddest TIL title I have seen (today)! 









 Seriously, I have just finished eating one of those :-)
 




 No, you aren't new, you're an asshole.  




 WTF did I just read? 




 Wife here - he gets a slap because my boobs are not that low down! 




 I love that color, I used to be black cherry red :) 




 This lightener was designed for red/brown hair - it was a blue based one! 




 Ooooh, purple grey....that must have been fun to get back to a 'regular' color! 




 Hahaha I was too traumatized to take pics when it happened! It was bad enough for the stylist to go 'Oh MY!!' when I took my hat off! 




 I used a lightening solution to change my hair from red/brown to light blonde. Despite following the instructions **exactly** I ended up looking like the lovechild of Lucius Malfoy and Carrot Top (yes I know they are both guys). So, what have you done to make yourselves look better that you immediately regretted? 




 huge, huge upvote for you 




 Thats true, but he has used the phrase before in school and been warned about it. My 5 year old knows that some things are not appropriate to say i.e. calling her little brother a poo head. I certainly agree that it is by no means sexual assault. 









 We've been together 12 years and my husband still does this :-) 




 Just checked the friends facebook page (Jayme Arrasmith) and it looks like she has been found safely.

Edit: changed sister to friend.
 




 Not the 1st time he has done it, nor the 1st time he has been suspended. Maybe he needs to be reminded about boundaries and acceptable speech again! Still think it is an over reaction from the school if the story is exactly as printed though. 




 Seriously? What are you, 10? 11? Mind you, you're a jerk whatever age you are if you speak to people like that. 




 And this is WTF because.........
 




 I'm doing the sponsored walk in Denver this weekend in aid of March of Dimes :) 




 It was Smokey Hill I couldn't get into :-) Thank you though! 




 The same bed?
 




 That sounds great for the kids! Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-)
 




 Thank you :-)
 
























