 http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Are_good_grades_important
the only thing that's changed is the qualifications of what is a "good grade." straight A's will always get you into college, even if it's not MIT. 




 How to duggy 




 I really wish I had an "I'll start," but sadly that's not the case. Do tell though. i think it makes people happier to know there's a reason to have faith in humanity! 




 well I guess that's okay. It can also be hard to see through the smoke sometimes :D !  




 Pineapple. Dead center. Ish. Don't be that blind. I'm too poor to get good "equipment." or anything besides a crappy camera. Like I said, you should send me a really awesome thousand dollar one and I'll re-do it.  




 I'm actually not able to enhance it, I tried downloading a couple programs but my computer's a little bit not high tech enough. If you wanted to send me a much better camera then then cheap one I can afford, I'll gladly take another one and PM it to you!  









 GIVE ALL THE UPVOTES 




 One of the few times I'm glad my computers slow and plays GIF's in slow motion. 




 It only goes up to Quad xp. And that's only if you have double xp from a coin or something like that. That's what they said when the game was released. Still not worth it for a coin, lol, but prettay cool. 




 Completely immune :/ to everything 




 Yeah I will admit that EVERY time I play that map there is SOMEONE there, I've started skipping it because it gets so bad. You're right, it does suck because it's one of the ONLY maps where you can actually have sniping battles, not quickscoping and smgs. 




 I saw a clan trying to do it. There's a wall, and you can just jump through the spot on the wall. I really doesn't take much effort, I can see a very rare chance of someone finding out about it on accident. very rare, but still there. I would doubt anyone would get banned "on accident." 




 Nice, thanks for that, but actually I saw a clan, of course, trying to get in it and I figured it out for myself. I was just expressing my opinion, you don't need to call me a liar. And I can honestly say I have no idea what cod 1337 is. I agree with what you said in the last part, though. I guess my opinions changed. Just be more cool, man. 




 That's true, and I forgot about that. They still need to stop making it so easy, though, lol. 




 I feel like it's really uncool of them to put something so exploitable in the game. I mean, I found it and now it's like, I didn't cheat to get it, you gave it to me. They need to patch it and stop doing this, like the prestige tokens. Why should people get banned? They didn't mess up or change the code or do ANYTHING that they were told they weren't allowed.  




 I thought it was funny 




 I upvoted for going through and thanking everyone that responded, lol 




 1st pic: not bad, not absolutely stunning like the second one :) I vote short hair 




 Three types: TDM, KC, and DOM is one lobby, Objectives is the second lobby, and Harcore mosh pit is the third lobby option. though you can get a dlc map randomly in the regular playlists if everyone in the lobby has them. 




 How did you first get involved with clans in general?
I googled CoD clans, picked one that sounded interesting to me
How did you get into the current clan you participate in?
Last one broke up, I migrated with some members
What are the benefits of being involved with your clan?
Mw3 is terrible to play by yourself, we're a strictly "for fun" clan so it lets you play with people you know.
Has it created a community/friendships for you?
Yeah, definitely. We communicate and help each other out, joke around, and practically spend every night shouting at each other (In a good way. ish, lol)
Do you know anyone from the clan outside of xbox live?
no
If so, how?
nope
What is the goal of playing with a clan?
fun and playing with people you know
 . What methods do you use to set up matches?
Just whoevers online joins a lobby/party
Do you see a competitive future for your group?
Not at all
How do you stay in touch with fellow clan members?
Just whoevers online, party chat.

Clan name's Rise Against Gaming, changed from Soldiers of Desolation (SoD). Good luck with your project 




 I probably won't answer. 




 This is like one of those signups at the mall, except I would gladly give my email and social security number for a free Skyrim. 









 A couple questions...
   - What is the chance that we actually can achieve H3 fusion?
   - How much H3 would we need to get from the moon to continue testing? Like, how much from the moon would we need?
   - Why haven't we done it already?? 









    So there's this girl I talk to once in a while, same friend group as me. However, according to some of her friends, and her obvious actions, she has a crush on me (Yay not foreveralone!) I'm not opposed to anything possibly happening between us, however, every time we have a conversation, she makes it super duper awkward. Like, if I say I like something, she'll make a big deal about liking it too... and then it dissipates into silence. Any advice on making the situation more comfortable?

P.S. if any of you spell awkward wrong, I will cry. 




 For the past several years, I've been a straight A student. I went to high school three years early by moving to a city that had a program that allowed me to do that. I've always had a pretty good work ethic. For the past couple months, though, I've been having difficulty maintaing my school work. I've done literally no work outside of class. I scrape by by making up lies and turing stuff in late. Is there any way to get back into a system where I can get motivated? It's gotten so bad I spent more time on reddit writting this post then I did on my eight page history paper due... 1st block tomorrow. Any help would be great.

EDIT: I was diagnosed with depression a year ago, and it's been downhill ever since. 














 lololol 




 I've shouted that exact same phrase at my friends, lol "This is game frustration, chill out" if they get mad in real life. I think it's a sign that you're getting into the game. Of course, it can evolve into real life frustration, but I think a healthy array of emotions is good for gaming. Getting "game frustrated" relieves anger in real life for me, and makes the game that much more captivating. 




 What works for me whenever this happens is to sleep. And a fair amount of tears :/ Anger is what makes it go away for me. Probably really weird. But getting mad at the sadness. Determination to make it go away. Pissed off at what it's doing to you, me, everyone. For some reason whenever I feel utterly terrible I drive really fast and tell the sadness to F off, I'm going faster then it can.  




 back at ya :) 




 Skyrim: Awesome. Waaaay to many bugs and glitches, but it's the best work of art I've ever seen. if you need proof of this, just look at the sky for ten seconds in the game. 

Worst...: This pains me to say, because mw3 is my favorite game (sue me) but it really is junk artistically. Same format for everything, copy of mw2 virtually, simple menu and texture packs. Done. 




 My type of game is cod :( I know, hate on me but it's what I enjoy. However, if I bought the game because I enjoyed the story, I would be incredibly stupid. I might play the first mission. But probably not. So far on mw3, I've got 20 minutes on the campaign, and 8 days on the multiplayer. Campaigns are just gone from those games, but I'm not really into single player so I'm okay with that. 




 originally posted on wrong subreddit, then switched.
 




 Nah, i'm not sure exactly what happened but I didn't remove or edit this post. I can see why the moderators might have removed it, cuz it wasn't a question, but then it was in relation to all you guys :/ 




 As i was reading this it shocked me because of how similar my life is to yours right now, i can relate so much. I just wanted to let you know that there are people out there who understand :/ 




 I apologize, because this wasn't really a question as much just sayiing thanks. :/ this subreddit is the best, though, so it seemed appropriate :)
 




 I enjoyed this
 
























 That's such a good way of putting it. I've just been searching for so long to find someone who really cares, and wants to know me for who i am. 




 You're not alone, man. I wish you good luck, and I know that there are people who care about you. Don't forget about them. I guess it's comforting to me to know that it's not a personal flaw that makes me like this tonight, it's something that the world just happens to do to a person at the worst time. I hope we both get through it, and I want you to know i care about you, i don't care what flaws you have, I guarantee there are happy people who have worse. So don't blame yourself. 




 shitty repost, nice
 



















 It's definitely a karma whore, just look at the username of the second post 




 zip lock bag. Done. 




 eighth grade, I had this old woman in her 70's who taught philosophy. The class consisted of her lecturing for an hour and a half (she used to be a college prof.) and everyone playing games and sleeping. I usually tried to pay attention, but it was on and off.
   One day she decided to have a "philosophical" discussion, I forget what it was about. Anyway, I had an opinion that differed from the rest of the class and her (mainly because it was the only one she had taught them) so I took my side and tried to explain it. After some back and forth, she looks to the class and says "I know not all of you are as stupid as him; does anyone know the right way to think about this?" 
   And of course nobody raised their hand because they had no idea what we were talking about, but it still made me feel pretty bad. 




 Force quit it... oh wait... 




 ... This question wasn't made for me... 




 I AM NOT TELLING YOU YOU ARE WRONG. I am simply telling you that you should not tell me or anyone else that they are wrong. God is a very complicated answer, in fact its the only one that's stuck around for several thousand years. 




 Nah, just in general when you're comment specified at the beginning. If you said a purple god that rides horsies in manhattan had been disproved, I would say cool. But saying god in general/religion is wrong, thats not the same. 




 Okay. Well then I'm not going to tell you you're wrong. But you said it would appear. If there are conditions such as "this only shows its existence if it makes sure it can't be proven to exist" (which is okay,) then WHO THE FUCK AM I TO TELL YOU YOU'RE WRONG? 




 I can walk up to you on tuesday, put my face in your ass for the entire day and see if I tasted the rainbow. If not, you'd be wrong. Prove god's not in my heart (soul, spirit, all that good stuff n stuff)
And why is the burden of proof on me? i'm not the one telling you I'm right. You're the one telling me I'm wrong.  




 :) Having a conversation and having someone listen is different. And i'm not saying god is the only one that can listen or change a heart. People can do that, i hope. But What I'm saying is you shouldn't trash my faith by calling it a lie when you can't even prove you're right. 




 How do you know they're not real? Who are you to tell me I'm wrong? I'm not trying to convince you you're wrong. I'm not telling you you're wrong. I believe you're wrong. But who the fuck am I to tell you that? You have no authority. Stop acting like you do. Prove to me he there's any shred of a sign that he doesn't exist. then you can tell me what to believe. 




 That's a cool way of looking at it. What gets me is /r/atheism. They post thousands of posts trashing my faith, but blame religion for being oppressive, corruptible. Of course it is. /r/catholics aren't calling atheists fucking stupid. Who are they to say they know I'm wrong?
 




 I think it's however someone wants to define it, it means so many different things. To me, it means that this universe did not just poof out of the butt of an atom during the big bang. Well, i mean that's certainly possible but that it wasn't just a coinkydink. And besides. My life is very fucked up. God is the only thing on this planet that has taken the time to listen to me. 




 I don't think it's a scientific fact that they don't exist. We just haven't proven their real. If someone had a reason to believe in it, who are you to tell them they're wrong?? 




 ORLY. 




 True. 




 tax breaks for the rich create a crappy economic system. agreed. 




 I want to be black... I don't think it's going to happen. 




 Agreed. 




 propaganda. 




 PROVE HE'S NOT. RIGHT NOW. GO. 




 Right on the country part. 




 SHHHHHHH. 




 True. I guess it's just personal preference. I know a lot of people that say it should be abolished, but there's not really a good way to do that. And I couldn't possible take notes in print, it'd take waaay to long 




 Lol, watchoo talking bout yo, weed be the SHIT. Ain't not effecting mah nothun. 




 Prove he's not real. Right now. GO. 




 Why don't they just make us sign over our houses? 




 ORLY. 




 Real estate is still one of the safest markets to invest in... http://bacolodrealty.com/real-estate-tips/despite-financial-crisis-investment-in-real-estate-is-still-safe-and-profitable/
 




 Really?? come on... 




 http://csis.org/publication/terrorism-and-wmd-link-war-afghanistan
wmd's are more then nukes. They have them. They had them. 




 http://theweek.com/article/index/214846/should-kids-still-learn-cursive-handwriting

cursive still has positive benefits, and most people's handwriting becomes a mix between cursive and print. Plus reading a college prof's handwriting and not knowing cursive will not end well. 




 http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/28/us-diet-drinks-idUSBRE82R1BZ20120328
can't blame them yet, but you're prob right. 




 http://blog.laptopmag.com/dubious-findings-macbooks-sweep-consumer-reports-laptop-rankings

Stats. 




 http://www.centralfloridafancy.com/2011/06/26/financial-experts-suggesting-pokemon-cards-no-longer-a-good-investment/
Pokemon cards were the shit back then, but now it's a waste of money. Gen 1? Fucking gold. 
























