 He has been suicidal for over 7 years, since before we met. He has been in therapy for years, inpatient and outpatient, tried out a lot of drugs, was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. He has made an attempt before we became a couple, said that he could not go through with it because of me.

We've been together for 4.5 years now. There have been good days, but the majority were bad. We talked a lot. That is one good thing, I guess, like he puts it "our metacommunication is outstanding". He is a psych student, ironically. He explained his feelings of vanity in deep. I listened and tried to help. Was compassionate, held him when he cried, tried to make anything going for him, helped him through assignments and work, when he had given up on it. And I understood. I am mentally ill myself. I've had suicidal thoughts when I was younger, still fight with self-harm. I really understand how this world can seem meaningless. I found my purpose and goals. And I really tried to help him find his.

I also tried to save him in some more practical ways which included physically fighting him to prevent him from harming himself (I am not sure about the rules here so I wont go into detail)  in a mental state where he has no other goals. He does not remember these episodes.   

I don't know if he is able to be happy. I mean happy in a sustained way, longer than a few hours or a day. I feel like he might be if he had a better girlfriend. Because there is one need of him I am failing to fulfil... I can't give him what he sexually wants. (I could explain that further, but I think it is enough to say that he can only enjoy it if I enjoy it. And that is something I fail to feel or act accordingly). This is quite hard on him, despite the depression his sex drive always has been quite strong.

He is often mean to me. Cold sometimes. Angry. Saying that he'll never have real sex in his life. Telling me that I study too much, that I am not really interested to him... I proposed to open the relationship, help him find a new girlfriend, pay a prostitute... he does not want that. He wants me. And I already gave him everything, so many free days and evenings, I gave him years of myself. And with some of the sexual things he wanted - my dignity.

Then he is nice again. This almost hurts more that him being mean, because then I see what I am scared to loose.   
He says that it is not my fault, that I am not responsible for his life or his eventual suicide.

I used to abstain from bringing my own feelings into this arguments ("I will be sad if you die"). I tried to find a way for him to see meaning in his life. One time he said that he basically repeated the discussions with his former therapist with me. Lately I've come to the point where I repeatedly told him, that I don't want to be a murderer. Because that how I'd feel like if he killed himself. He died because I was not good enough. 

I know from a rational point of view that this is probably not true (though the sex dynamic changes things a bit). And that all of this is not about me, he is the one whos life is in danger...

 I am a medical student and asked a psych professor what to do if a patient has gone through many treatments and still wants to kill himself.   
His answer was: "Sometimes we can't do anything to prevent a suicide."

He had no idea what he told me there... how it hurt. No one has any idea. My boyfriends former psychiatrist (I'll call him Dr. R.) was the only one who knew. He actually told my boyfriend that if he can't prevent it, he was ready to help my boyfriend anyway, support him while he is still alive. Dr. R understood. He was so relived when I emailed him, relieved that someone hat established a rapport with my boyfriend, that my boyfriend had let someone come close to him.  
That was right in the beginning of our relationship. Inpatient treatment followed (after I had convinced my boyfriend to try it). Dr. R. retired 2 years ago. I miss him. He was the only one beside me knowing and truly understanding my boyfriend.

And the only one understanding what I have been going through.

On good days I manage to do everything my boyfriend wants. And he is happy, has a thousand ideas, cuddles... 

On bad days he says that I am sadistic because I am keeping him alive. He asks me over and over to let him kill himself.

And I am scared that at some point I'll say yes. So all of this ends. I'd never have to have sex again. I'd have time, I would be free in my decisions. I am not a good person.

_____________

Thank you for reading. I don't know if I'll be able to reply to eventual answers... But I'd really appreciate your advice on my situation.

EDIT: Reading the titles of the other posts I remembered something: he has extremely important exams in June. I don't know if I can do anything if he fails them. That will probably be the end.  

**EDIT2: Thank you for your answers. I am sorry that I did not reply individually... I lack the energy to do so right now.** 

















































