 I would love to see a viewsync or something from Anderz, Keralis and the others that were in that same town, so I can figure out who is shooting when etcetera. 




 Oh was it Keralis? I just watched Anderz' episode from the edge of my chair, I think his video is shorter than other people's episodes. :( 




 The custom death messages are part of Flan's mod, I don't think you can change that. 




 Then you haven't seen Anderz' episode yet. That cliffhanger!! 




 I was told there are 49 people from Amsterdam with a clubcard for PEC Zwolle, while there's only 1 person from Emmeloord and 1 person from Urk (two places near Zwolle), lol! 




 I work at a Dutch football stadium and I can confirm Ultras can be great people. I always work at the unit underneath the Ultras stand. It was a bad day if our unit hadn't been shaking on its base. I just love the ambiance and the way they support the players on the field.

I am glad you are okay after the riot! 




 Welcome back! 




 I literally just tuned in to the stream when he brought his face really close to the camera, oh my xD 




 Me too! I started the map but I got really frustrated because of all the mobs, but I had a lot of fun trying to find more secrets and playing with MineChem. 




 If you don't like it, don't watch it and don't come here tell everyone you don't like it. It's so easy to avoid a video on YouTube. 




 Thanks for fixing that. I'm sure /u/parcel31u would appreciate it. 




 I still think it might be the person who donated the most money to be whitelisted on the server for a day. It might have taken a while before they could verify it was him who donated the money etcetera and the videos from yesterday and today all have probably been recorded around the same time. 




 I think they will get it eventually ;-) 




 No they have to rename the paper in the anvil and then insert the piece of paper in the hopper. 




 They are starting to figure it out at the end of the episode so I guess I can tell. They have to collect the books and have to make a word like they were trying. So 1E means the first letter is an E, etcetera. 




 That's really cool! :D 




 It's too bad I've seen the Yogscast play this map because I know where this is going, but this is hilarious anyway. Too bad they didn't watch the link as well :D 




 Absolutely. His tutorials are very clear, he told the last few bits I was missing until I understood bee breeding completely. 




 Maybe it's a repeatable quest. I'm not sure if they count in the x% completed under the chapter names. 




 Yup, same for me. Had the B-team flair for a while, then Team 77 Chads of Anderz during UHC, followed by Team PWN till the end of UHC. I recently started watching more Mindcrackers than just the B-team like I used to and they are indeed equally awesome. Although /u/TranceRealistic's solution is also a possibility lol! 




 I do not have a "best" mindcracker, I literally can't decide who to choose for. I'm "too new" to Mindcrack to have an awesome vintage flair :( I had B-team for a while but just recently started watching other Mindcrackers again, and damn they are all amazing people! 




 One of my best friends supports Ajax and he said to me last Tuesday, the afternoon for the match: "Gee, they're gonna broadcast another slaughter tonight. It's Barcelona against Ajax." full of sarcasm :P 




 BUDDONS 




 I really like your picture with Aureylian! :D 




 Maybe the person who paid a lot to get on the server for a day? 




 Avidya = Milk bucket! 




 I still can't get over Duncan's and Simon's bits. :') 




 Thanks for the explanation. A sand - dirt converter is really smart! 




 Woah, TIL. 




 BTC should keep the pumpkins until Halloween is over. This is a great prank and it actually looks really cool like that! 




 Another great episode from Bdubs. I am really enjoying his content lately :) Excited to see what the secret project is! 




 Woah 6312 points already, way to go Millbee! 




 I think that's fair. The more points you have, the better you are, therefore you should be able to win so that's when you get some points. 




 That's amazing! 




 I can't see why you should adress Jamiro. If he stops posting all the videos, there will be someone else taking over his 'task' here. It's the downvoters you have to get rid off. I am actually really glad Jamiro and also NotYorkiePudding are keeping this subreddit up to date with the latest videos. I don't think Jamiro has caused any of this, it's the karmaphilic people around here. 




 I've barely ever used the 'Hot' page, only during UHC's so I can easily find the thread because sometimes it's not stickied yet. And I just upvote every video I see from a Mindcracker, it's as easy as it gets. I don't watch every single video (I'd love to but there's only 24hrs in a day and I have more than Mindcrack in my life) but it's still support towards them. 




 I saw this only yesterday, cracked me up. [Melons for Baj!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh-AkzNsjkA) 




 I saw the minion in Genny's "home RV" and I had to laugh so hard. Do you know in which video he placed all the minions? 




 Genny's laugh is best laugh. I've seen a lot of fragments in this thread but I cry tears of laughter whenever it's one where Genny loses it. 




 I like how it says "invalid side" after that lol! 




 Oh my. Tears :') 




 He should do a Zisteau level prank on Bdubs. Also, I just realised how many minions there are actually around the server. [Look at it!](http://i.gyazo.com/ff23809f8bed055e417099779dac50e7.png) 




 You have just totally brightened up my day! This is gold hahahaha!! 




 Maybe Genny's Stuff it? I remember them telling they would do that sometime. Or did I miss that? 




 Yeah I'm somewhere in the names part too :D It's a really nice surprise from /u/Guardax! 




 Minecraft with Generikb for sure :) 




 There were so many names I didn't know, lol 




 It's funny to see how everyone with a rare flair suddenly speaks. :D 




 That episode from Bdubs was hilarious. :D I had to laugh just as much as when he did the redstone on of the towers in the adventure branch from Diversity 2. 




 I believe Sev has pranked Aurey not long ago with the hamburger bun on top of the farm in Farmland. I don't know when that was exactly but it doesn't feel like it was too long ago.

Edit: yup his last Mindcrack video was from the 23rd of September. Prank video was from the 10th of September. 




 I like how you fit in in the chart how everyone's health changed over time. Sev's bar is quite impressive if you see it like this. He got low on health pretty quickly but still laste quite some time. 




 Ah, alright. Maybe you could use these quests and modify them to make them more complicate. Or you could just request end-game items from some mods in your pack. 




 Yes but they're not easy when you are on a skyblock. I think that's the difference between AS and what you're gonna do. 




 Yeah I saw those posts too. The Naga in the Nether was the strangest. 




 You could also maybe make a compilation of just the last year, so you don't have the same clips over and over again. A lot of funny moments have happened this year. 




 Yup. I think that was one of the reasons why they needed like 4 or 5 episodes for the adventure branch, where Guude and Chad will probably need 2, including this one. 




 Oh boy.. 




 Even your dirt house is preeeeettyyyyyy :3 




 The video is not even one minute in and then there's Chad's cat.. Oh my. 




 IIRC from the B-team's playthrough (or Jsano/Baj's perspective) it wasn't really anything special, water bottles or something. 




 I think the major drop after the first episode might be because the server restart was just as hyped about as with UHCs. Everyone was excited for the new season and when it turned out they would be using a world border, there were more people than just those few Mindcrackers who disagreed with it. I guess they stopped watching immediately.

edit: whoops I don't know why I already submitted. Secondly, the server reset was during the holidays. On the one hand, no one is going to college so everyone has time to watch, but on the other hand, people are leaving town for multiple weeks, etcetera. I've been away for only a week, I went to Dublin, but I missed a week's content and I never managed to catch up. I felt like I should because I didn't wanna miss anything in that early stage of the new server, but I never did.. That might be the reason why I stopped watching (I only watch one when I'm really bored, I should definitely watch more often) and maybe this is the same for others..

And now people are back in college, having less time to watch. All I hope is that it's not the end of that server already. There are still people active but they upload a Mindcrack video each two days. I expect videos from at least Bdubs and Doc today, possibly Anderz and Vechs as well :) 




 Yeah, like /u/Flawzorge said, he's not active here anymore. Try to tweet him or something. Besides that, I like your intro though ;-) 









 I could see the chest was a trapped chest but the skeleton that spawned still scared me, lol 




 Is that something unique to sevadus? 




 Why sevadus? 




 I did not know you already watched the episode, your comment didn't tell me. I just wanted to explain :) 




 You have to download the map. It's in the map section of the FTB launcher. 




 [Watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJJsaAcgKNg), it's about Bdubs' episode from last night 




 I have no idea why this gets downvoted. I know he's in university again, it's just that there might be a vlog coming soon because he's at Firstlook for the weekend. 




 Today he's at Firstlook, the biggest gaming event in the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg, maybe another vlog soon :) 




 Yeah I moved and I was really late with getting a new internet + television provider.  




 [My stream just buffered, lol!](http://i.gyazo.com/ef326141e77c06742cf201cfcc85bf86.png) 




 I feel you. Had a few weeks without internet, I ended up staying at the university until it was time to get home for dinner. 




 /u/RedstoneSlime I think this is better than /r/computercraft because 480 subscribers vs 20K subscribers. There's far more people over at /r/feedthebeast who all would like to help you out. 




 I think tricking someone with someone else's wool is just smart. It makes people think about whether or not they should trust them, especially when that person just killed someone else. They should realize that they have multiple colors of wool on them, or they should first show a color or something like that. Or there should be some sort of a plugin that removes additional wool from someone's inventory, to prevent this. 




 Yeah, of course a head would be better (as in cheaper) than 2 apples. I also understand it leads to a bit more PVP in order to obtain a head, which I don't think is really necessary, there's already enough PVP. Things don't have to go quicker. I'd rather see a team getting all geared up (iron/diamond armor, diamond sword, bow, maybe potions) than rushing into battle without being fully geared.

Maybe I wasn't clear enough. The heads are a good solution if you get low on health really quickly, like in a fight or just bad luck (like Sevadus this last season, lot of mobs around him), don't get me wrong there, but I don't think you really need it if you're well prepared or at almost full health. Which counts for almost everyone most of the time. Besides this, the golden apple works fine anyway. It's just the kill that adds another way of regenerating health, making it easier to do so. Especially near the end of a season, when there's more PVP and there's a few people left, wandering around with gear from a few other teams, it would only stretch out the last bits. They're all at full health again, very easily, and it's just "a normal PVP battle", nothing exciting to it because someone's not at full health anymore. I think it takes away a little bit of the challenge in UHC to regenerate health and to show the difference in skill. That's how I see it. 




 I actually think that's too much.. That's almost half of your total health, would make it way too easy. I assume players would drop their heads? That means that with one apple, a bit of gold and a kill, you'd be able to get quite a lot of health back. I don't like it. It's also pointless to use one when you're not even four hearts down. That's how I see it. 




 Could you explain a bit more? 




 Generikb has his computer specs and everything in every video description so you don't even have to search for his unboxing video. 




 Sorry bot :) 




 I think the Adventurer's backpack holds nothing by default until you change the forestry config file. ([Source](http://feed-the-beast.wikia.com/wiki/Adventurer's_Backpack)) But it might hold things you'd normally find in the world, like flowers, maybe types of wood/saplings? Don't really remember but I only used the Apiarist's backpack :P 




 Not much besides half of the UHC. 




 It's the top comment and the link was submitted right after this post. (Sorry I'm only 4 hours later lol) 




 Thanks! Voted again :) 









 It's nice to see he's getting better every time :D The average points per episode sure has increased a lot. 




 I did! And I will again in a few hours. School first :) 




 But why so late Baj?! :( 









 I started Material Energy^3 a few days ago and I really like it. However, I have two questions.

1. I updated yesterday from 1.4.1 to 1.4.4. This update contained a lot of new quests, but I can't seem to complete them. For example the clay quest in the first chapter. I scanned the whole pond for clay, even dug under all the sand, dirt and gravel, but I couldn't find any more than 32 clay while I need 100. Also, the next quest says there's some sort of AE room under the clay. This was all dirt and stuff for me. Is there a way to "update" the spatial areas so I can complete the quests instead of /hqm edit them? I just finished the first chapter of the quest book before I updated so I'm not that far ahead in the game. If it's necessary, a restart wouldn't be a big problem, but I'd prefer not to.

2. This question is somewhat stupid maybe, but I feel like I'm missing a lot of loot and Easter Eggs on this map. Am I supposed to literally investigate every single area? Break through walls and floors etcetera? I accidentally broke a few blocks yesterday and there was a chest, so I guess there's a lot more of these chests hidden around each spatial area.. Am I supposed to just tear everything apart? Or is there a logical way to reach these chests? 




 I started a vanilla server a few weeks ago and I'm having a lot of fun with it, even though I've played modded minecraft for most of the time. It's funny how you can fill your whole minecraft day with harvesting all your crops or shear all your sheep. However I am looking for some fun or odd goals to complete. For example, obtain a stack of poisonous potatoes. I have 7 already :D Anyone have more of these fun goals to do besides the things I'm already working on? 









 Me and some friends are starting a new server soon and like previous times, we wanna build a custom modpack. This time we're less focused on tech mods and more focused on magic mods like Thaumcraft, Blood Magic, Ars Magica and Witchery. We're also looking for a bit of a challenge, or rather adventure, so we'll probably add some dungeon mods and a few mods that add more (difficulty to) mobs.

Our question now is if anyone knows of any mods that are more tier-based. Most of the tech mods around these days make Minecraft a lot easier and once you've set up a few machines, you're already good to go. We don't want this anymore.

Also, we're looking for a mod that adds maybe a few food items. Not as much as Pam's Harvestcraft. Does anyone have any suggestions for this?


Edit: I forgot to mention we're trying to build a 1.7.10 modpack

Thanks a bunch. 




 Result: 1-0 by Stefan Nijland 




 Can somebody make a team Hatfilms flair? :) 














 Seed: 2735126617611667291

You spawn on [an island](http://gyazo.com/e96824ac3f3a3576edc18927d2da12dd) with a small patch of grass. In the distance (I have render distance at maximum though) you see [another island](http://gyazo.com/7a036c84ae96b9a6288709bf4d7bebef) with a few oak trees on it. It's just over 200 blocks to the south. Furthermore, there are two ocean temples nearby. One is close to the spawn island at X -300, Z +170. The other is close to the second island at X -470 and Z +615.

I think this can serve as a great survival map. You start with some trees and your island. You can cave down (be careful with the water) and you might spot more bits of land on your way. I have not seen a single bit of continent, only very small islands. There might also be more ocean dungeons, I don't know. 




 Title says it all. Research table is empty but I can't scan items to get my research points back because my Thaumometer says I already scanned it! I had a lot of aspects for all of them. I went crazy scanning everything on my items, even everything in my chests and ME network. I don't have anything to scan for new research points.

I am telling this because I'm curious if I'm the only one, and if someone knows what could have caused this to happen. Thaumcraft is not updated between AS 2.1.9 and AS 3.0.1. For now I gave myself 400 of each primal aspect but if this happens to more people, I think someone should look into it. I have never seen this before. I know I can go and find tons of nodes for a good amount of primal aspects and combine my way back up again, but that's not what I want. 




 I have no idea how I can get myself some sulfur very easily. I know there's a Nether ore but I have no intentions to enter the Nether at all. I don't have the resources and power to set up the laser drill (planning to do so, gonna set up an animal farm with a slaughterhouse anywhere these days) so yeah, no Nether ores for me now. I've been pulverizing a lot of coal which has a 10% chance of sulfur but I'm getting low on coal and I got pulverized coal everywhere.

Is it worth it to set up a blaze farm in the meantime and then pulverize some of the blaze rods every now and then? I really need the sulfur for yellorium dust for my big reactor. I managed to get enough stuff to finish the reactor but I can barely fill it with yellorium... As soon as I can, I'm also one step closer to the laser drill. 




 So I am playing the Ag Skies map like many of us and I set up my MFR soy bean farm yesterday. It's quite big because I can replace a lot of ingredients in the Hell's Kitchen quests with tofu or soy milk etcetera. Just wanna keep this running.

I've run into one minor problem though. Or not even a problem, but it's getting annoying. The farm is 100% soy beans but every now and then there are asparagus seeds lying around on the floor around the farm. It's free asparagus seeds, but where are they coming from? Does it have something to do with the ore dictionary? It's only asparagus seeds, very strange... 





























 Aurey already had 9k subs, Chad just 54 xD 




 Maybe you're right, maybe you're wrong. I guess we'll see what will happen :) PVP was fun, they just did the PVP event after which Sethbling moved out the border to a million blocks diameter, but I thought we were all talking about the vanilla server. There has been enough minecraft lately. Four Mindcrackers were playing Crash Landing, there were three duos playing Diversity maps (plus B-team a few episodes), there was Survival of the Fittest, there was Color of Infinity... PVP maps are fun, absolutely, but I thought we were talking about the "dead" vanilla server. I see this as two separate things. 




 I think, as far as Mindcrack even needs to be saved, they have already taken down the world border. The activity seems already increased since Halloween and the reveal of Chad as being the new Mindcracker. A lot of people are already getting back in the game and this will only increase now that the world border is gone. 




 Thank you! :) 




 Where can I find this? 




 Lol that preview for the next episode! Nice episode guys, glad you found the temple at last :) 




 Yeah me too. I was like: "where did they get all the wireless access stuff for the ME network?!" 




 That explains everything. I was already wondering whether I missed an episode or not. 




 Right now /u/brighteyes890 is in first with 8 votes :) 




 Yay for our own opinions :-) 




 Whatever, at least it's far away. That's my point. 




 Permanently gone.

edit: Out of sight until Kurt grabs it. Seth set it out a million blocks away. 




 Oh my, Chad and Vechs. Please no. 




 I live in Nijmegen so both Arnhem and Utrecht are easily accessible for me. My only problem is that I'm at my parents' house almost every weekend, which is not even near Arnhem or Utrecht. :( Maybe I can fit it in somewhere, let me know if this is becoming a thing and you have picked a date, okay? 




 [Did you downvoters need a source for that?](https://twitter.com/docm77/status/531418337423949824)

edit: First of all, this post may seem strange later tonight but the above comment was downvoted a lot before I added the source. Second of all, I am wondering why /u/jlim201's post wasn't downvoted. That's all. 




 Millbee: *oh baby, a tripleeeeee!* Can't get that out of my head. Not really a meme though.

Maybe Bdubs testing out his first fireplace followed by burning down both half his house and a part of the roofed forest. 




 Doc is also maybe releasing a Mindcrack episode tonight. 




 Yeah okay your idea already sounds more reasonable ;) 




 I just noticed this and I don't really know if it's intended or not, but it bothers me :P I just searched for a post from last week which contained a suggestion, so I used the link flair search option on the reddit here. When you click on Suggestion, it will also show you all Survival of the Fittest posts. Is it possible to change this? My guess is that it has something to do with the pink color of both flairs, it's exactly the same. If not, ignore this, I guess ;) 




 There has been a similar post but I can't seem to find it. Maybe it got deleted already, but that person had a similar idea. He said the server should be online one day per week, which I highly disagree with. Now the difference between your and his post is that you're not taking down the server for the rest of the week (and maybe pick a daily time?) but yeah. I don't think you can "force" them to get online at a certain moment. It would disturb their recording schedules, also for other series, because they are all busy with a lot of things besides vanilla server. If the guys (and girl) feel like it, they should definitely play on the server, not when we want them to.

edit: [found it!](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/2lgznw/suggestiontake_the_mindcrack_server_offline_for_6/) OP didn't add the Suggestion link flair. 




 BEFORE IT LAYS EGGS 




 GTA and Mario Kart, nice thinking :D I enjoy these 




 Oh that bathtub duck game thing, goofy stuff like that! :D 




 My part in this, although most of these, if not all, are probably already mentioned:

* Gmod! At least Prop Hunt and TTT.
* Race for the Wool!! Sips + Hatfilms vs Lewis, Sjin, Duncan and Simon
* Octodad (I miss this Duncan and Kim!!)
* Civ would be nice, Civ 5 or Beyond Earth, I don't really have any preference
* Hearthstone by Rythian
* Some sort of survival minecraft with QA?
* Minecraft bingo? That was really fun with Lewis and Simon, maybe try this with a few more people! 




 And the bees are also outside the station. I really like this series so far :) I tried to play this map but I got really frustrated because of all the mobs. It's probably better if you're with a few players like they are. They are now at the part where I gave up :P Yeah I know, I gave up rather quickly 




 I'm gonna watch all of this as soon as I get home. Had an exam this morning (which went horrible) and have been studying all day yesterday. :( 




 It sounds a lot like the meatballs like we make them. He uses breadcrumbs but you can also use biscuit crumbs or something like that. Only thing I don't use is the milk! I can tell you they are delicious :) 




 No, sorry. I tried considering it but all I can see is problems for the Mindcrackers with scheduling. Not even for Mindcrack vanilla, but also other series, especially when they pick another day every week. God knows when they record group events like Gmod, MK8 and Speedrunners. This might mess up their complete planning. You're talking about 30 people that you wanna have on the server around the same time. It's not even possible for them to be all 30 in a UHC.

Besides the recording, there's the obligatory part in it because they "have to play at that moment". If they don't, it's another whole week without vanilla content. We already barely have any content, let's not take away the time for them to finally record something. Why can't people just be patient for a Mindcracker to publish a certain episode for a series? All we want is more, more, more but the Mindcrackers are also human beings with a social life and choices and wishes. If someone doesn't feel like recording a bit of vanilla content, I'd rather have them wait until they feel like it than record it anyway with a sad face and sad voice. 




 Ooh I missed Chad's episode :o Gonna watch it in a bit. 




 Generikb. Found his Beecademy videos first, subscribed to him because I saw he did more Minecraft videos, started watching Mindcrack somewhere during season 4. 




 Implying each and every Dutch person on this subreddit uses an Arkas flair and implying each person with an Arkas flair is Dutch 




 Yeah, well.. I go to university and I wanna finish this year so I can graduate etc. ;) I am still perfectly on track with my cum laude but I wanna keep it like that. I watch streams and later videos during holidays etcetera, and also weekends. But not during the week. 




 Something entertaining to wake up to every day. I live in the Netherlands, a total different time zone than most Mindcrackers so I go to bed when it's ~6PM at the East Coast. I basically miss "your" whole evening with uploads and streams but I get to watch it as soon as I wake up :D 




 Someone mentioned Blood and Bones in the comments on the video, might be interesting. Or maybe pick up ME3 again but this time together with Etho? 




 Hi, it's me, the person with no PayPal. I just discovered it's actually really easy to work with PayPal so I made one and linked it to my personal bank account. Waiting for 2 more days so I can complete that process and then I'll probably subscribe to him on Twitch and/or become a patreon. :) Chad is actually one of the few Mindcrackers which I watch *very* frequently. :P I only miss his streams every now and then because I live in Europe and he starts streaming when it's 3AM here. But I often watch them back from his Twitch page :D 




 Take your time, Doc. Your content on both the Mindcrack server and in your own World Tour world will be awesome anyway :) Just come back to Mindcrack when YOU feel like it, not when we do so. 




 Awh man I tore up while listening to Aurey's episode :( 




 Maybe not Vanilla but they have been very busy with Survival of the Fittest. At the moment, Generikb is off to Spain with his wife for the week so you can expect minimal to no content from his channel. Maybe they'll get back to B-team action when Etho finds the mesa deed. Bdubs gave some strong hints in his latest episode. 




 yeah. I'm not sure when he said he would be doing a Road to 10k every two days, I think it was one of the episodes of last week. But I know he was moving and he also mentioned a few things on Twitter. He also had internet problems. 




 Millbee moved and got off his schedule. He said yesterday that there will be videos again today/tomorrow. IIRC he also once said doing the Road to 10,000 every two days instead of daily. I expect a Road to 10,000 episode tomorrow :) 




 This is my favorite so far, well done!! Amazing! 




 I am a complete fail at this but here's my attempt at drawing a [spooooooky reveal](http://i.gyazo.com/912a8ada8403cba6da62867c6f25a000.png) 




 This should be way faster now with Gendustry like they are doing now on the farm. I also want to make a base sometime and let it run off of bees completely but I have waited for a mod that could actually make it possible without all the grindy problems like there used to be. Now with Gendustry this is easier than ever. All you need is a buttload of power (which pack doesn't have Big Reactors?) and a lot of redstone and glowstone, which IIRC are also bee products. 




 I was trying to breed bees with Forestry and needed some help on something. I found Generikb's Beecademy and subscribed to him, not knowing that it was just a short series. Fortunately he also played around with bees in one of the FTB series so I watched those episodes as well. Then I kept watching his series (and later also the Vanilla episodes) and so I got to know BdoubleO first (of course) and later on the others :) 









 And now a bit more serious reaction. I have to write a scientific article before next Friday about our project of the last three weeks but I can't find any motivation :( I have an exam on Friday as well which I still have to start studying for.. Ugh :( 




 Haha yeah, exactly. I also think ABBA caving would have actually been funnier than just a race for the diamonds. I really liked the concept of Generikb's bedrock drag race :D 




 Yes I know because I watched the episode. But I was wondering why it was titled 'Sorry Pause!' while I was still watching yesterday. ;-) Because it is really sudden and at the end of the video. They were already done but Chad had really nothing to apologize for, until the lava bucket and the destroyed diamonds. 




 Thank you :P 




 It was fun but I wouldn't do it too often. :) And now related to today's videos, I have been laughing out loud at Chad's and Pause's co-op. I couldn't figure why Chad's episode was called "Sorry Pause". Maybe because he won? But he didn't win. Oh man and then that lava bucket! 




 Poor Millbee, although you probably could've used another picture of him than the one on the Mindcrack wiki. 




 I believe Anderz is going to as well. 




 Yay, thank you! 




 To be honest, I'm glad he didn't. His red hair is definitely a part of him now, his signature. Don't you dare to change this Chad! :P 




 At the start of the stream he tried to read some of the usernames in the chat and mine was one of them, he got it about right. But I don't blame him, my name is difficult to pronounce for non-Dutch people. 




 I have been smiling since the reveal, I am really happy for him :D 




 Happy cake day :D Were you on that picture he showed? 




 ~~Whoops I almost accidentally clicked report instead of reply..~~

Yeah, I don't have these either. I'll see what I can do because it's getting really frustrating that I can't support my favorite Mindcrackers :(  




 I don't know either, IIRC it's a subscriber only thing by Twitch. Whenever you subscribe to a channel it is possible you get some extra custom emoticons. I am not subscribed because I don't own any of the payment options that Twitch uses (I think I should though) so I can't tell you :( 




 Yeah and I can't stop laughing at his reactions to each and every subscription and donation. It's that sound it makes which makes him jumpscare slightly every time :D 




 His stream is only 3 minutes in and so far he has pointed at the camera whilst looking serious, right when I was yawning because it's 1AM.. Perfect timing.. and he immediately said he would never pronounce any username correctly after a donation/subscription. He attempted to read some from the chat (why do I keep typing Chad?) and got my name right lol! This is gonna be awesome :)

edit: I see the twitch icon in the side bar for Chad still has to turn orange! But thanks for the flair mods :) I'm sorry I forgot to use the OMGChad flair, was too hyped. I have been very bouncy the last 24hrs since he revealed himself. 









 Try /hqm edit and shift click the quest. That way you can manually complete it in the cheat book. Then just throw it away (or store it somewhere until you run into a similar issue) and maybe throw away the flux capacitor too if it is a consumption task. :-) 




 Aw man too bad! I really liked how the first pumpkin looked like with the details from the Jack o'Lanterns and sideway pumpkins. Well done :D 




 Only 2.5 weeks late, but Beneficial NewcumberChad :D 




 I don't think there will be a spoooky_ghost flair, just an OMGChad one, which I'm going for as soon as it's available. 




 If you translate his name it means "good sand" 




 No you were not. I was really excited and cheering out loud when he revealed his face. I have had several theories in the past week, including Chad. It had to be a newcomer. Although it would have been a huge prank like Generik wanted to do sometime, I had never believed he would've managed to. I thought for a while that it might be the person that donated the highest amount of money during the marathon, but this went on for the whole week and this would never be possible in 24hrs. BTC was also an option but he was way too busy, he started a few new series lately. It had to be a newcomer and Chad has made the switch to YouTube with gmod, Mario kart, diversity etc etc. I am really happy for him :D 




 It was, read his tumblr post :) 




 I like Chad's montage :D His cat prank is so epic! And he actually rebuilt the whole barn, my god. He sure made the Mindcrack server alive again as well, I hope it stays this way! :D I predict a co-op of Aurey and Chad bringing back the barn soon :) 




 Seems legit. Can't wait though, finally no longer undecided :-) 




 I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS HAPPY IN MY LIFE!

edit: waiting for an OMGChad flair 




 Refresh ALL the things! 




 I can see you don't, your username seems Dutch. (Hi, fellow Dutchie here) 




 My boyfriend started the Netflix series House of Cards and he really likes it. He keeps telling me he does :P So maybe check that out as well! 




 What if your reddit username was ghost... 




 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH 




 Every time I see a Free Talk Friday thread, all I can think is: where did my week go?! 




 I also think it has to be someone from the server because he gets around the server SO easy, knows exactly where to go. Anderz was really fast but the ghost knew exactly where Anderz was. 




 Thank you. I thought I was going crazy, I remembered it the other way around of what /u/ThinWhiteMale said :P 




 Haha it's okay. This is awesome anyway! 




 Oh my god I quit when it said [Herobrine joined the game](#spoiler) lol 




 Don't witches drop glass bottles or sometimes even potions as well? I know potions are a rare drop and the witch has to be drinking one, but glass bottles are not a rare drop from witches either. 27 items! :-) 




 Denial post? :D 




 Yeah I know, so Aurey was too early 




 Aureylian was too early as well, am I right? 




 True :P
edit: oh and YOU TOO! 




 I didn't even realise this until now, oh man! But that would mean both Etho and Juicetra should die first. I bet that'll be one (or two) hell of a fight(s)! 




 Dat flair though. The mods are really into hypeing (hyping? spelling?) this. 




 Oh man, I was like YAAAY B-TEAM! but it didn't take that long until NOOO ETHOOO 




 Ah, yeah I watched his complete Diversity 2 series with Guude and commented on a regular basis, not every episode. I don't like Gmod Slender but I'll try and watch more TTT and Prop Hunt :D It's just about finding the time since I'm in the middle of my exams. 




 I don't have a credit card or PayPal or whatsoever you can use these days to donate/subscribe on e.g. Twitch, same goes for Patrons. I would LOVE to help out :( 




 I would like to see some facecam action! Let's see how they freak out from some sort of random gunshot nearby :D Also what /u/Marscall already said, some sort of episode marker. 




 You are really close to Bdubs! B-team!! :D Or is it his lookalike? 




 They would have to ask the Flan's dev. 




 Thank you. I am now on Mhykol's server and that one's okay. Just my own internet crashes every now and then but I can connect and play. 




 I can't seem to connect to BTC's fan server. Is it whitelisted or is it my connection? 




 Lol I hadn't even noticed the banner until now. Bad person . I like the downvote hover warning and the News flair a lot :) 




 Hmm must have been episode 1 then :P 




 Anderz killed Keralis. The death messages are confusing but left person shoots right person ;) 




 I thought I had read that Juicetra is near Generikb 




 Yeah I think so too.. :( So far I know Anderz throws grenades at Keralis because he hears him go mental with the gun in that house. I still don't know who was in Anderz' building though! 




 I have watched Anderz and Keralis now and I can confirm Anderz was throwing the grenades at Keralis. He was also the person that went mental with all the shots Anderz was hearing.

I am really curious as for who took away the thing Anderz put near the door! (Forgot the name) Because it was gone. That was probably what he heard instead of what he thought was the bear trap. Speedy was miles away according to the maps. 
























