 Cat.  




 Thank you for watching out for the little guys :)  




 This makes me want to go hug my mother and thank her for everything she's done for me.. :( 
 




 Ellie  




 Aww goat loaf!  




 The teeth ಠ_ಠ 




 Snap. *sigh* 




 I called her again this morning. She claimed I called her first and when I told her that I only called in response to her leaving a voicemail, she said her friends did it. Then she apologized and said it won't happen again and hung up. 

I googled her number, nothing..  




 Today I got around 10 calls from an unknown number (one of them being a FaceTime call). I typically do not pick up calls from numbers I don't recognize but they ended up leaving a strange voicemail. There was a lot of background noise but it was of a woman talking saying stuff like "we're in love, my husband, etc." A little curious now, I called the number and asked her what was going on and why she called me so many times. Same background noise.. she said she was part of a real estate agency and then apologized and said it was her son playing with her phone. As I was about to hang up, she asked me "do you love me?" uhhh.. I replied with "what do you mean?" and she said "I'm your real estate agent, do you love me?" 

I'm kind of freaked out. Has this happened to anyone nearby?  




 I'm not looking or wanting to get back with him. I'm just asking about the guilt I'm feeling.  




 I started dating my ex when I was 17 and he was 16, we were best friends and we dated for 3.5 years and were in love for most of that time. Last september, after fighting a lot, I started to drift away from our relationship and felt extremely taken for granted. I heard about the site POF (a dating site) and signed up, just because I wanted someone to talk to, not for the purpose of finding a date. But, I began talking to a lot of guys and really began putting a lot of time into talking to guys I met on there and neglecting my boyfriend (at the time). Eventually, I met a guy who lived close to me, we had mutual friends and agreed to meet up with him. I even lied to my boyfriend and told him that I had a doctors appointment after classes and had to go home earlier than usual, just to meet that guy. We ended up having sex twice and haven't really spoked since. 

After our last meeting, I called my boyfriend and confessed what I did. He was absolutely crushed but wanted to stay together since he loved me. But, I told him that I no longer loved him or found him attractive so we decided to stay friends. I didn't really feel any guilt at the time because I felt as if it was justified at the time (due to the way he sometimes treated me during our relationship). 

A few weeks later, I started seeing this guy who I was really into. My ex was furious and questioned how I could move on so fast. He told me he hated me and never wanted to see/speak to me again. I tried multiple times to talk to him since then without success. He still hates me and still doesn't want to talk to me. 

Since then, I've been really happy in my relationship and he's been dating a new girl and they seem happy. But, recently, I've been thinking about our relationship and the things I missed about it. I don't miss him but I now realize how close we were and how much we had in common. Sometimes, I'd just think about things we talked about or the little inside jokes we had. I feel extremely guilty for what I did and I fully deserve the way he is treating me now, I do not expect him to forgive me. I brought this upon myself as I was not acting in a mature way about the whole situation from the very start but the guilt is really eating me up inside. I miss my best friend but I am absolutely in love with my current boyfriend. I do not know what to do about these feelings. I feel so guilty about (a) what I did to my ex, and (b) how these feelings about my ex might affect my current boyfriend. 

tl;dr: cheated on ex/best friend, he cut off all contact, we moved on with our lives and I'm happy in my current relationship but I feel extremely guilty.  




 I basically met the man of my dreams a few months ago, we started dating and everything is going amazing.. but I can't seem to let go a few aspects of his past. I know it's irrational, pointless and quite frankly none of my business what he did in the past but it still bothers me. He lost his virginity to one of this high school teachers at age 15. I've asked him about it but he only gave me a vague recollection of it and told me not to worry about it.. yet I still do. How do I go about forgetting this? 

**tl;dr**: can't accept the fact that boyfriend lost virginity to his high school teacher.

 
























 I apply anti-perspirant right after getting out of the shower. Definitely helps a lot. 




 What a brave mama. Just goes to show how much emotions animals truly have.  














 I'll splurge on foundation and eyeliner but never on mascara. I find a lot of drugstore mascaras are just as good as the high end ones!  




 I just came back from the vet and they found about 7 bites on her. They gave her a week's worth of antibiotics and she's looking good so far. Thanks for the help everyone :)  




 My cat was playing in the backyard today and the neighbours cat crawled from under the fence and started chasing my cat. She got really scared and ran inside but it wasn't until later that we realized that the other cat bit her twice on her butt. We applied some polysporin but she is walking sort of funny now. Both my cat and the neighbours cat are up to date on their vaccines. 

We're taking her to the vet in the morning but I was just wondering if anyone could provide any info regarding what to do otherwise? It's my first experience with a cat bite. Kind of panicking right now :(  




 Kristen Stewart and Kristen Stewart  









 Canada doesn't use pennies anymore so technically, it isn't worth anything.  




 Which pizza do you take off first? 




 My cat loves watermelon, too.. But can only eat it if I chew it up for her.  
























