 your transformation is one of the best i've seen. how long did that take? 




 damn that was dark and smart. i like 




 Love it. Thank you. this is the reason I posted. To see what other people know. For supplementation do you mean the non-natty athletes?  




 whoa this is super interesting. thanks for this 




 yoooo yeah you've told me before and you're absolutely right. i just wanted to add for the macros trend, even if you think you're eating right, remember to watch sugar intake too. no substitute for eating clean though 




 Swimming is great cardio. Something funny and kind of counter intuitive: the worse you are at a movement, the more calories you'll burn while doing it. So in a way, if you're bad at swimming or your technique isn't the best, it's actually better exercise because you'll be expending more energy to do your laps. 

And yeah, if you have the energy/ time, more than 3x a week is even better. Go for it! 




 That's cool. I'm sure you're right. Thai fighters that fight on a more international level aren't going to be able to win by standing right there and trading with someone that actually moves around to avoid the shots. I think Buakaw has pretty good movement too. Don't know if its dutch kickboxing, but yeah 




 Hey, it's great that you're trying to make a change. What "ShitLordStu" says is right. You definitely have to start by monitoring your food intake. If you're willing to track your meals, I'd suggest starting with http://iifym.com/iifym-calculator/ 

it definitely helped me a lot. If you don't have access to weights or machines, it's really not a problem. Start with cardio and body weight exercises. Sprints 3 days a week, and depending on your ability, start with pushups, situps, jump squats, pistol squats, pullups (if you have a bar). You can definitely use the heavy bag for cardio if you have gloves. Bike is a great form of cardio too. 30 minute high intensity bike rides would help a lot.  




 As someone who suffers from this, I started to look into the topic a bit more. I know the most truthful and basic answer is calories in vs. calories out, but I've been tracking my food for a while, and still been frustrated by my lack of results. I thought there must have been something I was missing. If you're pretty lean up top but seem to be storing fat down low, it could be a hormonal imbalance. 

Estrogen and testosterone are frequently deemed the "female" and "male" hormones, respectively, but both sexes have the two hormones. Males that tend to store fat on the back of the triceps, the hips, buttocks, and thighs are likely to have higher levels of estrogen. 

One of the biggest causes of estrogen/testosterone imbalances is blood sugar levels. A lot of males vary in their ability to metabolize estrogen, some bodybuilders and athletes can eat up to 6 donuts a day and still look absolutely ripped. But, other males can be very sensitive to sugar, and this can be one of the leading causes of weight gain. 

Hopefully I can post some progress pictures soon, but I'm definitely seeing some good results after regulating my sugar intake. I'm 23, 6'0, 175-180 lbs. I've been eating about 2200 kcal, (165C, 220P, 73F #iifym) and 60g of sugar, and it's definitely helped a lot. It was hard at first, I think there was some level of sugar dependency, but after about 2 weeks, it started to get a lot easier. For some people, every calorie may be the same, but I learned that it definitely isn't the case for me. Getting carbs from an apple vs. from a donut has very different effects on me. 

Obviously I'm no endocrinologist, and I'm still pretty new to this, but I noticed that there wasn't really a thread for this topic. I'd love to hear /r/fitness thoughts and experiences on it. Here are some pretty good links I read. 

http://www.ion.ac.uk/information/onarchives/autumnbiosignature-modulation-weight-loss-through-hormone-balance

http://robdaquila.com/2012/04/23/blood-sugar-imbalances-can-alter-estrogen-and-testosterone-levels/

http://functionwell.com.au/addressing-testosterone-and-estrogen/

 




 correct me if im wrong. seems like there is significantly less use of angles in thailand muay thai. they stand and exchange directly in front of each other. other than stepping out at a 45 to throw the roundhouse 




 watched every game season and post season and have to say i agree. when cp lets blake lead the break, and blake picks it up early and gets to the rim, it's fine, but yeah. when he tries to dribble past the defenders.. no good 




 lol this was a sad fight. looked like a mismatch right away  




 college roommate. "bonerface" 




 i was at the game last night. AUSTIN RIVERS C L A P C L A P CLAPCLAPCLAP 




 "he's the best player in the playoffs"
"chicken fried steak"

BLAKE SHOW 




 blake is on another level... 
























 i really respect that. i'm definitely planning on knocking out far and reg first. starting work in august, so i'll have to finish bec and aud after i've started  




 2/4! you're almost done 




 yeah definitely. twice the first time through, then my review week again  




 Scheduled FAR for July 8. Doing Becker Self- Study. Thankfully haven't started full time yet, but I wake up stressed everyday. First thing I think about is, "I need to get this much done today." Sigh. Just venting. Good luck everyone else studying. Debits go on the left, credits go on the right.  




 crazy.. the things we can convince ourselves 




 are you saying you were knowingly pretending? or that you had actually convinced yourself? 




 have to say i agree. and LOL your username. guessing thats sarcasm 




 honestly this is what i think too. even when i was part of the faith i was skeptical about these people being "told" things 




 hey guys, so i grew up in church, and have only recently started thinking more critically. do you guys have any experiences with friends/pastors/churchmembers knowing things about you or telling you things like, "i felt called to tell you blah blah blah" or "i think god is telling me to tell you blah blah" or "i feel like you are going through this and this struggle" 

basically like they were being given information about you from a higher being? do you think these people are lying to themselves, tricking themselves by attributing their own subconscious knowledge/ perception to a higher being?

EDIT:

something else i just thought of, have you ever been prayed for in tongues? do you also think these people just fooled themselves into thinking they magically pray in another language? 




 some of my friends hug too much. like a hug should be over the top of the shoulders. some grab me by my waist, some touch my crotch or slap my ass. i just took it, but i eventually had to confront them and explain how uncomfortable i felt with excessive male-male touching.  




 cereal 




 LOL. i ended up watching the whole video 




 yo keep these coming. this is one of the coolest series on this sub 




 kind of interesting/scary. im a male, training fighter, so i usually feel pretty safe in terms of self defense. in my dream, i was sold into sex trafficking and forced to "service" other men. the traffickers were all pretty big and strong, so when i grabbed a knife and threatened them to make me stop, they just laughed and 3 of them jumped me before i could really pose a threat. they eventually got me to cooperate and forced me to go serve a client. he was a blonde boy, and when i walked in he said, "oh boy." and he was getting ready to rape me. then his dad called him on his cell phone, so he didn't actually do anything to me. he had a dog in the bedroom and i think it was a corgi. i remember feeling so utterly broken and powerless, and really ashamed. i looked at the dog and it looked at me back, and the craziest thing was, the only person who still treated me like i was a human was that corgi. 

maybe not scared shitless, but i can tell you i was disturbed. i'm 6'0, about 175 lbs, so i've really never felt that weak before. it also made me realize how scary it must be for girls. the fear of getting raped or kidnapped by a big scary man or group of men. shit 




 what a stud. props man 




 yeah if houston takes this one and harden gets some fire and confidence, game 7 away would be pretty scary 
























