




 Years ago I found a video online by accident and I've never been able to find it again. Here's what I remember:

-I believe the salesman was a cat of some unnatural color? He was wearing a top hat and suit and I think a monocle as well.

-He was selling to a girl. She gives him a small amount of money and he gives her a sentence, something along the lines of "the purple cat is mooing" but I've tried searching that, it's gotten me nowhere. I remember "mooing" was kind of drawn out. 

-She complains about the sentence. "What, that's it?" or something. He points out that she didn't give him much money, so she hands over some more. At this point the real abstract stuff starts. I can't remember it exactly but I remember thinking it was very strange.

-I think at the end it ended up back at where they started, everything normal, and the girl is surprised and amazed if I recall.

This was quite a long time ago now, it might have been when I was about 14-15, so 10 years ago. I may have been a bit older, but it couldn't have been much more. 




 To be honest, the DM has tried that. He'll start talking like okay, we're going to continue now, and while I generally realize, oh, it's time to stop talking and concentrate, the other two tend to... Not realize and keep talking. Sometimes he'll repeat a few words three times before they finally stop talking.

The best thing I can think of would be to sit down with everyone and talk about the issue. So far, we've just been sort of communicating about the issue over text and while others are not around, but I'm still not sure what would happen. 




 I'm guilty of it too, unfortunately. I'm not the worst offender, but I'm certainly one of them. Talking off topic and getting sidetracked is a huge problem in my group, though. I swear, we could get more done in a game, or finish a game faster, if everyone could concentrate.

The DM made a rule that conversation can only have one degree of separation (and presumably has to be kept as short as possible), but it didn't seem to help much. We also tried writing thoughts down on a note card and talking about them later, but that didn't do much good either. I can tell that the quieter members of the group that want to concentrate on the game are getting annoyed. Hell, I'm getting annoyed and I'm one of the worst offenders.

I want to concentrate on the game. I do! But there are three very talkative girls in our group (myself included) and everything reminds us of some dumb story that we absolutely have to share or something.

Anyway, I'm looking for advice. I'm not the DM, but we've talked about how to control it in the past. I would like some tips on what we can do to keep the chatter down. We don't get to play often (we played tonight, and the previous game was 4/22) because of conflicting schedules, and we can usually only play for a few hours at a time, so making the most of that time would be awesome, instead of spending 25% of it talking about nothing. 




 I'm sorry, but this is kind of awful. People who have depression or are suicidal might actually want to WANT to do these things, but they do not have any energy. I know that when I'm suicidal, I can barely brush my teeth, let alone leave the house and go on an adventure...

Another thing is that people who are suicidal do care. I know there are people that love and I care about them, too. Sometimes they are the only reason I haven't offed myself yet. So the fact that they imply that suicidal people don't give a fuck about others is kind of hurtful. I'm not saying it's true for everyone, of course.

Whenever I see this image (which is far too many times), I think that the person who agrees with it doesn't really understand how depression works. The person who wrote it definitely doesn't. 









 Bacon is exactly why I am not still a vegetarian. That tofu bacon or whatever is just not the same, I don't care what anyone says. You might think it tastes okay, but if you think it tastes like real bacon, you clearly have not had real bacon in a very long time. 









 I'm going to kill myself. Not today, or tomorrow, or probably anytime soon. I just know that I am at some point in the future. It's something I live with every day, I think at the back of my mind, no matter what my mood is, "One day I'm going to take my own life."

I'm not sad or depressed right now. I'm actually rather content right this minute. It won't last though. I know it won't. It never does. It might last another ten minutes, it might last another ten days, but either way, I'll end up at rock bottom again.

I've lived with depression for too long. I started showing symptoms when I was six years old. I was officially diagnosed when I was eight. Two years ago, I was also diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder.

I'm 24 years old. I'm overweight. I have basically no friends. I have no job, I'm not going to school. I live with my mother and brother, neither of whom can stand to be around me. I can't even try to have a simple conversation with one of them without it turning into a conversation about what I do wrong.

I'm not the most important person to anyone I care about. I'm completely unremarkable in ever way. I contribute nothing to society. There's no reason for me to really keep going.

I'm not sure why I'm telling this to reddit, to be honest. I just felt like someone should know. Even if only one person sees this. I can't tell the people I care about. I've tried in the past. They either have no idea what to do or, in my mother's case, force me to admit myself to the psychiatric hospital. Going there has only given me a safe place to be until I no longer have the immediate urge to off myself. It doesn't fix problems in the long run. Maybe for some people. Not for me.

I'm just a lonely, depressed girl. One of millions. The world is not necessarily better off without me, but it's not better off with me, either. 




 I thought the picture said "saliva" and wondered why the hell you would do something like that. I had to read the comments to realize what was going on. 




 I just came here to say that Fifth Age Taric is pretty much my favorite skin in the entire game and is the sole reason I play Taric at all. 




 Thank you! I'm looking at it now, but I'm unsure of which codes are the ones I should be posting? Is it the bug check code? 




 Basically my computer is just constantly crashing and restarting. It can stay on for about 30 seconds to five minutes before shutting down. I have an HP desktop, Vista 32-bit. It's had two upgrades in it's entire life: I swapped a 1gb stick of ram that it came with for a 2gb stick (this was about three years ago now) and I recently upgraded the video card (that was two months ago). I had been getting one blue screen before the upgrade of the video card, but also was having a lot of other issues, so I ended up reformatting my computer entirely. I'm getting the same blue screen, along with others now:

-IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL

-MEMORY_MANAGEMENT

-PAGE_FAULT_IN_NONPAGED_AREA

-A blank one with no error messages at all

The page_fault one has listed three files with it at different points: NTFS.sys, win32k.sys and CLASSPNP.sys

I am at the end of my rope. I can't afford a new computer but I really can't be without one either. 




 Ohh, heh. I thought it was weird that both my friend and I had the same thing! We level together and normally stay pretty close in % xp but this was ridiculous!

I was still kind of miffed that I couldn't go kill ONE THING to level though, haha. 









 I was using my laptop, everything was normal, then it shut off suddenly and would not turn on again. It wasn't abnormally hot, neither was the AC adapter. The green light on the adapter was off. I unplugged everything, and plugged the adapter back in to the wall, the green light came back on. Then I plugged it into my computer, and it turned off again.

I tried the trick where you take the battery out and hold down the power button. Nothing changes. I also took the battery out and tried to run it on just the AC adapter, but the same problem came up.

This actually happened a few months ago, I've been using my back up computer since then, so I don't remember absolutely everything that happened. My backup computer is having a lot of issues now so I'd like to get my laptop working again if possible. I bought the laptop in May of 2010, it stopped working in July of 2011. I did use it a LOT but shut it down when I wasn't using it for long periods.

I took it back to where I bought it but they won't fix it for free because it has a messed up USB port. The port had been messed up for a while (not sure when it happened, but I noticed it before all this happened and had stopped using it) so I don't think it's related, but I couldn't afford to fix it.

Thank you for any help you can provide! 




 I don't actually know who the girl on the right is... But, to be fair, I can't identify all the people on the left either. 




 Yes yes yes yes yes. I discovered it when I was visiting my friend in another state and she let me on her computer while she was at work. I had no idea what the game was but I was curious so I clicked on it... She came back 7 hours later and had to use a crowbar to pry me off the computer.

I was never very good, though. It was really common for me to forget to check for problems in the city and only realize it when the whole place was burning down... :( 




 Strawberries. I'm sort of a strawberry creeper at grocery stores. I will pick up a container and just sniff them as hard as I can before putting them back... I don't care who's watching, I'm gonna smell me some damn strawberries! 




 I have such a love/hate relationship with this show. I have seen every episode because I feel the need to keep watching but I get so mad by the end of it. I think I just enjoy being angry at the TV? 




 "I'm blue, da ba dee, da ba die"

I heard it as "I'm blue, I'm in need of a dime." 




 ily 




 In my state (Texas), I believe there's a law saying they can detain you for 24-72 hours once you've said that you are going to kill yourself or something similar.

When I was in the ER after attempting suicide, I was detained before being transferred to a psychiatric hospital. But while I was there, I told one of my nurses that I wasn't interested in getting help and wanted to leave. He told me that basically there was no way in hell they were letting me go. I'm not sure what would have happened if I'd tried to just walk out, but I don't think anything good would have happened. 




 I asked that same question to someone who worked at a hospital. Basically, at least at the hospital she worked at, they make sure you haven't already tried something. If you haven't yet, they keep you there and bring in someone to evaluate your mental health/stability. If they decide you are a threat to yourself, they will keep you until you can be transferred to a psychiatric hospital, where hopefully you can get the help you need. If you have attempted something, they treat you first, then just send you to the psychiatric hospital. 




 As someone who compulsively pulled her hair out, including eyebrows and eyelashes, I can say I definitely enjoy having eyebrows. I looked very weird for a very long time. 




 Unfortunately, these are the best meds for my condition. I have gone through a lot of medicine, and this is what works best, so the first person is right: I am going to have to get serious about working out. I am a little sad that my glasses are being booed. I have adored them since high school, but maybe it is time for a change. I am always willing to try new looks, though! Luckily it's that time of year where I need to upgrade my prescription :) 




 I like this suggestion! Yoga seems like it would do me a lot of good. I did some with a friend one time and I felt very refreshed after. 




 Thank you :) I am a little sad that people didn't like my glasses, because I adore them. But I am not against trying new looks! If I don't like it, I can always change it again! 




 Honestly, I did think of that. Unfortunately, while there are alternatives, they don't work as well for someone with my condition. But as for your second suggestion, the getting serious about working out... Someone below suggested yoga, and I like that. It's relaxing, and toning at the same time :) 




 Okay. I have to know. I'm tired of my friends sugar coating it for me so I'm gonna post here. I know I have very little chin; there's nothing I can do about that. I gained weight because of a lot of medicine I'm on that I will be taking for, well, the rest of my life, and it's made me extremely self-conscious.

So, that all said, here we go.

http://i.imgur.com/23bQc.png - This is an old, full body shot. I'm only a little bit bigger now.

http://i.imgur.com/FC6L2.jpg - This is my face and my hair, how they are now. 









 /r/wowtrees is such a good idea because there are so many places in WoW that are fun to be around.

For example, while I am up in the clouds, I love to mine in Deepholm. The colors just trip me out and it's just so much more beautiful. 




 I've recently found myself homeless, along with my cousin. I'm trying to find resources in Austin, Texas that can help us takes steps to getting a place to stay, jobs, etc. Neither of us have an income currently, and we are both completely at a loss for what to do or where to start. Any help is appreciated.

Edit: I should add that I'm female, and my cousin is male. 




 Big Boss. Who doesn't have a crush on him? 
























 How many girls' bedrooms do you see vs guys? Because thinking about it right now, there's a pretty even number of male vs female people in my life who live in extremely messy environments, and same for people being cleaner. 




 Honestly, this is not the first time in my life that I have cleaned my entirely too messy room to this point only to let it get out of control again, but I don't have an income. $10 a month is too much, let alone $100 or even an apartment of my own. I hope that I can keep it clean this time. I know it's early to assume that this is how things are going to be, but just getting my room this clean is a huge success. It'll be an even bigger one if it still looks like this in a month. 




 I've been diagnosed to hell and back with a hundred different things. Only recently have I found a diagnosis and treatment that is actually helping. Depression has been a major one for a long time, but briefly my doctor thought maybe I was bipolar. Last year, I was diagnosed with depression and borderline personality disorder and have been getting treatment for that, and there's such a difference. I've found meds that work, and therapy that works, and I hope this is the start of the rest of my life. 




 When a guy lives like a pig, it's "why do you live like a pig?"

When a girl lives like a pig, it's "why do girls live like pigs?" 




 Good luck!!!! 




 I get it. I lived in that mess for two or more years. I was too embarrassed to have people in my room, let alone ask them to help me clean it. I just couldn't take it anymore.

If it's too much to ask for help, at least at the point it's at right now, try and clean some of it on your own. Maybe not all in one day, or even two. Just clean one small area and keep that neat, then move on to the next. 




 I could not have done it without the help of my friend. Every time I tried on my own, I would just stare at the mess and get so overwhelmed. I didn't know where to start.

The best advice I can give is to start where you are going to be the most often. I started with my desk, then my bed, and then I just worked my way around my room until finally it was all done. Also, do it in short bursts instead of all at once. We started by doing 20 minutes of cleaning, 10 minutes of break, and by the end, I was able to work for longer and longer. Adjust the amount of time to something you're comfortable with (as long as it's not 5 minutes of cleaning, then break forever) and just remember that having a clean space will make you feel better and is something you can control in your life! 




 I've heard it before in the multitudes of therapies I've been in, but it's worth repeating because it is very true. I am in a better mood when the area I'm in is organized. 




 Thank you. And believe me, there have been pizza boxes and all kinds of gross food things in here. I hope you can find the motivation to clean, too. It helps a lot, having a clean space, even if it's just a clean space to mope in. 




 One of the reasons I got rid of the carpet for the wood floors. So much easier to clean, but damn if dust doesn't build up if you don't keep after it (which obviously, I didn't). 




 I was wondering what part gave it away. Thanks!

(also hell yeah delicious food) 




 I'm not falling for this twice. 




 Are you talking about the ancient TV? Hahaha.

I play N64 games on it because it looks better on that than it does on the huge flatscreen out in the living room. 




 We clearly aren't talking about the same Daniel. 




 Depression has a way of ruining everything in your life. It's not just being sad, it's being apathetic and unmotivated. I have very little energy for basic day-to-day activities and this took a lot out of me. 




 lmao

you know what's really funny??

that's actually something daniel would do 




 I can't stand having a bare room. I love all the stuff I have in my room! The problem is when I start keeping stuff I don't actually love and just can't throw out. 




 holy shit! yeah hey!! it's been a while, damn. i can't believe you remember what my room looks like. 




 my room is clean. who is this though?? 




 Will do! :) 




 This actually really, really does work. I would watch that show, even just commercials of that show, and think, "That's going to be me one day."

Then I decided, no, that is NOT going to be me one day. 




 WHAT THE HELL 




 It took a lot of effort and honestly, a few times, I just wanted to sit down and quit. I was just so tired of living like that, it sucks. I've lived in that mess for far, far too long. I just had to remember how much better I'd feel when it was finally clean, and how much easier it is to upkeep a clean room than it is to clean a room that is this disastrous. It didn't hurt that I had a friend urging me along to keep going and helping me out.

If I can do it, I bet you can do it too!! Just take it one corner at a time! 




 I haven't had time to screw it up again, check back in a week. 




 i got that poster when only the first movie was out okay!! honestly the first one is still enjoyable if you ignore the next however many that came out :P

and thank you!!! 




 hell yeah!!!! 




 Thanks! :) 




 It didn't have doors before, and I can't afford to buy some... then I realized a shower curtain was perfect :) I really like it! I happened to have everything except the curtain rings, which cost $1.  




 Apparently it duplicated some images while uploading. Sorry about that! Don't know what happened.

This took two days and a good friend's help, and I'm so relieved to have space to walk around. And a place to sleep I don't have to be ashamed of! 









 When I was about 14 or 15, I downloaded a song from Kazaa and now I can find no trace of it even existing. I googled the lyrics, nothing useful came up. Everything else I remember is in the title. 














 Basically, I moved out of an apartment back home and somewhere along the way, my favorite set of dice got lost.

Recently though, my car was broken into... I was really upset, they actually stole a pewter DD figurine that I was going to paint and a pair of sunglasses (that was it though... so weird), but when I was going through the car cleaning out the broken glass, I found my old dice and I was so excited I started taking pictures.

So something good came out of something bad :) 
























