 Hmm, it's not like I've never rejected guys. Most of my criteria generally involves having about the same interests/sense of humour. I'm a pretty quiet, introverted person though, so I rarely approach others and really only pick from people who approach me first.  Also, I'm not very insistent on things like being paid for -- I'd much rather either split bills or take turns paying for stuff, but that usually leads to me having to usually pay for almost everything. 




 Hahah, I will consider it. But I'm pretty sure wearing a Boba Fett helmet is not going to help me get non-geeks, as suggested. ;b

The helmet's actually a pretty common children's toy from Target. It just happens to fit me because I apparently have the same-sized head as a twelve year-old. 




 Absolutely everyone is looking out for only themselves. Give them the chance and they'll all screw you over. College kids are nothing but vultures. ): 




 I just recently turned 21. Female in college with mildly geeky interests --  decent looking in my own opinion. The majority of the guys I've dated have been around my age and have just about been all-in-all uninterested in me. As in they'll rarely want to actually go out and their idea of spending time together is coming over to my apartment and then ignoring me all night to watch gaming vlogs (I only wish I was joking). The majority of them have also been pretty much disinterested in sex, saying that it's too tiring. I've had it happen to me where one of them actually told all my friends except me that I was getting fat and that I was a complete turn-off in the hopes of getting them to make me feel bad enough to go to the gym more. Another said he was into me because he's into fat girls. Reddit, I know I am definitely not [fat](http://i.imgur.com/fz0p4.jpg), but my dating history has left me pretty self-conscious.

Why is it that I only ever meet the men that don't know how to treat a lady and that all insist on putting me down? What gives? Is this just an age thing or is there something wrong with me? 




 Not really quite sure, I guess. I mostly have problems meeting people that I genuinely really want to get to know more. That and I tend not to go easy on friends. I have a tendency of cutting people off completely as soon as they do something I find morally despicable. So I guess I've been slowly whittling down my pool of friends.

That and I mostly like to spend my time alone, something which people don't seem to understand and take offense to. 




 Hamlet! 




 Couldn't agree more. Those eyes! *swoon* 




 For Asian hair, Gatsby Moving Rubber is your friend and can easily achieve that same sort of hairstyle. (: It's very easy to use too -- just take a little bit of it and rub it between your hands until it gets warm and then scrunch your hair with your fingers. 




 You look absolutely adorable, especially in the second picture. I have to agree that you have a great smile. Your teeth look fine to me. Not ugly at all. (: 




 This definitely sounds like a great idea. I'd definitely be interested. I've always had very few close friends already (I'm a fairly introverted person and find it hard to feel close to more than a couple of people at a time). Not to mention most of my friends have been male. I've only ever had two absolute closest female best friends who both turned out to be people who lied to me and spoke so badly of me behind my back to the point that it started affecting my reputation. As a result, I've just generally been uncomfortable and distrustful around girls that I meet ever since.

But, yes, definitely interested in an opportunity to finally have down-to-earth, chill girlfriends that won't be catty and two-faced. :D 





























 I wouldn't really know what to say to help since I tend to suffer from the same type of crippling social anxiety. I try not to think about it on the grounds that there's nothing I can do about something that's already been done and that thinking about it will only do me harm. 




 On the contrary, I have a very healthy relationship with my dad. He is the reason for my introduction into geekery. When I was kid, I would stay up late with him to play Super Mario World or watch Batman movies. I don't see him very much now that I'm away from home though. 




 Somehow, this doesn't surprise me. Every time someone doesn't use their turn signal, I want to kick them in the face. Especially when it ends in me needing to slam the brakes on the highway because they think it's ideal to merge directly in front of a car without signaling. 




 Get drunk.

The sad thing is that that really is the only time when I feel like I'm not being suffocated by my own introspection. 




 "Deoxygenated blood is actually blue cause our veins are blue too."
"Aren't eggs a dairy product?"
"Can penguins fly? I mean, they have wings."

All by the same girl in my introductory logic class. And I'm going to a supposedly "good" school.

EDIT: I forgot another one from my biology course. "If saliva breaks down starch, then why is it that a fry doesn't just disappear when I lick it?" I don't know. It's a close tie for whichever one's more stupid. 




 I promise I wasn't burned in a fire. I'm definitely okay-looking.

It's not like I seek out men that ignore me. It's more like they show an interest in me and then immediately drop into "I don't care anymore" mode once I express interest back. Not really sure why that happens. 




 I gotta finance my 'Vette though. 




 More like /r/shittyadvice. I don't really get how it's the business of my friends to know what my SO thinks about my body.. \: 




 I was a little puzzled about that too. Most of the excuses would always be things like "I have a headache" or "I'm too tired" or "I'm already tired from studying for orgo/chem. Not tonight." Guess that's what happens when you go to a school where most of the students are pre-med. 
























