 I have to admit that Facebook seemed to have increased the quality of my life in the past. At this point, everything looks rather gloomy. In fact, I don't play any games other than the scrabble-esque Words With Friends. In the last few weeks, I have played my move with the first word that I can think of, without considering whether it is a high-point word, just to get rid of the notification. 




 The deterrent for deleting the account is that I have some friends who I keep in touch with. Of course, I can get their e-mails and communicate with them there. But seeing updates/photos/events has been important once in my life. I'm thinking that maybe I'll come out of it. Plus, I'm a musician. We NEED social networking to remain relevant. To be honest, my depression has hampered my career, with part of it being my inability to cope with the demands of social networking. :/ 




 That being gay is a choice. 




 I'm from India where there is not too much awareness about the significance of bees in pollination. Hives are burned because people are scared of getting stung. How can we educate the masses? 




 I completely agree. I have not accessed Facebook for over the months and am considering deleting my account. Reddit is way better. 




 That's an interesting strategy. My shrink suggested that I learn to say "Good." He calls these white lies. I still haven't been able to do it. :/ 




 I'm generally careful about alcohol intake. Don't like the sensation of totally drunk or the aftereffects. 




 "I've been better" seems to be the right answer for my state. 




 I always feel like this at parties. But I can't dance and I don't get the high. Conversations with interesting people and about interesting topics. Alcohol helps me to lighten up. But that's temporary. 




 There are times when I have felt similarly lost. But I have been under therapy for over five years now and I keep myself going with some good friends and help from my boyfriend. I am a musician as well. So I set some goals in learning new techniques skills or improving existing ones. Apart from that, at times when everything out there appears so intimidating, I increase my already avid range of sports and entertainment options. For example, with the world cup football around, I'm trying to follow nations and their star players. I eventually want to follow the club leagues and competitions so that I have something to look forward to other than friends and music. 




 Like most here, I hate being asked how I feel or what's wrong. I find it hard to lie. Being honest works out easier for me and I end up saying things that end up hurting other people. I have been in a phase where I'm excessively antisocial. I procrastinate replying to personal communication and when I do reply, it is brief and sounds "unfriendly." I am off of social networking sites as well. The only good thing is that I know that I'm not alone in my struggles. 




 I am undergoing treatment for depression. During my rather "low" phases, I cannot stand the positivity floating around, especially on social networking sites. I've been avoiding them for some time now. Does anyone have a suggestion for a coping mechanism? 
























 I did not mean to make you feel worse and I'm sorry that I did. Because I suffer from depression (low self-esteem/lack of self worth/self-flagellation), I try to help anyone that I come across who is more vulnerable than I'm at that point in time. This is such an effort. I wish I could be there to hug you,  honestly do. 

I have been through similar painful situations and there has been someone or the other who has helped me. Talk to someone who is close (physically, emotionally, or both) to you. Sometimes you don't even need reciprocation - you just need to be listened to. 

Finally, I know this wouldn't make sense to you, as it wouldn't to me if someone else where saying this when I'm feeling like this - this one too shall pass.  









 A roller-coaster in which I always seem to be lost in the past or in the future, never living the moment. 




 Tigers. They are the most beautiful animal/thing on our planet. 




 I just shared my experience. I think that you should not expect people to change just because you want them to. 




 The ratings are really good. And the guys behind the fantastic podcast "The Skeptics Guide to the Universe" also think so. 




 Does anybody think that there is a movie deal behind this? 









 I don't quite understand. I have seen the USA flag used in costumes, hats, sporting apparel, etc. There must be more serious rules. On the other hand, in India, if you are using the flag for anything other than what it is, it is dangerous. 




 I don't see the codependence part in your post. I am in a codependent relationship for the last two years and at many times I have felt that I should really get out of it. I guess it is my fear that I won't find anyone else that keeps me going back. 




 When I try and imagine what it would be like to be my parents or my friends, I flinch at the thought of how disappointed they must be with me. :/ 




 This approach is what I'm gravitating toward, I think. 
























