









































































































































































 Do you? 







































 I'll start. Vegans. Yes, their air of superiority annoys me as much as anybody else, but it's earned! I know the horrors of how factory farms treat their animals, and I know it's wrong. I know I could help by ceasing to be a costumer, but being vegan is too difficult an undertaking for me. It's the right thing to do, but even knowing what I know, I can't make that commitment. So Reddit... who's better than you? 











































































































































 Because, you know... context. 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 This is sort of a USA question (it's Memorial Day weekend here), but anyone is welcome to join in and represent their own country: if politicians were required by law to have served in the military in order to be eligible for office, do you think there would be more war, or less? Why?

I know in some countries, all men are required to serve. 

























































































 Here's a pro-Christian story for you. I drained our bank account today to do laundry and go grocery shopping. I was thirty-something dollars short at the register and the nice, old, Christian couple behind me said that Jesus implores them to help me and my daughter. I thanked them about a hundred times and all they said was "bless you" in return. Some of my faith in humanity has been restored :-)

I'm an atheist and I have been most of my life, and believe me, I know all about the evils of religion and the harm it's caused throughout history and today, but we have to be willing to give credit where credit is due. 

Yes, I know it would've been better if they'd done it out of their own personal goodness instead of what Jesus would have them do, but regardless, it was a nice thing to do, and I am grateful.

TL;DR - Christian couple pays the balance for my groceries and I, as an atheist, am delighted. 





























 January 17, 2012

 

 

 

Dear Christopher,

 

Knowing your concern regarding the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), I wanted to take this opportunity to update you on my position regarding this legislation.  I have appreciated having the benefit of your thoughts on this important issue.

 

H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act was introduced by Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) on October 26, 2011.  It has been referred to the House Judiciary Committee. The primary purpose of SOPA is to stop the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites. 

 

Although well intentioned, many have raised legitimate concerns regarding the legislation and believe the manner in which SOPA attempts to achieve its goals of stopping the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites is unworkable and includes many unintended and dangerous consequences. I am writing today to inform you that I have severe reservations with the legislation in its current form.

One of the main issues regarding SOPA, is it would force Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to websites that have been accused of facilitating copyright infringement.  Blocking access will likely slow down internet connectivity, while eroding the necessary trust the system needs. It would also set a dangerous precedent of allowing our government  and others  to filter domains. Fortunately, all sides have signaled this provision should be dropped.

Furthermore, the legislation would place a tremendous legal burden on websites accused of third-party copyright infringement and would cause them to be removed from search engines.  Even if they made an honest mistake, they would be faced with litigation from the U.S. Attorney General. Fighting the accusations would cost an enormous amount of time and money, and smaller sites would likely go out of business. Private lawsuits could also be brought against the websites. This would open up the potential for massive lawsuit abuse  even though the vast majority of online piracy occurs through a small number of websites.

While the federal government does have a role in protecting intellectual property rights, it should do so in a way that does not weaken internet security, disrupt growth, or restrict free speech and your First Amendment rights. 

As the debate on this legislation continues, I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House of Representatives to ensure the needs of copyright protection are balanced with the First Amendment Rights of all Americans. Currently H.R. 3261 remains in the House Judiciary Committee. While I do not serve on this committee, rest assured I will keep your concerns in mind should this legislation, or a similar bill ever come to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote.  

 

It is an honor to represent you in Congress.  Your suggestions are always welcome.  Please feel free to contact either my Washington office at (202) 225-5456 or the district office, (603) 641-9536.  Also visit my website at www.guinta.house.gov  for information on legislative issues and follow me on Facebook at facebook.com/repfrankguinta  and Twitter at @RepFrankGuinta.  

 

 


Sincerely,


Frank Guinta
Member of Congress 




 My email to Representative Peter G. Palumbo: 

You called a teenage girl an "evil little thing" because she's an atheist and got religion out of a public school where it doesn't belong? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Actually, you ought to be dragged out of office. You know what I consider evil? A full grown adult male in a position of power publicly shaming a child who bravely challenged the system and won. You are a coward.

If anyone would like to join in: rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us 






















































 This never made sense to me. The following are considered histories:

    King John

    Edward III 

    Richard II

    Henry IV, Part 1

    Henry IV, Part 2

    Henry V

    Henry VI, Part 1

    Henry VI, Part 2

    Henry VI, Part 3

    Richard III

    Henry VIII

While the following are considered tragedies:

    Coriolanus

    Julius Caesar

    Antony and Cleopatra

    King Lear

    Macbeth 




 Furthermore, how was it ever seen as a good idea to just take someone country, divide it, displace its people, and give it away to someone else? If the UN just suddenly decided that it was going to create a (insert ethnic or religious people) state by dividing the US into West and East halves and give the Western United States away, wouldn't it pretty well expected that Americans, especially the displaced ones from the West, would get pissed? I can't wrap my head around how this ever seemed like a good idea to anyone ever. 




 It seems to me his rabble rousing "Long Telegram" instigated the whole thing. 












































 Favorite: More detailed/realistic utilitarian/militaristic all black   gray Batman without the yellow oval insignia and no more underwear outside the pants.

Lease favorite: Power Girl. How do you go from [this perfection](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/ce/Power_Girl.png) to [this garbage](http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/6/65157/2195588-pg_large.jpg)? 



















 Current roster:

Batman

Catwoman

Cyborg

Deathstroke

The Flash

Green Arrow

Green Lantern (Hal Jordan)

Harley Quinn

The Joker

Nightwing

Solomon Grundy

Superman

Wonder Woman 









 The violence of this play is actually so over-the-top, all I could think of is old "B" horror movies.

We have war, ritual butchery and sacrifice, crime of passion, premeditated murder, rape (gang rape at that), mutilation, execution, self-mutilation, cold-blooded senseless murder, torture, the threat of infanticide, cannibalism, honor-killing, child murder, consensual homicide, and if you believe Titus knew he wasnt going to live through it himself, you can call it suicide in there as well.  And layers upon layers of revenge. 














 First off, let's get the disclaimer out of the way: I am **NOT** a racist. At all. I recently moved to San Antonio from New Hampshire to be closer to my family, which, by the way, includes quite a few Mexican-Americans. 

I have a 3-year-old daughter who is white with gray eyes and blond hair. Recently, my wife told me coworkers of hers, including Mexican-American women, warned her after meeting our daughter that blond-haired/blue-eyed white girls get picked on by the girls of Mexican descent. 

Is this true? If so, why is it true? My wife didn't want to push the issue with her coworkers at the risk of offending them, but I'm worried for my daughter, who will be entering into pre-K next year. I doubt it's a problem with 4-year-olds, but I don't want her to grow up being bullied, either.

I have no problem with Mexican-Americans or Mexicans in general. In fact, one of the things I love about San Antonio is the Mexican culture, art, and food. 

Another thing that I've noticed is my daughter, being very outgoing and friendly, tends to walk onto playgrounds waving, smiling, and shouting things like, "Hi, friends! My name is _______! Want to play?" and the looks she gets from some of the kids are like... I don't know... mean. Like, "Who is the kid? Why is she saying hi to me? Why is she calling me a friend?" This got her instant playmates in NH. Here, it gets her dirty looks. Cultural thing? Again, this is the Latino/Latina children. The white, black, and Asian kids have been pretty warm to her.

Sorry if this is a TL;DR, but I don't know how to shorten it and I'm very curious.

**EDIT**: I'd be especially interested in hearing from Mexicans, especially those who grew up in San Antonio.

For those downvoting, I don't get you. This is an honest question out of concern for my daughter. It's not an attack on anybody. 














 A Monologue is a speech that is spoken to someone else, or at least another character on the stage hears it.

A Soliloquy, is a speech spoken to nobody, and only the audience hears it, not any other character in the play. 

So which is this? 

When Shakespeare writes dialog, they say what they mean. If hes talking about Love, hes in love. If hes talking about killing someone, hes angry and really wants to kill them. It is, for the most part, difficult to lie in Shakespearean speech, without a stage direction saying, He or She is lying. There are exceptions, but they just have to be supported by the text. The things other people say, or what that character says before or after the incident in question. In other words, they do say what they mean, unless there is evidence to support otherwise.

What is it even saying anyway?

To be, or not to be... 

Be as in existing. To exist or not to exist, to live or not to live. Okay, hes openly questioning if he should live or die. So, this speech is about whether or not Hamlet should kill himself, which isnt totally out of the blue; at the beginning of the play, the first time Hamlet is onstage alone, he contemplates it there as well.

Whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer

The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,

Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,

And, by opposing, end them.

Which is better? Just take my wealth and position, keeping my mouth shut, but be racked with guilt over it, or to actually stand up for what I believe in, even though it would destroy and kill me and my family?

To die, to sleep-

No more, and by a sleep to say we end

The heartache and the thousand natural shocks

That flesh is heir to  tis a consummation

Devoutly to be wished.

But if Im dead, no more pain, no more suffering, no more guilt, and all the problems I have now just go away. Hey, that sounds pretty good...

To die, to sleep.

To sleep, perchance to dream. Ay, theres the rub,

For in that sleep of death what dreams may come

When we have shuffled off this mortal coil

Must give us pause. Theres the respect

That makes calamnity of so long life...

And if its all just a long sleep, whats on that other side? Its supposed to be so wonderful; thats why we endure all the crap in this world.

It goes on, but we can see its basically a suicide note of sorts, or at least a contemplation on the part of Hamlet.

Just before Hamlet comes on stage to give this speech, Claudius and Polonius, the murderous King and his Crony are talking with Ophelia, Polonius daughter, and Queen Gertrude. The Queen leaves... okay, now 3 on the stage. Polonius
then says:

Ophelia, walk you here.  Gracious, so please you,

We will bestow ourselves.

Hes telling Ophelia, Hamlets Girlfriend, to hang out here. But we will bestow ourselves.? 

The archaic meaning of bestow is to stow, deposit, store. So... lets store ourselves? Lets stow ourselves? Yes! Theyre saying, Lets go hide, which they then do. They exit, and Hamlet enters, talking all morbid.

But Ophelia is still on-stage. There is no Ophelia exits, nor is there Ophelia re-enters, so shes there the whole time while Hamlet talks about killing himself.

So, is the speech an aside that no one else hears? No, because at least one other person hears it, if not three. Hamlet finishes, then sees Ophelia, they have a big argument, and he gets crazy with the nunnery bit.

Exit Hamlet; enter back in Claudius and Polonius, talking about how mad Hamlet seemed because they absolutely heard him and Hamlet knew this. Then Polonius says:

How now, Ophelia?

You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said;

We heard it all.

So, they did hear it! 

In most all the previous scenes, and the ones after, Hamlet is very active; hes planning, plotting, getting things ready; hes already made some written contributions for the Theatre troupe thats preparing to perform for the Royal Court. Hes been pushing his plans forward to trap the King and give the final proof he needs to show that the King did in fact kill his father. Since seeing the ghost of his dead dad, hes been consumed by this desire for justice and revenge. Suddenly, for this 1 scene, he does a complete 180 degrees and finds it a good idea to kill himself? Yes, he contemplated it in the beginning, but keep in mind, that was BEFORE he found out his father was murdered. He didn't have any motivations as he does now. At that time, it was thought to be natural causes and the will of God, and hence, theres no one to get mad at, because no one did anything wrong. When the issue of murder comes up, that changes everything and revenge becomes his motive.

Suicide is a non-solution. Its a passive thing to do compared to the rest of the events going on. Its the easy way out, and Hamlet has been setting up these plots and plays with Machiavellian precision, which is definitely not the easy way to do anything. One could claim this speech shows another side to the character of Hamlet, but would that do anything to move the story forward? On its own, it doesnt. The full text of this play can run upwards of 4 hours long. How many people will sit for a 4 hour movie when it has parts that go nowhere? Is this speech Shakespeares way of saying, Heres a bathroom break?

NO! It is NOT a soliloquy! Ophelia was on-stage. Claudius and Polonius are hiding, and listening in, and Hamlet knows it! That means his whole suicide speech is by design. Hes already spent a few scenes convincing people that hes gone mad, and there IS method in it. The King and crony are trying to figure out if its true. Now, hes actively deceiving them, so that would make this speech something that moves the plot forward. Its just another part of Hamlets master
plan, and so far, theyre falling right into it.

More evidence: The last time we saw Hamlet on stage, he meets The Players, and asks the head player to give a short, impromptu performance, who readily obliges him. Then, everyone else ends up leaving the stage, leaving Hamlet, alone, for real this time. Here he has a real soliloquy (he even mentions hes all alone) whereupon he marvels at the performance that head player just gave. In fact, he realizes, and is very much ashamed at the fact, that the actor has just
shown more intensity and commitment in his task of that brief performance than Hamlet has in HIS task of avenging his fathers murder. Hamlet has just mentally smacked himself, reminding him to start raising the stakes, or hes going to fail at his task, and also realized the importance of acting as a role in his deceptions.

So I'm supposed to believe that suddenly, the very next words he speaks on stage are implying the direct opposite? That he wants to kill himself? A soliloquy of his innermost thoughts that says he needs to step it up followed by another saying the complete opposite? 

Even MORE evidence: Shakespeares original source for Hamlet. This is NOT an original play by Shakespeare. It had been done previously by other playwrights and writers. The original source is called Historia Danica by Saxo Grammaticus. It chronicles the story of Prince Amlothi, also referred to as Amlethus. Pull off the u-s at the end, move the "H" to the front, and you have "Hamlet." The plot matches the play exactly. The father of Amlethus is murdered by his brother who then marries Amlethus mother, the Prince seeks revenge. A large part of his plan has to do with feigning madness. Two attempts are made to prove hes actually sane, one of which is to tempt him into lechery, the thinking being that any man who lusts for women cannot truly be insane. His uncle arranges for a woman to casually run into Amlethus in the forest to seduce him while they watch, which is the prototype scene for this Hamlet/Ophelia scene. But Amlethus is warned of the trap ahead of time, so he makes his own arrangements to whisk her off to a hidden place away from the eyes of the Kings agents, who gets her to tell him everything. He also has sex with her, because why wouldn't he? But in the view of the Kings agents, he continues his act of being batshit insane.

"To Be or Not To Be" is not a soliloquy; it is a monologue! 
























 Show 'em love by finding them on Facebook   Twitter for extra likes and follows:

George Carlin

Bill Hicks

[Eddie Izzard](https://www.facebook.com/eddieizzard?ref=ts fref=ts)

Louis CK

[Tim Minchin](https://www.facebook.com/timminchin?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Hannibal Buress](https://www.facebook.com/HannibalBuress?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Todd Glass](https://www.facebook.com/ToddGlass?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Marc Maron](https://www.facebook.com/WTFPodcast?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Jamie Kilstein](https://www.facebook.com/jamiekilsteinfanpage?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Patton Oswalt](https://www.facebook.com/pattonoswalt?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Doug Stanhope](https://www.facebook.com/officialstanhope?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Jim Jeffries](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jim-Jeffries/275779855987?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Bill Maher](https://www.facebook.com/Maher?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Bo Burnham](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bo-Burnham/10947828617?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Keith Lowell Jensen](https://www.facebook.com/kljfans?ref=ts fref=ts)

David Cross

[Ricky Gervais](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ricky-Gervais/108578005851743?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Christopher Wayne Jackson](https://www.facebook.com/cwjcomedian)

[Ryan Bourassa](https://www.facebook.com/RyanBourassa?ref=ts fref=ts)

Billy Connolly

[Jimmy Carr](https://www.facebook.com/jimmycarrfans?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Joe Rogan](https://www.facebook.com/JOEROGANDOTNET?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Stephen Fry](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stephen-Fry/104083552960329?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Eddie Griffin](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eddie-Griffin/73107530966?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Penn Jillette](https://www.facebook.com/PennJill?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Seth MacFarlane](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Seth-MacFarlane/14105972607?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Adam Carolla](https://www.facebook.com/officialadamcarolla?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Kathy Griffin](https://www.facebook.com/kathygriffin?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Paula Poundstone](https://www.facebook.com/PaulaPoundstone?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Janeane Garofalo](https://www.facebook.com/JaneaneGarofalo?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Sarah Silverman](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sarah-Silverman/162150313835070?ref=ts fref=ts)

Got more?

**EDIT**: Thanks for all the suggestions! Sorry for forgetting so many women! Keep 'em coming! 



























































 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 









 Every history teacher I've ever had always explained the importance of history as a means to learn from our past. Do we, though? Seems like we always have the same problems in government, wars, laws, civil rights, etc. For example, miscegenation used to be argued against the same way same-sex marriage is now. We said there'd never be another Vietnam, going into a foreign country, fighting non-soldiers without uniforms without an exit strategy, but we did. Do we really learn from our past? 



















 I just did a clean install of Maya (Mint 13 w/Cinnamon). My PS3 Eye, which I had been using as a webcam/microphone for Skype purposes, was plugged in when I booted up the first time, and the camera was detected and works perfectly. The problem is, the microphone doesn't pick up. Can't Skype without a microphone. Any ideas?

**UPDATE**: I found [this forum](http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1785840) which had the following advice which worked for someone:

Quote:

CARDINFO{driver}=="USB-Audio", INCLUDE="usb", GOTO="init_end"

To /usr/share/alsa/init/00main in the section that is '# real ALSA configuration database'

Unfortunately, being a noob, I have no idea what to do with that information. 









 **EDIT**: Linux Mint w/Cinnamon (they couldn't come up with a gayer name?) is fully installed and working perfectly. Thank you so much to both AziMandia and PyroNavi for all the help. Goodbye Microsoft!

I'll just go ahead and subscribe to this subreddit and hope my noobishness fades over time... 



























































 Mind literally blown 





























 A coworker of my wife's is recommending it for weight loss, apparently featured on Dr. Oz. I'm instantly skeptical when it comes to miracle weight-loss products.

The best I can find is this: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/03/120327134209.htm

But 17 pounds over 22 weeks is only .77 lbs. per week, which has to be less than simply diet   exercise. 




 **EDIT** I want to thank everyone who has responded so far, especially those who managed to do it without berating or insulting others. I've already voted this morning, but others won't vote for another week or so, therefore I welcome a continuation of this conversation.

Just *please* keep it civil. People can disagree without resorting to insults. 
































































 I recently discovered r/youshouldknow and I'm glad I did! 



















 My two ideas:

1.    On-the-spot fact-checking. Lies and misinformation should be called out right then and there.

2.    Mics turn off at time limits.

Any more from Reddit? 






















































 I don't need a monitor, drives, keyboard, mouse, or a big hard drive. All I want to do with it is hook it up to my HDTV (so it'll need HD video output) and surround sound system (so it'll need optical audio output), and it'll be online. I'll only be using it to download and watch movies.

I have a cheap Dell refurbish with a single 3GHz processor and 4GB of RAM and it's just not delivering seamless HD. I end up with skipping, stuttering, audio synching, and other issues. I use VLC, DIVX, and, when all else fails, WMP. 

















































 I'm 31 and I just wrote a paper for my sociology class on prejudice, discrimination, ethnocentrism, and cultural relativism. Some would consider ethnocentrism and cultural relativism opposites, but I was able to find good and bad aspects of cultural relativism, so I expected to be able to show some examples where ethnocentrism could yield positive outcomes. I could not. Can you? 













































































































 ...if the hurricane has them watching the government-run/tax-payer-funded weather service on the government-run/tax-payer-funded emergency broadcast system to see if they'll have to leave the government-run/tax-payer-funded building by way of the government-run/tax-payer-funded evacuation procedures using the government-run/tax-payer-funded roads and bridges..." ~ Christopher Wayne Jackson (comedian) 















































































 So there's that. 
























 I don't believe in coincidences. 






















































































































































































































 Please include book/author.

One of my favorite lines from Catcher in the Rye was "Ask her if she still keeps her kings in the back row." 

Vladimir Nabokov's Lolita: "I talk in a daze, I walk in a maze, I cannot get out, said the starling."

Oscar Wilde, "Every saint has a past; every sinner has a future."

Finally, more than a line, but damn:

You know the reason The Beatles made it so big? I Wanna Hold Your Hand. First single. Fucking brilliant. Perhaps the most fucking brilliant song ever written. Because they nailed it. Thats what everyone wants. Not 24/7 hot wet sex. Not a marriage that lasts a hundred years. Not a Porsche, or a million-dollar crib. No. They wanna hold your hand. They have such a feeling that they cant hide. Every single successful song of the past fifty years can be traced back to I Wanna Hold Your Hand. And every single successful love story has those unbearable and unbearably exciting moments of hand-holding. ~ Nick and Norahs Infinite Playlist by David Levithan. 




 How can the Mortal Kombat guys NOT have a Sub-Zero? Especially with Batman ganking Scorpion moves AND catch-phrases. Imagine how sick he'd look!

With Croc, I know there's already a few heavy-hitters like Grundy, Bane, and Doomsday, but Croc is more wild, and his attacks could involve biting, clawing, tail whips (give him a tail), and use of the sometimes-depicted chains on his wrists.

Jason Todd is one of the best straight-up fighters in the DC universe, adept at any weapon, and would be a good counter to the villains' Deathstroke. 




 High qual. Price isn't the issue. 




 Is there a cheap   easy way to make tablets like Aspirin? Someone might know people who'd love to get MDMA, but they'd be skeptical of gel-caps and wouldn't know what to do with powder or crystals. It would seem most street sales of "ecstasy" are in pressed tablet form. 




 I think the greatest social experiment ever would be to divide the US into two allied-but-separate nations. 

One would be The United Conservative Republican States of America (USRSA). 

The other would be The United Liberal Democrat States of America (ULDSA). 

We'd still be cool and everything, totally best buds, but governed separately.

Let's see who's doing better in 50 years.

**UCRSA:**

* Abortion is outlawed with a possible exception for rape and incest in some of their 25 states (states' rights). 

* All or most gun laws are lifted, varying by state. 

* School prayer takes place immediately before the required pledge of allegiance, although children may opt-out. 

* The 10 Commandments can be listed in court houses, public schools, and other Christian references are allowed in generally public squares. 

* Hostility toward non-Christian faiths, and especially secularism may cause a mass exodus of non-Christians. 

* Same-sex marriage is outlawed with marriage defined in the constitution as one-man/one-woman. Some states may opt to allow for civil unions.

* Strict laws are passed to prevent illegal immigration with employers of undocumented workers fined or jailed. 

* Illegal immigrants are exported. 

* Even with 25 states, the UCRSA still outspends every other country on defense, continues war on terror. Efforts on homeland security are maintained or expanded.

* Tax breaks persist for the wealthiest Americans while social programs to benefit the poor are drastically defunded or cut altogether. Welfare is dramatically overhauled. 

* The death penalty is subject to state law, with most states requiring capital punishment for at least some offenses. 

* Drugs laws vary by state in terms of penal severity, but marijuana remains federally outlawed. 

* Free market economy is minimally-regulated with corporate tax incentives. American corporations may therefore choose to be headquartered in the UCRSA over the ULDSA.

* The energy economy emphases oil, natural gas, and coal with expanded off-shore drilling, pipelines, and fracking. Environmental regulations are relaxed.

* OSHA compliance becomes optional. OSHA-certified companies may advertise their jobs as such.

* Minimum wage varies by state and is not mandated.

 ______________________________________


**ULDSA:** 

* Abortion varies by states, but is legal to some extent everywhere. 

* Guns are heavily regulated, but some form of a firearm is legal in all 25 states, albeit with conditions. Licenses are granted for either hunting, protection, or both. In either case, gun-owners are registered with their firearms, all sales are tracked including ammunition and accessories, and licenses require criminal and mental health background checks. All gun sales and purchases must be carried out by licensed gun-retailers: no gun shows, no private sales. Guns, ammunition, magazines, and accessories are limited and regulated.

* Separation of church   state is explicit in the constitution with the ULDSA officially declared legally secular. Religions may operate freely, but fall under all normal laws and are subject to equal taxation. 

* Taxes are based proportionately on wealth with those most able to pay subject to higher taxes; those least able to pay are subject to less or no taxes. 

* Marriages between any consenting adults are recognized with all relevant benefits. 

* Equal rights are afforded to any and all Americans, regardless of race, gender, sexuality, religion, etc. "Affirmative action" varies according to state laws.

* Native Americans are offered an entire state with a sincere apology and an offer to declare independence as a sovereignty or remain a territory of the ULDSA with all relevant protections and rights under assumption of recognition of applicable federate laws and mandates.

* The ULDSA largely stays out of foreign affairs and redirects previous defense funds toward education, infrastructure, social programs, a replacement program for NASA, scientific research, and single-payer "socialized" health care.

* Health care falls under government regulation with taxes and subsidies encouraging healthier lifestyle choices. 

* Death penalty abolished with the highest form of punishment being "life without possibility of parole." Greater emphasis on rehabilitation. 

* Drug offenders with no violent criminal history are released. Criminal records of drug offenses are kept for reference only. 

* Marijuana legalized and regulated. 

* Fossil fuels are reduced with greater emphasis on renewable energy sources and limited nuclear. 





Where would you rather live? Be honest.

Feel free to make corrections to any assertions or assumptions made about either country, who you think would "win" economically and otherwise over time, and where you'd rather live and why. 




 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=ltun92DfnPY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=ltun92DfnPY) 




 Got word he shipped and a tracking number in less than 24 hours. No FE asked for. Four days later, the product is in my hand and vacuum sealed. I'll come back to review the actual product, but when it's advertised as "regular commercial" and at this price, you can't be too disappointed. DrWhite is ultra A+. Will do business again. HIGHLY recommended. 




 I've only ever had MDMA (I think), but what are the rolls like on these other substances? Any worth trying? Good alternatives?

4-MEC

Butylone

MDA

Methylone

MPA
 









 I'm considering dropping a couple grand, but I can't afford to lose a couple grand. Is any vendor **THAT** trust-worthy? 







































 I know this has been asked before, but it's been a while, and this isn't just about "saddest." Was it shocking? Did it make you angry? Were you glad? Do you ever want them to come back? If they have come back, are you happy or mad? 




 I'm trying to choose a subject for my Anthropology final :) 

My paper will be on applied anthropology, but I need to narrow it down as anthropology is apparently applied to nearly everything! 












































 Thinking of enrolling my 3-year-old daughter in a gymnastics class. Based on online research alone, I'm leading toward this place: http://www.gymnasticsofsanantonio.com/programs

Anyone have experiences with any place in SA they'd like to share? 


































 I want to get my wife gift certificates for a quality massage and a pedicure. It doesn't have to be the same place, but we're new in town (from New England), and she doesn't have a regular place for either one anymore. We're in the Ingram Park area just south of Leon Valley, but anywhere an hour drive or less would be fine. Thank you! 












































 DAE think "quantity" and "price" should be added to the sort options? Popularity and seller ratings are all well and good, but it's annoying to try and find pounds in a sea of grams, or trying to find the pricier bulk stuff out of over a thousand options. 




 For example, Marvel gets Batman and DC gets Spider-Man. 




 My pick? It may surprise you. Not Superman. Not Batman. Wonder Woman. Marvel already has a rich mythology with Thor, Hercules, etc., and related characters, and the Wonder Woman mythology would blend nicely. Besides, how many comics does Marvel have starring a solo woman?

Who would I trade to get her? Well, Wonder Woman is one of DC's "Big Three," or "Trinity," so it's going to take a sizable trade. I'd offer Daredevil, Elektra, Bullseye, Moon Knight, Power Man, Iron Fist, Ghost Rider, and The Fantastic Four. 




 My pick? Spider-Man. He'd be a shoe-in for The Justice League, and he brings a unique style and power-set to the DC universe. 

Who would I be willing to trade to get him? I'd like to see what Marvel could do with some 2nd stringers like Booster Gold   Blue Beetle (Kord), but they'd probably need more in exchange for a heavy-hitter like Spider-Man. Throw in Lady Godiva, Fire, Ice, Power Girl, Captain Atom, Firestorm, Red Tornado and Hawkman if that's what it takes. If that's still not enough, throw in Captain Marvel. How could they resist? 



































































































 Some suggestions:

* Batgirl (Steph)
* Batgirl/Black Bat (Cassandra)
* The Atom (as Palmer or Choi)
* Dr. Mid-Nite
* Hour Man
* Renee Montoya (she's been mentioned and pictured as Katie Kane's ex, who has been seemingly unaffected by the non-reboot)
* Elongated Man
* Azrael (either one)
* Plastic Man
* Icon   Rocket
* Other Milestone characters
* Union
* Aqualad (Garth or Hyde)
* Blue Beetle (Kord)
* The Endless
* Helena Bertinelli 
* Doom Patrol
* Metamorpho and Element Woman
* Adam Strange
* Miss Martian
* The Metal Men
* Bizarro
* Doomsday
* Wally West
* Donna Troy
* Xombi
* Nemesis (Wildstorm)
* Spartan (Wildstorm)
* Red Tornado
* Mister Miracle
* Barda
* The Creeper
* Cheshire
* Circe
* Catman
* Scandal Savage
* Knockout
* Shadowpact
* Ragman
* Gypsy
* Mxyzptlk
* Wildcat
* Jesse Quick
* Manhunter
* Guardian
* Duela Dent
* Bronze Tiger
* Rick Flag
* Major Force
* Freedom Fighters
* Jade
* Geo-Force
* Zauriel
* Roulette
* Captain Comet
* Bombshell
* Parasite
* Rip Hunter
* Goldstar
* Toyman
* Despero
* Superboy Prime
* Alex Luthor
* Psycho-Pirate
* Jericho
* Calculator
* Cyborg Superman
* Kid Devil
* Red Star
* Mr. Mind
* Vigilante
* Prometheus
* Aztek
* Eradicator
* Sonar
* Evil Star
* Lian Harper, Connor Hawke, Mia Dearden
* Tempest
* Black Alice 
* Citizen Steel
* Atlee
* Obsidian
* The Outsider
* Canterbury Cricket
* Ambush Bug
* Ragdoll

Feel free to point out if any of this characters *have*, in fact, appeared. I collect many titles, but not all, so some of them may have appeared by now. This is also not meant by any means to be a complete list. 

































































































































 I'm aware of

one-man/one-woman

one-man/multiple-women

one-woman/multiple-men

one-man/one-man

one-woman/one-woman

but is there multiple-men/multiple-women or just 3-or-more men or 3-or-more-women marriages recognized anywhere in the world? 




 I'm aware of 

one-man/one-woman

one-man/multiple-women

one-woman/multiple-men

one-man/one-man

one-woman/one-woman

but is there multiple-men/multiple-women or just 3-or-more men or 3-or-more-women marriages recognized anywhere in the world? 





























 Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be... 






















































 My picks:

Justice League: International - It was just getting good when they canceled it.

Shadow Cabinet: An old Milestone series featuring Icon, Rocket, Donner, Blitzen, Iron Butterfly, Mechanic, Payback, Starlight, Twilight, etc.

Cyborg: I think it's pretty messed up he was promoted to be a core and founding member of the Justice League and doesn't have his own book.

Black Lightning: Very cool superhero who doesn't get the exposure he deserves.

Ragman: He looks cool and there just aren't a lot of Jewish superheroes. He could even join Batman Inc. and be the sanctioned hero of Israel or something.

The Creeper: An entertaining character who, in the hands of the right writer, can be a great read.

Lobo: Yeah, this character reeks of the 90s, but he's kind of like DC's answer to Wolverine.

Hitman: One of the best comics DC has ever published.

The Atom: The on-again, off-again Leaguer has some interesting adventures.

New Gods: It's kind of a classic, and Orion and Darkseid have already made appearances.
 














 It could be artists or writers, but who's someone who gets a lot of fanfare you just can't stand, and why?

Personally, for writers, I have to say Frank Miller. While I loved everything he did up until 300, everything since has been awful.

For artists, ~~Scott Lobdell~~ Kenneth Rocafort, mainly for that [stupid pentagon](http://insidepulse.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Screen-shot-2011-09-21-at-8.54.15-PM-500x319.png) he obsessively draws on every nose.

**EDIT**: I want to add J. Michael Straczynski to writers. In terms of Spider-Man's worst enemies, Doc Ock and Green Goblin have nothing on JMS. 




















































































 Cowardice asks the question, "Is it safe?" Expediency asks the question, "Is it politic?" Vanity asks the question, "Is it popular?" But, conscience asks the question, "Is it right?" And there comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but one must take it because one's conscience tells one that it is right. ~ Martin Luther King Jr. 














 [Brian Eno "An Ending"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKw5mbcE7VY)

Listening to this song, filling the frisson, then read the top two comments. The second one (philipboydy) did me in. Frisson overload. 


































 If I were fortunate enough to be given the reigns to direct my own Batman franchise, the first entire trilogy would be focused on The Joker.

 

Batman: Year One - Gotham is established as crime-ridden city. We get Bruce Wayne's origin story and the rise of two warring crime syndicates: The Zucco Family and The Falcone Family. When Bruce returns, he begins his crusade as Batman and aids Lieutenant Gordon and DA Harvey Dent in bringing down the mobs, the most prominent of which is The Falcone Crime Family, which has their dirty work done by the mysterious Red Hood.

 

Meanwhile, Bruce and Alfred attend a circus only to see two performers, The Flying Greysons, fall to their deaths with their acrobat teenage son left behind. Knowing what it's like to be orphaned, Bruce offers to take their 16-year-old son, Dick Greyson, as his ward. Batman vows to seek out the guilty party. It seems there's more to Haley's Circus than meets the eye, with ties to the Zucco mob and possibly more. Batman temporarily switches his focus to the Zucco Family, much to this dismay of Gordon, who wants the pressure to stay on The Falcones. Tony Zucco, the man responsible for the death of Greyson's parents, nearly gets the drop on Batman but is stopped by Dick, who shows up unexpectedly, having figured out Batman's identity after finding the secret entrance to the Bat Cave. Dick wants to kill Tony, but Batman stops him.

 

After some drama over getting involved, Batman leaves Dick with Alfred to discuss it later, now ready to go after the Falcones full-throttle. In the end, after a battle with Batman in a factory, Hood takes the plunge into the chemical vat. Batman thanks Gordon and the DA, leaving a gift on roof of the GCPD: The Bat Signal.

 

Batman: Year 2 - Lieutenant Gordon is now a Police Captain and facing an uphill battle surrounded by crooked cops and a Commissioner and mayor who are anti-Batman. Unfortunately, a new menace has risen in the form of the psychopathic Joker, who has gone to war with organized crime, with the remainder of The Zucco Crime Family having risen to go to war with the struggling Falcone Crime Family. The Joker has created pure chaos, creating problems for criminals, the justice system, and citizens alike. All of this is to get Batman's attention, with whom he seems to have some sort of vendetta.

 

Dick, meanwhile, is being put through intensive training as he continues to insist on involving himself in Batman's affairs. Batman is trying to physically and mentally break him to prove he's not cut out for it, but Dick is surpassing every expectation. In some respects, he's even a better student than Bruce was. Still, Batman warns about him getting involved.

 

Batman's hand is forced, however, when The Joker stages an assault on Wayne Manor as part of his war on the wealthy and powerful. Alfred is safe in the Bat Cave, but Dick is kidnapped, as The Joker is curious what Bruce Wayne would do for the boy's life. Alarms and camera footage alert Alfred, who communicates the kidnapping to Batman. Now it's personal.

 

Batman confronts The Joker, barely rescuing Dick before an explosion. When Batman orders Dick to stay put while he pursues Joker, but he doesn't listen. During an encounter, The Joker explains that Batman created him, causing Batman to feel guilt for all of The Joker's crimes. The whole ruse was a trap for Batman, getting Batman between the cross-hairs of the warring Zucco and Falcone families. While Batman deals with them, The Joker would be getting away, but he's stopped by Dick, who is crudely disguised with some scraps of green and red clothing he found in the alley. While Dick is able to handle Joker in the fight, Joker catches him off-guard with a crowbar and is violently beating him with it when Batman shows up and ends it. Batman carries Dick's beaten and bloodied body away and hands The Joker over to the authorities.

 

Joker is tried for his crimes with Dent handling prosecution, but The Joker manages to pull off an acid attack in court, splashing half of Dent's face. Joker is able to plead insanity as a plea-bargain to avoid a possible mistrial as Batman's citizen's arrest may be thrown out in court. The Joker is institutionalized at Arkham Asylum. In the end of the film, The Joker is introduced to his therapist: Dr. Harleen Quinzel.

 

Batman: Year 3 - Captain Gordon is now Commissioner Gordon and taken control of the police, and it's just in time as Two-Face has re-organized crime in Gotham and all but taken over. To make matters worse, an unknown and mysterious figure or organization mounted an attack on Blackgate Prison and Arkham Asylum, flooding Gotham's streets with criminals and maniacs, including The Joker. Dr. Harleen Quinzel believes she's the person best suited to bringing in The Joker and has a run-in with Batman that confirms what she already believed about him: he's the cause of the problems in Gotham and responsible for The Joker. When she finally finds The Joker, having returned to the now-condemned chemical factory, he lures her in and gives her a taste of what he experienced. She emerges Harley Quinn.

 

With so much chaos in the city with organized and disorganized crime, Batman finally relents and allows Dick to join him, but only as a sidekick, to hang back, to cover him, to help him out, etc. He is not to confront anyone directly. It turns out, they make an amazing team.

 

Two-Face is now struggling to control the criminal element as there's so much on the street, but he's amassing an army in the hopes of taking over Gotham completely. It's all-out war between Two-Face's empire and the Gotham police, and of course Batman, but Two-Face has a vendetta against The Joker, The Joker wants to kill Two-Face, Gordon, the police, Gotham in general, and Batman, and Batman now feels responsible for the whole lot of them.

 

The Joker retaliates against Two-Face for his repeated attempts to kill him, undermining Two-Face's plans, but in the final confrontation, neither Batman, Robin, nor Harley Quinn are able to stop Two-Face from apparently killing The Joker. Harley tries to kill Two-Face, Batman, and Robin, but is stopped in a combined effort. Batman tries to appeal to Dent, who finally turns himself in.

 

While being taken away, Dent reveals to Batman that he's been two sides of the same coin all along. He's always been the District Attorney, and it was really Dent who undermined Two-Face, not The Joker. He explains that his efforts to organize all the criminals and maniacs was so they could all collectively be put away in a set-up he devised. When he's asked to explain the Blackgate and Arkham breaks, he says that wasn't him, it was "Bane."

 

"Bane?" "He never gave me a name. He only said 'bane.' The bane of Batman, the bane of Gotham, the bane of everything. He told me this city wasn't mine, yours, or Gordon's. Gotham belongs to him." "Bane..." The last shot is Bane watching Batman through binoculars as Batman closes the doors on the ambulance Dent is in. Quietly he says, "Yes, Batman. Bane."

 

The fun part is, when you watch the movie again and look really hard, Bane can often be seen somewhere in the background, just watching.

 

Batman: Year 4 - In part 4, Batman   Robin are forced to constantly put out fires, sometimes literally. A cat-burglar is confronted and put on notice, Firefly is spreading dangerous arsons, Zsasz is a serial killer on the loose, the chemist Scarecrow has released a fear-toxic causing people to go mad, an eco-terrorist calling herself Poison Ivy is causing havoc, a man called "The Penguin" has taken over organized crime in the absence of Two-Face, a mad scientist calling himself "Freeze" has frozen half the city, and some idiot calling himself "The Riddler" is committing crimes and leaving clues. Batman   Robin are able to bring Firefly, Zsasz, Scarecrow, Poison Ivy, and Riddler to justice, but not without consequences. Batman has been badly burned, stabbed, psychologically scarred by fear toxin, worn down by Poison Ivy's toxins, and mentally exhausted by The Riddler. When he finally agrees to Alfred's demands that he come home and rest before dealing with Freeze or Penguin, he checks in with Robin, who is still doing recon on The Penguin and Freeze, and then he arrives home to the Batcave. Once he accesses the secret entrance to the mansion, he finds Alfred unconscious and is then attacked by Bane.

 

Bane takes a physically, mentally, and psychologically exhausted Batman and kicked the ever-living shit out of him right into the Bat Cave for an epic battle. He reveals that he (obviously) knows his secret identity and that he's been lying in wait since the beginning to take Gotham from Batman. In the final scene, he breaks Batman's back, drops him to the ground and says, "Broken and done. Gotham now belongs to Bane."

 

Batman: Year 5 - One year after the breaking of the bat, a now-20-year-old Dick Greyson has assumed the identity of Batman with one instruction from Bruce: do not confront Bane directly. The first part of the movie is the new Batman taking down the tragic villain Freeze.

 

Not only is Dick doing an amazingly good job of keeping the Batman myth alive, but a new presence has emerged in the form of what the media has dubbed "Batgirl." It appears Catwoman is at least sometimes on the side of righteousness as well, so Dick isn't entirely alone out there.

 

Bane doesn't control Gotham yet. The Penguin still controls half of Gotham, and they're warring constantly. Bane doesn't go after this new Batman right away because he seems to be focused on Penguin almost exclusively, so he believes he and Batgirl to be unconnected to the original Batman.

 

With a budding romance between Dick and Batgirl, who is Gordon's daughter, Catwoman lurks in the background, possibly jealous, and Bane hopes to use this. She's been caught stealing from him a number of times, and when he finally gets his hands on her, he lures her to his side. He wants her to work directly with the new Batman and Batgirl to take down The Penguin, which they absolutely do.

 

Catwoman turns on them, which sets them up for Bane. He says he'll take pleasure in breaking two more bats, which he may very well accomplish, but Catwoman double-crosses Bane, setting him up for his own downfall at the hands of Batman and Batgirl. Bane still manages to get the upper-hand thanks to his Venom, but that's when a Batwing flies overhead, a smoke bomb his the ground, and when the smoke clears, the real, original Batman is standing tall in a modified, armored, cybernetic- enhanced suit. Catwoman, meanwhile, gets away with much of Bane's fortune, so she played him for a fool.

 

Bane and Bruce battle it out as Dick and Barbara clear the area. Bane is enhanced by Venom, and Bruce is enhanced by his suit, so it's a pretty fair fight. In the end, Batman takes down Bane and reclaims his city. With Freeze, Penguin, and Bane out of the picture, Gotham is safe again.

 

Finally safe in her own home, Barbara enjoys some quality time with her dad. There's a knock at the door, she answers, BLAM! She's shot through the spine by The Joker.

 

Batman: Year 6 - The Joker is back. Two-Face didn't kill him after all. Yes, he was tossed into heavy machinery that apparently ground him up, but the remains turned out not to be his. The Joker takes Barbara Gordon and kidnaps Jim as well. Now it's up to Batman and Nightwing to save them both and finally stop Joker once and for all. This movie would basically be an adaptation of Alan Moore's "Killing Joke."

 

Nightwing spin-off movie follows Year 6.

 


































 Ah, that delightful meme is going around Facebook again: Dear god, why do you allow violence in our schools? "I'm not allowed in schools." ~ God.

1. An omnipotent being is not "allowed?" Doesn't sound too fucking powerful to me.

2. Just to clear something up, god is "allowed" in schools; god isn't allowed to be forced upon students. There's a difference between having a right to worship and having someone else's religion shoved down your throat.

3. So the argument here is that god is either too weak to be where he isn't wanted (by some), is too butthurt by the slight, or it isn't important enough for him to "break the rules" and intervene? So this meme basically shows that your god is impotent, petty, uncaring, sucks and is unworthy of worship.

Nicely done, Christians. Point well made. 




 Not terrible, but definitely not a fun night. I took entirely too much 2CE (a dab'll do ya) and the whole world just fell apart on me. The shit came on like a freight train. Before I could even react to an emergence of fractal patterns, suddenly, everything around me transformed into wild animations, and not simple shapes, either. For example, a tree in a neighboring apartment complex turned into a cluster of Chinese dragons desperately trying to untangle themselves. I actually said out loud, "How is that even possible? Where's the context?" My wife was too overwhelmed to answer.

I tried to relax and watch Fantasia, but that wasn't working out. I went out to smoke a cigarette, but the smoke trails were interacting with everything confusingly, and I mentally projected that everywhere. I ended up just going to bed, but it was dizzying because the closed-eye hallucination were a thousand time worse. I couldn't control my thoughts, and even rationalizing that I willfully took a drug and that's why this was happening became a difficult thought to hold onto. For the first time in my life, I mentally wished for a trip to end. I wanted off the ride.

I'm not at all mad, though. I'm 31 and started getting into psychedelics with LSD when I was 18. I've had plenty of fun with LSD and shrooms, and this was my third time with 2CE. I thought I was immune to the fabled "bad trip" and had far too positive an opinion of tripping to be subject to such a thing, but I learned a valuable lesson: I'm not invincible, there is such a thing as "too much," and moderation can be a beautiful thing.

Now I'm curious. What's the worst trip you've ever had, what drug was it, and was it because you took too much, or the conditions were all wrong? 














 Full disclosure: I'm putting the finishing touches on my final, which is a paper on Shakespeare's *Hamlet*. I've read it, I've watched two film adaptations, I've got additional sources, but are there any Shakespeare scholars or experts here (or just fans) who have special insights they'd like to share? 

I'm not looking for someone to write my paper for me. I'm looking for new ways of looking at things, different interpretations, historical contexts I may have overlooked, hidden meanings, etc. I'm sure my professor has read hundreds of papers on Shakespeare, and I'd like to give him something he's never read before. Thanks! 












































 Lame example: You can't have your cake and eat it too.

What else would you do with cake but eat it? 









 FDR and Johnson were two of the more socialist presidents our nation has ever had, both bringing about sweeping reform and program implementation, some of which is still in place today, from FDR's social security to Johnson's Medicare   Medicaid. Yet, knowing from history the fantastic improvements that were made via implementation of such programs and economic booms experienced under such leadership, why do you suppose socialism has long been a dirty word in this country? It seems many of the same people who would slam big government and demand reductions would never want to part with social security, Medicare and Medicaid.

Is it, perhaps, cultural? Is it historical? Are we a product of the uprising that brought about our Independence, as such that we are the freed rebels in constant fear or oppression and tyranny? Is it just the Spirit of '76 that lives on in us? Is it remnants of the Red Scare, The Cold War and McCarthyism? 




 The title character is villainous scum! Am I actually supposed to feel sorry for him when he dies? 




 At the beginning of the play, Richard breaks the fourth wall and invites the audience to live vicariously through him, but after the first few scenes, he just... stops. Why would Shakespeare abandon that device? More importantly, why do it at all? It seems like he had an idea and was doing something differently, and then forgot. It seems odd to start that way and not follow-through. 




 Since discovering r/shakespeare, I've really begun to appreciate Shakespeare more, especially in the discussions where an expert comes in and shines a light on something I never would have known or thought of.

That makes me wonder; what mind-blowing Shakespeare theories do you have? It could be any of his plays, Shakespeare himself, or differing ways of viewing certain characters, motives, lines, etc. Fan theories, different perspectives, historical knowledge... anything a Shakespeare fan might find eye-opening. 













































































































 I used to just slap ham and American cheese on bread with some mustard and call that a sandwich. I was wrong. 

My sandwich:

1. Warm a pan with butter in it so the butter melts while you're building the sandwich. 

2. Once the butter melts, add two strips of bacon.

3. Take two slices of stone-ground 100% whole wheat bread.

4. On one slice, add Southwest spicy mustard. 

5. On the other slice, add mayonnaise.

6. Add a slice of jalapeo jack cheese to each slice of bread. If you want a spicier experience, Cabbot makes a habanero jack cheese.

7. Choose a slice and add one slice of fresh tomato, off the vine, never having been refrigerated. 

8. Alternately layer deli sliced ham and turkey at a deli slice thickness of 1 until you have a stack proportionate to your appetite. 

9. Add deli pickles. Two or three should be fine.

10. Top it all off with one crunchy and crisp slice of iceberg lettuce.

11. Close the sandwich and press down on it hard to keep everything squished together tight. 

12. Remove the bacon when it's finished cooking. And set it aside on a paper towel. In the time it takes to build the sandwich, the bacon should be done.

13. Throw that bad boy sandwich into the pan with the bacon grease and butter and fry it up. After about a minute, skillfully use both hands and two spatulas to flip it over to cook the other side. While trying, try adding a bit of Goya Adobo. It doesn't take much.

14. Remove the sandwich and add the bacon.

15. Eat sandwich.

16. Orgasm. 

PS: I want to try your sandwiches. If you try mine, let me know what you think. I will gladly let you know if yours is better than mine ;-) 




 I was surprised to search r/Shakespeare and not find a single reference to the Tudor myth. Does anyone have any insight on the accusations that the histories (only English histories being labeled as such while Scottish and Roman histories fall into "tragedy") are Tudor propaganda, and that Shakespeare is, in fact, the history's greatest propagator of the Tutor myth? 





























 Preferably nothing biased, just a historical rundown of how a religion was corrupted into extremist/terrorist groups over time, important historical events, people, etc. who shaped Islamic fundamentalism into what it is today. 










































































 Cold War: 

Iceman (Marvel) 

vs

Sub-Zero (Mortal Kombat)

vs.

Frost (Mortal Kombat) 

vs.

Ice (DC) 

vs.

Icicle (DC) 

vs.

Mr. Freeze (DC)

vs.

Captain Cold (DC) 

vs.

Queen Elsa of Arendelle (Disney's Frozen) 

vs.

Killer Frost (DC) 

vs.

Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians) 

vs.

Gill (Street Fighter) 

vs.

Frozone (Pixar's "The Incredibles") 

vs.

Blizzard (Marvel) 

vs.

Glacius (Killer Instinct)

 
























 The US declares tomorrow that all troops worldwide are to return home by the end of 2014. All US presence beyond our own borders is removed globally. A doctrine of isolationism is implemented so far as it concerns our military and foreign aid. We don't send troops, we don't drone strike, we don't bomb, we don't sanction, we don't diddly squat.

What would happen? 



















 The easy method is Batman's birthday, 1985 deduced from Batman #010, Year Zero Directors Cut. Bruce Wayne is Born. (Date inferred Willowood and Wayne Death correlations. Willowood fell into disrepute after Martha died when Bruce was 10, but it was likely not that long after, and the sickhole happened 18 years ago. This also correlates to Bruce taking off as soon as possible, 18, which is consistent with everything else.) 

Thomas   Martha are murdered when Bruce is 10 in 1995. Damian is born in 1999 (Batman   Robin #0) somehow even though Bruce Wayne would only be 14 and doesn't leave Gotham until 2000 (Batman #0). Bruce returns to Gotham in 2004 (Detective Comics #0). He's now 19. Damian would be 5 going by this insanity.

In 2005, Bruce is a vigilante trying to save Gotham City from The Red Hood and his gang (Batman #0).

2006: Tim Drake attends Graystone Academy (in Middle School) as their top academic student and is taking gymnastics. He hacked the school's network and caught the principal embezzling funds and turned him in. At the exact same time, Jason Todd robbed a convenience store with a friend(?) who shot a scared woman. Jason in moral outrage beat his friend(?) down and allowed himself to be arrested. The Bat-Signal is lit by Commissioner Gordon for the first time. Dick Grayson's parents fall to their death due to Tony Zucco tampering with the trapeze equipment. Dick is then sent to an orphanage, The Wayne Care Center. (Batman #0)

That ***same year*** Dick Grayson becomes Robin. (Nightwing #1).

That ***same year*** Barbara Gordon becomes Batgirl.

So Bruce Wayne has been active one year as a vigilante and already has a kid sidekick and inspired a female crime fighter.

2007: Barbara gives up being Batgirl after only one year to focus on college. (Batgirl #0)

2008: Alan Moore's *The Killing Joke* happens, officially NewFiftyTwoniverse Cannon. As a reminder, Batman is apparently 23 in this book. Damian is 9 and still unknown to his father.

2009: Jason Todd resurrected. When exactly he died or became Robin is hard to figure out, but it couldn't have been for very long. Damian Wayne defeats his mother in a birthday challenge and learns Bruce Wayne is his father. Batman is 24, Damian is 10, so yes, somehow Bruce fathered Damian when he was 14 with a woman he'd never met a good six or seven years before he became Batman. WTF?

2010: The events of Batman, Inc #0 take place.

2011: The "present" of the New52 launch in most titles which has advanced generally in real time since.

So Batman/Bruce Wayne is roughly 29 and has managed to have four Robins in a vigilante/costumed adventurer/superhero career of about nine years. By DC compressing decades of continuity to keep all these characters they've built and established, Batman has Dick Greyson as a costumed sidekick almost immediately, loses him when Dick starts the first Titans--vaguely referenced in Red Hood   The Outlaws--Batman almost instantly replaces Dick with Jason who must then die almost the next day, then he gets replaced by Tim who goes off and forms the current Teen Titans, and then Damian comes along, who Bruce apparently fathered at age 14 because that makes sense.

DC Comics has created a clusterfuck of plotholes in their new timeline.

***EDIT***

To offer what would make more sense if I was running this shit:

Martha   Thomas murdered when Bruce is 10.

Bruce returns to Gotham at age 18 after training all over the world. He does the masked vigilante bullshit for about a year, has little luck, is about to give it up when ***BAM!!!*** the bat thing happens and he's inspired. Becomes Batman, a complete badass but inexperienced. Suit is too armored because he's not too good at dodging bullets yet, and he relies too heavily on Alfred and technology to get by. 19-year-old Batman is nothing like the Batman we know and love, but DC sells his stories in the monthly back-in-the-day series called "Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight." These stories are interesting because we see a flawed Batman who doesn't always win his fights, fucks up, fails, and hasn't mentally killed off Bruce Wayne yet. He's still trying to balance Bruce and the bat because he hasn't realized he needs to sacrifice his life to become the hero Gotham needs.

Five years later, Batman is getting insanely good. He's dropped a lot of the tech and armor in favor of lightweight, stealth, ninja shit. He looks more like a ninja than a stealth, militaristic man-tank. Alfred is there when he needs him, but Bruce is much more capable on his own and far less reliant on tech and gear. He's also established now. Criminals fear him and Gordon is with him rather than against him, plus, Gordon has been promoted through the ranks and is now commissioner. The Bat Signal scares the shit out of people and is a hallmark of Gotham. Batman is only 24, but 5 years in, Batman is already the stuff of legend. However, Batman has steadily taken the place of Bruce Wayne. Alfred reminds Bruce of an obligation. He attends Haly's Circus and witnesses the death of 10-year-old Dick Grayson's parents. Relates hard. Epic feels. Takes in kid as ward. Feels bad man.

Over the next year, Dick puts the pieces together. Witnesses Alfred doing his medical shit for Bruce after a bad night. Last shreds of doubt are gone: shitty fake rich dad man is Batman. Dick sees Batman as the means to get revenge on Tony Zucco. Bruce takes him under his wing, trains him, and Robin: The Boy Wonder is born. Batman is 25, Robin is only 11. They are the Dynamic Duo, forming one of the greatest relationships in comics. DC sells the stores of this time period as Robin: The Boy Wonder. Great comic. Such sales. When Dick is 16, they have a falling out. Five years of Batman   Robin comes to an end at Dick goes off to found the original Teen Titans. Batman grows dark as shit without Robin to balance him out. Batman is now 30. 

Also noteworthy: the original Batgirl, Barbara Gordon, begins and ends in this time period. When Batgirl first appears, Batman is 26, Robin is 12, and Barbara is 17. Batman disapproves, Robin crushes hard. The three end up making a sensational team. When Batman figures out Batgirl is Barbara Gordon, he's crippled by guilt. Batgirl operates for four years, quitting at 21 only to be shot through the spine by The Joker in a home invasion because The Killing Joke is cannon forever. 30-year-old Batman is mentally broken by this incident, and it drives Dick away. He's losing his shit.

At age 22, Barbara Gordon becomes The Oracle, an essential part of Batman's operation and lending support to Dick's Teen Titans. Batman is now 31. Bruce and Dick speak to each other only through Barbara and are otherwise estranged. Dick is now Nightwing. At age 23, Oracle founds The Birds of Prey, passing on the Batgirl identity to either Cassandra Cain. She also works closely with her best friend and ally The Black Canary, Stephanie Brown AKA: The Spoiler, and Helena Bertinelli AKA: The Huntress. Batman is now 32 and a 15-year-old kid named Tim Drake has figured out his identity.

Tim Drake is obsessed with Batman   Robin. Batgirl, too. He's a boy genius, a black belt, the top student in his school, and has hacking skills second only to Barbara. He wants to be the new Robin, and nothing Bruce says or does as Bruce or Batman will change his mind. Barbara tricks Bruce and Dick into meeting. Bruce eventually reveals the Tim Drake problem, and Dick says he already knows. How? Barbara. Dick surprises Bruce by encouraging him to take the boy under his wing like he did for him because Batman needs a Robin, but it can't be Dick anymore. 

Batman has a Robin again. Batman is 33. Tim is 16, the same age Dick was when he left Bruce's side. DC explores these stories in the ongoing Batman   Robin comic as well as Gotham Knights, a book featuring the dream team of Batman, Robin, Nightwing, Batgirl, Oracle, and other Gotham vigilantes inspired by Batman like Huntress, The Spoiler, Catwoman, Batwoman, etc.

You'll notice Jason Todd didn't exist. No one other than Dick   Tim have ever been Robin, and if Damian Wayne is going to be introduced, it hasn't happened yet but could down the line, preferably around the same time Bruce is either about to die or retire so Dick can become Batman and Damian his Robin.

Realistically, Batman either dies in the line of duty before he ever makes it to 40 or retires to be replaced by Dick Grayson either way.

I'm sorry, but you don't just go through sidekicks like dirty laundry. It's ridiculous. 
























 I once had a can of Easy Cheese but no Ritz crackers so... 



















 I'm 33, I want to buy a house, my credit is terrible (599), and I have no savings. 

Can I still do this? Is there a zero down option? Where do I even begin?

 









 I'm 33 and I want to buy a house. I'm tired of wasting money on rent. That being said, I've found it impossible to save the kind of money to make a serious down payment. Can I borrow 100% of the cost and accept a higher monthly mortgage? 




 My wife and I just moved from San Antonio, Texas to Laconia, New Hampshire. We are currently unemployed, just about run out of money, and have no insurance. My daughter is complaining of pretty severe tooth pain, and there's an obvious cavity. What can we do?

***EDIT***: Thank you all so much for your help! Just to let everyone know--and I appreciate your concern--she has been seen by a dentist and is scheduled for dental work. You people are awesome! 




 I left NH for two years, came back, and suddenly Molly doesn't exist? 




 So I have an idea. My wife doing what she does for a living (outreach therapist) gets exposed to all these kids who get flat out rejected by their own families for being gay. Some get kicked out, others are simply made to feel like they're less-than-human, others want to kill themselves upon finding themselves unloved by their own families, etc.

That's all a whole lot of bullshit.

So I want to start an orphanage of sorts. Anyone from anywhere in the US finds themselves in one of these shitty situations, they can move into the Jackson Pride: A Sanctuary for LGBT Youth. Until they're 18, they'd have a safe place to stay where they are loved and supported by a staff made up of LGBT and LGBT-friendly people such as myself.

I'd need a shitload of money. It'd have to be grants and charitable donations because I can't see any way to make such a thing profitable. Does anyone have the first clue where to start on a thing like this? This might be my calling. 















































































 I've tried eBay and Amazon in the past and found that

A. I'm usually undercut by businesses selling books for pennies with no shopping and

B. After shipping costs I've made little-to-no-profit (books be heavy doe...)

Any online book-selling strategies /r/frugal thinks we should all know about? 




 Bought to-and-from tickets from Delta for myself, wife, and daughter. Total is $762. Turns out this trip is not happening. Called Delta and was informed tickets are non-refundable. At all. Zilch. Any ideas? I kinda want that money back... 














 Before anyone corrects me, I'm not claiming this is The Great Gatsby: A Phantom Menace. But...

Aside from names, it's basically what logically happens before The Great Gatsby. 

Jay Gatsby is Dexter. 

Comes from middle class family. Father owns the second-best grocery store in town.

Aspires to be part of the old money, upper crust elite.

Meets Judy/Daisy.

Loves her. Loses her because she's old money elite; he's not. 

Couple of affairs.

Loser in love. Goes to war as we know Gatsby did. Never forgets her.

He returns. Gets filthy rich. Success. Still loves Judy/Daisy. Finds out from a friend that she's married now and the guy is a dick. Name is Joe Simms but he sounds an awful lot like Tom Buchanan. He cheats on her just like Tom. She doesn't cheat. She stays home with the kids.

He's still alive at the end and very much contemplating the Judy/Daisy situation.  












































 I've been using XP ever since it came out and have zero interest in any other OS, but now my hand is being forced. Macs are too expensive and I dislike everything Microsoft has put out since. 

Specs:

System:

Microsoft Windows XP

Professional

Version 2002

Service Pack 3

Computer:

Intel

Pentium D CPU 2.80 GHz

2.79 GHz, 3.49 GB of RAM

I use my HD TV as a monitor (1920x1080). I mostly use the PC for internet use and watching the movies that fill by 2TB external hard drive. I will sincerely miss my Adobe Creative Suite and Acid (music program), but it's time to move on. 

The last two Linux distros I was running were Lime and Ubuntu before that. Both were pretty slick, but I cede to the experts.

Considering WattOS, Zorin OS, and LXLE as well. 







































 Here is the link: mms://wm.med.uvm.edu/Public/2014.03.21%20MATCH%20DAY.wmv

Everything I try to do results in it streaming to Windows Media Player instead of downloading the video to my hard drive. Usually I can right-click the link and choose download from the drop-menu, but it's not working. Any tricks for this?

If it matters, my specs:

System:

Microsoft Windows XP

Professional

Version 2002

Service Pack 3

Computer:

Intel(R)

Pentium(R) D CPU 2.80GHz

2.79 HGHz, 3.49GB of RAM

I tried using Firefox and Internet Explorer to download it. No luck. 









 I'd settle for Street Fighter VS Mortal Kombat. 




 I'm not a smart man. 
























 I know the maximum cold is literally no heat energy, absolute zero, but is there a highest possible temperature in the way that speed has the upper limit--as far as we know--of light? 






















































 Batman and all his allies defending Gotham City featuring Batman (Bruce Wayne), Robin (Damian Wayne), Red Robin (Timothy Drake), Nightwing (Dick Grayson), Spoiler (Stephanie Brown), Batgirl (Cassandra Caine), Oracle (Barbara Gordon), Huntress (Helena Bertinelli), The Red Hood (Jason Todd), Catwoman (Selina Kyle), Black Canary (Dinah Lance), Katana (Tatsu Yamashiro), Cheshire (Jade Nguyen), Batwoman (Katie Kane), Ragman (Rory Regan), and maybe even some variation of Azrael and/or Batwing.

Additional cast featuring Alfred, Lucius Fox, Commissioner Gordon, Rene Montoya, Detective Alvarez, Harvey Bullock, Harvey Dent, Maggie Sawyer, Leslie Thompkins, and Vicki Vale.

You don't have to get all detailed about each character's origins or how they ended up where they are, and it'd be largely based on Morrison's "Batman, Inc." run, which means it involves Talia's all-out assault on Gotham, a call to arms of all Batman's allies, Bruce Wayne is out as Batman's financial backer, Damian dies, and there's a fuckload of cameos. Three-hour epic.

I'm geeking out so hard right now. 














 I changed my Facebook default pic and cover to MLK and I have these people claiming he beat his wife and prostitutes. After doing some research, I was able to confirm he was provably an adulterer, but I could turn up a shred of evidence of spousal abuse or abusing hookers. 




 I've had to unsubscribe to both atheist and socialist groups because they were fraught with assholes. I am both an atheist and a socialist. 









 Pics available to anyone interested. 



















 [Choice of words](http://www.wimp.com/powerwords/) 









 I have a friend back in New England who has always wanted one. I haven't seen any in SA. 


































 [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Blind-Tiger-Comedy-Club/101801306647989)

[This week's show.](https://www.facebook.com/events/367888846681174/?ref=br_tf)

[Website](http://blindtigercomedy.com/)
 









 Ghosts? Angels? Demons? Guardian angels? Life-after-death? Conspiracy theories? Aliens? UFOs? Sasquatch? Nessie? MIB? NWO? Reptilians? 




 Keep an open-mind; logically, just because a theory hasn't yet been proved doesn't mean it isn't true. The only theories that can be discounted fully are the ones that have been thoroughly debunked. The others? They vary in degrees of plausible to implausible, no? Occam's razor is not an irrefutable principle of logic or a scientific result, but simply a matter of plausibility. 






















































 It seems like Texas is really several states. 

Houston (East)

San Antonio (Central/South)

Austin (Central/North)

Dallas (Northeast) 

El Paso (West)

Amarillo (Panhandle)

Corpus Christi (South)

Anybody else feel like there are several distinct Texases? 





























 What four faces would you put on the Mount Rushmore of comedy?

My picks? Pryor, Carlin, Cosby,   Dangerfield. 
























 [Link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s22HX18wDY feature=player_embedded) 




 (http://youtu.be/TXNwbFVd3Xc?t=4m44s)[http://youtu.be/TXNwbFVd3Xc?t=4m44s) 









 Before anybody tells me about Monster, jobs.com, etc., yes, I know. I'm exploring those, but /r/sanantonio has been awesomely helpful with everything I've ever needed.

I'm 32, I have an associates in graphic design, I have experience as a delivery driver, I don't mind desk or labor work, I'd prefer first shift, I'd consider part time or full, benefits aren't needed, I look professional (no visible tats or piercings of any kind), I'm reliable, have reliable transportation (2009 Scion XB), I'm in school for English education, and I've been a substitute teacher. 

Any leads would be appreciated. 





























 As insane as this sounds, I've done the research. It's plausible. The idea isn't original; it was first proposed by Carlyle Thompson, a professor of African American and American literature at Medgar Evers College of the City University of New York. There's actually quite a bit of evidence to support it, just as there is to support the queer reading of Nick.

Gatsby is described by Nick, "his tanned skin" and "short hair look as though it were trimmed every day" (Fitzgerald 50). The short hair and the appearance of daily trimmings could definitely refer to the grooming habits of African American men.

Gatsby's West Egg mansion is on "more than 40 acres of lawn and garden" (Fitzgerald 5), which is specifically interesting, because freed slaves were to be given 40 acres and a mule by decree of Sherman's Special Field Orders, No. 15. "More than" is stated, but instead of giving us that exact number--it could be 41 acres or 400--but we're given 40. It should be noted that 40 acres and a mule was oft promised, but a promise not always kept and inconsistently applied (Oubre 79). There's an obvious metaphor for a man who feels deserving of something he doesn't get, i.e., Daisy.

Gatsby would be unlikely to achieve the level of success he did in the roaring 20s if he were black, and some of the upper-crust white folk would be likely to notice or take issue with his race, so it's only a plausible theory if he were able to pass himself off as white. There is evidence for this, too. For one, the manner in which he makes his fortune is bootlegging during prohibition, and bootlegging is a sort of counterfeit product. That could be a metaphor as Gatsby is a counterfeit person. He pretends to be someone he's not, he seeks an imagined perfection of a flawed woman, he lies about his past, he's secretive about what he does and his intentions, and being a man of color could be just one more lie he's living. He's even changed his name from Gatz to Gatsby, something more Nordic-sounding.

Gatsby is quite proud of his heroism in Montenegro. Of all the places he could have earned a medal, it's one where the word "negro" is right in the name--negro/black, mont/mountain--and it's mentioned by name seven times immediately like Fitzgerald wanted it to stand out. Also, his valor at Montenegro was immediately proved true by the medal Gatsby carried around. In other words, Gatsby lies, but the "negro" part is the truth.

How do we know he lies? He just told us on the previous page, "I am the son of some wealthy people in the Middle West--all dead now" (Fitzgerald 65). We know for a fact later on that his father remains alive and is far-from-wealthy. Was his family dead, or was he dead to his family on account of his color? "I was brought up in American but educated at Oxford, becaue all my ancestors have been educated there for many years. It's a family tradition" (Fitzgerald 65). He's awfully concerned with establishing a European heritage.

But here's the passage that really blew my mind with this reading:

        ...a limousine passed us, driven by a white
        chauffeur, in which sat three modish Negroes, two bucks and a girl. I
        laughed aloud as the yolks of their eyeballs rolled toward us in
        haughty rivalry.

        "Anything can happen now that we've slid over this bridge," I thought;
        "anything at all. . . ."

        Even Gatsby could happen, without any particular wonder. (Fitzgerald 69)

First, let's note that this happens as they are crossing Blackwell's island. Again, a geographical location is used that denotes "black."

According to Merriam-Webster's online dictionary, "Modish" means "Conforming to or following what is currently popular and fashionable." In other words, these are African American men who turned the social paradigm on its head and are being driven by a white chauffeur. In spite of a possible slave heritage, they are able to afford the luxuries of the time, looking at Gatsby, his ride, and his present company with a sense of rivalry. If these black men are able to realize the American dream, surely a man of African descent who can pass for white can achieve this success. Yes, anything is possible, even Gatsby. Even a black Gatsby.

There are smaller clues, too. After Myrtle is struck by a car, the incoherent speech of a man is "M-a-v-r-o----," which is interesting, because "mavro" is Greek for "black."

One the same page, a "pale well-dressed negro" described the car, Gatsby's car, as "big" and "yellow." Now back to the Montenegro thing, which literally means "black mountain," which may describe Gatsby, big and yellow may also describe him as "high yellow" was a term to describe light-skinned blacks, the product of mixed race backgrounds due to the golden skin tone (Dalzell, 2009). He may be a "black mountain" of a man, but he's also "high" like a mountain, but, although technically black, also "yellow."

Is this a meaningless distinction? No. It's not trivial at all. Tom Buchanan is an awful human being, and we're treated to Tom's racist rant:

        Have you read 'The Rise of the Coloured Empires' by this man Goddard? . . . Well, it's a fine book, and everybody ought to read it. The idea is if we don't look out the white race will be--will be utterly submerged. It's all scientific stuff; it's been proved. . . Well, these books are all scientific . . . This fellow has worked out the whole thing. It's up to us who are the dominant race to watch out or these other races will have control of things . . . This idea is that we're Nordics. I am, and you are and you are and . . . and we've produced all the things that go to make civilization--oh, science and art and all that. (Fitzgerald 12-13)

How are we supposed to feel about this? Well, Daisy openly mocks him and Nick says he's pathetic. Tom believes that the Nordics are the master race and that it's imperative for him and people like him to keep the colored folk down. Wouldn't there then be great irony on his wife's competing love with a non-Nordic person? A black Gatsby?

It's at least a suspicion on Tom's part when he puts the pieces together and outs his fears:

        I suppose the latest thing is to sit back and let Mr. Nobody from Nowhere make love to your wife. Well, if that's the idea you can count me out. . . . Nowadays people begin by sneering at family life and family institutions and next they'll throw everything overboard and have intermarriage between black and white. (Fitzgerald 130)

        "We're all white here," murmured Jordan. (Fitzgerald 130)

Not only does Tom suggest that Gatsby is black, Jordan picks up on it and defends his whiteness! Why else would intermarriage between black and white even be brought up? He may have even suspected this for a long time before, pausing before he includes Daisy as a Nordic in the Goddard rant with a wink and a smile when he lays out the Goddard nonsense. Perhaps he sees her as sullied having had her history with Gatsby.

The trouble is, there's plenty of evidence to suggest that Fitzgerald was both a racist and antisemitic (Blogger.com 2010). That really changes the perspective. That underscores what Fitzgerald's true intentions were in the Goddard passage from the book, actually The Rising Tide of Color: Against White World-Supremacy, by eugenicist Lothrop Stoddard, published in 1920 (Turlish 1973). Fitzgerald was obviously familiar with it. It's even more interesting to note that both Fitzgerald and Stoddard had the same publisher, Scribner. As for the name change, Henry H. Goddard was a famous eugenicist (Thompson 2004). The plot thickens.

It forces one to consider that Gatsby is a cautionary figure, that negro men could be among us, passing themselves off as white, throwing lavish parties, living the lifestyle, wooing our women, acting as elaborate con artists, bootlegging, and involved in all manner of illicit affairs. Maybe that's the real reason he doesn't win in the end. Maybe that's why he's killed, as white men conspire against him. Maybe that's the real reason no one shows up to his funeral.

 
References

Dalzell, Tom. The Routledge Dictionary of Modern American Slang and Unconventional English. London: Routledge, 2009. Print.

Fitzgerald, F. Scott. The Great Gatsby. New York: Scribner, 2004. Print.
"modish." Merriam-Webster.com. Merriam-Webster, 2013. Web. 6 August 2013

Oubre, Claude F. Forty Acres and a Mule: The Freedman's Bureau and Black Land Ownership. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State UP, 2012. Print.

"The Racial Worldview of F. Scott Fitzgerald." Blogger.com. Google, 19 Mar. 2010. Web. 06 Aug. 2013. http://racehist.blogspot.com/2010/03/racial-worldview-of-f-scott-fitzgerald.html.

Thompson, Carlyle Van. The Tragic Black Buck: Racial Masquerading in the American Literary Imagination. New York: P. Lang, 2004. Print.

Turlish, Lewis A. "The Rising Tide of Color: A Note on the Historicism of The Great Gatsby." American Literature 43.3 (1973): 442-44. JSTOR. Duke University Press. Web. 06 Aug. 2013. http://www.jstor.org/stable/2924045.
Tyson, Lois. Critical Theory Today: A User-friendly Guide. New York, NY: Routledge, 2008. Print. 














 **UPDATE**: All set! Thank you everyone! 



















 1. Batman: Shadow of the Bat

2. GCPD: Gotham City Police Department

3. Azrael: Agent of the Bat

4. Batman: The Brave   The Bold

5. The Joker

6. Batman Family

7. Manbat

8. Batman   The Outsiders

9. The Batman Chronicles

10. Anarchy

11. Gotham Knights

12. Batman Confidential

13. Batman Team-Up

14. Gotham City Sirens

15. Streets of Gotham

16. Batman

17. Detective Comics

18. Batman: The Dark Knight

19. Batman   ~~Robin~~

20. Legends of the Dark Knight

21. L'il Gotham

22. Batwing

23. Batwoman

24. Batgirl

25. Nightwing

26. Teen Titans

27. Red Robin

28. Red Hood   The Outlaws

29. Harley Quinn

30. World's Finest: Huntress   Power Girl

31. The Batman of Earth 2

32. Earth 2

33. Justice League

34. Justice League of America

35. Catwoman

36. Justice League Dark

37. Batman Beyond Unlimited

38. Batman/Superman

39. Birds of Prey

40. Ame-Comi Girls

41. Penny One

42. Batman Inc.

43. Superman

44. Superman: Action Comics

45. Superman: Unchained 

46. Superman: Man of Steel

47. Superman: Man of Tomorrow

48. Superman Confidential

49. Superboy

50. Supergirl

51. Green Lantern Corps.

52. Wonder Woman

* If you didn't get the joke, this is (mostly) untrue. 
























 I had to write this out for a class, and I thought some Redditors might be able to benefit. Please feel free to add.

* Don't like the gym? Don't limit yourself to it. Run, bike, skateboard, Rollerblade, jog, dance, swim, climb, join a sports team/league, etc.
    

* Find a schedule that works for you and stick to it. Someone asks you to lunch at 12:30pm on Friday? Nope. That's your scheduled gym time. Take a rain-check.
    

* Sign up for classes. Exercise doesn't have to mean treadmills, ellipticals, or weights. Try new things, meet new people, and have fun. Try yoga. Try zumba. Try boot camp. Try core training. Try belly dancing and/or pole dancing if you must. Be adventurous.
    

* Have a run first thing in the morning when you wake up. It'll jolt you to life, give you more energy, almost guarantee you'll make time for a healthy breakfast, and once you're showered, you'll be good to go, probably in a better mood to boot. Go get life.
   

* Meet a friend at your scheduled gym at scheduled times or activities so you'd feel bad leaving them hanging. Tell that friend to give you a hard time if you skip a day or slack.
    
* Don't feel like going? Go. Tell yourself you'll phone it in today. Tell yourself you'll take it easy. Showing up is half the battle. Once you're there, you'll probably feel like you might as well get a good workout in if you're there anyway.
    
* Set realistic goals for yourself. Put them down on paper.


* Skip escalators and stairs, walk or ride your bike if it's not too far, park further away from the grocery store, and find other little ways to work in extra exercise into your daily life.


* Reward yourself for meeting goals/expectations, but not with cake and pies. 




 Do you prefer one above all others? Do some ethnicities do things or have characteristics that you find sexy or a turn-off? Were you consciously trying to have sex with a variety of races? How would you rate your experiences overall?

Curious because I'm a married white male who has only had sex with white women, not by choice, but because New Hampshire is a very white place. I assume I'll die never having known the difference, assuming there are any. 




 Booster Gold   Blue Beetle! Hollywood is missing out on a great opportunity to make a superhero/comic book movie that is completely unlike the rest, and actually use it to satire superhero/comic book movies. It could have plenty of action, but also a lot of comedy, and more bromance than JD   Turk in a season of Scrubs. 









 A friend posted in our local (San Antonio) Facebook forum asking advice for overcoming writer's block. People seemed to like my response, so I thought I'd share:

You're over-thinking it. Stop. A*** A**** has great advice, but if you're not in the reading mood, don't do that either. Don't do anything, writing especially. If you're a comedian, funny things will come to you. You have a gift for being able to see the comedy in situations people experience every day of their lives, but they either don't see it or make the normal choice not to make a big deal of it. That's YOUR job.

If nothing is coming to you, don't panic. This is a great time to pull out your old jokes. If they're in a notebook, transcribe them to a Word document or otherwise create a document you can organize. Re-read your jokes. Try to approach those jokes from different angles. Figure out a way to connect jokes where some continuity may exist for good transitions. If you need better transitions, write those.

Think of that time some dumb drunk bitch said some dumb drunk bitch thing during your set. Now think of what you wish you had said to her. Maybe it's about her being a dumb drunk bitch. Now you have heckler ammo in your pocket.

Write and re-write your old shit and before you know it, you'll be writing new shit because you just inspired yourself to write and be creative.

If you car won't start, you give it a jump. That's all you need. The car is fucking fine.

 




 My wife and I are happily married and new San Antonio residents as of last year. Our 5th anniversary is this weekend, and I'm hoping to take her out on a hot date. Money is not an issue. I just want it to be memorable. 

She's an artist, very into dance, music, or any kind of art, really. It doesn't have to be anything like that, either, just a fun night out on the town.

I haven't lived here long enough to know where to go/what to do. Any ideas would be greatly appreciated! 




 ***Tax exemptions for churches violate the separation of church and state*** enshrined in the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment of the US Constitution. By providing a financial benefit to religious institutions, government is supporting religion. Associate Justice of the US Supreme court, William O. Douglas, in his dissenting opinion in Walz v. Tax Commission of the City of New York, decided May 4, 1970, stated: "If believers are entitled to public financial support, so are nonbelievers. A believer and nonbeliever under the present law are treated differently because of the articles of their faith I conclude that this tax exemption is unconstitutional."

***A tax exemption is a privilege, not a right.*** Governments have traditionally granted this privilege to churches because of the positive contribution they are presumed to make to the community, but there is no such provision in the US Constitution.

***Churches receive special treatment from the IRS beyond what other nonprofits receive***, and such favoritism is unconstitutional. While secular charities are compelled to report their income and financial structure to the IRS using Form 990 (Return of Organization Exempt From Income Tax), churches are granted automatic exemption from federal income tax without having to file a tax return.

***A tax break for churches forces all American taxpayers to support religion***, even if they oppose some or all religious doctrines. As Mark Twain argued: "no church property is taxed and so the infidel and the atheist and the man without religion are taxed to make up the deficit in the public income thus caused."

***A tax exemption is a form of subsidy, and the Constitution bars government from subsidizing religion.*** William H. Rehnquist, then-Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court, declared on behalf of a unanimous court in Regan v. Taxation with Representation (1983): "Both tax exemptions and tax deductibility are a form of subsidy that is administered through the tax system. A tax exemption has much the same effect as a cash grant to the organization of the amount of tax it would have to pay on its income."

***The tax code makes no distinction between authentic religions and fraudulent startup "faiths,"*** which benefit at taxpayers' expense. In spring 2010, Oklahoma awarded tax exempt status to Satanist group The Church of the IV Majesties. In Mar. 2004, the IRS warned of an increase in schemes that "exploit legitimate laws to establish sham one-person, nonprofit religious corporations" charging $1,000 or more per person to attend "seminars." The Church of Scientology, which TIME Magazine described in May 1991 as a "thriving cult of greed and power" and "a hugely profitable global racket," was granted federal income tax exemption in Oct. 1993. The New York Times reported that this "saved the church tens of millions of dollars in taxes." 

***Churches serve a religious purpose that does not aid the government***, so their tax exemptions are not justified. Tax exemptions to secular nonprofits like hospitals and homeless shelters are justified because such organizations do work that would otherwise fall to government. Churches, while they may undertake charitable work, exist primarily for religious worship and instruction, which the US government is constitutionally prevented from performing.

***Exempting churches from taxation costs the government billions of dollars in lost revenue***, which it cannot afford, especially in tough economic times. According to former White House senior policy analyst Jeff Schweitzer, PhD, US churches own $300-$500 billion in untaxed property. New York's nonpartisan Independent Budget Office determined in July 2011 that New York City alone loses $627 million in property tax revenue. Lakewood Church, a "megachurch" in Houston, TX, earns $75 million in annual untaxed revenue, and the Church of Scientology's annual income exceeds $500 million.

***Despite the 1954 law banning political campaigning by tax-exempt groups, many churches are clearly political and therefore should not be receiving tax exemptions***. Every fall, the Alliance Defense Fund, a Christian legal group, organizes "Pulpit Freedom Sunday," encouraging pastors to defy IRS rules by endorsing candidates from the pulpit. More than 500 pastors participated in Oct. 2011, yet none lost their churches' exemption status. In Oct. 2010, Minnesota pastor Brad Brandon of Berean Bible Baptist Church endorsed several Republican candidates and dared the "liberal media" to file complaints with the IRS. Brandon later announced on his radio program: "I'm going to explain to you what happened Nothing happened."

***American taxpayers are supporting the extravagant lifestyles of wealthy pastors***, whose lavish "megachurches" accumulate millions of tax-free dollars every year. US Senator Chuck Grassley, MA (R-IA) launched an investigation into these groups in Nov. 2007 after receiving complaints of church revenue being used to buy pastors private jets, Rolls Royce cars, multimillion-dollar homes, trips to Hawaii and Fiji, and in one case, a $23,000, marble-topped chest of drawers installed in the 150,000 square foot headquarters of Joyce Meyer Ministries in Fenton, Missouri.

***The tax break given to churches restricts their freedom of speech because it deters pastors from speaking out for or against political candidates***. As argued by Rev. Carl Gregg, pastor of Maryland's Broadview Church, "when Christians speak, we shouldn't have to worry about whether we are biting the hand that feeds us because we shouldn't be fed from Caesar/Uncle Sam in the first place." 

***The "parsonage exemption" on ministers' homes makes already-wealthy pastors even richer at taxpayers' expense.*** The average annual salary for senior pastors with congregations of 2,000 or more is $147,000, with some earning up to $400,000. In addition to the federal exemption on housing expenses enjoyed by these ministers, they often pay zero dollars in state property tax. Church leaders Creflo and Taffi Dollar of World Changers Church International had three tax-free parsonages: a million-dollar mansion in Atlanta, GA, a two-million-dollar mansion in Fayetteville, GA, and a $2.5 million Manhattan apartment. Kenneth and Gloria Copeland, leaders of Kenneth Copeland Ministries in Fort Worth, TX, live in a church-owned, tax-free $6.2 million lakefront parsonage.

[Source](http://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/) 
























 Going out again? Put on new socks. Go through five pairs a day if you have to.

I knew a guy who had awful foot odor. His shoes always stank, and so did his feet. Then I realized, he'd put on socks after he showered in the morning, put on shoes, go about his day, come home, take off the shoes, and leave his socks on. If he went back out, same nasty-ass socks with all that same sweat and bacteria now going back in the same nasty-ass shoes. 

Then I realized A LOT OF PEOPLE DO THIS!!!

Fresh socks every time, people, and when you're not wearing shoes, remove socks. Bleach the white ones. 




 Has anyone used a pet-shipping service they could recommend/trust? 



























































 **THE BEST**

Batgirl started off weak in my opinion but grew on my quickly.

Batman started strong and stayed strong. It's one of the best books DC publishes.

Batman and _________ (formerly "Batman   Robin") instantly had me hooked, but it's gotten weird since Damian died. Batman has been increasingly more and more out-of-character, but I'm holding out hope it leads somewhere.

Batman Incorporated... you love Grant Morrison or you hate him. I'm glad I toughed it out. It's a slow burn, but it's so worth it.

Earth 2 is one title I wanted to hate from the day they announced it. Turns out I love it and highyl anticipate each issue.

Legends of the Dark Knight is one title I was so happy they brought back in its original non-canonical fuck-all form. Yeah, as a collection of stories, it's inconsistent in art and writing, but when it's on, it's on.

**THE MIDDLE**

Batman Beyond Unlimited has actually been mostly good, but I've stopping collecting simply out of disinterest.

Batwing is one I've wanted to quit repeatedly, and I hated the look of the character from the beginning, but there was always something keeping me. Just as I was about to drop the title, they brought in the new Batwing, who looks fucking amazing, and now I'm curious again. Nicely played, DC.

Batwoman isn't going to be for everyone, and I kept getting confused and frustrated, but it rewards patience, and I still believe it's got the best art/panel layouts in the business.

Talon was actually pretty good, and I gave it a few issues, but I couldn't bring myself to give a shit about the character. He seemed like just another Batman knock-off, and there's plenty. Besides, I was amazed by how shitty he looked. They had so many cool variations of the Talons and that's the design they went with?

**THE WORST**

Ame-Comi Girls intrigued me, but I'm jumping off after the Jade issue. It's pretty stupid.

Batman: Li'l Gotham isn't terrible, and it's really cute, but it's not really my thing.

Batman: The Dark Knight started off awful and continues to be awful as of issue 19. I'm been wanting to jump off since the first shitty issue, but I keep hoping it'll get better. It doesn't.

Birds of Prey started shitty and then seemed to challenge itself to get progressively shittier with every issue. They succeeded. None of their teased plot twists were enough to keep me on board.

Catwoman I almost quit repeatedly, but I got re-invested with the JLA storyline. Kitty is on a short leash.

Detective Comics: I have to stop buying this shitty comic just because of its title. It should be the flagship title of DC (Detective Comics), but it's garbage. It's been confusing, muddled, shitty shit since the first issue.

Justice League, like Detective Comics, should be one of DC's star attractions. Instead, it's a monthly clusterfuck. They couldn't even commit to the core roster, like everyone expected, which includes Cyborg, a character so fucking interesting he doesn't even have his own monthly. Thanks for overcharging for the several pages of Justice League and then Shazam's never-ending origin story stapled to the back. Is he ever actually joining the team and/or getting his own title, or is this basically Justice League/Shazam forever?

Justice League of America, the C-list of the Justice League (assuming International was the B-list) has managed to do jack shit in 3 issues, even requiring other titles for back-story and exposition. Another issue or two and I'll decide if it's worth continuing.

Nightwing is a character I love and I still had to drop this title. It started off shitty, got shittier, improved, and then went right back to shitty. I guess I'll never know what happens in Chicago.

Red Hood   The Outlaws is a title I fully expected to love. I... can't... get... into it. I seem to enjoy Jason more when he appears in other books. He'd probably be better solo.

Suicide Squad is a title I started off enjoying and the cliffhangers kept me buying, but a comic can only insult my intelligence so many times before I give it the boot. Sorry slutty Harley Quinn. I liked you better in the jester costume.

Teen Titans is a title I wanted to love since I grew up a fan of the older Titans teams and enjoyed the anime-style cartoon, but what a shit-pile. I kept hoping it'd get better as it got worse and worse. I quit.

**HAVEN'T READ**

Batman: Arkham Unhinged

Injustice: Gods Among Us

_________________________________

What's yours? 




 So far, the best I've found have been the Heritage Duck Pond Park, Raymond Rimkus (technically Leon Valley), Brackenridge, Phil Hardberger, and OP Schnabel. Any more I should check out with my 3-year-old daughter? 




 Answering my own question:

**Marvel/DC Team-Up:**

Avengers/Justice League

Batman/Moon Knight

Nightwing/Daredevil


**Marvel VS DC:** 

Hulk VS Doomsday

Deadpool VS Deathstroke

Superman VS Loki 



















 I haven't been here 8 months and I've been too busy to sight-see. We're doing the obvious stuff: tower dinner, Alamo, River Walk, etc., but what are some need-to-see places and must-eat restaurants? I want them to have a good time, and I'd like to at least pretend I'm less of a tourist than they are.

INB4: I know how to use Google. I just figure legit San Antonio natives will know a little better than tourist websites.

Also, I'm aware there's a FAQ. It's extremely incomplete and honestly not that helpful. 




 New in town and I'd like to take my 3-year-old daughter. 





























