




 I'll be back in a jiffy.  




 Love conquers all 




 I read it from the book 50 Things you're not supposed to know from the same author, Russ Kick. Couldn't find a link to that book.  


































 Did you have enough money to get groceries?!  




 That reminds me of the movie Insidious.  




 Please update with the new info.  




 The Tyrant episode of House explains this. Very interesting how the brain works.  
























 This comment will probably get lost in here but I wanted to tell you that your stories are AMAZING! I'm fairly new to Reddit and happened to stumble upon this thread. I've read others stories here in NoSleep that've been good but none of them compare to yours, none of them have made me feel like yours. I just read them and I'm fascinated as to the way the made me feel. I hope the Penpal movie does come out soon and that you post more stories. You have a new fan.  




 Waiting for an update! 




 Finally! I check everyday for an update.  




 I've been voting 3rd party, even when people tell me I'm wasting my vote, I tell them that people need to stop voting for the lesser of two evils. We have to vote smart. Vote for a candidate that talks the talk, study the person. Look up on the issues that he/she has voted for and who backs them up. Please stop voting by parties, race or gender. Make history in a good and correct way!  




 Update please 
























 If indeed he took your phone and you say you've never been there you shouldn't be worried about going to the police. If you haven't been to that house never in your life then there's no evidence putting you there. Clear your phone's location and call the police. I'm worried about your friend OP, I think your neighbor might have to do with him disappearing. Worry about your friend and call the police! Don't be a shitty friend twice.  









 Very interesting OP, keep us updated.  









 Any update coming soon? 
























