 Jerome Corsi's book that came out last year:
http://www.wnd.com/2013/09/report-kennedy-assassin-was-on-fbi-payroll/

also Don Adams, retired FBI agent who was investigating threats against Kennedy in the weeks before the assassination:

(http://www.newsnet5.com/news/local-news/akron-canton-news/former-fbi-agent-from-akron-insists-lee-harvey-oswald-didnt-murder-president-john-f-kennedy)
 




 Good comment. It can be hard to get info on what is going on recently. 




 Another good one on this subject written by Anarchist Jacques Ellul:
[Propaganda: the Formation of Men's Attitudes](http://www.pdfarchive.info/pdf/E/El/Ellul_Jacques_-_Propaganda.pdf) 




 Thanks. Even though I'm basically outing myself as a lunatic! 




 I know. Whenever I post any MKULTRA related stuff, not many seem that interested. I honestly don't know why, whether people are tired of it, don't know enough about it, or if they don't believe this stuff ever existed. 




 The official defense budget doesn't include such small items as the intelligence agencies, maintenance of nuclear stockpiles, VA benefits, and debt payments on foreign wars going back to Korea. 




 Basically this was a real life Apocalypse Now. US soldiers went AWOL and formed a village in Laos which they thought was a safe zone. The army didn't like that much and Operation Tailwind was undertaken to wipe them out. The op started with a dawn raid kicked off with sarin gas being dumped on the GIs. 



















 Here's a good place to ask specific questions about JFK stuff and especially about document authenticity. A lot of very serious researchers hang out there. Don't ask me why it evolved out of a teaching discussion board, but over the years it became a gathering place for old researchers with thousands of publications collectively between them:
[Education Forum Kennedy discussion board](http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?s=cea89a971e30e336a9785dc7303dc23c showforum=126)
 




 Exactly. 




 A lot of people in the JFK assassination community are now conjecturing that Oswald was working undercover with the FBI in order to infiltrate the CIA because Hoover suspected the CIA of engaging in domestic subversion. The theory holds that Oswald was set up because they figured out his true agenda. A lot of strange pieces of this puzzle fall into place neatly when one follows this line of reasoning. 




 [Good discussion of this phenomenon by Linda Moulton Howe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Csc0f5daafE) 




 People in the UK were making jokes for years about Jimmy Savile being a necrophile. It seemed ludicrous. It turned out that he really was, and that he was guilty of far more than the worst rumors/jokes ever suggested.

The Savile case was a really strong example of the mindset people have where they simply can't comprehend the kind of abuses a small percentage of the human race are capable of. Elements of intelligence services probably are using pedophilia as a way to blackmail and control politicians and powermongers, but the only people open to this possibility are those who allow themselves to entertain a degree of paranoia in their own worldview.

If I could put this another way, every year, the world seems to become a bit closer to the batshit crazy reality that David Icke has been describing for decades. I'm still not sold on lizard shapeshifters but I've learned not to take anything off the table until I have absolute proof that it does not exist. 




 [Evidence of Revision](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/) 




 No, I mean they should be called "sheep dudes" as opposed to "Dude they're called sheep." 
I'm going to be counting this conversation tonight. 




 Sheep dude. 




 I'll tell you what, why not post these comments as a self-post in the conspiracy subreddit. It's a bit silly to try to address any of these in a comment chain. You can give people a chance to explain their reasoning on some of this stuff, there might actually be a chance for putting links into answers, and if you can cut the ad hominem for a little while you might come away with a better understanding of how to communicate with a non scientific community in a way that doesn't  antagonize them. 




 Plato also believed in the rule of enlightened elites. What's Greek for Illuminati? 




 This is a smart young woman. I hope she comes out of this OK. 




 COINTELPRO, debt slavery, severe economic distress, unstable employment, a police state that scares the bejesus out of every sane human, a prison system with 25% of the world's prison population, endless distraction provided by conglomerates with what from the outside appears to be a satanic agenda, constant misinformation from mainstream media, bogus wars on drugs, poverty, Islam, you name it.
People don't know if they're coming or going. People know they're getting screwed but they're so tired that why should they give a shit if the government is peeping at their computers?
You want them to care about GMOs when they never cared about high fructose corn syrup, increased cancer rates, depleted sperm counts and countless other things connected to our modern diet?
People aren't stupid, but they are burned out. People need to heal before they will believe that resistance will amount to anything effective. 




 Here you go:
(http://www.counterpunch.org/2014/10/24/the-medicine-of-the-trans-pacific-partnership/) 




 Gotcha. 




 People have to wake up to how incredibly awful this thing is. This is a game over scenario. Call, don't e-mail. Phone calls make a much bigger difference. Most of the dipshits in congress probably have no idea what this legislation is.  




 Not to blame her at all because the drug laws are BS, but what I don't get is that  they came back with a warrant three hours later. Why in God's name didn't she flush the stuff? 




 Personally I became interested conspiracy stuff in the 80s because of the sixties assassinations and the CIA. I knew about MKULTRA earlier than a lot of people because my university was a major site of MKUTRA research not to mention CIA weapons development.
I developed a big interest in researchers from the sixties who published in underground papers and magazines like Paul Krassner's The Realist, Ramparts, The East Village Other and many others. They are still very readable and depressingly relevant and I encourage anyone to seek them out especially since a lot of these publications are reappearing on the web in digitized form.
Mae Brussell's radio show was great. Still worth listening to and every bit as controversial as it was thirty or forty years ago.

As for UFO stuff, as far as I remember, there was a shift in the 90s to that being about abductions and government intrigue. Into the 80s, although people started to talk about Roswell and Area 51, UFOs were still largely considered benign.
No one cared about Bush pere when he was VP, but everyone started talking about the New World Order as soon as he became Prez. I still don't think people have ever focused anywhere near enough on his tenure at the CIA. He oversaw a transition to electronic warfare/surveillance which defines our current world.
Then of course there was a huge amount of focus in the 80s on satanic cults in the aftermath of the son of Sam and Jonestown. 




 In my experience, people are fatter in the UK than in the US.  




 Nice one, thanks. 




 Not to defend Mossad, but Bull was trying to build his gun for Iraq. He was also dealing with the South Africans and the CIA. Plus, if I'm remembering right, I think he had a hand in Fuel Air Explosives research at McGill University. Nasty dude. 









 Tobacco was never really considered safe. Even back then cigarettes were widely referred to as "coffin nails". 




 In 1944, the LaGuardia Committee in New York State issued a report that concluded that marijuana was safe. It systematically contradicted claims made by the U.S. Treasury Department that smoking marijuana resulted in insanity, physical and mental deterioration, that it caused criminal behavior or juvenile delinquency, that it was physically addictive, or a "gateway" drug to more dangerous drugs.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Guardia_Committee

http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/library/studies/lag/lagmenu.htm 














 I'm having trouble deciding whether you don't know what the word "literally" means or the word "definition". 




 People from New Hampshire literally do nothing but sit around reading the Constitution all day. I swear to God they're all like this. 




 Look at a place like Buffalo which I think is the kind of place you're describing. Not too fucked, but lots of room for improvement. Possible to rent relatively cheaply, existing arts scene, some interest in non-conventional politics.
Bring back the idea of communes, but this time, keep them in cities. People living together to keep costs down, rent and food costs down, share medical through private clinics. Also, people need to see that right now it's more important to vote in local elections and go to city or town council meetings since most of the fascistic control in the US is coming through local ordinances. The police state needs to be controlled at local level, especially since there is no longer any real democracy at the national level. 




 There used to be a magazine called The Idler that had the basic premise that laziness and doing nothing can be one of the most potent forms of resistance to technological systems that control humanity. I think that's what they were getting at, I was too lazy to finish the articles. 




 I've found that eating more vegetables and fruit has cut my food costs a bit. Cutting out refined sugar and flour also gives me more energy. 




 I'll buy that for a dollar. 




 "Enlightenment is idealism." I disagree with this. Enlightenment is a real thing, not an imagined thing, not something that you will into being. It's something that's already there inside of each person, not an ideal to be reached. It's our humanity, our spirit. It's the very essence of pragmatism, but not the bullshit pragmatism of mass manipulators and psycho controllers. It's the pragmatism of knowing who you are and realizing that anything that subtracts from who you really are is a fiction. 




 I wouldn't say that it's possible to cut out my exposure to all ads, but by quitting cable, using ad blocker, and keeping my head down, I've drastically reduced the amount of advertising that reaches me. Every now and then, I'll try to turn on a basketball game, and I am at the point where it is like an assault on my senses all the crap they try to push. I can't make it through a full game these days, I just start feeling fucking nauseous. Consequently, I barely ever buy anything anymore besides food and books. 




 Great post. I totally agree. When a culture gets to a point where you have to take a side on everything, where you can never say "I don't know", where no amount of cognitive dissonance is tolerated, then that is a culture of pure control.
People can look at enlightenment as this airy fairy spiritual thing, but at the end of the day it is really a very political process. Waking up to one's place in the world is highly political. Gaining some measure of control over one's own thoughts is as political as it gets. Buddhism offers some very useful techniques to learn how to control the ego, but it is far  from the only way. 
Ultimately, spiritual or political awakening take a lot of work and endurance. No set of dogmas will do it, and there is no one way to get there. 




 Huxley wasn't advocating mass hypnotism, he was against it. "Another lucky accident was Freuds inability to hypnotize successfully and his consequent disparagement of hypnotism." He's saying it was a good thing that there was a delay in bringing about this kind of governmental control. Huxley was a brilliant, perceptive thinker, and in many ways, he was warning about a world that resembles our own even more than that of 1984.  




 VALIS is actually more of an autobiography than a novel. That shit actually happened to Dick. The Black Iron Prison is a real thing. That's what makes his writing so powerful. I think Philip K Dick will eventually be regarded as the greatest mystic of the 20th century. 




 Just say no to memes. 




 Beck rules, fuck Kanye.
 




 I think you found the right sub for this. 




 It's a mix of truth and exaggeration in Zeitgeist. A lot of the religious stuff comes from a woman named Acharya. She is basically repeating a lot of the claims made by a 19th century writer called Gerald Massey who really was coming up with ideas using nothing more than his imagination. Some of the broad claims are absolutely true, ie: how Christianity was changed by Emperor Constantine into a sun worshipping cult based around Apollo (with Constantine the stand in for Apollo) but most of the claims about how these deities repeat in different religions are strained. The stuff equating Mary with Meru for example is just garbage. There was no global religion. There are probably broad global archetypes that most religions draw on. Zeitgeist is repeating a 19th century obsession with seeing the religions of the West as originating with India, but these really are very different species. Until you get to Gnosticism at which point, all bets are off. 




 Someone said years ago that the elites would create phony enemies out of the Soviet Union first, the Islam, and finally extraterrestrials. The real enemy is humanity.
It must be fun to destroy an entire planet and enslave a species if you're a psychopath. 




 Do cops get a sexual thrill out of murdering innocent dudes like this? These asshole police are not like normal people, they scare the shit out of me. 




 The CIA was deeply involved in Jamaican politics in the 70's and Marley scared them because he had a lot of sway with a broad spectrum of Jamaican society. He was involved in peace concerts during a period when Jamaica basically was at civil war.

(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Love_Peace_Concert) 




 No unions, no anti-corporate rhetoric. What's left? Pray to our godlike overlords? Will them to improve themselves morally? The best jobs I've had, the ones where I've come closest to being treated respectfully, have all been unionized. 
Left wing libertarianism is a beautiful thing, check it out. 




 For most of your news? Really? Sweet Jesus. 




 Spot fucking on. People need to watch this guy. 




 What were the other 17 years, police actions? 




 Speak for yourself my friend, it's been hitting me and my wife damn hard and we haven't been 19 in a long while. 




 Sickening. 




 Even a stuffed shirt is correct twice a day. 




 Add regular extreme weather events, never ending war against fictional enemies, drought and disease cleansing the population in the poorest countries, Fukushima radiation spilling out and poisoning half the planet, and the death of our oceans... then you've got a picture that looks like today's world. The Apocalypse is already here. 




 Borders should be open for human beings and restricted for capital. But we have the reverse right now which is why the world has become a giant playground for the mega-wealthy. Also, did you realize there are one million American citizens living in Mexico? No one seems to complain about that! 




 Immigration is just another issue used to distract people from the real issues. Anyone on this reddit who is still busy getting angry about immigration basically doesn't get it. You're being manipulated whatever your views on the subject. Stop letting people stir up your emotions, that's how they control you. Come to every issue with an open mind and use logic. 




 I saw that vigil at UC Davis. It was inspiring. I slept at Zuccotti Park and had to walk past a gauntlet of 100 NYPD revving the engines of their fucking bikes as I went past them. Goons. That was the first time in my adult life that I really woke up to just how much of a police state the US has become which would have been heartbreaking but the people at OWS were like this collection of the best this country has to offer. I left there knowing that the Goons will win battle after battle, but they can't stop real Americans even if those Americans don't get on TV or in newspapers.  




 People like to ridicule the Boomers and sometimes deservedly so, but the anti-Vietnam war movement of the sixties was the last time the people of America seriously threatened the powers that be. Student activists were a major part of that. Where is today's Mario Savio? Savio was a classics major who could express powerful thoughts in an articulate way. Today he would probably be studying for an MBA or a professional degree and be saddled with so much debt that an arrest record for civil disobedience would destroy his life. People on this subreddit would do well to study what happened back in the sixties. 




 They also worshipped a bat god. 




 Good post. I could care less if someone believes in God or not. I'm personally agnostic but very interested in spirituality, but what makes me nervous is that atheism seems to be a new kind of religion. A fundamentalist, intolerant one at that, and what is worse is that the adherents of this new religion refuse to acknowledge that they've formed an organized religion. I can't imagine that ending well. 




 I hope she makes a million dollars out of these jerks. 




 Thanks, I'll read that. 




 Huh? 




 Now we have our very own Gulag. Well done America. 




 McAdams is so absurdly biased that he loses credibility. Try this site instead: (http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?showforum=126) 




 Dorothy Kilgallen and Mary Pinchot Meyer were two extremely suspicious deaths in connection to the JFK assassination. Kilgallen was a very well known reporter who just before she died did an interview with Jack Ruby that she told a friend was going "to blow the case open". Mary Pinchot Meyer was one of JFK's mistresses who was murdered within a year of the assasination in a quiet, safe part of Washington DC while taking a walk. 

Here's a link with a list: (http://www.maebrussell.com/Disappearing%20Witnesses/Disappearing%20Witnesses.html) 




 I saw that, good article. I'd also include anyone sitting in US prison for non-violent drug offenses to the list of political prisoners. 




 The US has 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners. We have far more prisoners than China including even China's political prisoners. 




 Afghanistan was about the minerals, approximately one trillion dollars of untapped resources... [(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mining_in_Afghanistan)] 




 Does this mean he's going to break into his own house and shoot himself in the head? 




 Doesn't sound like a rant at all. Sounds like a neat assessment of the challenge that is facing us. In stark terms, human beings are born into slave systems where we no longer own our own bodies or food or land. These are the purview of corporations and governments. But the one thing in our favor is that it only takes a tiny percentage of people to make these entities look really bad. 




 Rogan did another earlier show with Randall Carlson who has also appeared on Red Ice Creations. 




 It's damn hard for the poor, but there are ways. Learning to grow their own food in community gardens is one, something that has taken hold in unexpected places like poor neighborhoods in LA. Debt can be harder to sort out, but that's the challenge that has to be met. 




 In case you haven't heard this, might interest you:
[(http://podcasts.joerogan.net/podcasts/randall-carlson-2)] 




 Don't know if this counts as bullshit, but in case you don't know about Manson 2 and Hollywood/ the music industry:
[(http://www.paranoiamagazine.com/2013/01/the-process-church-of-the-final-judgment-and-the-manson-family-2/)] 




 I'd like to know more about the history of the military industrial complex as well as the development of specific weaponry for behavior modification. 














 Change starts in you. Stop putting poison into your body and pretending it's food, stop taking on debt, stop doing things you don't want to do because you're scared you might look weird for doing something else. Stop looking at things in terms of left/right, Democrat/Republican, right/wrong, black/white... try to see different sides of issues. Read, think, reclaim your mind. Don't wait for the government or business to save the world. Only you can do that. 




 Welcome to the controlled internet. 




 And so it begins... 




 Cowards shooting a man running away. This looks like some Central American death squad. It's lucky no one else was killed by their stray bullets. 




 I found the comments section of that article incredibly disturbing. 




 Here's a few that are good:
On JFK: *Brothers*; *JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why It Matters*

On Nazis: *The Occult Roots of Nazism* ; 
*The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology*

On Military Industrial Complex: *SOLDIERS OF REASON: The RAND Corporation and the Rise of the American Empire*

On MKULTRA: *A Terrible Mistake: The Murder of Frank Olson and the CIA's Secret Cold War Experiments*

Also it's not a book, but if you're interested in Big Pharma, make sure you watch *Sugar: the Bitter Truth* by Dr Robert Lustig
[(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBnniua6-oM)] 




 Thanks, great recommendations. 





























 Anarchists and libertarians really agree on 90% of stuff once we cut through the rhetoric. 




 A great read on that subject:
[Dark Alliance](http://catalog.sevenstories.com/products/dark-alliance-the-cia-the-contras-and-the-cocaine-explosion-movie-tie-in-edition). 




 I consider myself left wing libertarian. I just find libertarians in the US unrealistic about how the government corpocracy that we currently have will simply go away. I get how government policies feed these entities and make them grow bloated. I get all that about government waste and red tape. I also get how tax policies screw small and mid sizes companies while favoring multinationals. But how do we change any of that without good regulatory policy? It seems like the one thing government should be doing. I mean get rid of the DEA, the ATF, and the Education Department, cut down the military, reign in Homeland Security, and totally re-do intelligence. But we need a strong SEC. Markets now expand to dangerous levels, the financial system is insanely unstable. Good regulation instead of Fannie and Freddie would have spared a lot of home buyers a great deal of pain. 




 That's just the thing. Listening to some of those teenagers speaking, they really seemed pretty aware of broader issues. They're obviously going about it the wrong way, but I do see this as a very political event. 




 Like I said, I was just basing my argument off of what I saw on TV last night. It seems things escalated in a crazy way. 




 Wondering what people's opinions are on this sub about transhumanism. 




 Speaking of "keeping bullshit savagery to themselves" I wish you would take your own advice. 




 Thanks. 
The senior center getting burned is really fucking stupid. I admit I overstated my case! 




 That's really sad if true. I'm just saying what I saw on TV. I could be wrong. 




 Just my observation watching news footage yesterday, I saw people breaking into CVS, liquor stores, and payday lenders. I saw people throwing objects at cops. In other words, they were targeting the source of a lot of the hardship in their lives, failed health care and banking systems and failed criminal justice system. What I didn't see were any local -non-chain - businesses targeted. Or places where the community meets like churches and community centers. I didn't see any free clinics getting burned. 
Don't get me wrong, people burning private citizens cars is just bullshit, and I don't condone the looting. But these kids aren't dumb monsters who are desperate to set fire to buildings and get high just because they're bored. Their anger is real. 




 Agreed. The Eugenics movement in the US in the first part of the 20th century was the model for what happened in Germany. However, a lot of those Americans became active supporters of Nazism. Also the experiments against Americans citizens have started to come out. People know a bit about MKULTRA but the scope of it is really starting to come out.  




 I get that's what libertarians believe, but I think that if government regulation of markets is removed then you basically have shifted the government to corporations and to the financial services sector. While I don't like big government and certainly am not claiming that our democracy is in good shape, I like the principle that people have a right to step and reign in excesses in the markets. I see the current shift to corporate oligarchy as being similar to corporate syndicalism. Granted, libertarians probably don't like how things are, but the absence of good policy will result in undemocratic corporate government. 




 Chem train? Sounds like an Ozzy song. 




 While some may have been "quasi prisoners", most were not. What the German scientists who were brought over under Paperclip did was to forge an alliance between the intelligence services and scientific research community. This might not have happened without them. And if you believe that most of these guys were innocent technocrats, look up [Hubertus Strughold](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubertus_Strughold) the "Father of Space Medicine" with NASA who placed priosners in Dachau in air pressure chambers until their eyeballs exploded. Don't sanitize this stuff. Many of these men were evil. 




 I'm not confused, I just happen to believe that corporations are now the state.  




 Thanks, will give that a look. I tend not to see this as a left or right thing. I think it is an ideology that infected people across the spectrum. Mostly it seems to be driven by worship at the altar of technological efficiency. But I'll check it out. 




 Hear, hear. The man's a fucking hero. There are criticisms that can be made of Chomsky, but he's been on the battle lines forever. If people want to pick on a CIA plant posing as a left wing thinker, go look at Gloria Steinem. 




 Corporate syndicalism is the link to libertarianism in the US. In Europe, libertarians are usually considered left wing - aka anarchists - but they became right wing libertarians in the US largely because of their belief in the goodness of the corporate model. I think there are substantial differences between libertarians and fascists, but in terms of economic models, they're birds of a feather. 




 Metformin, another fine product from the folks who brought you LSD. Thanks Sandoz! 




 Fascism was a very influential ideology with those in power from the 1930s onwards. From  [the Business Plot](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Plot) in 1933 onwards, you could argue that Fascism shaped America more than any other belief system. It has been the model our economy is based on - corporate syndicalism - and it has largely shaped our transition into a militarist society that fetishizes technological efficiency at the expense of human worth. Quite literally Nazi scientists and technicians flooded into the US after WW2 under [Operation Paperclip](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip). The technological elite of the Nazis became the American technological elite. I think it is no exaggeration to say that we now live in their world.

Some good books on the subject: [Peter Levenda's Sinister Forces](http://www.amazon.com/Sinister-Forces-The-Nine-Political-Witchcraft/dp/0975290622)


[Jim Marrs The Rise of the Fourth Reich](http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Fourth-Reich-Societies-Threaten/dp/0061245593/ref=sr_1_2?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1430233232 sr=1-2 keywords=jim+marrs+books)

[Linda Hunt Secret Agenda](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/book/index.php?md5=09AEA9234668F28FF07EBC963FB4B066)

and an article: [Americas Unique Fascism](http://jimmarrs.com/news_events/news/america%E2%80%99s-unique-fascism/)
 




 I am not advocating violence or the killing of cops, but after [the killing of two NYPD cops](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2014/12/20/man_shoots_and_kills_two_new_york_city_police_officers.html) by Ismaaiyl Brinsley, the NYPD bascially went on [strike](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/the-nypds-work-stoppage-is-surreal-20141231) with cops refusing to make arrests on minor infractions as a protest against the mayor. The crime rate during the police slowdown fell like over 60%. That includes for serious crimes like rape and murder. NYC had its all time record during that period for days without a murder. 




 Those regulatory bodies were and are a joke. The real regulatory teeth of the SEC were taken years ago and it ceased to be a regulatory agency after the repeal of Glass Steagall in 98. I'm all for small government, but that includes the unelected government of the oligarchs that we have today. And above all TPP is not about free trade. It is a massive sop to large corporations to the detriment of small and mid size employers. And worst of all is the undermining of sovereign law. If you're against big government, don't buy into the lie that this is about free trade, it's really not. This is about global government and the weakening of national democracies. 




 The NSA, Area 51, and Amazon. 




 Still working on this end. They're saying the Orioles are taking batting practice. Jesus. 




 I agree with all that. Funny though that the two places I've seen looted so far have been a CVS and a payday loans place. In other words, two of the sources of economic hardship for people. On the other hand, fucking up people's rides is just wrong.  




 Thanks. 




 I don't think they could possibly know for sure, but at the same time the resistance against the police lines has looked coordinated with groups throwing missiles then retreating to other positions. We'll see as the night goes on what the hell is going on. Pretty crazy, hope it doesn't get more violent. 




 Profit is a great thing when a product is involved. Should education be a product? There are other ways to think about it.  




 If anyone can find a livestream, please post a link below. 




 Great article. Very moving. 














 From the article:
Public Citizen observes that the TPP would provide big banks with a backdoor means of watering down efforts to re-regulate Wall Street, after deregulation triggered the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression:

The TPP would forbid countries from banning particularly risky financial products, such as the toxic derivatives that led to the $183 billion government bailout of AIG. It would prohibit policies to prevent banks from becoming too big to fail, and threaten the use of firewalls to prevent banks that keep our savings accounts from taking hedge-fund-style bets.

The TPP would also restrict capital controls, an essential policy tool to counter destabilizing flows of speculative money. . . . And the deal would prohibit taxes on Wall Street speculation, such as the proposed Robin Hood Tax that would generate billions of dollars worth of revenue for social, health, or environmental causes. 




 I'm guessing then that he means the neo-Cons like Cheney and Rumsfeld who were big players in the Ford administration. Post watergate, those people all came up with their poisonous ideology. 




 What does he mean by 30 years? That it goes back to the early 70s or that it will last 30 years until 2031? 




 Communism and anarchism are very different things. Which is it? Do you actually know the difference? 




 From the Unabomber Manifesto:
Control of Human Behavior

143. Since the beginning of civilization, organized societies have had to put pressures on human beings for the sake of the functioning of the social organism. The kinds of pressures vary greatly from one society to another. Some of the pressures are physical (poor diet, excessive labor, environmental pollution), some are psychological (noise, crowding, forcing human behavior into the mold that society requires). In the past, human nature has been approximately constant, or at any rate has varied only within certain bounds. Consequently, societies have been able to push people only up to certain limits. When the limit of human endurance has been passed, things start going wrong: rebellion, or crime, or corruption, or evasion of work, or depression and other mental problems, or an elevated death rate, or a declining birth rate or something else, so that either the society breaks down, or its functioning becomes too inefficient and it is (quickly or gradually, through conquest, attrition or evolution) replaced by some more efficient form of society.[25]

144. Thus human nature has in the past put certain limits on the development of societies. People could be pushed only so far and no farther. But today this may be changing, because modern technology is developing ways of modifying human beings.

145. Imagine a society that subjects people to conditions that make them terribly unhappy, then gives them drugs to take away their unhappiness. Science fiction? It is already happening to some extent in our own society. It is well known that the rate of clinical depression has been greatly increasing in recent decades. We believe that this is due to disruption of the power process, as explained in paragraphs 59-76.)

146. Drugs that affect the mind are only one example of the methods of controlling human behavior that modern society is developing. Let us look at some of the other methods.

147. To start with, there are the techniques of surveillance. Hidden video cameras are now used in most stores and in many other places, computers are used to collect and process vast amounts of information about individuals. Information so obtained greatly increases the effectiveness of physical coercion (i.e., law enforcement).[26] Then there are the methods of propaganda, for which the mass communications media provide effective vehicles. Efficient techniques have been developed for winning elections, selling products, influencing public opinion. The entertainment industry serves as an important psychological tool of the system, possibly even when it is dishing out large amounts of sex and violence. Entertainment provides modern man with an essential means of escape. While absorbed in television, videos, etc., he can forget stress, anxiety, frustration, dissatisfaction. Many primitive peoples, when they don't have any work to do, are quite content to sit for hours at a time doing nothing at all, because they are at peace with themselves and their world. But most modern people must be constantly occupied or entertained, otherwise they get "bored," i.e., they get fidgety, uneasy, irritable.

148. Other techniques strike deeper that the foregoing. Education is no longer a simple affair of paddling a kid's behind when he doesn't know his lessons and patting him on the head when he does know them. It is becoming a scientific technique for controlling the child's development. Sylvan Learning Centers, for example, have had great success in motivating children to study, and psychological techniques are also used with more or less success in many conventional schools. "Parenting" techniques that are taught to parents are designed to make children accept the fundamental values of the system and behave in ways that the system finds desirable. "Mental health" programs, "intervention" techniques, psychotherapy and so forth are ostensibly designed to benefit individuals, but in practice they usually serve as methods for inducing individuals to think and behave as the system requires. (There is no contradiction here; an individual whose attitudes or behavior bring him into conflict with the system is up against a force that is too powerful for him to conquer or escape from, hence he is likely to suffer from stress, frustration, defeat. His path will be much easier if he thinks and behaves as the system requires. In that sense the system is acting for the benefit of the individual when it brainwashes him into conformity.) Child abuse in its gross and obvious forms is disapproved in most if not all cultures. Tormenting a child for a trivial reason or no reason at all is something that appalls almost everyone. But many psychologists interpret the concept of abuse much more broadly. Is spanking, when used as part of a rational and consistent system of discipline, a form of abuse? The question will ultimately be decided by whether or not spanking tends to produce behavior that makes a person fit in well with the existing system of society. In practice, the word "abuse" tends to be interpreted to include any method of child-rearing that produces behavior inconvenient for the system. Thus, when they go beyond the prevention of obvious, senseless cruelty, programs for preventing "child abuse" are directed toward the control of human behavior on behalf of the system.

149. Presumably, research will continue to increase the effectiveness of psychological techniques for controlling human behavior. But we think it is unlikely that psychological techniques alone will be sufficient to adjust human beings to the kind of society that technology is creating. Biological methods probably will have to be used. We have already mentioned the use of drugs in this connection. Neurology may provide other avenues for modifying the human mind, Genetic engineering of human beings is already beginning to occur in the form of "gene therapy," and there is no reason to assume that such methods will not eventually be used to modify those aspects of the body that affect mental functioning,  




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 









 Don't know if this is connected, but I watched [this amazing 1950s era documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POWR2H89QVY) about the US military building a secret base in Greenland. 




 The problem is that from our perspective, the education system is completely broken, but as far as the system is concerned, everything is fine. Profits are rolling in, a demoralized, brainwashed workforce is being produced to supply multinational corporations with worker drones. There's no point in trying to fix a system like that. People have to think bigger than coming up with patches to fix fundamentally evil systems. The same could be said for the financial systems that rule over us. And healthcare etc... 




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 




 [War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America's Campaign to Create a Master Race by Edwin Black ](http://www.amazon.com/War-Against-Weak-Eugenics-Americas/dp/0914153293)
    Great read.

Also this doc along similar lines: [War on the Weak](https://archive.org/details/WarOnTheWeak) 




 A lot of this stuff, especially loitering laws, was used to basically force black people into conditions of slavery again in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Basically anyone who couldn't prove that they were employed would be charged with vagrancy and arrested, then forced into involuntary labor through the prison system. 
Nowadays there's more white people experiencing some of the bullshit that blacks and Latinos have had to put up with forever. Here's a great documentary on the subject if anyone is interested:

[Slavery by Another Name](http://www.pbs.org/tpt/slavery-by-another-name/watch/) 




 I'm finding no sign of sherril_elkaderi anywhere outside this picture. Not on twitter as of right now. 




 This is some seriously messed up shit. They're not even trying to hide that American democracy is dead, are they? 




 If by "crazy" you mean sociopath, then I agree wholeheartedly. 




 I'm left wing, but she makes me ill. I feel like voting for Rand Paul just to spite her supporters. 









 Before he got murdered? Not sure what he was working on. Apparently his friends called him Grandma because he used to drive so slow. Whatever he was working on, it pissed someone off. 









 Some people claim the Mahabarata describes a nuclear blast at Mohenjo Daro in Pakistan:

(http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/arqueologia/esp_mohenjo_daro_1.htm) 




 I sure hope they get their house back so they can go sit in it and just be batshit crazy there all day. 




 No, I meant that it was highly organized and involved very wealthy, powerful people. 




 [Jeffrey Epstein begs to differ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Epstein) 




 I don't know what the truth is about that case, but I definitely had misgivings about how the kids seemed to be pressured into giving testimony by the mother and stepfather in the original video. Even if all this stuff did happen to the kids, they were effectively experiencing another round of trauma by their angry parents who didn't seem to be putting the emotional health of the kids first and foremost. 









 I actually found her letter hilarious in its exasperation, but maybe you're right. Vice is weird.  




 I guess the question is: are these fuck ups? They do this with such regularity that it starts to look like an insane plan. 
























 Don't blame the teacher for that. Blame the morons who run the school. They should be fired. And her lawsuit if successful provides a strong disincentive to school officials pulling this stunt again elsewhere. 




 Because the main thing is not to look weak. Even if it means we look batshit crazy, that's fine, just not weak. 




 Well put.  




 We've been using remote strikes to spread terror since at least the Tokyo firebombing in WW2. 




 We? 




 Now you people are just getting creepy. 




 Oh, well that's just a huge relief. I'll go back to bed.  




 I would hesitate to use the word "our". I'm not sure whose leaders they are, but they're probably not ours. Real democracy has been on its death bed for a while and this treaty is the death certificate. 




 Maybe it's because people weren't able to "think outside the box" like this crack team of early childhood terror experts. 




 This legislation will empower corporations giving them a global government that sidesteps any democratic controls. This is the NWO that the elites have always dreamed of and it scares the shit out of me. 




 This treaty is the legal framework for the global government run by corporations. This is the real NWO. 




 At some point America has to reach peak retardation. What were these bozos thinking? Of course they're going to get their asses sued to high heaven. Hope she makes a bundle. 









 I tend to agree, as far as choking them off from the source of their power. But where the money goes can show you what their intentions are. Half of tax money goes to military matters, that means the powers that be are still working to hide the fact from the masses that we are now a military state. 




 There's a long depressing story about why this vanished. The reporters who worked on this had their careers ended. Someone really went to work to discredit them in the late 90s. CNN and other MSM went from being places where good journalism could sometimes sneak through to brainless controlled mouthpieces around that time. 




 Interesting article. But as far as the general consensus regarding "changes in vector populations", can you explain the incredible coincidence that the major new North American vector emerged just across from Plum Island at Old Lyme? Especially when the work there involved the weaponization of ticks and other aerial delivery systems? Of course they didn't create some bacteria out of synthetic goo, they would have used an existing strain. Possibly the scientists were able to  manipulate the bacteria on a genetic level to make it more deadly. All conjecture, but they sure as hell were doing something in that lab. 




 But what became referred to as Lyme disease after 1975, while sharing characteristics of earlier tick borne bacterial infections was on another level. You hear about rashes and skin conditions in Europe that look like the Lyme rash, but as far as I know, they don't have anywhere near the severity especially with the arthritic like pain that happens now. And there's weird stuff with personality shifts that suggest neurological impairment. If this stuff existed before, I would honestly like to read about it. I just suspect this bacteria was somehow weaponized. 




 Lyme is a lot more than a "chronic skin rash".
 




 There's a great book by Ralph McGehee called Deadly Deceits where he describes his success in doing real effective counterinsurgency in Thailand. When he tried to transfer some of his practices to Vietnam, no one was interested including Colby who basically made it known that the chaos the US created in Vietnam was by design. They had no intention of bringing order to the place, there were too many officers enjoying themselves and too many contractors making fortunes. Sound like any recent wars? 




 Counterinsurgency is a deeply flawed notion. It comes from the British repression of Malaysian communists after WW2, and the world's military forces hold it like Bible truth that what the British did there worked when in fact all that happened was brutal repression that increased the communist presence in rural areas. Vietnam's hearts and minds program was a major joke, they used to have warehouses full of color TVs and beer like the army couldn't think of anything better America could bring to an ancient culture like Vietnam. Having spoken with some military people about this, my impression is that officers really believe this garbage works but grunts know from experience that the countries we occupy become ungovernable mayhem. It all comes down to money in the end, right? Counterinsurgency equals LOTS of contracts. 




 I'll check it out, thanks. 




 No it hasn't. The first reported case was back in the 70s 




 Something about this attack makes me sad, thinking about the parents whose kids were in that village in Laos and they never got to bury them or hear the truth about how they died. I did research for a book set in the Vietnam War and was finding all these accounts of US soldiers joining the NVA and actually fighting with the North or the VC. 




 I think that's where I learned about it originally. If you look at a map, the disease vector for the spread of Lyme from the 70s onwards points like an arrow right at the Germ Lab which was a major Cold War Bio Chem research site. Essentially Lyme is a neurotoxin and anyone who gets it goes through hell. 




 How about Rosebud? 









 Apparently US embassy personnel during that era received hardship pay because so many workers and officials were developing illnesses including leukemia. 





























 The troops are there because the corrupt Baltimore police force have been killing people for years and couldn't get their shit in order. The riot was inevitable. Anyone who knew Baltimore is amazed it didn't happen way earlier.  




 That breaks my fucking heart. 









 Clarence "I found a pube on my Coke" Thomas? We should devote an entire day to that guy on this sub. 




 Word.

[Agent Orange and Monsanto](https://www.organicconsumers.org/old_articles/monsanto/agentorange032102.php) 














 Erm except for this:
[Monsanto has sued farmers 16 years never lost a case](http://www.fooddemocracynow.org/blog/2014/sep/6/monsanto_has_sued_farmers_16_years_never_lost_case) 




 Pan y tierra muchacho! Pan y tierra! 




 No pasaran!

 




 It's an instinctive thing. People don't want to face it especially when there's usually plausible deniability. I can't blame people for being freaked about the rabbit hole. People don't want to know. But the thing is it only takes a few percent of the population to get it for change to happen. 




 Who loves ya! 




 One more thing: use a TOR browser. VPN alone is insufficient. Look into getting something called Pretty Good Privacy. 




 Unfortunately you'll be grouped in with them. Another tip is to contact organizations that you respect in other countries. Here's a very old one, the IWW, also known as the Wobblies,  check them out and if you agree with their views or even if you don't, consider contacting them for advice or help: [the IWW](https://www.iww.org.uk/) 




 Serious advice: be paranoid. Cover your identity carefully. Only send e-mail if you can secure it. Stay anonymous. Use VPNs. Wipe traces of what you do. Organize yourselves but be smart. Be careful who you trust, you WILL be infiltrated. Never openly advocate violence or let anyone trick you into advocating that. Watch a movie called the Battle of Algiers from the 50s for amazing tips on organizing secretly using the principle of threes. Don't openly call yourselves Anarchist. Stick to something like left wing libertarian or another nicer sounding name. 
Be smart, be safe, and good luck! I wish you the best, it makes me very happy to hear that your group exists! 




 Holy shit, infrastructure... forgot about that. That's one we really need to talk about more on this sub. What a disgrace American infrastructure is now! 




 It's all in the timing. 




 He's practicing luring his prey in close, so he doesn't have to waste bullets. He can just gut his target with a Bowie knife. 




 Exactly. I think that's a huge part of the equation. 




 Funny you say Iraq. I think you could make a case that this is an example of blowback. 




 What Bieber listening drone downvoted KRS1? Take this: [Sound Of Da Police ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jcojxeMibA) 




 Just subscribed. Great sub. 




 KRS1 had it right:

Overseer, overseer, overseer, overseer
Officer, officer, officer, officer

Yeah, officer from overseer
You need a little clarity, check the similarity

 




 Diet and exercise are probably a little too much to ask. Better to slice it off or medicate. 









 Thin air. Seriously.  




 We need a new civil rights movement against police power. 




 People outside this sub have a hard time accepting there's such a thing as brainwashing, but THIS is what brainwashing looks like. It's very intentional, and it's insanely effective. 




 This scares the living shit out of me. If it doesn't scare the living shit out of you, you've been brainwashed.  




 It could have paid for education and health care for the whole country. As it is we have a trillion dollar student debt bubble that is about to pop. The next recession is going to be violent.  




 Yes we are. Martial law has many layers, and we've been living under it since WW1. There have been decades long programs to keep people under control. This goes back to the violent suppression of socialist and anarchist groups in 1918 by the Bureau of Investigation, precursor to the FBI. Eddie Bernays work in propaganda and later PR was massively connected to dissuading people from radical politics by promoting consumerism. Our society has been deliberately kept docile and apolitical.

Troops on the street are a manifestation of the existing reality. They come out when the powers that be feel they are useful. Just because troops are not on the ground during certain periods, don't be fooled into thinking that there's no martial law. 




 Join [the Rent is Too Damn High Party](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rent_Is_Too_Damn_High_Party) 




 My instinct is that this is a fake because of the blinking and Christmas lights. But if it's true that a news crew took the footage, I don't know what to think. I've seen a couple of weird UFOs before but they weren't like this. This is like the Close Encounters ship. 




 Bowart was in many ways a counter-cultural hero. He started as an editor of the underground newspaper the [East Village Other](http://eastvillageother.org/) and became a fearless researcher into America's darkest secrets. Anyone interested in conspiracy theory should know about his work.

[Walter Bowart page on Whale site](http://www.whale.to/b/bowart.html) 









 Wow, thanks for the info. I'll look into this. 




 I'm scared these cameras will end up being used against ordinary citizens. I would prefer laws to be strengthened to protect people who wish to film or record the police.  




 [Further confirmation of this insane law](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20071224165014AAcftxO) 









 That's why I still think a lot of this has to do with military technology because the proximity of events to military bases is typical.  




 No, there are fun sized candy bars in my real world. 




 You got it. 




 You're right on points one and two that a lot of stuff has been happening that is just criminal. However I totally disagree on point three, I know people in Baltimore and the activism during the Ferguson protests and since has been widespread. The organized protests against the Freddie Gray killing were big and peaceful. I think there has to be a distinction between people who engage in criminality and the majority who do not.  Many of those involved in organizing protests against the police have been on the front line attempting to stop the violence. 




 Or he'll be in some blockbuster starring a journalist as the hero who saves everyone. Hollywood is predictably twisted that way. 




 Mark Passio's really good. He had a good talk where he was explaining that Anarchism doesn't mean a society with no rules but instead a society with no rulers. 




 After a few years where I feel like the UFO issue has been overshadowed by other stuff, things seem to be heating up again: [San Diego Lights yesterday](http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/Mysterious-Lights-Spotted-Above-San-Diego-301729021.html). 




 It's how they're covering the riots. They always cover riots because they can whip people up and scare them and that sells papers. 




 [You break the law every day without knowing it](http://www.zerohedge.com/contributed/2013-10-22/you-break-law-every-day-without-even-knowing-it) 




 So many of the stories about police abuse follow a narrative of "the bad cop" deviating from all the good cops, but this case in South LA really shows how systemic the problem is when it comes to how the police view and deal with the public. 









 You mean the cops should behave themselves better? I agree. As for doing an illegal U-turn every now and then, we've all been there. People do what people have got to do. If you're white you get a ticket when they catch you, if you're a person of color, you get arrested and/or beaten. 




 The final episode of the Almighty Johnsons. 




 Media bias that regularly paints ordinary citizens as violent animals is a conspiracy. Maybe it's an intentional one by power elites or maybe it's a systemic one caused by the financial bottom line of the media companies who need to sensationalize everything in order to sell copy, but it's still a conspiracy because in the end the media distorts reality and people get harmed because of that distortion. 




 Just like all those rich neighborhoods where no one does drugs? Or the middle class or blue collar ones that are so drug free? Drugs are everywhere, so why is it only poor people get locked up for them?  




 What's great about this is that after Morgan Freeman offers a nuanced perspective about how maybe just maybe some elements of the media are starting to listen to protestors after their shameful misrepresentation of them in Ferguson, the reporter then sensationalizes Freeman's message by focusing on his throwaway line at the end thus proving that the media really does suck. 



















 Great quote. 




 Fuck the law. 




 If people want to do drugs, let them. Who gives a shit? What kind of moralistic assholes give a shit about people doing drugs? I mean, I don't personally do drugs, but listening to assholes telling me how evil drugs are makes me want to get high as fuck. 




 We have 5% of the world's population and 25% of the world's prison population. We have far more prisoners than China including Chinese political prisoners. We also have legalized slave labor as enshrined under the Constitution which exempts prisoners from the prohibition on forced labor. And trust me, what's happening in Baltimore has a lot to do with African American men being removed from society for prolonged periods of time to serve sentences for non-violent drug crimes. How can communities function let alone grow and thrive when all the men are taken from them? And at least Stalin's gulags weren't for profit.  




 Pretty intense, I'd want to know more about the video before judging it. As an aside, why are the comments in /r/news always so stupid? I mean, no one can say anything that isn't jokey. Can't they ever say their opinion without trying to make it seem cute or ironic? I hate leaving this sub for other subs. 




 Another dimension of this is that Weld comes from one of the most powerful and wealthy families in American history. William Weld was governor of Massachusetts for example.  




 It's kind of nuts, that's why it's hard to follow.  The theory says that Tuesday Weld, sixties actress, was at the center of a satanic underground. She does pop up in a lot of places including the Stones song Ruby Tuesday. She had connections to the Sharon Tate murder and to a ton of esoteric goings on during the 60s and 70s. The guy who is talking about this theory is named Jeff Turner and there was an amazing documentary about him called I Think We're Alone Now. This is one of the weirder conspiracies to come out of the sixties. 









 I guess what I'm saying is Bernays taught the black magic and Hoover acted on it. 




 So - if I've got this straight - if they get caught it's a conspiracy, but if they don't get caught, we're tinfoil wearing loonies. 




 No other single human being is so responsible for brainwashing the masses as he was. People point to Bernays, but he was just trying to dupe us into buying shit we don't need. Hoover set groups against one another and turned this into a spiteful, paranoid country. It's like we're living inside the guy's twisted head. 




 Or better yet, sit your five year old in front of this: [COINTELPRO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDbVIDJnPzA) 




 I'll give it a stab: Hoover... bad man... FBI program to frame and disrupt political activities by blacks, Latinos, lefties, and college kids... highly illegal... Fred Hampton and other Panthers murdered... Vietnam protesters harassed, John Lennon followed, mass infiltration of activist groups that continues to this day.
I'm assuming I'm talking to a really smart five year old.
In a nutshell: America is far more right wing today because of COINTELPRO. 




 Sorry to spam, but here's a discussion of this history from Democratic Underground: (http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all address=104x4086438) 




 This was a classic technique from  [COINTELPRO](http://disinfo.com/2013/01/the-return-of-cointelpro-2/) and they're still going strong! 




 This is seriously fascinating stuff. I'd like people to keep a keener eye on the behavior of the super rich. 




 [America](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDbVIDJnPzA) 














 [Rupert Sheldrake's The Science Delusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKHUaNAxsTg).
It's called the cult of scientism. Science and scientific method are great. Dogma is not. 




 Ironic somewhat that #14 has 12 points and is complaining about being deprived of a right to due process. Apologies if I'm reading this wrong. Could be a Reddit glitch for all I know. 




 Kaczynski drew much of his philosophy from Ellul and in particular the book I posted called Technological Society. In fact they had a long correspondence where the one thing they disagreed about was the use of violence. Check it out, you might find it interesting even though it was originally written in the 50's! 




 Cool. I think you essentially have the idea. It's about human beings becoming more purposeful with their use of technology, taking the reigns back and not just having blind faith in technological systems. Technology certainly can save us, but we have to cultivate the wisdom to use it better than we do at present. Hope you find it interesting. 




 I'm for non-violence but not necessarily peace. Creative non-violence was a powerful movement in the 70s and 80s. Collective civil disobedience can work wonders. Maybe one could argue that what we're seeing in Baltimore fits in with that. But when movements target the police or military, they're falling into a trap because those violent entities feed off of attempts at violence used against them. They love violence. Their budgets balloon, they get to seize control, they get to fear monger the public. Any act of violence - as opposed to destruction of property that results in no harming of human beings - any attempt at violent resistance will be fuel to the fire of these authoritarian forces.
Resistance needs to be smart and sustainable, but it probably shouldn't obsess over being peaceful. 




 If anyone is interested, here's a link to Ellul's masterpiece [Technological Society](http://monoskop.org/images/5/55/Ellul_Jacques_The_Technological_Society.pdf). 

No other book has had more of an influence on me.  Ellul is criminally forgotten, but his ideas are more relevant than ever. 




 I've watched this a bunch of times, but never straight through. I always get sidetracked looking stuff up. The David Ovason book The Secret Architecture of Our Nation's Capital that he bases some of this material on is a great read. 




 Hey, we've all been there. I come from a long line of cops and soldiers. It took me a while to wake up. Your co-workers will get there. We're all on the same side. 




 If anyone is interested, here's a link to Ellul's masterpiece [Technological Society](http://monoskop.org/images/5/55/Ellul_Jacques_The_Technological_Society.pdf). 

No other book has had more of an influence on me.  Ellul is criminally forgotten, but his ideas are more relevant than ever. 




 Thanks for posting that. Great video. That mirrors what I've gone through the last few years. Everything we discuss on this sub basically boils down to a war we're all in over human consciousness. The way to win the war is to reclaim your own mind and trust that others will follow this act of sanity.  



















 It's in 23 parts. No one in their sane mind would watch it all the way through. It shows Masonic symbolism in Washington and elsewhere. 





























 Good for them. I used to live next to Tufts and can say they seemed like the least apathetic/most politically aware kids in the Boston area. 




 I think your shift key may have some gunk weighing it down. 




 I hope that's it. And I really have very little against him. I just like to ignore Presidential campaign politics for as long as I can. 




 Holy crap, didn't see that. But this is a very old rumor, one I heard about when I was a kid. Barbara Bush's mother did meet Crowley and Aleister and Barbara look very similar. 




 You're spot on. And Kubrick was God. He absolutely exposed everything to anyone able to read his films. He was playing hyperdimensional chess with his audiences. 




 Not sure I follow you. 




 JFK was the last President who was foolish enough to think that the Presidency has any control over the military establishment. Stanley Kubrick said something once to the extent that you should run away in fear from anyone in power and from anyone who even wants to be in power. 




 At the very least, Barbara Bush is the spitting image of the Great Beast. 









 I wonder if it's easier to get on the front page from conspiracy in terms of lower vote count than from other subs? I mean I don't hate Sanders but political spamming two years before the election gets on my nerves. 




 And some more stuff: http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article3255.htm 




 The pollution in this region on both sides of the border is intense.

 









 [Sheldon Adelson bribed Chinese officials to get his casino in Macau](http://mediamatters.org/blog/2014/03/31/bribery-money-laundering-and-islamaphobia-the-s/198684) 




 Good Howard Zinn lecture on this: [The Three Holy Wars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUBYI97cUgU) 




 Who the fuck is voting this comment down? I don't trust these Sanders postings at all. They seem to be coordinated. 




 I used to like Bernie Sanders but all these Bernie Sanders postings have convinced me that he's probably a schmuck just like all the other ones. Anyone who would run for high office is probably a mental case. 




 This stuff is pretty intense and weird but I would be interested to read anyone's opinion about it. 









 The conspiracy is more in the sanitization of the military in this age of embedded journalism. This is a historical piece which muddies that picture. Obviously a piece that was originally published in the New York Times was hardly a secret, but it came in the pre-digital age and deserves to be discussed in a forum where people haven't been completely lulled to sleep when it comes to discussing the reality of the military and its actions. 




 More like 14 to 18 year old boys because that's the age group they need to get to in order to have a chance at these guys entering the recruitment pool. Older than that and recruitment gets harder and harder. 




 Sorry to hear about that. A lot of what drives my interest in military issues is how Vietnam vets were treated when I was a kid. I used to talk with a lot of those guys and it pissed me off for life.  Gulf War syndrome was very widespread and played down. The official explanation was that soldiers got sick from burning oil fumes. The reality was there were a lot of chemicals released/bombed. The whole region was and is a toxic wasteland. Which reminds me, I've been meaning to post some stuff on depleted uranium. 




 You mean [this guy](http://www.mediaite.com/online/excuse-me-shut-up-bernie-sanders-defends-israel-from-town-hall-hecklers/)? 




 There was so much disgusting stuff that happened in the first Gulf War, and it just got presented to the public like it was some kind of easily won video game. It was all pretty brutal. 




 U.S. Army Buried Iraqi Soldiers Alive in Gulf War
By ERIC SCHMITT, 
Published: September 15, 1991
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14 United States Army forces buried alive scores of Iraqi soldiers in their trenches in the early hours of the allied ground attack that ended the Persian Gulf war, Army commanders said this week. 
The deaths took place during the operation in which American M1-A1 tanks of the First Infantry Division cut lanes through a 10-mile-wide stretch of barbed wire, minefields, bunkers and trenches north of the Iraqi-Saudi Arabian border on Feb. 24 as the allied ground offensive unfolded. 
Army officials said the Iraqi soldiers who died remained in their trenches as plow-equipped tanks dumped tons of earth and sand onto them, filling the trenches to insure that they could not be used as cover from which to fire on allied units that were poised to pour through the gaps. Avoiding Hand-to-Hand Combat 
The Army said it knew the operation would kill Iraqis who did not surrender or otherwise get out of the way, but said the tactic spared the lives of American soldiers who would have had to leave the safety of their armored vehicles and fight Iraqi troops hand to hand in the trenches. 
"People somehow have the notion that burying guys alive is nastier than blowing them up with hand grenades or sticking them in gut with bayonets," said Col. Lon Maggart. "Well it's not." 
Colonel Maggart, commander of one of two brigades that led assaults on a key line of Iraqi defenses, said in a telephone interview from Fort Riley, Kan., that between 80 and 250 Iraqis had been buried alive. Army officials said the First Infantry's experiences had been the only incidents of live burials during the war. 
At a news conference here on Thursday, the Pentagon spokesman, Pete Williams, defended the tactic and said it did not violate the Geneva Conventions on the conduct of warfare. "I don't mean to be flippant, but there's no nice way to kill somebody in war," Mr. Williams said. 
The disclosure of the live burials, which were first reported in Newsday this week, seems likely to add to the debate about how forthcoming the Pentagon has been in providing details about the toll suffered by the Iraqi Army at the hands of American forces. 
Army officials strongly denied any attempts to hide the breaching operation, and pointed out that senior commanders had given extensive interviews about the maneuver after the war. 
Journalists in combat pools were assigned to the First Infantry during the breaching operation, but none of their reports mentioned the live burials. In fact, the reports noted that few slain Iraqis had been visible in the bunkers and trenches. 
The Pentagon has provided no official estimate of Iraq's overall casualties. The Defense Intelligence Agency issued a heavily qualified analysis in June estimating that 100,000 Iraqis had been killed and 300,000 wounded in the war but said the figures had a 50 percent margin of error. 
Breaching operations are among the most dangerous maneuvers for ground troops. Obstacles like minefields and barbed wire can slow advancing forces, leaving them particularly vulnerable to enemy attack. 
Colonel Maggart said two the First Infantry units had punched 16 tank-width lanes in the Iraqi defenses. 
In most cases M1-A1 Abrams tanks mounted with a plow were positioned on either side of and parallel to the Iraqi trenches, the colonel said. The ditches were typically several hundred yards long, three feet wide and four feet deep. Operating like snowplows, the tanks drove alongside the ditches, filling them in. Colonel Maggart said that in most cases, Iraqi troops had enough time to see the plows coming, jump out of the trenches and surrender. Gunners Beside Plow Tanks 
For those Iraqi soldiers who continued to resist from outside the trenches, Bradley fighting vehicles equipped with heavy machine guns and 25-millimeter cannon drove alongside the plow tanks, Colonel Maggart said. 
"The Iraqi soldiers that were killed in this process were those that chose to stay in their trenches or behind obstacles and fight during the breaching operation," Mr. Williams said. But neither Colonel Maggart nor Mr. Williams said how they could be sure that wounded Iraqi soldiers had been able to get out of the trenches in time. 
Colonel Maggart estimated that the Iraqi forces he had faced had numbered between 800 and 1,000 -- the 110th Brigade of the 26th Iraqi Infantry Division -- and had had four T-55 tanks. No one was killed in Colonel Maggart's brigade, which consisted of 5,222 soldiers, 125 M1-A1 tanks and more than 50 Bradle fighting vehicles. 
He said that the daytime breaching operation, including the ditch filling, had been completed in about three hours, and that the brigade had continued its advance after securing its breach zone, an area of roughly 35 square miles. 
 




 That's why I come here!
 









 Thank you, I've been looking for info about this. 




 I can't watch NFL because of the blatant, non-stop militaristic propaganda. 









 They talk about this shit on NBC and never mention Building 7? Seriously, why don't they just tell me which brain vat is mine so I can just lie down in it now. 




 That could have ended very differently.  




 I thought that was the theme of every day on here! 




 I'm not sure I agree with him about video games being to blame. I think it's too easy to demonize these games. In my opinion, porn is more of a culprit along with chemicals in the environment. 









 Seriously, watch it. It's fucking shocking stuff. 









 Good Canadian documentary on this: [The Disappearing Male](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/the-disappearing-male/) 




 Those ARE the beautiful ones. They're beautiful because they spend all their time obsessively grooming themselves instead of trying to survive. 




 Great find. I would like to see a lot more solid info about the growth of these companies on this sub. They are mentioned in this article: http://www.vice.com/en_ca/read/wall-street-at-war-0000515-v21n12 




 More info on [the Behavioral Sink](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavioral_sink).

Basically overcrowding in modern society turns us all into a bunch of preening, asexual narcissists.  




 ~~I think it's from the Louis Theroux documentary on Hypnotism~~ Sorry, wrong info. 

The clip of Delgado stopping the bull is on the net as a news reel from the sixties.  














 Another take on it from someone steeped in shadow government intrigue: [Peter Levenda and the Secret Space Program](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj2qrl6Q2rk) 




 I was thinking the same thing. It's weird. I mean the guy doesn't offend the core of my being or anything, but at the end of the day he's a politician. 




 If you don't believe this kind of technology is possible, research MKULTRA and particularly Dr Jose Delgado and look at what he was able to achieve as far back as 1965 with mind control of a bull: [bull experiment]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aa2FvH7ojBM 




 Thanks! Much appreciated. 




 Thanks! 




 That's interesting. Can you refer me to any other reading critical of AI? 




 Consider the astonishing coincidence that the two musicians most active in the Anti-Vietnam War movement - Joan Baez and Phil Ochs - both developed late adult onset multiple personality disorder which is just extremely rare in people over thirty years of age. Consider the possibility that Hendrix was killed because he turned political over the war. His manager Mike Jeffery was likely an agent in MI5.  














 any links to such raids? 














 He's talking about opponents of climate change! He's not admitting to spending that money! Don't be thick. 




 I call bullshit. The title is just wrong. I'm no fan of the CFR but I am a fan of truth. The CFR members are discussing the millions spent by the carbon energy industry to distort the debate on climate change. Whatever opinion you may hold on that debate, they are simply not admitting in this video that the CFR is spending millions to intentionally distort the debate. 

There are so many things you could post about the CFR that would criticize its activities that would be truthful, why resort to lying in your title? THis kind of propaganda, because that's what you're doing, doesn't help people in any way. 




 Very disturbing stuff. Needs to be discussed more on here. 




 These systems break when they run out of fuel. I think our job is to be as ready as possible for the day that comes because it will be intense. 




 Serious answer, and this is from personal experience: start with your own life and see how much control you can take back in that. A big change for me has been diet. I eat healthier food now than I used to, I think more clearly. I do more things because I have more energy. Some of these things are for myself, some for others. People need to reach out to each other more. This isn't just hippy BS, this is the only way to replace enormous inhuman systems. Stuff like diet and exercise can be as political as anything. Talking to people is a political act when the powers that be are happy for us to be at each others throats. Above all, educate each other. There is no system we need, just a million common sense things that humans used to do naturally. 




 Thanks man, nice to be called young once in a while! 




 I think that at the level of the people who control banking and policy, profit isn't the biggest goal. They create money out of the air as it is, so I can't believe profit means everything to them. I think they use profit for their ultimate goal which is control. Powerful people like to control other people. We're everything to them. We're their toys. 




 Right now the public is a bank utility. 




 The alternative is already there. It's who people already are. We just need large scale systems to get out of their way. We don't need the old systems replaced with new systems. I don't want to replace one elite with another one. 




 Then you're one of the lucky ones. And seriously, good for you. I have no problem with that. But some of the places I've been in America have been disheartening in the extreme. Places where all the jobs have been sucked out and sent abroad and the local police maintain law and order by basically considering all the poor people who are left there as criminals. We could do a lot better than this. 




 It reminded me of that old show Dark Shadows. Very aristocratic. Mind you, we were just there for the beach. 




 Why would the lack of empire make you suffer? Your life might improve markedly.  




 I stand corrected. And for those monitoring this conversation: I won't do it again. 




 Hedges has outlined alternatives repeatedly in his books and articles and on Truthdig. He may skim over it here, but he isn't some nihilist. 




 But what if the dead priest was actually a saint, and by some miracle his body is still there fifty years later smelling of roses? What then?  




 Agreed. Just in comparison, the minerals buried in the ground in Afghanistan are off the charts. 




 Replace it by decentralizing and focusing on the local and the communal. For example, take apart the agribusiness infrastructure in America to focus on smaller farms delivering produce locally. The food gets tastier and healthier, work gets created in the process. Or better yet, focus on people growing their own food as used to happen. Take this example and apply it to any major system, you can find great alternatives to the top down model. Health care, criminal justice, education, everything works better when the starting point is local rather than national/ international. 









 Very creepy, but this is already a reality here in many ways both seen and unseen. Credit scores are a huge way of controlling people's behavior for example. God knows what kind of scores the intelligence agencies keep on us. 




 From the piece:
 If you want change you can believe in, destroy the system. And changing the system does not mean collaborating with it as Bernie Sanders is doing by playing by the cooked rules of the Democratic Party. Profound social and political transformation is acknowledged in legislatures and courts but never initiated there. Radical change always comes from below. As long as our gaze is turned upward to the powerful, as long as we invest hope in reforming the system of corporate power, we will remain enslaved. There may be good people within the systemSanders and Elizabeth Warren are examplesbut that is not the point. It is the system that is rotten. It must be replaced.  









 And who cleans up that mess? Whoever has to clean up the entrails can hardly be called free. More wage slavery in my opinion. 




 Don't be fooled. Heroin is small potatoes. Afghanistan has always been about the trillion dollars in minerals they want to extract from the ground there. 




 Am I still Charlie? What am I this time? 




 And speaking of Squeaky Fromme, you might appreciate this. After she got let out of prison, she settled near Lake Champlain, my old neck of the woods. A news crew trapped her in the parking lot of a Walmart with predictably hilarious results: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5JEUlD0Z5A)

America, you couldn't make it up. 




 That's nuts. Brazen really. 




 I tend to agree on Manson that it was a part of a larger puzzle. The way the police left him alone even though he was on probation and accused of raping underage girls. There was some weird stuff in those years in So Cal with Gov Reagan's [Center for the Study and Reduction of Violence](http://www.whale.to/b/caul.html#The_Center_for_the_study_and_Reduction_of_Violence.)
Dave McGowan's Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon really raises some unsettling questions about mind control ops in the counter culture back then. 




 I suppose there are kids who dream of becoming anchormen or anchor people... whatever they call it now. Or the kids who want to grow up so they can work at call centers cold calling for debt collectors. 




 Isn't this the bunch that gave Bill Clinton his start in life? 




 Another disturbing aspect of Jonestown - among the many - was the connection between Jim Jones and Dan Mitrione, who was the CIA agent who basically taught South American police how to torture:[Dan Mitrione](http://jimhougan.com/wordpress/?tag=dan-mitrione). Jones was the guy's protege from the age of twelve in Indiana. 




 That's why when people use the phrase "drink the Koolaid" they don't understand how tragic it is. No one committed suicide. There were a thousand people murdered at Jonestown. Most disturbing of all is the possibility that the whole thing was connected to MKULTRA and was basically a mind control experiment that got out of hand. [The Black Hole of Guyana by John Judge](http://www.ratical.org/ratville/JFK/JohnJudge/Jonestown.html) 




 I posted this article earlier because I suspected there were Monsanto shills hovering around on the sub today, and the downvotes on comments have confirmed that. A message for the dweebs who work at PR agencies shilling for Monsanto: I'm an adult, I don't give a rat's ass about downvotes! You on the other hand are stuck in pretty much the lamest job I have ever heard of. You really need to re-evaluate the direction your life is going in. Quit. Get another job. Seriously. There are so many great things you could do in this world.  




 That's brilliant! 




 Me too. Amazing how much fresh material there was after so many years and all the research into the assassination. Jonestown is so unsettling, especially the links to the CIA who seem to have been on the ground there as the killings were going on. 




 True story, I swear... my wife and I were driving through Maine and went into Kennebunkport where the Bush family has its summer home. We drove past the road leading to their compound, and there were like a dozen vultures at the entrance chewing on the carcass of some dead animal. There's just something about the guy. 




 If you have a spare ten hours, this is well worth a watch:

[Evidence of Revision](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/) 
























