 I always thought this was the right explanation. I have doubts about that being Stefan's voice, though. 




 Sometimes I couldn't even get up from the bed if I hadn't the motivation of playing some Death Grips music. Come up and get me have saved me from some bad times. 




 You just described perfectly what DG music makes me feel. 




 Cool. I love riots' aesthetics. They combine very well with this instrumental. 




 Go there and stick somewhere a flash drive with duct tape, with mp3 files in it, titled as the leaked track list.

I'm not sure I'm writing this properly. I don't know how to english. 




 I think it can't have the same quality of the original when the bootleg makers don't have the original masters. 




 But I don't think they are being more secretive with the release of JD than with the previous albums. 




 Even is the rest of the tracks are shit, Jenny Death will be worth it just because of Innanimate Sensation. 




 How are they being cryptic about Jenny Death? They are just making us wait, maybe because of technical and production reasons.

The NLDW ARG, that WAS cryptic. 




 You should be pacient. Medication can take some time to have effect. 




 Who is MOM? 




 They look like something out from a Ghibli movie 




 I think it just means you are in a good mood, or you are having a good day, as simple as it can sound. Maybe your brain is in a chemical balance. You are producing and assimilating the right amount of serotonine or something like that.

Enjoy those days, relax, make plans and clear your mind. 




 By the way, source? 




 Yeah, I've seen this titles in /mu/ sometimes but I assumed it was just another fake leaked list. Thanks anyway. 




 Sixpenceee is a tumblr about paranormal and creepy stuff. 




 Its black people chest hair 




 Come up and get me. It reminds me the moment NLDW was released. I had listened to Ex-Military and THe Money Store and finally became a fan. I followed the ARG in /mu/. Everybody was expecting. Then NLDW came out and everybody went crazy. I got ready. I downloaded it. Pressed play. Then that harsh synth started.

WAW WAW WAW WAW WAW WAW

It was a memorable moment for me. The moment when i started enjoying DG as a true fan. 




 That's one of the most powerful moments in DG discography 




 I encourage you to note down all the strange, funny, weird, absurd, memorable quotes in your games. It's one of the funniest things I've ever done. You can start every season re-reading them and having a good laughs. Eventually you'll come up with an extent collection and the quotes will be fixated in everybody's memory. Years will pass and now and then you and your group will say "Remember that time when you said...?" 




 Looks like a lunatic terrorist 




 Is there already an official track list? I missed that. Or just fake leaks? 




 I have a similar problem riding my bike. I always imagine a car appears out of nowhere and hits me. I imagine myself falling, breaking my bones and smashing my head in the road. Following to that, I use to imagine my testimony in a trial, explaining how the accident had place and defending myself. Also I use to imagine myself arguing with some drivers that find I'm a nuisance in the road.

(fuck , my english is so poor right now...)

I've had this obsessive thoughts for years, but lately they have decreased in intensity, I got used to them, partially thanks to the help of my therapist. I've learnt to accept this thoughts as a part of me and not get upset  about them. 




 I suppose not a lot of you can read spanish, but, anyway, I would love to share my project with you all and, maybe, get some feedback about the style.

I've been running it since 2010, so maybe you'll see some evolution. My last strips are focused on some recurrent characters.

Anyway, here it is: [Contado tiene menos gracia](http://contadotienemenosgracia.thecomicseries.com).

Hope you find something you like. 









 This is from the comic "Megg, Mogg and Owl" by Simon Hanselmann. It was released under the title "Megahex".

http://i.imgur.com/hXdNzKD 




 I like it. You have potential. It would be better if you didnt cut his arms and forehead. Is this the whole illustration? 




 I don't know. Maybe I'm used to the fact that here in Spain everybody robes whatever they can. 




 DOORS AND WINDOWS ON
MOTIONS ON 




  the majority of recent posts on their facebook is "jenny death when" so im sure thats where they picked up on it

Yeah, that's most probably what happened. 




 You 're wielding a sword
in the subway station
who pushes who
Where the pusher is now
what station with his raincoat
who will be the next to fall onto the tracks
perhaps twelve Japanese schoolgirls at once
holding hands
What station
Keith Haring already marked this territory
with colored chalk
traced
Mickey Mouse Devouring His Children
Rehearse your name a thousand times
in a black book
I trace it dripping in marble
with harmful acid in the wagon windows 




 Didn't they throw them to the crowd during the shows? One could just, you know, grab one and take it home. There are people in possesion of pieces of the fake Zack drums, for instance. 




 I'd say Guillotine is their most popular song. Maybe I think this just because it's the first one I ever listened. 




 How exactly does this proof DG are going on tour? I think there are two possibilities:

1. bbpoltergiest are just fans and the got this pills from a live show.

2. bbpoltergiest are really Death Grips and they are just tweeting a pic of the gigantic pills.

I can't see a clue for a tour here. 




 No. The best one is Runway N. 




 It's an album by the band loved by everyone: Death Grips 




 This idea made me smile. Thanks. 




 Have you seen the movie "Her"? 




 At first I thought you were refering to typewriters, where some letters are worn-out and you have to push the key several times to really print it. This happens with my machine's "q" key.

Damn, I'm old. 




 Can you elaborate on the "future primitive digital" concept? I'm not familiar with it, maybe because english is not my first language.

Also, yes, human desire is a big theme on DG music, I believe. The lyrics and the sound speak a lot about releasing your inner beast. 




 They have claimed their music is about acceleration and about energy.

I think the message they try to send is that being human in the 21st century is fucked up and this is just the beginning. You have to deal with vigilance paranoia, mental issues, drugs and other addictions available, technology, obsolescence and excess of information. And all this make you get noided. 




 Yes, it has been helpful for me.

First of all, talk helps. You blow off steam and you put your thoughts and feelings in order as you talk.

Very probably, you won't only talk, you'll do therapy, you'll do practical exercises with your doctor that will help you evolve.

I've been through three different therapists in my life and every one of them have helped me solve different problems. I'm not perfectly sane now but I wouldn't be who I am today if not for them.

In the other hand, you need to be lucky and find the right doctor. Some of them are not very motivated or just try to push you on pills. Be careful with pills. They can be helpful if you have real problems, but they have some side effects they don't talk you about. You can get fat, or feel numb or sleepy, or just feel neutral and devoided of any feelings. Pills are not the only answer for everything. I know some people who had some problems and tried going to a therapist, and the first thing he did was prescribing him pills. He declined and later solved his problems himself without medication. But not everybody can do that, of course. Some people really need medication.

Try to make your doctor to inform you about your medication, to tell him what are you gonna take, and why, what the pills do, and what side effects they have. You have the right to be informed. There are some things that your therapist won't tell you if you don't ask. 




 I'm happy for you. But be careful. If you start to feel bad again, don't be scared. It's something natural. Don't feel it like a failure. Remember that's a state you know well, and it can't get worse than you alreadey has experienced.

I say don't be scared because recently I had an axiety attack after a long period of feeling really great, and it felt terrible. I was terrified about going down again, I felt like I was going crazy. But I didn't.

One of my therapist warned me: I was doing a great progress but I could have bad moments again. She said sometimes your mind is resilient to stay stable and happy because you have been feeling bad for so long, and you are used to it.

Anyway, good luck. Take advantage of this new state and make some plans to organize and improve your life, so you stay happy as long as you can. 




 Keep doing what you are doing, because you are doing it right -I guess. Try to don't do those things that make you feel bad. Try to follow the path you are in now. Make plans to improve your life, now that you have a lot of energy, but don't make great changes in your life.

These are just things that I try to do when I have a relief of depression. I hope they work for you too. 




 In general, I just want to play more. Playing has been getting more and more difficult in my circle of friends.

I plan to reunite my usual group and play (at last!) an Unknown Armies adventure I wrote and I'm quite proud of. The PCs will be New Inquisition agents, ready for action, packed with spells, artifacts and guns. I was inspired by Hotline Miami when I wrote this.

I want to create another group and try an Adventure Time game I'm creating with Lady Blackbird system. I think is very appropiate for the setting. I know there is already an Adventure Time game with D D system, but I have no idea about D D. 




 Or maybe, you know, they are just taking a little more time because they are finishing the last details of the production of the album, like could happen with any other fucking normal band in the world.

Guys, I'm starting to get sick of all this theories. I've made my own theories about Death Grips, like everyone else, but this is too much. You are putting too much meaning in what they do or don't do. If you do this for fun, go on. But, honestly, stop overthinking. 




 Thanks. Best wishes for your new year! 




 Meds, therapy, life experience and getting older, mostly. I've been through three different therapist. Every one of them have helped me changing different problems. These changes have reverted in my daily life and my self-perception, making my mind more clear and calm, reducing symptoms like rituals. Also, I think i just grew older and learnt some things that help me have things more clear in life. I still have depression, anxiety and self-steem problems, but much softer since I'm going to the last therapist.

Also I've been under anti-depressants and antipsychotics for many years, and I guess they are in some part the reason of this changes. But mostly, therapy and learning. 




 I'm much better now, but still have intrusive thoughts. Whenever I'm riding my bike I imagine an accident, a car hitting me, falling to the ground, smashing my head. Or I imagine other drivers complaining about how slow I am or my erratic direction.

The more usual thoughts are negative ones, about how wrong everything is, how badly I do things, all my mistakes and faults. My mind is always looking for reasons to feel bad and guilty. Whenever I do something, there is a voice in my head whispering: "You are doing it wrong. YOU are wrong".

The worst ones are about raping little kids. I know I would never do that nor I'm attracted to that but just having those thoughts popping on your head automatically whenever you see a little kid, damn, it's scary. Luckily this kind of thoughts are not usual anymore.

When I was a teenager I use to have rituals like touching things the same amount of times in the left and in the right. I was obsessed with simmetry. I could spin a jar to the left, then feel obligated to spin it to the right to balance things. Then again to the left, but in a minor angle, again to the right... and so on until the handle stayed in the center.

In hindsight, I think I'm getting better every year, so I still have hope and so you should. 




 Ok. I just want to keep you chatting. Also, of all the terrible things there are in this life, you only mentioned the gamer gate thing. You can't deny it's quite shocking. It catched my attention. 




 What are some more things you don't like about this world? 




 Actually I'm seeing a therapist again (a new one) partially because I was having too many suicidal thoughts and me and a friend were getting worried.

Now I don't think about it so much, I guess I got little better. But not long ago I was thinking again and again about ending it all. About the final solution. I usually thought about it when I felt depressed or useless or anxious or lost, but this thought came also to my mind in some strange moments. I remember one day visiting a friend and his girlfriend. I was playing on his XBox and he was in the kitchen making cheese sandwiches. For a moment I felt so out of place I suddenly thought "You have to kill yourself. You just have to do it. There is nothing else to do. That's the right solution". 

I think this is the weirdest moment I had this thought.

But yeah, suicidal thoughts, a lot. Whenever I felt that I couldn't stand this anymore, this state of perpetual sadness and anxiety. That would end the suffering, but I don't want to quit struggling. I want to fight till the end. I want to see it all and feel it all, even if my life ends like a big fail. 




 FUCK A BITCH
WHA
FUCK A BITCH
FUCK A BITCH
WAH
("Fuck a bitch", collaboration with The Bug) 




 When you are alone in your house, try having a rational monologue. Not a mental one. You have to use your voice. Release energy and frustration. If you have to curse, curse. If you have to yell, yell. But be rational. Rationalize your problem. Give yourself questions and answers. What's the problem? Can I find a solution? If not, what I'm gonna do about it? Try to take out all that is in your mind, so later there will be less things to think about.

I'm not a therapist. I'm talking from my experience. Sometimes talking about an obsession and rationalizing it helps. Later there will be less things to think about because you already have come to some sort of conclussions.

Talking with a friend helps too.

It's possible that the obsession continues, though, but try it at least. 




 Excuse me if I didn't get it right, but... Are you going to commit suicide because (in part) of feminism? 




 It means Jenny Death will include collabs with Aphex Twin, Techno Animal, Alec Empire and Lighting Bolt. 




 Have a sincere talk with your mum. Talking fix things. Don't save your feelings. Depression is a hard enough problem. Guiltyness shouldn't make it worse.

Tell her how you feel and how you are right now. Express yourself and let her express herself. Communicate. Make things clear. 




 Sometimes if you trust in people or open to them you find that they are deeper than you thought. That they are individual human beings with their own feelings and background.

When you stop fearing and star being true, unexpected things happen. 




 I kinda like it, except for the low quality background. In some way it fits with the vaporwave aesthetics but it still looks too cheap to me. 




 They could close with this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9QXY80OxS0 




 Viper the Rapper 




 JD is a backwards travel through all DG discography, letting you experience again all those special sonic moments, getting back to the origin, ending with a Manson quote. 




 For all of you people exhausted but having problems with falling asleep, have you tried reading a book? It works for me. I get in the bed and read, until I fall unconscious. 




 I think the album I've used the most times in my games is the Fight Club Soundtrack. It's perfect for games set in dark modern times.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttXuhDuZ4CA

Also, we have used this for Cthulhu games: http://adriananiol.bandcamp.com/album/obscura 




 The basic concept around Unknown Armies is that you can have power but it has a high price. The more you sacrifice, the more power you get. There are, for example, epideromancers, who must hurt themselves in order to gain magic charges.

There are also "demons". Rumors say if you can summon one, you can make him help you, give you power and information. But: 1. They just want to control you. 2) They are not really what people think they are. 




 Try to face your triggers and your intrusive thoughts, as long as you can. Don't let them have control on you. I know this is easier to say than to do it. I mean: don't fear your problems, accept them as part of yourself, at least of a temporary self. Expose yourself to your fears, alway as far as you can and under your control. Focus on your intrusive thoughts, don't try to cut them out your mind. If you fight something it becomes your enemy. Try to accept what you feel and think. The problems will not disappear but maybe they will be easier to stand and you'll relax a little.

These are some things that I read in a book my therapist recommended me and worked in my case. I hope they work in yours. 




 Thanks.

I can say I have pure-o then. I feel better when I can give something a name, I don't know why. It's interesting that all my therapist have always avoided to use terms like these, I wonder why.

But knowing that my problem has a name and there is more people like me out there calms me down. 




 What is pure-O? Is the first time I've read about this term. Maybe is because I'm from Spain and here we use another terminology or maybe because my therapist have been trying to not use thechnical terms with me so I wouldn't obsess about them.

Is it just a mental obsession? Like something without rituals or compulssion? 




 You could just tell your parents you feel anxiety and have problems focusing on school, or even maybe that you think you have some kind of OCD symptoms, that you overthink things and have too much "mental noise" to focus on your work and want to improve your marks. You are not obligated to tell them exactly what kind of disgusting thoughts you have. Keep that to yourself and your therapist.

About things being normal again, well, I'll talk from self experience. Is very dificult for a person with mental illness go back to total normality forever. If you go to a therapist and have the appropiate medication you can get really better and have a better life. Your symptoms can weaken a lot, but accept that maybe now and then they can come back for a while and have a bad time. But very probably your thoughts will turn into a minor nuisance.

I've have intrusive and obsessive thoughts for years. I'm going to therapy and taking medication and now I'm much better. I still have the same thoughts about accidents when I'm riding my bike, for example, and imagine how somebody assaults me while I'm walking in the street, but they are weaker now. Sometimes I have an argument with somebody or feel very guilty about something, and that ruins my whole day. I fall in a depressive spiral and spend the rest of the day in the bed. But this happens very ocasionally, now.

What I'm trying to say is you can get better, but maybe you'll still have some symptoms or bad times, now and then. One thing I've learnt going to the therapist is to accept the way I am, to accept my intrusive thoughts as a burden or nuisance, to not obsess about them.

Another thing Ive learn in therapy: exposure therapy. Face your problems. Expose yourself to them. Look, triying to analyze or rationalize your bad thoughts is like trying to turn off a fire with gasoline. You are just feeding the machine. Instead of falling in a rational feedback, fighting thoughts with thoughts, focus on them. Look them to the face. Repeat them in your mind again and again. Surrender, don't fight. "Okay, you want to think about this? Let's think about this". Repeat the bad images in your imagination again and again, this time under your own will and control. The pictures appear because you want. Verbalize them, turn them into a simple sentence and repeat it again and again and again. Your brain soon will get bored of this, the thought will loose control on you and you'll pass to something else.

Problem is, this technique can turn into another obsession. It's effectiveness is temporary.

You are still young. In a pair of years you will feel much better. I'm 34 now. Started with therapy at 24 and I've evolved a lot. I'm not a perfect man but I got much better. Not saying you'll need so many years for your therapy, but be prepared to be pacient with your therapist and yourself.

I hope I helped you in some way with this brick I just wrote. :) 
























 Or try these:
http://www.fundacionendesa.org/sites/default/files/imagenes/530_463.JPG
http://www.arteguias.com/imagenes5/catedralflorencia.jpg 




 Don't know why. It's ok for me. Anyway, if you are really interested, google "catedral murcia interior". It's just a cathedral, whatever. 




 I like the reaction of the second guy 




 And you haven't even choose the most annoying Death Grips song. 




 Yeah, I think you are right. I still have some problems with english sometimes. 




 I once listened to Guillotine on my ipod while I was visiting the cathedral at my town. It's quite monumental and peaceful and has a lot of history behind it. The contrast between the violence and profanity of DG and the sanctity and peace of the church was very interesting.

The cathedral looks like this in the inside:
http://harte.hol.es/wp/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/INTERIOR-DE-LA-CATEDRAL-DE-LE%C3%93N.jpg 




 Not always. There was a time when you could find really funny and creative sites there. Some people put great effort on their creations. People left a lot of comments and interacted. There was imagination. I could spend hours and hours there. Yesterday I went there and downvoted almost everything. It's a shame. 




 I wonder the same thing. 




 Yeah, but now is a shit hole. The sites aren't funny at all, just random stuff put together. No interesting ideas. No creativity. I suspect now is populated only by teenagers.

It's a shame. Ytmnd used to be an important part of one phase of my life. 




 http://ibmwmfitus.ytmnd.com/

Are you ok with Ytmnd? Or are you gonna give me the "go back to ytmnd" like in 4chan?

Also, the sound is not perfectly looped. I'm sorry.

 




 I think the streetlight picture is something they have in their archive since a long time ago and have used it several times. They just recylced it for the Powers that B cover. 




 I don't like it. It's very boring compared to other DG covers, wich have a background story. And at least TMS is an illustration. There is nothing special about this one. I'd like to have something more shocking, beautiful or complex in my record collection. It's  just a photoshopped streetlight. Anyway, at this moment is quite iconic yet. 




 Looks good. It makes itself a good summary of their carrer. 




 I think Stefan just writes the lyrics in a stream of thought style, dictated by his subconscious, and sometimes surreal and funny things come to the surface. 




 And what is the softest Stefan has whispered? 




 I heard "mommy" the first time too. 




 Don't forget classics like:

"Teaching bitches how to swim"

"The table's flipped, now we got all the coconuts, bitch!" 




 I thought he meant DG making the album and then having to wait 9 months for the fans to listen to it. 




 I'm sure Death Grips get some inspiration in some way in Aleisteir Crowley and Magick.  




 I don't get it 




 Why we shouldn't? Isn't it his artistic nickname? Maybe I'm missing something. 




 I think I feel your interpretation. In this life, you have a lot of sources and people around you telling you what to do, what are the rules, how you are... So many information in contradiction that finally you only have your own conclusions. You have to make a decision, to choose a theory, a path and a plan. 




 Dude, my city is full of these things. Do you want pictures? I can give you hundreds of them. 




 I'm not partially, but totally joking. How could Steffan think he is ugly? He is obviously gorgeous. I'd fuck him if I was a girl. 




 You know. Being so ugly you break mirrors just reflecting your face on them.

Just think about it. 




 Damn. Things go fast. 




 Yeah. I found it. It's now in my record wishlist.

https://www.pinterest.com/oruga/records-wishlist/ 




 Thanks 




 Where can i get this? 




 Well, I don't like to give my money to this pirates instead to the original artists but I admit this is something I'd like to have in my collection. Price? Link? 




 I listened and enjoyed this album just as I had planned: playing it in my iPod, walking on the streets at night. 




 Bootlegs? Isn't the official lp available? 




 It has become one of my favorites too. And in part is thanks to this sub and the interpretations of the lyrics I read here. I think couldn't have seen the references to suicide and depression in the lyrics by my self. You all made me experience this song in a special way. 




 I think this sub is gonna be still active. Probably DG are gonna tour and make new stuff in the future, and we will talk about it. Maybe we won't be as active as the period between Notm and Jenny Death, but it will be ok. It will be fun. 




 Yeah, share it with us. Sounds cool. 




 That describes Death Grips in general 




 What's the name of this noise artist again? 




 /I get paid by the universe

Favorite line, no doubt. 




 https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/8b/a2/66/8ba26655c505c73c7f6be5d5ceefa4fc.jpg 




 Yeah, I've seen that video. He makes some funny expressions but nothing interesting. 




 Books, cute girls, internet, music, practicing with my band, poetry, books, BDSM, illustration, mechas, collecting records, role playing, Counter Strike. 




 Do you think the magician was high while performing the tricks? I thinks DG have experimented with drugs in some of their videos, like Pillbox Hat, where I'm sure Stefan took some hallucinogen that made him experiment through various emotional states.

Maybe this is something that they found cool. "Hey, get high and try to perform your tricks. We will record you for our next video". Maybe that's the reason why some of the tricks are so poorly performed. 




 Great thread 




 Does that guy make something interesting besides reaction videos? I'm not interested in reaction videos at all. 




 Don't worry. I suppose they feel ok about the memes and shit. An artist must be ready for all kind of reactions between his public, and humour is not the worst of them.

If they have ever read about somebody listening to their music and feeling like destroying stuff, they should feel satisfied. 




 I've just masturbated and watching this now is perfect for post-orgasm. Very relaxing. 




 The second one look like some Adventure Time character lol 




 How much has magick influenced your work as a band? 




 OK. Sounds like a coherent answer for me, in a way. 




 Are you quoting some of their lyrics or giving me an answer? I'm not sure. 




 Sometimes I fantasize about them giving all the answers and explanations in "Death Grips: the documentary". What was their ideology. How they did things. What does their music mean. What was the concept behind their "conceptual art". 




 I'm not going to listen to this snippets. I'm gonna save the hype for the release. I wanna feel again like when NLDW was dropped, having a whole unknown album ahead for me to listen. 




 This guys love to throw themselves into things. Bushes, trash bags, washing machines... 




 Are you me? 




 I hope they sample this and get it somewhere in Jenny Death 




 Is the campaign "The masks of Nyarlathotep"? 




 I support this idea 




 This was my ringtone for a while too. Now that I listen to it again I feel that typical anxiety phonecalls always give me. 




 Perfectly looped, i must say 




 I got the  nasty
in my bus 




 Yeah, i'v seen footage. Since they made that music video I can only relate it to pool parties. 




 I play with my friends every friday night at 18:00 GMT +2 /CET 




 It's like they were trying to say there were no space for love for them then, just for music and pure energy and rage. 




 http://www.gigposters.com/poster/123621_Black_Flag.html

Is a flyer by Raymond Pettibon, for a Black Flag show. 




 Youtube can do some stupid things about copyright sometimes. I know about a guy that uploaded a video singing a song of his own authorship and was censored. Twice. 




 There was a thread about this before.

http://www.reddit.com/r/deathgrips/comments/1wrq1y/sample_from_culture_shock/

There is a broken link to the site Lightworkers, something about Ashtar Sheran. I looked for it in YouTube and, man, it just blew my mind. There is wacko stuff there. 




 The Money Store. I am an illustrator and love illustrations. 




 Because you like dicks? 




 Jennys? Gripheads? 
























 Yeah, but most libraries don't consist only on articles. They have novels, poetry, essays, etc. 




 Welcome to this subreddit. 




 I once listened a blind guy talking in a podcast. He said some blind people like listening to erotic tales read by a female voice syntheziser. 




 Where do you live? 




 It looks like it came out of a Lovecraft tale 




 This way we would have a printed article abour "furry fandom" somewhere in a museum. That's weird. 




 You bought a record you don't know anything about? You must have lots of money. 




 Ryan Trecartin maybe? That would be cool. 




 This should turn into a haiku contest. 




 It's better than being a poor purple, at least. 




 I thought it would be bigger, to be honest. 




 Penis size 




 It blows my mind that somebody took the time to make this statistics. He even counted the flair hiders. I don't even know how he can do that. 




 They are not geek enough to feel curiosity and investigate about it. 




 And thousands of graphic designers. 




 How do you know how many of each color there are? I still didn't find those statistics anywhere. 




 Fruit salad is not salty. Why is it called "salad" then? 




 I'm becoming an addict to the fiction works this subreddit is producing. 




 Maybe they even use our star as a guide to navigation. 




 Lag 




 Thanks god somebody thought about it! 




 If you really get to use it, let me know. I will be happy to know that I made a part of it. 




 An idea that comes to my mind is some kind of baptism, where you oficially give him/her a submissive name. You could pronounce the name at the same time you put the collar on him/her. 




 Hey! Welcome back! Do you know about the button? 




 For god sake, it even has a lock over it! 




 Oh, ok. I thought it was something like that but I was not sure. Good day to you too, sir/lady. 




 Don't make a big deal about this. It's just another joke about a mental illness based on superficial popular notions, just like jokes about asperger, autism or alzheimer.

We can't do anything about it. 




 I safe it for the perfect moment. One night I listened to it on my iPod while walking by the street. It's one of the best settings for listening to Death Grips. It's dark. You are alone. Nobody annoys you. You walk without a precise direction. You can focus on the music, you can delight on it. 




 I'm afraid I don't understand your comment at all. 




 I'm glad to help. 









 I think /u/powerlanguage is the responsible for this experiment, but the explanation you need about the button is much more elaborated.

Sigh... Long story short: There is a button at the top of r/thebutton. Only people with Reddit accounts created before 1 of April can press it. You can press it only once. When you press it, you are assigned a colour depending on at what time did you press it. People are giving these colours religious/mythical/ideological meanings.

Everytime somebody presses it, it restarts from 60s. It has never got to 0.

The button looks like this: http://i.imgur.com/Mpi2qdN.gif

Just read a bunch of threads. It's actually very funny and you'll get the story very quickly. 




 That's... that's impossible...

Oh, wait, they are asians, of course. 




 Link to what? 




 There will be confetti and balloons. 




 Sounds very reasonable. It's a good interpretation. I'd check the complete lyrics to contrast this, but I'm too lazy. 




 Of course. I give it a pair of months. 




 My pure OCD is in remission. I have some very peaceful days, with no obsessions, no compulsions, no ruminating. In those days I feel like a normal person and wish it was like this forever. I assure you I don't miss my OCD during those days. 




 I have this problem too. I can't have an orgasm while having sex with a girl. I have to masturbate. When in home, watching porn and masturbating, there is no problem. But this seriously makes my relationships very awkward and frustrating. I lost my libido. I used to be obssesed about sex, but since I take my medication, I totally forgot about sex. I rarely masturbate.

I quit with some of my medication, antipsychotics to be precise (paliperidone, I think) and I have recovered some of the libido. Now I masturbate more regularly. I haven't been with a girl since I quit the pills, though, so I don't know if I'm still fixed. 




 CRA
YYYOOON 




 I live in a relatively small spanish city and I still have not known anybody who likes Death Grips. 




 I have a music blog where I share and review albums. I'm still not very good or professional with the reviews but these are some things I've learned:

-Listen the album at least two or three times before you form and opinion.

-Write about the artist/band origins and story.

-Tell some interesting details/trivia about the album, the artists, some story behind them. For example, I'm very interested when some of the members of the band died or commited suicide. I don't know. I'm just like that, interested in morbid details.

-Have in mind the album's historic relevance, how important or influent it was for other artists at the moment of its realease. Maybe you'd listen Black Sabbath or Venom and find it bland compared to other contemporary albums, but at the moment they were pioneers, the first of it kind doing that thing.

-Explain how the music makes you feel. Its flavour. Its texture. Make metaphors.

-Read other reviews in famous sites like Pitchfork, Rate Your Music, etc, but also in less known blogs or Youtube channels.

I hope this helps you. 




 What the hell im doing watching this shit... 




 Lots of purples 




 Beware, Guillotine and No Love are obligatory for me. 









 Don't forget this:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b9ci_z4v7M t=2m46s 




 Resulting in a what? 




 No fun. Ever.

Look, Reddit is a great plataform to experiment in different ways, and people is having a lot of fun using their imagination around this subject. Why not have some fun? 




 My theory is it was some kind of game. She has to find "the killer" and call him to confirm to win, but called the wrong number. 









 That's racist 




 This reminds me that time, when I was like 18 years old, I was home alone and somebody called. It was a girl.

"You, sir, are a killer", she said, in a very convinced and funny tone.
"What?"
"You, sir, are a killer", she repeated.
"I'm sorry, but I have no idea what you are talking about".
"Well. You will find it tomorrow then".

She hanged up.

I'm 34 now and still have no idea what was that about or who she was.

Now that I think it, maybe I should even tell this in its own thread. 




 Wrong number? 




 You mean those frames with boobs 




 Don't worry. You are not a bad person or a pedophile just for having those thoughts, that seem just intrusive thoughts caused by your OCD.

Imagination is free. Mind is free. Just thinking about something doesn't mean you are gonna do it or you agree with it, specially with thoughts that you can't control.

Indulge yourself. Imagine whatever you want. You are free. Your mind can't hurt anybody. Your actions do. Don't be scare for your thoughts. That's just your mind trying to fuck you.

I've had problems like yours. Sometimes I see little children and imagine raping them. But I know I'm in no way attracted to them. I would never do anything inappropiate to a kid. I know that's just my mind looking for another way to make me feel bad, like when I imagine accidents or think again and again about that person that insulted me on the street.

Have a conversation with yourself and make things clear. Take a decision about your feelings and grasp to it whenever you feel insecure about these thoughts.

I hope some of this help you. 




 I started watching I Be-Area and found it a very interesting visual experiment. But since english is not my first language i didn't get the 90% of it, so i quit.

Also, just in case there is still anybody doesn't know, DG sampled I Be-Area: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxid-di6PQE 




 How do occultism and magick influence your work? 




 Glorious 




 This is really interesting. Like a visual portrait of OCD. 




 This makes a great plot for a movie or a short. 




 just recently we had the label sign up to a deal with BitTorrent, which was pretty much unheard of. 

Cool. I didn't knew about this. 




 Yeah, I see the connection, but that song is too soft maybe. 




 I'm not sure people relate OCD to not being capable of finishing works. Maybe they could think you are just obsessive and meticulous, that you have some rituals. That's the most extended view about OCD, I believe. You shouldn't worry.

I'm not sure if this is what you are asking. 




 The idea is to make a music video mixing some DG song with this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33u7P-XokE

What song do you think will go well with this?

Also, I'm quite lazy and could take a long time to do this, so, if anybody wanna use this idea and edit the video himself, go ahead, I have no problem with that. 




 That's a difficult question, actually. If you want to shock and anoy people, if you want to make your friends say "What the hell, why do you like such strange music?" you should play one where Stefan screams the most. Maybe "You might think he loves you". It's very noisy and agressive, and Stefan screams a lot. 




 Man... what the hell... 




 I love it. Thanks. 




 Yeah. A very nice place to listen to death grips. 
























 Most of my experience was satisfiyng my domme sexual fantasies and desires, but there were also other tasks I loved to do, like going to the shop or helping her painting the room. Once she ordered me to write some tale very quickly in the typewriter while she was having a shower. She knew I like to write, so she wanted to make me practise and improve. That was nice.

I'm too lazy to cook. Maybe a domme that forced me to cook, learn more recipes and be more disciplined in my daily life would be great for me. 




 This is androgyny at its best. Makes me question my heterosexuality. Such a gorgeous human being. 




 Nice to know. I have been in a couple of dominant relationships. I've been dominant and submissive. Definitely I prefer to be submissive. You feel so great when you please your master! You have him/her in your mind all day long thinking about ways to please him/her, and that fills you with love. I miss that in a certain way.

Also, Honeybee, that's a cute nickname.

Have fun! 




 Does that collar mean you are into domination? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pcYag8oGik

I wanted you. And I was looking for you.
But I couldn't find you.
I wanted you. And I was looking for you all day.
But I couldn't find you. I couldn't find you.

You're walking. And you don't always realize it,
but you're always falling.
With each step you fall forward slightly.
And then catch yourself from falling.
Over and over, you're falling.
And then catching yourself from falling.
And this is how you can be walking and falling
at the same time. 




 Germans have some word for this, for sure. 




 Oh, guys, some day I will share with you some pictures, maybe even a video, of the place I work. I work in a big public library. It has some of the most creepy spots I've ever been. Places out of public access. Some huge, long basements where you have to go down all alone, long silent corridors, an attic where the light turns off automatically after a certain time and let's you there in the middle of the almost absolut darkness and silence. 




 He said something about somebody being absentee. You know who. 




 And people browsing Reddit and playing LOL and Counter Strike. 




 Same thing happens with the term Lolita, generated after the book and the movie. 




 ... and one that actually we don't want to see. 




 So I guess if I elaborate and tell you I got hurt because of having too much sex, due to friction, and that this happened to me with two different girlfriends, you wont believe me.

Also, actually it's the first time I post in this sub. 




 They are called webcams 




 Health reasons. I got a wound in my penis fucking with one of my girlfriends, many years ago. Everytime I fucked, the wound got open and then heal again. So, the foreskin closed very tight and strangled my penis. Everytime I wanted to fuck, I had to pull the skin and open the wound again. It was painful. So I had to cut it off. 




 I feel guilty, but I laughed at the lightning striking the grave. It's like God himself had something against this poor guy. 




 Fucking while still having stitches. That's something I have to try. I have masturbated while having stitches in my dick after my circumcision, though. It was painful but also hot. I'm a little bit masochistic. 




 1. All races are equal. This has been stated by scientist many times.

2. How do you explain poor white people in first world countries? Are they like a special kind of white race people? 




 I'm not american so i didn't knew about this guy. I'm watching some videos now. Thanks. 




 Wise words 




 If you are thinking about killing yourself, maybe it's time to change some things in your life. 




 Did he fart at 8:43? 




 No. He is an artist. 




 There is also some spanking in Adventure Time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9zDtTTRsfE 




 Maybe listening to his voice will make you feel good. You could phone him now and then or ask him to record special voice messages for you or even an audiobook. Imagine listening to an episode everytime you miss him. Wouldn't it be cool? 




 http://40.media.tumblr.com/9092a3ae870f6eedf82fa4c94f1aaa7c/tumblr_nil5i9YP2G1qj6ugyo1_500.jpg 




 I meant he is a little out of tempo in that video. 




 Now you are being rude. You are taking karma too seriously. 




 How do you punish your subs when they cum without your permission? Something easy would be giving them a good spanking, but, if they enjoy that, it would be more like a prize. Something humiliating, maybe? 




 Well, there was that thread with midget clown porn recently. It was deleted but, what was that? 




 Whammy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWM2Ie0dGQI
*Glass breaks* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAsuh12t-GM
The Fever (Aye Aye) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-eBRriJ-Xs
Powers that B: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fy0OpdgBoc
Turned off: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdUY900hkmk
No Love (this is a little fucked up, but at least the guy does some improvisation) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjHeU4BVHnQ
The Fever (again, but this time by a guy named Michael Cisterna, it's funny because in spanish "cisterna" means "water tank", you know, like in the toilet, whatever): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3odpfFN0y-Q

Edit: Ha ha, and this guy's name is "lavabo", that means "bathroom". He makes On GP. Very noisy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rd_TZbUYWA 




 How is that? 




 Thanks for sharing this. I'm disocovering the pleasure of reading in this subreddit other people's experiences and games. 




 I'd recommend you these albums:

Lightning Bolt - Wonderful Rainbow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JpHoAnaPK0 (brutal live performance)
Techno Animal - Brotherhood of the Bomb 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIZ6G1usPXc

Food for Animals - Belly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnrYHvKq3IA 




 But where did they get the voice sample? 




 I don't know the story behind the "Quarantine the virus, god block" line. Where is it from? 




 You mean favorite moments in their songs, their career or their performances? 




 Stefan has a much softer voice than I expected. 




 Vine doesn't work in some android phones. Maybe that's your case. 




 Hey, that's Cersei! 




 She is gonna get so horny while telling you her fantasies and visualizing them. 




 This, please. Anyone? 




 Of course, she had to record that video in a dark room only lighted up with candles, with some more dolls in the background. She couldnt record it in a totally normal room at day light. 




 That's a terrible CGI work. 




 This movie is based on the premise that the deaf guy can read the lips perfectly, but actually doing this is very hard and you only get like the 10% of the oral information. I know this because I've worked with deaf people for some years. 




 When does the quantity of policemen start to be too many policemen? 




 Yeah, I know there is a lot of fucked up people in the internet. But at the beginning of this video you can see how this guy cleans a knife full of blood with  panties. That's obviously a joke.

I admit I had a moment of doubt when I played this other video and saw the obsessive mural made of cute girls photos. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBpe1P6pZU

Like, who the hell would be so dedicated to set the scenario for a video? But also you can see labels on the boxes: "Justin DVDs (Bieber)" and "Justin DVDs (Timberlake)". He's clearly acting. 




 I doubt this guy is really pertubed. I think he is just making art and humour. He is acting. If you watch the whole video it gets quite absurd, its just like a creepy short film. 




 someone set up us the bomb! 




 On one session my dom forbided me to close my eyes. I just keeped closing it because I was feeling such a pleasure.

Some time later we switched and she was my sub. I forbided her to speak, a different way of having control on somebody. The thing was she had to speak in sign language. I was a sing language interpreter then and I was teaching her, so it was like practising for her. It was incredibly cute to see her so quiet and trying to communicate with me with her hands. 




 You are a genius and made me laugh. Thank you very much. 




 I played my No Love Deep Web record while practicing a method my therapist taught me for releasing my anger and anxiety. It consists in hitting a phone book with a piece of plastic pipe while you scream.

So, No love was blasting, and I was hitting the phone book as hard as I could, following the ryhtm of the beats, shouting things like "I'm not gonna be sad!" and "I'm gonna be happy!".

Later I got interested in magick and occultism, so one day I tried to practise my own purification ritual. I wrote in my arm "Do what thou wilt, shall be the whole of the law", and in my leg "Love is the law, love under will" (both quotes from The book of the Law by Aleister Crowley). I cut my hair while listening to Beware. Cutting my hair had always some kind of symbolism, like leaving the old stuff behind and starting a new phase. 

I can assure you I felt quite powerful, like I was doing something really meaningful or, at least, different, as Manson spoke in the intro. Then I took a shower. 




 That moment when Come up and get me starts... Damn. If I was there I would have an orgasm. 




 Did a picture of this graffiti exist, or did I just create a fake memory? 




 If the band see this, they are gonna love it, for sure. 




 thanks 




 GIG
APORSIH? 




 There is nothing wrong in not being absolutely original. 




 I just realized that people have posted a lot of button-related haikus:

http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/3243us/my_button_haiku/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/31ebgd/i_wrote_a_haiku_about_pushing_the_button/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/31ik4e/a_collection_of_buttonrelated_haiku_ama/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/317gxb/the_button_a_haiku/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/319rqp/presser_haiku/
http://www.reddit.com/r/thebutton/comments/317tut/a_haiku_from_a_troubled_nonpresser/ 




 I can't remember how mine ended. I guess I just stopped imagining them. 




 Ok then :) 




 Is really anybody gonna read all the bands we list in these posts? 




 Cool. I didn't knew this one. Thanks. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/325urf/if_the_next_president_is_white_the_united_states/ 




 It was probably just the office ghost cheking r/thebutton. 




 No. Germans are "Textura".

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackletter 




 Me and my best (girl) friend are huge fans of AT and sometimes we meet and watch the new episodes. After that we use to discuss and get to the same point: the show is getting more adult. AT started as a children show, but it got a lot of young adult fans, and they have to adapt to that. Adults want more complexity, more mature themes, deepness, sub-plots, story arcs.

But I wouldn't worry. I think the show will always preserve its touch  of innocence and be children likeable. Even in the most serious episodes, a lot of fantastic and absurd things and jokes happen. 




 Don't be such an ass. He is just trying to have a deep discussion about a show he likes. That's what boards and forums and subreddits are for, besides posting memes and jokes. 




 Well, people keep saying "Oh my God" even when Nietzsche stated very clearly that he is dead. 




 Is this really something to look at while you are stoned? 
























