  It really isn't the entire 1% that's the issue. It's the 1% of the 1%.

It's more of a philosophical issue, rather than an actual practical issue. The .01% should probably pay more taxes. However, the rate that they pay on average as a whole is still substantial. And their 'lack' of taxation does not negatively effect the middle class and lower class. It's not like we raise the tax on the poor when the rich don't pay enough. 

It doesn't feel right - sure. But overall it shouldn't even be a top 10 issue in this country. However since it is an emotional appeal (appealing to anger, jealousy, resentment, and ignorance), it works well for politicians and pundits to dwell on the relative non-issue.

.01% btw is 30,000 people. Not to mention that these are the type of people who would just leave the country if they started to get taxed more (or at least take 90% of their assets to another country).  




 Private colleges? Republican owned? Public school tuition is just as big, if not more of a problem. Big state schools now cost almost $30k to attend. Leave the political Republican hating nonsense at the door. This isn't /r/politics.

Irony you attack the bias/quality of the article, when you are clearly just as biased and ignorant. 




 Wtf is wrong with this thread... 




 Yea I think using a try catch might be the best option. Thanks. Sometimes I just can't get the obvious stuff. I'm doing the poker problem on euler. 




 I have a method where I am passing an index of an array as a parameter. I then want to use that index (int value) to loop through the rest of the array. However the first line of the method is like this:

     public int hasTwoPair(int index) {
         if (cards[index].getValue() == cards[index + 1].getValue()) {
         //problem because index + 1 might be out of bounds

is there a way around this without adding an extra 'if' statement? 
 




 Considering administrators are the highest paid staff in any given school system, this is probably a good thing. Wish we would seriously evaluate the usefulness of so much administration overhead.  




 OP you need to work on your title creation abilities. Less is more my friend. 




 If you want breakfast in bed - sleep in the kitchen. 




 That's exactly what I am referring to... 




 Should have left the Quaran not the bible, as that is what Hagar did to Ishmael.  




  Probably because he started with "for (int I=0;"...

Does that capital 'I' bother anyone else?  




 NAME YOUR FLIPPING AXES 




 It's only 5 cents more than some of the other pods... 




     for (int i = 0; i  100; i++) 
        System.out.println((i-100) * -1);
    }

You can do this with an incremental or decremental (thats not a word?) loop.

EDIT: but if you want to use a decremental loop, it looks a little cleaner:

    for (int i = 0; i  -100; i--) {
        System.out.println(i+100);
    } 




 Interesting. Thanks! Pretty hard to find a good review of these limited editions when they come out. 




 Upvoted for the title. 




 Sure you get 5%, but you end up paying a 2.5% purchase fee - so at that rate, you are paying a 25x higher rate than the Amex cards I posted. 

9000 pts would cost $9 with this discount.

9000 pts with VCG purchase would cost $45-$50 in purchase fees (I can't remember if it is $4.95 or $5.95 purchase fee for the $200 gift cards).

You save $36-$41 with this discount. Per 9000 points. And you don't have to make 5 trips to Staples/Officemax.  




  He's absolutely loyal to his constituents, and a great voice for the Hispanic Community (Little Village in particular), as well as the Teacher's Union who essentially drafted him to run. Those constituents stand to gain the most if he's elected.

That is the biggest problem.  




 Oh man should I make another post about dibs? I'LL DO IT I SWEAR! 




 That's my governor! 




 Well lets say you are already maxing out your Redbird - is this worth it if you cash it out some other way? Not sure how. Maybe they can be used on Evolve and not get charged any fees? 




 Not sure, that's kind of my question.  









 The article is not talking about SNAP. The new proposed law does not effect SNAP at all (and it's not like you can use SNAP at the movie theater), so I'm not sure why you are talking about foodstamps. 




 So it has an overall economic benefit, but that doesn't mean it's good for them - and that's who we are trying to help, right? 




 The problem is there are people who will still drive 55-60mph. They will end up causing accidents. 




  There is no way Fox is more biased than MSNBC

Did you mistype? 'lol no, show me the link' - you can't use Google yourself?

Anywhere you can read [here](http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2013/12/is-msnbc-worse-than-fox-news-179175.html) 
or [here](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffbercovici/2013/03/18/pew-study-finds-msnbc-the-most-opinionated-cable-news-channel-by-far/)

They might be both quoting the same study.

A quote - "But here's the thing, and I hope it doesn't ruin your dinner: MSNBC is certainly as bad as Fox News, in terms of presenting ideologically biased information and demonizing the opposition."

[one more](http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2012-11-02/entertainment/bal-pew-study-suggests-msnbc-really-is-more-partisan-than-fox-20121102_1_pew-study-msnbc-fox-news) that shows how much more MSNBC was biased during the Presidential election. 




 Reporting integrity and bias. Lesser of two evils when it comes to Fox, but MSNBC even more biased than Fox. You can Google it. 




 You are comparing FOX to what exactly? Fox should be compared to MSNBC. And in that case, Fox comes out on top. 




 What about Senator Warren who got into Harvard because she marked down that she was Native American? I guess NYT doesn't care about that... 




 So when I do that. it puts a cursor everywhere in my file (what is Alt+Enter anyway?). not just that one string. 




  Hit right and enter to give them each a line

Not sure how this works. You mean hit right on my keyboard? Doesn't seem to do much. 




 You should put this on /r/learnprogramming. A lot of readers there might not even know about ST 




 Oh ok, I avoided it since it's Beta, but maybe I'll upgrade.  




 How did you put a cursor between each character? Did you do that manually? I know in Windows you can just ctrl + left click to add a new cursor - but that would seem annoying for so many cursors. 




 Wow. I just downloaded Sublime Text 2 recently, and so far I really like it. It might be worth the money. 




 Why is this in /r/shittyprogramming? THIS IS BRILLIANT!! 




 It was pretty easy in college as long as you have an internship or two - or some really good side work. 




 You need to look up the String split function. Google something like "Java String split method".  









 Thanks for the pods! Loved it! and you sent me some Maragogype too! You da bomb 




 Who says they hate gay people? They didn't say "we won't serve gay people", they said, "we won't serve at gay weddings". Gays are more than welcome to come in and buy pizza. Doesn't sound like hate to me. 




 From what I understand, you could buy gift cards to the flight. Also keep in mind this goes towards flight changes and other fees. I had to pay $75 to change a flight, and Amex covered it. Also drinks on the airplane would count for this as well.

Also bear in mind that you can downgrade to a Amex Green card. You can get your points, downgrade, and get a pro-rated amount back. You might end up only paying $140 for the annual fee, but still get the bonus. Not to mention you also get TSA Pre for free as well ($100), plus free in flight wifi and Boingo at airports, and Priority Pass Select (free lounges!). 




 I did. On the highway. It was quite scary. 




 I received this offer, and I took it. The benefits that Amex gives you are worth quite a lot. I saved a lot of money on checked baggage and upgrading to economy plus.

I haven't used the points yet, so they are still sitting in my account. Was going to fly to Israel with my wife, but she is due with a baby at the same time we wanted to go, so we will have to wait.

Also my offer was for spending $15k total, *not* $20k. 




 Eh no one? Could use some help on the PL/SQL side.  




 Can I execute PL/SQL in Tableau?

I basically need to write some PLSQL that returns a table, and pass that table to Tableau. I am copying my problem here:

I am trying to do a query where I combine entries from the same table, but from different schemas. I can do a query to find which schemas in my DB I need to look at.
I'm kind of new to PLSQL, so I'm not sure how to go about doing this. It would look something like this:

Loop (over v_schema)

   select * into myView from

   v_schema.myTableIneed

end loop

so in the end, 'myView' will have the the entries from the table myTableIneed, from multiple schemas.
The other issue, is that there is a chance that the table might not exist in every schema. That's ok, so I would need to handle that exception.
Something like that. I guess I'm not sure how to properly loop, or how I get the list of schemas into the 'v_schemas' variable.

Someone suggested that I use cursors with a procedure. However that might not help me, as I don't think calling a procedure from Tableau could work. I think what I need is an executable block of PLSQL. Please advise. 




 I am trying to do a query where I combine entries from the same table, but from different schemas. I can do a query to find which schemas in my DB I need to look at.

I'm kind of new to PLSQL, so I'm not sure how to go about doing this. It would look something like this:


Loop (over v_schema)

     select * into myView from

     v_schema.myTableIneed

end loop



so in the end, 'myView' will have the the entries from the table myTableIneed, from multiple schemas.

The other issue, is that there is a chance that the table might not exist in every schema. That's ok, so I would need to handle that exception.


Something like that. I guess I'm not sure how to properly loop, or how I get the list of schemas into the 'v_schemas' variable. 




 Agreed. Daley really screwed us. 




 So because it's a stylesheet it doesn't belong in shittyprogramming?it's funny, and it's a comment that claims there is shitty programming. Sounds like a great candidate for that sub. It's not a serious sub. 




 ? 




 Any thought's on LIQD? I bought at $.37 




 Lol that's hilarious, but post this in /r/shittyprogramming 




 There is a special place in hell for those who DDOS attack Github. 




 Yea for some reason that was their intended look. I'm not sure why they felt the flat look was better.  




  The tides come in, the tides go out, you can't explain that

haha ok thanks. 




 I have to pluck my eyelashes every week or so. I take out about 10 eyelashes per week. If I don't, they get bunched up or too long, and get in my eye. I am a guy btw, and it is not intentional. I just have lots of eyelashes. 









 Also to note, make sure you don't use your own credit card with your name on it. That will get you flagged. Use an AU or a spouse's card. 

Also Square is helpful for accepting payments when selling on Craigslist. I've even benefited by charging 3% extra to use a credit card (when selling on Craigslist) - so I end up making more money, even with the fees. 









 And rational normal liberals also still vote for shit candidates. So what's the difference? 




 ? Umm the gravity of the moon... I'm not sure I understand your joke/statement/sarcasm? 




 Yea but I think some cases of refusing service are legitimate. For example if you are a web developer - and you are asked to make the website 'TheBibleIsAllLies.com" - i think that it's fair to refuse to do this service as it directly goes against your beliefs. The problem is there is no way to distinguish between that and, "I won't serve you a burger cause you're a fag". 




   this was held up in court and created a psuedo R

Thanks for the info. Seems like the bill is too open. "I'm not going to serve you a burger cause your hair isn't covered" is a possibility. Although I think there is a bit of an overreaction as if there is going to be rampant baseless discrimination. Business aren't going to just start refusing all gay people service just because. It would yield too much of a backlash. Maybe I'm just not pessimistic enough 




 Can someone explain the actual problem with this bill? Like what does it say that would increase discrimination and allow people to be biggoted? I don't understand. Not sarcasm, I just don't know what the fuss is about. 




 I wouldn't touch a suzuki with a 10 foot pole. What pieces of shit. 
Subaru is the best value on this list affordable to most people.

EDIT: There are 5 idiots out there who like Suzukis.  




 Kind of lame since I already have both checking and savings with Chase. 




 I didn't say no cell phones tv or computer. That's not what I said at all. First of all, I said no smartphones. I never said I wouldn't have a computer in my home. I also am not completely forbidding my kids from using/seeing such things. TV just will not be in my home. 




 As I mentioned in another comment, their peers will have parents who have similar viewpoints to myself. If I sent then to public school, then yes it would be quite problematic. 




 I posted on here a while back that I wanted to get some information from my fantasy league on ESPN.com. I spent some time learning some HTML and PHP basics and started trying to figure out how to post a login on [ESPN here](http://games.espn.go.com/frontpage)

I tried using the code from [this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11171713/scrape-a-site-content-with-a-secure-login) StackOverflow post, but to no avail.

The problem I think is that the login is actually a popup (or is 'frame' the correct term here?). I'm not sure what to do here. Noob web developer here, so any help is appreciated.  




 My website has a title, a subtitle, and a picture. I like the way it looks on my browser. However on my mobile phone (Note 4), the text is not center adjusted, and is way too small. [Here](http://askyourlor.com) is the website.

I am asking this in /r/learnphp because it will have php in it, and /r/learnhtml is a ghost town. 







































 I work in Chicago, and I see a few people asking for money everyday. I really don't see anyone giving, and I think part of that is because very few people carry cash around nowadays. I can't remember the last time I even had change. It's kinda sad, and there isn't much we can do about it - or is there? 




 I committed, and pushed (although I inturrupted it eventually, i think most of the file was pushed) a 200 MB file. Since then, I reduced the size of the file to 2 MB, and comitted/pushed that change.

From what I understand, anytime someone clones (or do a pull for the first time since my change), they will have to download the entire file anyway - since it is part of the changeset.

How can I eliminate this large file entirely? Cloning now takes much longer.  









 So I was thinking that it might be difficult to get the gold Macbook a few weeks after its release. Why not buy a few and then resell them? Even if you resell at the same price, you can easily get a few thousand points. 

Thoughts? 









 In theory, I should be able to to CVS and buy a $500 Paypal load card for $502.95. I should then be able to load that money onto my paypal account. Then, I should be able to use my Paypal Business Debit Mastercard to pay my bills on EvolveMoney.com - without paying an extra fee (since it is a debit card from a large bank).

Can anyone confirm this? I just got my debit card and don't want to load my paypal account unless I know this works. 




 What is the difference here? A variable has to be public or private (correct?), and I think when you declare a class variable, and you don't specify public or private - then the default is public. 

So if I change my declaration from 'public static final String...' to 'static final String...', then is anything different?  




 I was so unbelievable disappointed that I missed the special edition cubania (strength 13). It sold out so quick. Can we make some sort of alert/sticky when it is available again? It's on Ebay, but it's double the price now. 




 I wanted to make my own website to further my career. I plan on using it for tech blogging, resume, projects I've done, to give me a greater 'presence', etc. 

Of course myname.com is taken ('myname' being my real name). So is firstname-lastname.com. However firstname-lastname.net is not taken. **Any reason I would not want to use the .net domain?** It's only $10 a year, and there is no strange spelling. 

This is in /r/cscareerquestions because this website is for the purpose of advancing my CS career down the line. 




 I started doing some PHP development (just started) on the side. I installed PHPStorm and a few other things. Is it ethical to be doing this on my work laptop? My job doesn't require any of these skills, it is purely for personal development. 














 They were going to have financials released yesterday but delayed. Not sure when they will be released. Looks like a good time to buy. 




 Tmobile will pay **up to** 1/2 of your phone when you upgrade. However, this is only after you have paid 1/2 of your phone.

Basically they are saying, "We will buy your phone off of you for 50% its original price, 1 year after you bought it".

The truth is, you can simply resell your phone for the same amount, if not more. All JUMP is providing you an easy way to sell your phone. That's all. Sounds pretty worthless to me, especially since my phone might be worth even more than they are giving me.  









 [The Complete Web Developer Course - Build 14 Websites](https://www.udemy.com/complete-web-developer-course/?hb=endless10 couponCode=endless10 utm_source=email_adhoc utm_campaign=endless utm_medium=10deal utm_content=2015-02-25-endless-10deal-lgpromo-3day dl=1)

Above is the link to a fantastic web development course. It's been recommended here before, just linking again because of the sale. Just bought the course myself! 



















 Just trying to start learning PHP on my own. I got phpStorm - and I downloaded (and installed?) WampServer. I am looking at [this](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/php-101--pre-73284) tutorial. I get the error message "PHP Interpreter is not configured". What am I supposed to do? I just want to run PHP locally for the time being. What file is the interpreter?

Actually I just opened a command window and typed 'php' and it said command not found, so I must have done something wrong. 

I know this is super-noob. Would appreciate any help. I feel embarrassed to ask people I know how to do this.

EDIT: Haha I figured it out! Found the php.exe file and pointed to that, and voila! Cool stuff!  




 I got my gas bill this month, and it was more than half of my bill from Dec - Jan. I'm comparing both bills, and you can see [here: snapshot of both bills](http://i61.tinypic.com/e1dv81.jpg), there is an extra line in my last month's bill called 'supplier charges' for an extra $189. What is that from last month? Any ideas? 

Edit: tried calling earlier but got hung up now. At work and wanted to know if anyone had a similar issue. I have Spark Energy as a 3rd party provider (not sure how that works), but I didn't drop them or anything - and they shouldn't be charging me more than PeoplesGas. That's the whole point of switching to them.
 




 **My background:** I am a recent CS grad, currently working at a large company doing Java/SQL only (for the time being). I have spent most of my time with Java, but I am familiar with C as well. I dabbled in Python and Haskell as well. Sadly, I have absolutely ZERO experience in HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, or really anything having to do with web development.

Right now I want to create a webpage based on data that I would pull from my Fantasy Football league on ESPN's website. From what I know, there is no API available from ESPN to access this data. Furthermore, the data I need is specific to MY league - meaning I need to login into my ESPN account to get  this info. I want to take this info, do some simple algorithm, and then simply display a text box on a website.

My question is, what are my options for implementation? I would want to know what would be a way I can implement this, with or without Java. I'm open to learning something new, but I know so little about web development that I honestly don't even know where to start. 

EDIT: To explain what I want to do - I want to create an alternative ranking system for my league. What I would need to be doing is taking the total points scored by each team (each week) - and then run an algorithm to create a NEW ranking/point system. So where on ESPN's website, you might be ranked 3rd, on my ranking system you might be ranked 5th. In order to get this info, I need to access my league and see how many points each team has scored. ESPN's stats and news API is not helpful because I need to know how the teams in **MY** league scored. 

Second Edit: Thanks so much everyone! Looking forward to maybe trying more than 1 way to do this. Just telling me I need a 'scraper' helped. None of this ever came up in school, at all. 




 Anyone have any good suggestions on what to get on Amazon with Subscribe and Save? Trying to save 15% by subscribing to 5x things, but I haven't found that many items that are actually cheap. Paper towels seem to be waaay too expensive.  




 I have a query that is like:
    select ... from ... where ... x=y (+) and a=b(+)

What is the **(+)**? 




 I've been reading that a lot of you recommend newcomers to go to a pro shop. I was just wondering if stand alone pro shops tend to be better than pro shops inside a Brunswick zone. I live on the very north side of Chicago (Touhy/Western) if anyone has any suggestions for that area that'd be great. 



















 No more dibs.
The snow storm was a week ago.
90% of parking spots are clean.
Get your junk off the street.
Don't be a selfish jerk.
No more dibs. 




 What is the best forum to post a code review? I know stackExchange has a codereview page, but it seems significantly less populated than other sites. Is this a page I could post a code review? Are there some places I might not be aware of? I am mostly interested in Java for the time being. 




 I've downloaded emulators in the past, but they were always riddled with terrible malware. Any legit and clean emulators for older game consoles?  









 http://oi62.tinypic.com/2ufw0ab.jpg

If you look at the picture above, the main folder is labeled as 'main.src'. I had to change the names as this is happening in my project at work.

src is a subfolder of main - but it's showing in the project view as if I have a folder called 'main.src' that has certain contents. How do I prevent Intellij from coupling a sub directory with its parent directory? 




 I know there is not a native way to do this in Windows 7. I Googled and found many links - however I'm not sure which ones to trust, and this is a work computer so I need to be certain that the download is legitimate. Any consensus on safe .iso to USB utilities?

I found this http://www.pendrivelinux.com/yumi-multiboot-usb-creator/ 

which seems really cool if it works.

I am also fairly new to Reddit ( 2 months), so please be nice. if I made some sort of faux-pas 




 So I compared my Galaxy Note 4 (LOVE IT) to my wife's iphone 6 plus (thank heavens I don't have to look at that tiny 4 inch screen anymore), and I was a bit shocked at what I noticed.

When looking at something that is supposed to be white, for example, the background of Facebook, I found that my Note 4 is considerably less white. In fact, the parts of the screen that are supposed to be white, look more like 'off-white' or maybe even a slightly yellow tint. 

Has anyone compared their Note 4 to an iPhone 6 plus and noticed this? It made me quite sad. I'm hoping its a defect - although it's been 3 weeks since I bought the phone.

I read a lot of iPhone 6 plus vs. Galaxy Note 4 reviews, and no one mentions this.

Also to note, this is my first time using Reddit. If I have violated reddiquette in some way, please be nice - point it out, but don't get pretentious about it.  
























 Oh ok. Well I haven't tried it yet, but it seems the last 3 are kind of hard. And if you have been programming for less than a year, I wouldn't feel bad. The author of the article is a little pretentious. 

If it is difficult for you, then  that's means it is a great example for you to work through. I'm sure people here would be happy to help! If you figure it out you will feel great and will learn in the process 




 You mean it was too easy? 




 LPT if you can't do this now, create a quick repo with a readme.md that contains the 5 problems. I already made a repository so I can come back to these problems later, and the questions are in my readme file. 




 My link https://db.tt/5mRlvfGS. I could use some more space for baby pictures! 




 Cuddle, then maul someone. 




 Karma. 




 Welcome to Reddit, newbie :) 




  These are two different things.

That's my point... you lumped it together. And

 Long story short, I've been writing "apps" since a decade before they were called "apps" and long before you had pubic hair

And another way you make yourself look like a d-bag by rubber stamping your authority. It sounds like you are over-compensating for something. Someone with 15 years experience doesn't tell you they have 15 years of experience unless:

* Their experience came into question
* They are lying
* They are insecure and worried no one will take them seriously

It can't be the first option, because you mentioned your experience before we even began talking. You entered a conversation and jumped in with an irrelevant opinion, and bragging of your experience. You reek with artificial superiority.

But please tell me how you were doing X while I was doing something only a child does. That really makes you appear mature and above childish arguments. 




 Who the hell refers to iOS apps as 'web apps'? Web app implies an app through a browser. So anything that gets information from the web is a 'web app'? Well that's new! (sarcasm)

 Edit: They are called fucking Fig Newtons, I'm reading it off the box you idiot.

wtf?

And I like how you bragged and gloated "I'm the shit and know more than you (even though I didn't even ask what you know) and I've been doing this for 15 years" - when your rant wasn't even relevant, neither was your AMAZING experience in 'app' development. Like who gives a crap? We are talking about naming conventions of the OS versions. If you didn't come off like a pompous douchebag, I probably wouldn't have said anything. 

At least I don't claim to know everything. I simply attacked your statements. At no point did I say, "I know more than you" or did I say I have "x years of experience and I am and expert in the field". You put yourself on a pedestal, so I tried to knock you on your pretentious ass. Maybe if you were more clear wtf you meant the first time around (and weren't a complete tool), then we wouldn't be here right now. 




 Opinion? Can you please tell me what web apps are coded in Objective C or Swift? Most web apps aren't even written nowadays in Java anyway (even though you could).

Either way you were complaining about *Android*, which has nothing to do with web apps or web sites. 

I Googled nothing. And again, your rant is irrelevant and seems to show your ignorance and blatant Android hating based on nothing. 

Have you ever even written an Android app? Sounds like you have not, which makes your rant really stupid. I say you have not written an Android app because you said:

 I've written websites and web apps for 15 years

As if that somehow makes you qualified to give an opinion on coding Android or iOS.

And: WHO GIVES A CRAP?? 




 Yes I guess this is more of a "TIL something I should have known 3 years ago" 




 Dude no one gives a crap about your rant here... go complain on /r/shittyprogramming or something. 

 TL;DR ~ I've coded both. I've written websites and web apps for 15 years. I've written apps since before you even knew the word was associated with something other than that small meal you eat before your actual meal.

Um who was talking about 'both'? And what do websites and web apps have to do with Android and iOS (and who was talking about iOS anyway?)

Last I checked Android is written in Java, iOS in Obj-C/Swift - web apps are written in CSS/HTML/Javascript/PHP/C#/etc. So either you are full of crap or too lazy to actually say what you mean. 




 right 









 That's hilarious. So much so that I almost gilded you. 




  instead of just rolling over for public unions.

Except that's what they've done for decades, and that's why we are where we are. 




 For those who defend Chicago Teacher's salaries with the 'cost of living' - New York City teachers get paid about the same (slightly less actually) than Chicago teachers. **However, the cost of living in NYC is 50% higher than in Chicago**.

I'm calling BS on this 'cost of living' justification nonsense. 




  The cost of living is also above the national average. Relatively decent pay also prevents people from going to improved settings.

Not compared to other major cities where teachers make *less* money than Chicago, and their cost of living is *higher*. Chicago teachers have it **very well**, even the more so when accounting for cost of living. 

Example - cost of living is much higher in New York - yet they make less than Chicago teachers. In fact, if you account for living expenses, it makes Chicago salaries almost 50% higher than New York. 




 Because its not the CTA 




 I DECLARE SHENANIGANS 




 I agree 




 The article says the same thing - which means it's not giving us proper information. You cannot survive without water for 5 days. Period. So something is missing. I read the article and learned nothing new. My point stands. 




 Um you can't survive 5 days without water... 




 [Anyone can learn to code](http://www.Anyonecanlearntocode.com)

I don't know too much about it, but the one person I know seems to have done pretty well. He wasn't job ready, but he was ready for an internship when he was finished. Also while he was working at the internship, he helped out at the boot camp. 




 Ok but I don't think this forum is for people who care about the financial state of Apple. Not a very interesting answer - although possibly true. 




 I messaged my friend (who had the internship and now a job). I don't know the name. Will get back to you. 




 Why? That wouldn't make for a better product. Who cares which manufacture the chips come from? 




 Tell you I'm pro-life, anti same-sex marriage, and of course, a Republican 




  Would you mind pointing out testimonials of people who went from zero to employed in 60 days? I can't wrap my mind around that, so I'd appreciate some narratives to guide me through that.

No no, 60 days is nuts. I have a friend I personally know who went to a bootcamp that took somewhere between 4-6 months. He then got an internship, and then got a job. It was a Ruby/rails bootcamp in Chicago. I'm trying to get the name of it. Will report back. 









 3 months even for 1 language is completely unrealistic. HTML/CSS/Javascript in 3 months? Possibly. Maybe. But doubtful. The boot camp that I know of is longer than three months, and seems to have good job placement. It's small and has a lot of individual attention.  




  And some bootcamps are worth 10x more than my CS degree

Well there are two years of garbage (humanities english history math you probably will never use, even in CS..). The other two years is a lot of concepts, and coding that you end up having to teach yourself anyway. 

My statement was a bit of an exaggeration, especially if we are talking about a 3 month program. 




 Why does everyone love Uub so much?  




 Except that long hair is not genetic... you either choose to cut your hair, or choose not to... 




 I always see a lot of anti-bootcampers here. I think we need to make sure we make that distinction that *some* bootcamps are complete garbage. And *some* bootcamps are worth 10x more than my CS degree. 

It's really not that complicated. Research your bootcamp before signing up. There are some really bad ones, and some really good ones. 

No need to argue here. 




 Got this cube the other day. It is just as awesome as I thought it would be. un-shapeshifting it isn't so hard. I got 5 out of 8 corners without a problem. The last two corners might be kind of difficult. It is really a great cube 




 Need to get 4 paddles and 4 cases for work. The budget they will allow is $100. What is my best option at this price? 




 Terrorists got killed - no one cares.  




 "I think I have [insert STD here]" 




 Haha I know, but the first link I found about sec was [this one](http://askubuntu.com/questions/20414/find-and-replace-text-within-a-file-using-commands) 




 **Below is what I wanted to post, but decided not to:**

This seems really simple, and I feel like I'm going to be embarrassed when I find out how to do this:

I want to take a file, to a find/replace using sed - however I don't want to make changes to the existing file - I want to keep the original file, but create a new file (or overwrite an existing file).

This is an example I found, but it does it in place:

    sed -i 's/original/new/g' file.txt

However in this case, file.txt has now been changed. I want to keep file.txt as-is, and create a new file `newFile.txt` instead.

Help?


*****

That was what I typed out for my original post. After re-reading the Posting Guidelines, I decided I had not tried hard enough to figure out the answer on my own. 

Well guess what? Two minutes later I found exactly what I needed. 

Lesson: Sometimes you need to try a little harder before posting and asking for help. 




 **Below is what I wanted to post, but decided not to:**

This seems really simple, and I feel like I'm going to be embarrassed when I find out how to do this:

I want to take a file, to a find/replace using sed - however I don't want to make changes to the existing file - I want to keep the original file, but create a new file (or overwrite an existing file).

This is an example I found, but it does it in place:

    sed -i 's/original/new/g' file.txt

However in this case, file.txt has now been changed. I want to keep file.txt as-is, and create a new file `newFile.txt` instead.

Help?


*****

That was what I typed out for my original post. After re-reading the Posting Guidelines, I decided I had not tried hard enough to figure out the answer on my own. 

Well guess what? Two minutes later I found exactly what I needed. 

Lesson: Sometimes you need to try a little harder before posting and asking for help. 




 So then what's the point?  To replace Sublime Text and Atom? 




 This same effect makes stars disappear when you resize an image, a common problem for those who do astrophotography. 




 This same effect makes stars disappear when you resize an image, a common problem for those who do astrophotography. 




 I've been pretty happy with Intellij for my Java coding. I use phpStorm for PHP/HTML/CSS if I need (haven't gotten to Javascript yet).

Anyone play around with VSC yet? 




 I love the stare-down at 1:17 




 And? The draft was yesterday. I use an add-on to chrome that's shows Reddit comments instead of YouTube comments. So I posted. Get over it. 




 He be goin to Da Bears! 




 Tesla would do a 10x better job than these scheming dealers. 




 Yes you will need to buy a domain name and get hosting. Good luck! 




 I've been told [Odesk](http://www.odesk.com) is the best. 




 I am not voting for any Democrat, but I like to see a good challenger to Hilary. I think it is good for the entire Presidential race to have him on, even if he doesn't win the nomination.  




 Every account on reddit is a bot except you 




 Yea I hear that - but what percentage don't have family to take care of? Would it be 50%? 80%? 10%? I have no idea. 




 Has anyone actually calculated the cost of putting someone on the street vs treating them 24/7 in a facility? The facility could easily cost the taxpayer $100k per year (that's a low number). Is it possible that him being on the street would more expensive than that? Doubtful, but it does have a cost. 




 The people who voted for Democrats who bankrupted this state need to feel the consequences of their actions (as well as wealthier folk who also voted for Democrats).  




 can you explain how it will cost the taxpayer if there are cuts? 









 What about a proper sub? I couldn't care less for English dub. I'd rather watch it sooner in English sub. 




 Haha yea well its supposed to be funny in context as well 




 See Cmder 




 Doesn't Cmder already have Clink?  




 Digi-Capital has also included revenues from the Chinese Android app stores, which don't stock Google apps and don't give Google any cut of the revenue. Google's suite of apps aren't available in China after all."

Wait so China has their own Play store? 




 Thanks for the input, will take your advice. I'll fix up the site tonight. last question - in my html for the image reference, should I use the URL, or the local file location? I noticed you used url, but that is only because you wanted to show what it looked like. 




  img{
     width: 100%;
     max-width: 900px; /*or whatever number you fancy*/
 }

So that makes it look better in the browser, but now on my phone it seems to default to 900px (which is wider than the phone). 

Why does that happen? 




 So on the phone I want it to expand to the edges, but on desktop, if it expands to the edges its simply too large. 

I guess ideally I would want the picture to expand to a max number of pixels, which I think someone else has made that suggestion. 

EDIT: I like how you restructured the CSS. Thanks!
I am actually changing the picture to a different Rabbi, which has a ratio that is taller, and not wider.

EDIT: Although why the specific sizes for the text? Why not just use h1, h2, h3 etc?  




 Yea I know about bootstrap, but I haven't gotten into it yet. I will learn it at some point, but for now I want to know how to do this with just CSS. I shouldn't need a framework to accomplish such a simple task. 




 As long as Nestle keeps making my Nespresso, I'm good. 




 [Here](http://www.askyourlor.com) is a simple website that I am working on. I want it to display some text, and then a picture. The problem I am having is that it either looks great on mobile or desktop: but not both.

I'm using the 

     meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1, user-scalable=0"

line to help with mobile (although I don't completely understand what it does). However the following code seems to make the picture too large on desktop:

        img {
            max-width: 100%;
        }

If I change the max-width to 60%, then it looks great on desktop, but the pic is then too small on mobile (it doesn't go all the way to the edges). 

Any help out there?
EDIT: Any other suggestions on my website are completely welcomed. And don't ask about the content.  




 Best comment so far 




 Ah I see. Well Saturday is impossible for me. WOuld I be able to come on Thursday and print out the tickets? 




 Lol so I gotta fly to Vegas in order to sell these tickets? 




 So what information are you adding here? That is a cancellation policy in case you don't pick it up. That's not what really what we are interested in. 




 It says this about Free Transfer Ticket -

 Why is there no Transfer button on my event in My Account?
Could be one of these:

 The venue doesn't offer Ticket Transfer yet (we're working on that)
The artist or venue turned Ticket Transfer off for that event/section

So it's possible that you can't. Will you be able to return the ticket? That's what I'm wondering. Their policy says up to 7 days, but this event could be excluded.

I have an Amex Business Plat card, and they can protect returns up to a certain amount (not sure how much).

EDIT: Amex will only cover up to $300. 




 What is the current rate of warming? 




 I thought the "Big 4" was Federer, Nadal, Djokovic, and Murray. 




 Powerball odds are around 1 in 170 million. I would probably say there won't be more than 10 million people trying to get the ticket at exactly 3 pm (and that is probably a gross overestimation). There are 500 tickets. So odds are 500 in 10,000,000, or 5 in 100,000, or really, 1 in 20,000. 

1 in 20,000 is significantly better than 1 in 170,000,000. 

So your odds of getting one of these tickets is 8500 times greater than winning the Powerball. 




 Interesting so that leaves Ticketmaster out. I wonder if that is for all tickets, or for TicketMaster only? 




 those 8000 are probably all promised to people already. Someone else noted that maybe you can't resell. Is that true? 




 what are you quoting? 




 So tickets go on sale at 3pm ET. Three places to get them:

* Ticketmaster.com
* Mgmgrand.com/mayweather
* Calling 800-745-300 (only 9 digits?)

So I guess the questions would be:

* Way to have the best odds of getting a ticket (there are only 500)
* Which ticket will have the *lowest* demand?
* Which ticket will give you the best return (total return, not percentage)

Since there are only 500 tickets going on sale, it will be almost impossible to get them, even if you go to the website at exactly 3pm. 

My theory - call 1 minute early to the phone number, and visit both websites at exactly 3. There is a chance those website won't be able to hand the load, and only those on the phone will get the tickets.

Is it even worth trying?

[Here](http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/boxing/deal-reached--so-tickets-for-mayweather-pacquiao-bout-on-sale-today-190839016.html) is the link describing info. 
 




 Coming soon to USA 




 You failed because you proposed a solution without even knowing what the data is. 




 Ok maybe, but def not what we have in mind - 1000 people walking around with headphones looking at art.  




 I should have specified - we want to *do* something - Art Institute is just walking around. I was thinking something sport or fun - not cultural. 




 It's a jpg for crying out loud. 




 I definately got a bit lucky. I got an internship for the team I currently work for, because I family friend of mine got me the interview (but not the job). After the summer they offered me a position for $75k. I'm not sure if my family friend had something to do with the salary, as it's corporate, and it's not like he can just throw money at me.

Anyway I have friends straight out of college who went to Seattle and got $100k, so $60-$70k sounds reasonable. Have you tried looking at Motorolla in the burbs? Boeing? CME? I don't know if the BA degree would hold you back after 5 years, but probably did when you first got a job.

As for helping you out, I only know of a position for a serious Oracle DB expert.  




 I work for a company with around 1000 people and we are looking for a venue for a summer party. We want a place where we can do something (not just hang around) outside - and somewhere we can go inside if the weather is bad.

Does such a place exist? We are located in the loop. 




 I am learning webdev on the side from my full time Java job - is photoshop really something you need to know? I am lost in the /s. 




 Ok I was thinking this was a redemption when buying tickets with miles - like the transferring to United and then buying a ticket with miles. I see that this is a bit different, and probably still not useful. 









 Had to zoom to 400% to read the article. That alone makes this a /r/shittyprogramming candidate 




 Just for some more data about Chicago -
I am a bit overpaid, but I make $75k (in the city) out of college only 4 months ago (I am also older, not sure if that changes anything).

I know that Motorolla (suburbs) pays at around $60k for some interns. HERE pays $50k for interns.

Just some numbers to think about. 




 at least this is the most upvoted comment 




  it's about the prisons wringing every last drop of money out of these guys

Um last I checked we *lose* money for keeping men in jail... 




  Depends on the religion.
 As a Muslim, there are

I stopped reading right there. 




 I had to add 'text-align: left' to the 'inner' class. The bullets were lined up, but the text was centered - so some of the text started next to the bullet, and some lines the text started far away (since there was little text to display, and it was centered).

I've just been googling everything I need to learn for CSS, but maybe some structured and detailed tutorials is what I need. Thanks for the help!

PS - didn't use codepen before - very helpful.

EDIT: my first codepen post- here is a demo of what change I had to make to your suggestion:

[my codepen](http://codepen.io/DanielGGordon/pen/QbLYzj) 




 Great answer! I tried the Flexbox version and it worked exactly how I wanted. Will try without Flexbox and report back. 




 Screw IE. 




 What is wrong with the design of the site? So hard to follow. I just wanted a simple top 10 list with names. Instead we go fancy yet annoyingly impossible to read graphs.  




 Elixir? 




 Holy cow flexbox is easy. Is flexbox not compatible with a lot of browsers? why not use it? 




 Jesus CSS is a pain in the ass. I'm learning it now. All I want to do is have a list of text (ul list), that is centered - but left aligned. So either I get bullets all the way on the left side of the screen, or bullets in the center, but completely scattered (they are not aligned vertically).

Cannot get this to work for the life of me. 









 I think I can guarantee the line number, or at least I can guarantee what the line will begin with (connection ... etc).

Yea I'm just wondering what too I can use. I have sed but not awk on Cmder. I have never used sec, but maybe that will work.  




 I like how OP specified that this is homework (not sarcasm). 




 Hi all!

I was wondering what is the best way to do the following (on Windows)

I have 4 .twb files (Tableau workbook - basically xml). Sometimes I will make changes to one workbook, and I want to copy the changes over the the other 3. The only difference between the workbooks is that they have different connection information. So really there is only a one line difference.

    connection authentication = myAuth schema='mySchema'

and so on. This line is different in each file, but everything else is the same.

How would I go about propagating all the changes from the first xml file to all four files - taking into account that the one particular line should not change for each file? 

Familiar with Java, so is there a simple library that can do this? Or maybe there is some script (scripting in windows?) I can write? I have Cmder, so maybe there is some utility for that I could use. Just need some direction. 




  Unfortunately I'd rather have the world be completely fucked climate wise in 100 years when I am dead than to have to live in a caliphate when I am old.

Both of those scenarios are hypothetical. 




 Would you say that is more of a stylistic thing, or there is a good reason for that? I agree with you that exceptions should be exceptions- but practically speaking I don't see why not use a try/catch for index out of bounds. 




 I'm calling bullshit on that one. 




 Because Europe is proving to have sustained a viable economic model? Greece? Spain? France? Even Denmark is showing signs that it's economic is not viable long-term. Not to mention comparisons to countries that are 1/60th of USA is not really a valid comparison. 

And you should read up on Sweden. They aren't doing so hot. 




 Regardless of their attitude, the 1%, **on average**, pay a higher effective tax rate (even when you include state, payroll, medicare etc) than the poor, the middle, and even upper middle class. 
























  Like most people who vote for Republicans, you aren't making even a little bit of an effort to engage with reality. 

Condescending tone noted.

 Public financing of higher education might not address plummeting admissions standards, but piling huge debt loads on the shoulders of young people is also not a solution to that problem.

Did I say that adding more debt is a solution? The debt is a symptom. That's what I said. Did you read?

Whatever else you might be referring to as a "root cause" is probably something that isn't even real

So you are making assumptions that I must be a hallucinating Republican. I just make s*** up. That must be it. 

Or maybe you can ask me like a normal person what I mean, instead of being so condescending and pretentious.

 As far as tax reform goes, it sounds like you've got some sort of trickle-down sickness. Wealth definitely does not flow from billionaires to normal folks, no matter how much more favoritism our economy shows to the billionaires. 

Your second [straw-man](https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/strawman) argument. Did I say anything of the such? Basically you have categorized me as a Republican, therefor you slap random talking points on me, and then argue against those.

 Fortunately, no one (except apparently /u/train_subject5136 ) believes taxation trickles down.

Really not sure how you got that from what I said. Same straw-man argument. Instead of making stupid assumptions, ask me what I mean 

 You really should be upset at whoever put such a foolishly toxic idea into your mind.

I guess I should be mad at Santa or the tooth fairy.  




 You mean like Germany? Who has a higher barrier for entry to get into college, and doesn't let everyone go to college? 

And I really hate the comparisons to European countries that are 1/20th our size. Netherlands has a **significantly** less diverse population. I'm not sure what this fascination is about taking these small European countries that are *nothing* like the USA, and trying to apply their policies here. Also don't forget their taxes are significantly higher, *for everyone, not just the rich*.

People also like to site Denmark, but they too will have issues with their job market in the future. See [here](http://www.businessinsider.com/free-universities-and-no-student-loan-debt-is-hurting-denmarks-economy-2014-6). Not the best or most detailed source, but this is sort of what happens when you throw around free tuition for all.

I'm all for lowering the cost of education - but just subsidizing it is absolutely the wrong approach. We need to be selective of how many people get free tuition, as well as what majors they can take. We can't subsidize 1,000,000 people getting sociology majors. We would be setting them all up to fail.

The issue is with universities raising their tuition, and the government continually subsidizing this inflated tuition. There are many other issues as well, such as the cultural mindset of the necessity of going to college and drowning ourselves in debt for worthless degrees. 

Making tuition free across the board solves absolutely nothing. Not to mention institutions will just raise their tuition accordingly. I would like to see less students going to college, and more students getting work that does not require an official 4 year degree. See Mike Rowe.  




 I find Liberal arguments tend to be watered-down, over simplified, and shortened. I see liberal memes all the time that illicit the kind of, "F*** those damn Republicans/banks/rich ppl" etc, with out going into any detail of why something is the way it is.

Liberals are often not interested in deep discussion, but pointing at a few numbers and screaming "they hate the poor, rich people are evil" etc. It's really repetitive, and appeals to the lowest common denominator.

I'm not saying Republicans/conservatives don't this - but to say *"it deals with nuance and how far to go in one direction or the other. It doesn't lend itself to bumper stickers or Facebook memes very well. "* I think is very untrue.

The other problem is that Liberals are intent on fixing symptoms instead of the root cause of a problem. Bernie Sanders for example wants to make tuition free - this is a perfect example of patching up a symptom, instead of taking the (more difficult to do, and more difficult to sell to the masses) approach of fixing the root cause.

/u/tommyrp says below:

 The problem with Liberalism is that it dosen't actually solve any of the problems. The solution is always the same, lets take money from one group of people and hand it to another group of people. Healthcare too expensive? Let someone else pay for it, can't afford food? Let someone else pay for it. Education too expensive, lets subsidies student loans with someone elses money. I've never see any Liberal actually talk about actually fixing the real issues of cost in healthcare, education or poverty.

Liberalism nowaday just seems to mostly be a finger pointing game, riling up emotions of people who aren't doing well, using their pain and directing at political opponents. Liberals by and large appear to be *petty*, and operate on the theme "It's conservatives/rich folk/wall street's fault". It might be partially true, but when that is your only message, it's hard to take you seriously. 


 




 /r/politics is a liberal fest. I assume you're joking, or stupid. 




 I sort of agree with you, except for the socialist-like stances he takes on some things would be detrimental to the country as a whole. One example, the "free tuition for all" is a short-sighted 'solution' that covers up a symptom instead of fixing the root cause. Also his ideas about tax reform are downright insane, and would increase the tax burden of **all** Americans. Those kind of stances would still force me to vote for a Republican over Bernie. 




 Missing x-axis labels, missing y-axis units, arbitrary shapes in the line graphs...  




 "How not to make graphs and charts" 




 BUT I THOUGHT JAVA WAS A DYING LANGUAGE?! 




 I think people also forget that it has always been much harder to beat Nadal in Grand Slams (where you need to win 3 sets, not 2). Nadal has always done historically much better at grand slams. Although I question his physical capacity. He could mentally and physically wear down opponents in the past. I don't think he can do that now. 




 It should be illegal to put police sirens in a radio commercial. 




 Most likely final:

Djokavic vs Federer

I'm down with that. 




 It's possible Nadal will need to beat Djok, Murray, and then Federer to win the title.

Damn that's gonna be hard. But if he pulls it off... #greatestever 




 Umm that's only .25%. What about the other 9.75%? 




 For another comparison, an Olympic pool is 660,000 gallons. 




 Just for comparison, an Olympic size swimming pool is 660,000 gallons. So this oil spill is about 1/6th of that. 

Not saying it's OK. Just stating facts. It's still bad when so close to the shoreline. If this spill was in the middle of the ocean, it would have little effect. 




 Actually to be fair I'm not sure how to make the phone numbers line up. My text looks like yours except the phone numbers are uneven. There is probably an easy way to fix it. not sure how though 




 Nice. I did something similar very quickly using Sublime Text. No regex required 




 Lol thanks for the advice... I wouldn't have put it in there if I couldn't afford to lose it.  




 How did I not know about Odin? 




 Yup. They are walking away from this thinking: "Worth it". 




 Ok I'm kind of new to webdev (like really new). Is Dreamweaver for 'developers', or is it actually for developers? Not clear what it does. 




 I've been holding this since I bought it about 3 months ago. Down around 50%. I'm tempted to cut my losses. I only put in about $100. Thoughts? 




 holy cow it's up 98%. Hope you bought some. 




  using the emotional charged "anti vaxxer"

what you should have said is:

 using the emotionally charged "anti vaxxer" 




 Hence why Bernie Sander's proposal for 'free tuition' does absolutely nothing to solve the problem. 




 Sadly it happens anyway on Reddit to a lot of conservatives. I see comments downvoted solely due to difference of opinion. 




 You said you are conservative. He won't bother answering you. 




 He accidentally aggroed an entire mob. We tried to AoE but to no avail. 









 This one guy was doing fine, and then he 12(b)(6)ed all over the place. The judge was having none of it. 




 5 years from now, there will be a few options to purchase a car that drives autonomously in select cities. But you will still be required to grab the wheel occasionally. 

That is a very big step away from having cars drive around on their own 




 Well I have that stupid Tmobile warranty, but the deductible is stupid high.  




 So it's OK to treat non-minimum wage workers like beaten dogs? 




 Yes 




 I should have specified that this wasn't this way to begin with. Are you saying this is something that happens often to you? 




 So every time I turn on my camera, it is completely out of focus. It doesn't focus properly until I point the camera at something really far away ( 15 feet). I noticed that it's actually setting the focus to be very short - about 3 inches - every time I turn on the camera.

Any workarounds? 




 Lol no I haven't seen the girl since my senior year in high school. I'm very happy with my wife 




 Hell no.

It took me almost 10 years to realize there was this girl who liked me.

We were on an exchange trip in France, and we split off from the group and went into a plush garden and laid down next to each other. 

She slept on my shoulder on the bus.

She danced with my best friend to make me jealous.

10 years after it happened, when telling the story to my wife, I realized she had tried pretty hard to get me to make a move. I was just totally clueless.

EDIT: For typo 




 I know a lot of Jews over 6 feet. 




 Oh, my wife's a 10/10 for you, too? Ha Ha Ha! 




 Thanks - I'm not so great with PL/SQL so any help is appreciated. 




 I want to drop a table, but there are other tables that depend on it (foreign key). Is there a way I can programatically find all such tables, and disable the constraints (temporarily) so I can drop the table? 

EDIT: I did notice there is a table called "USER_CONSTRAINTS". A query like:

    select TABLE_NAME from USER_CONSTRAINTS
       where R_CONSTRAINT_NAME like 'my_table%'; --'%' for trailing space

Returns the 5 tables that have a FK constraint on my table. Not sure what to do with it though. 




 Please do - I made the website. I might at some point add some contact info for kashrus agencies or chabad or something 




 www.askyourlor.com 




 www.askyourlor.com 




 I'm not sure what you mean 




 My great-grandfather has a lifetime business of owning taxis in New York. I wonder how much money he's lost because of Uber. Not complaining. Just wondering. 




 Great there goes the traffic on Touhy and Mccormick 




 EDIT: Shoot I had the bot do 12 years initially.

I'd say there is a 50/50 change more than 5% of cars are self driving in 13 years. Maybe 15 is a bit much. What would the bet be? We'd both have to be on Reddit 15 years from now. There is a Remindme Reddit bot we can use.

RemindMe! 13 years "5% of cars are self driving within 13 years"

 




 Yea good point. No excuses for being this stupid 




 Why do you think it's probably true? 




 Well that's just mean 




 He clearly does not speak English as a first language. Maybe that's where the breakdown is? 




 There is a difference than finishing their product, and actually getting it used around the world. Obvious problem is cost - not everyone will be able to afford it. Second problem is testing. They only test in 1 or two cities. It would have to be tested ALOT more to be approved for global usage. It will be 15 years before we see more than 5% of cars on the road being self-driving 




 We will be lucky if self driving cars can be purchased and used in more than 1 city 5 years from now 




 This reminds me of when people freaked about us running out of whale oil. 

We will find a substitute. We'll be just fine without helium 




 Forget about it passing. The idea simply doesn't work. What would prevent colleges from raising rates if the government is paying for it all? Do you force colleges to freeze tuition? How do colleges compete if they are all free? How do we afford to pay for all of this? 




 I disagree that we are even close to the point of no return.

And even if that's true - then why would we do anything about it? The point is alarmism does NOT get your point across correctly to those that don't agree with you. Sensationalism works to stir up people who already agree with you, but alienates those that don't. If the end goal is to get things done, then sensationalism is the wrong approach. That's all. 




 This seems to be the theme of US politics, sadly. 




 Yea except that's not what the graph shows, and it's been well over 30 years since our astronomical increase in CO2 usage. We should have seen an exponential increase in temperature - but we haven't. The temperature increase has been linear at best. 




 I don't think they will figure it out, and it is more or less inconsequential to me or them. Not having headlights on is dangerous. Having a blinker on? Slightly annoying 




 So then say that. The, "They pay **more** than their fair share" statement is very misleading. 




 Where did all those people talking about how biased Moody's is?
Hmmm... [These people](http://www.reddit.com/r/chicago/comments/35r73k/chicagos_debt_rating_was_just_cut_to_junk_at/) 




 How can someone who pays general taxes **AND** gas taxes, tollways, permits, stickers, etc - compare to someone who **ONLY** pays general taxes? By definition the drivers pay more. 




   Gas taxes and other fees cover less than half of road maintenance and construction costs. The rest is covered by general taxpayers at all levels of government, so people walking, biking and and riding transit are paying more than their fair share.

Um so that means that those who drive pay gas taxes, AND general taxes. Wtf is this logic? It states exactly the opposite. They pay less. I'm not saying I care, I'm just saying this doesn't prove their point. 




 RemindMe! 5 years "An Antartic Ice Shelf should collapse" 




 People that are passionate about something they think they understand (but don't), while thinking other passionate people also don't understand that thing - scare me. 




 That falls into, "Just go" 




  I also do it if someone has changed lanes and haven't cancelled their signal

Someone that clueless will never figure that out. I would not do that. 




 They can't, but they still will... they won't say anything about it. 




 Also, why do we need to chose between 'downplaying' and 'alarming'? Why can't we just be realistic and say, "Ok, you're right. If we do nothing, we won't see anything bad happen for 25 years (instead of 5). But we can't wait 24 years to fix things. We need to start now". If that was the attitude, I think people would respond better. But I think we also need to be honest and say that the changes that happen don't have to be overwhelming. 

Take for example how we forced US car manufacturers to increase their average MPG in their cars. It has had a strong effect on the demand for gas, and of course the consumption of it. Steps like these should be made. Small, yet significant changes. Republicans would be more willing to listen and actually take some sort of action if Democrats weren't so alarmist doomsday-like. 




 My biggest problem with inconveinent truth (and I noticed it right away was [this](http://imgur.com/dJlYBgm) graph of CO2 vs. Temperature]. My question was, shouldn't then the temperature be 5x higher than it is now? There is a clear disconnect in correlation as soon as CO2 begins to skyrocket. 

My follow up question is always, What is the relationship between CO2 and temperature? It can't be linear, because if it was, we would all be dead. It is likely logarthmic, or sub-logarithmic. In which that case, the temperature increase due to CO2 increase, actually decreases over time.

Which means over time, CO2 has less and less of a negative effect on the temperature over time. Not to mention the earth's population growth is slowing, and consumption of fossil fuel per person is decreasing (more efficient cars, alternative fuel sources). I think that over the next 15 years we will see a very small (if at all) increase in temperature, possibly many years of no change. 

Not to mention CO2 is one of the 5 million factors that contributes to the Earth's global temperature. 

When I tell people I am skeptical of climate change - I am not saying I am skeptical that fossil fuels do not effect the environment - what I am saying is that I am skeptical of *how much* you claim fossil fuels are making on temperature/environment.  




 omg how could I forget.

Edit 2: No really, how could I forget? I once was flashing my headlights to indicate there was a cop behind me. a 1/4 mile later, was another cop. He saw me flashing my lights, and immediately pulled me over. 

He asked me, "Is there something wrong with your headlights sir?". I said no. He ended up giving me a ticket for not having proof of insurance or something. It was a legit ticket, but I wouldn't have gotten pulled over if I hadn't flashed my lights. 




 **Get out of the lane, you are too slow**

You are going too slow for traffic (or maybe you are doing fine), but someone behind you thinks you are going too slow. Speed up, or get out of the lane. However, *if you want confrontation, and you want to put yourself in a dangerous situation, stay in your lane and maintain your speed*.

**Your headlights are off**

Obvious, but it means it is night time, and you forgot to turn on your headlights. Just flip them on, and give a courteous wave/thank you.

**Please go, I'm giving you the right of way**

This could happen at a stop sign. You both came at the same time, and both of you are waiting for the other one to go. If they flip their lights on and off, then they are telling you to go. 

This can also happen when someone has stopped, and is has no intention of going - and just wants you to go.

Either way, it means *just go*

EDIT: How could I forget? I feel this is not used as often anymore, as if cops know you do this, they will pull you over.

**There is a cop ahead**

Someone heading towards you in the opposite direction is indicating there is a cop behind them. Proceed with caution, slow your roll. 




 You're right. 2013 - Al Gore said it, and a lot of people bought it, and perpetuated it.  




 In rare cases where there are bad batches and children become sick. (http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/may/11/mexico-suspends-infant-vaccines-after-two-babies-die-and-29-fall-ill)[This] just happened recently in Mexico. I'm not an anti-vaxxer. I'm just making a comparison. 




   The Antarctic Ice Shelf is going to collapse within 5 years.

Is part of the 2nd highest comment here. ONE arctic shelf (of dozens) will melt in 5 years. But the notion is that 5 years from now, everything will go to hell. That's not concern - that is alarmist. Concern is important, but it doesn't help when you over exaggerate 




 That de-escalated quickly... 




 The point is - it is alarmist. And I think that's why many people are skeptical of climate change. Not skeptical as in "I don't think it happens". More like, "I know climate change exists, but they are exaggerating it a lot". If I only read the top 3 comments and their replies, I would think 5 years from now the world will end. It couldn't be further from the truth. 

Remember how Al Gore said the Polar ice cap would melt by 2014 (or 2015? I don't know, but exactly, but that time has passed). Back then most climate change supporters would repeat the same claim. It turned out not to even be remotely true.

If climate change supporters were more *realistic* and less *alarmist* then I think we could have legitimate discussions. Instead what we get is:

"THE WORLD IS ENDING IN 5 YEARS"

"YOU SAID THAT ALREADY 5 YEARS AGO, SO I KNOW YOU ARE LYING, AND WILL IGNORE EVERYTHING YOU SAY, EVEN IF MOST OF IT IS TRUE" 




 Weren't we told the ice caps would melt by 2014?  




 Statistically you are better off having a Rabbi do it compared to having it done at a hospital. Lower botch rates. Not to mention the health benefits. 

Immunizations can be harmful too, but we do them anyway. I'd say the rates of failures are similar. 




 This does not look like a good thing... 




 You don't agree about what? 




 Omg why is every word (including 'The' and 'To' and 'Of') in the title capitalized?????? AHHHHHHH 




 As others have pointed out, this is .008% of the total water. It's a drop in the bucket, figuratively.  




  But hey, what kept a politician in officer over the past 10-20 years? Proposing a tax increase for new water infrastructure or tax cuts?

I'm a bit confused, because Cali is run by Democrats who LOVE tax increases 




  It's not your money so no one really cares what you think they should do with it

But if I told you we should tax the rich more, I bet you agree. Funny how that works. 









  I don't want someone to enrich my life, I want someone to reassure me that my shitty life is adequate


That's the best part right there. 




 Catholic + Jew = Cashew 




 In my sophomore year of high school, my friends and I played poker for real money (no chips, we just remember what we owed each other). The next year the school banned playing cards for the entire school.

There were over 4000 students in my high school at the time. 




 Restaurant employees hands down.  




 Glad to see some recruiters are reasonable. I've heard most of them are slimeballs. 




 You seem to discount that MANY poor/middle/lower-middle class people rent apartments. Increasing property tax will easily increase someone's rent from $900 to $950 or even $1000. This can be a really big hit that will effect those who really can't afford much more.

This also has a side effect of people having less money, which means they spend less - and the government collects less. Not significantly, but you can't discount that it slightly diminishes the return. 




  Both Fitch and S P have Chicago on negative outlook. Are they also extreme right-wing operations?

@_Guiness It would be nice if you edited your top comment to be less misleading - and less politically charged. 




 Do you buy your car online? I know dozens of people who use their parents' addresses in the suburbs in order to avoid paying chicago taxes on their car. 




 ^^
A much more objective answer than OPs "They're just right-wingers so ignore them"  




 I would rather these wealthy people donate money to a homeless shelters, or food for poor/homeless than these museums... 




 This seems to be a false notion perpetuated by uninformed young people. My guess is this mostly comes from the webdev crowd and Python lovers. 




 AMA's are great, but only if they are infrequent (1 per week).  




 What if it's really that S   P and Fitch have an extreme left-wing agenda, and Moody's is actually the only one reporting objectively?

Not saying I believe that, but why is that not a possible conclusion we could make? 









 I like d rose. Relax. 




 Yea except anti semitism overwhelmingly comes from liberals, not conservatives. 




 I felt similarly with High Line Coffee. Not better, and didn't fit very well into my machine.  




 1. Faster switching to camera, and to gallery. It is WAY to slow.
2. Better lens that captures more light, and has a faster shutter. I get way too many blurry pictures when the subject is moving
3. Usb 3.0
4. Increased battery capacity (keep it swappable!)
5. No ridiculous bloatware 

Everything else is 'nice', but not essential.  




 Lol someone is touchy... 




 NYT  1 mistress... 




 It also depends on how far you live from where you work. For example your cost of living will be MUCH lower if you live in the Southwest suburbs of Chicago, instead of living in the loop. Long commutes can offset higher costs of living in some cases. But Austin does seem the place to be 




 I didn't know mechanical engineers could afford Maseratis. 




  Girls cant be in the same house as husband during period

Wtf where did you grow up? No such law exists. 




  the rest of the world will basically be damned. 

Huh? Not sure where that comes from 




 It seems the UK model allows for significantly worse disproportional electing. The problem in the US pales in comparison.  
























 Too bad. This is over. Next year Rafa.  




 Nice Matrix reference. 




 I would agree with you, but he isn't the same Rafa today.  




 Then tell that to the other thread. Get out of here. We don't care about Murray here. 




 So McEnroe is saying Nadal is making him sick to his stomach, or the Ump is making McEnroe sick to his stomach? 




 Why did he say that? I'm not watching the game, I'm at work. 




 For sure. But looks like he is going to get demolished today.

EDIT: WOW what a turnaround by Raffa. 









 I feel violated. 




  Abandoned in a jungle with monkey shit all over him.

Best comment on this thread by far 




 JUST DO IT 




  Director: Deaf Bodybuilders

I honestly laughed out loud at that. 




 'Too', not 'to'. 

Grammar motherfucker. 




 JUST DO IT 




 You should post this on /r/interstellar maybe 




 Nice username 




 See you on the other side slick! 




 I like the idea of returning a String. Good call!  




     if (fizzbuzz == "") fizzbuzz += i;

Wouldn't you want to do something like 

    if (fizzbuzz.equals("")) fizzbuzz += i;

instead? 




 Djokovic and Nadal have played 43 times to date; Nadal leads 2320. **In Grand Slams, Nadal leads 93, in Grand Slams finals Nadal leads 43. In best-of-five matches, Nadal leads 103.** In finals, Djokovic leads 1210. 




 I have a solution [here](https://gist.github.com/anonymous/3ad82de8f0627732acb5) (also didn't know I could make anonymous gists if I am not logged into github).

Am I missing something, or is this probably the best most simplest way to implement the solution? 

Anyone have a better solution? 




 I'll be honest, I don't even know what COBOL is, or what exactly it's used for. I just know it's old, and only old people know it, and it's still used to some degree. 




 New users on godaddy.com can get domains for under $2. I bought a domain for fun for $1.87 I think. 




 I am wondering though - what if the supply of COBOL developers becomes so low, that companies invest out of using COBOL. Possible? 




 I'm not sure. I think someone who actually knows how to code, so they can do Javascript (**and** be able to do fizzbuzz), html, css etc - I think so. 




 Thanks Obama 




 We will see a bubble in the webdev sector. Although legitimate developers will be OK, all these 'front end developers' who learn to code in three months - will not be in demand. There will be too many of these types of people. Salaries won't keep exploding. I think they are close to peak. CS is becoming more and more of a popular degree. The difficulty of finding a 'good developer' will diminish over time. 




 Absolutely. What happens when all these 50 year old COBOL deveoplers retire? 




 Ha you put into words what I was thinking. "Overzealous designer" makes a lot of sense. I can picture it quite clearly. 




  git is some stripped down version of github.

Lol does that actually happen? That's so bad it's kind of funny.

Anyway I started going through Atlassian's tutorial on git, and it is quite good. 




 Go to any sports website, and you will see a big picture with a short title showing who won the most recent matchup. Example -

NHL.com - If you went there after Saturday's game, you would see a picture of a Blackhawks player, and a title that says, "Hawks storm their way to a 3rd Stanley Cup playoff"

Or something like that. I shouldn't have to scroll or look for scores. It should be obvious. 




 I hear. I guess I like using multiple devices and having remote storage. Setting that up myself sounds painful. 




 I mean for a second it looks cool - but practically speaking, to get the information I want - it's painful. Without scrolling I should be able to see what matches completed today **and** what the results are. 




 To be clear, I am specifically talking about the desktop. I haven't tried out mobile. 









 I think people forget that Djokavic has off games. Everyone here seems to think Djokavic will be in top form - not a certainty. Remember last FO final? Djokavic did not play so well. Could easily happen again. 




 Definitely mentally weaker - and that was one of his biggest strengths. But straight sets? Hard to imagine.  




 If you want to keep your code private and secure, use Bitbucket.

Am I missing something? Public code I would show to future employers I put on Github. But that side project I wouldn't want anyone to steal (and I might make money off of it one day) I host on bitbucket. It's *private*.  




 I just want to see the most simplest thing, like seeing on the front of the page "Nadal beats Sock in 4 sets". Instead I have to scroll around and find the right link. I find the website layout to be horrendous. It feels like a young web developer made it with cool new features, but forgot the absolute basics. 




  I know programming make a crap ton, but we are actually worth more than a crap ton in this current climate.

I hear that. It's just kind of funny. 




 Why is this in /r/athiesm? No really, I'm confused. 




 I have a good friend of mine who just finished residency. I think he's 30. And he is going to do a fellowship or something like that. That $200k-$400k salary takes a while to get. But ya, once you are 40 years old your debt will probably be gone for the most part and you'll be making bank. 




 You forgot to mention that final will probably be Federer. He will have to beat Djok, Murray, then Federer to win the Open 




 An extra 4 years of school, then 3 years of 70 hour weeks in residency? Enormous debt? Long term its good, but not until you are 35 




 Any thoughts on HERE maps? 




 I have a college account with unlimited and a regular gmail account. Anyway to apply that unlimited to my regular account? I graduated and not really interested in using my college account 




 In a conservative who voted against Biden, but your comment is ridicously offensive, ignorant, stupid, and in poor timing.

Bush and Iraq? The previous administration didn't get anyone killed? His son just died for crying out loud. Say something nice, or shut up. 




 Lol - people that park this way. No gender/race is immune to this behavior. 




 Or maybe people should learn proper parking etiquette. This is a 'blame the victim' argument. 




 Haha yea. And I am annoyed with the "chill the fuck out" comments. I wasn't freaking out about this. I actually have an example of an even bigger parking etiquette fail, 2x Cara behind this pickup.

Oh, and the pickup is still there 




 It's probably the same entitled selfish jerks who claim dibs in the winter. Basically, inconsiderate people who don't really care when their actions inconvenience others. 




  Software engineers are underpaid in the bay area

Lol. Really? Are you sure?  




 No unions at all, and none in the foreseeable future. Our skill sets alone allow us to make high demands. We get paid well, great benefits, good job security. Why the hell do I need to pay union bosses to negotiate my salary? Screw that. 




 Didn't say it's legal. It's just not enforced. Basically never. I saw someone get a ticket for parking too close to the sidewalk - but his rear end was about 1 foot from the sidewalk. 




 That is true in many cases, but not this one. There was no car that was in the 4 foot spot in front of this pickup. Nor any of the other dozen times I see this happen 




  It solves your problem by finding parking

First off, these types of apps already exist, and aren't terribly successful. The adoption rate is quite low, and would be a waste of my time unless I really felt like sitting down and making a beautiful app - which I don't.

You think anyone in my area has spare parking spots? Anyone with a garage uses it. The problem is not communication. It's supply. There is a nursing home nearby I can park at, but it's not so close. 

I wasn't posting this to get irrelevant advice.  




 That's nice but do you think I'd be complaining if I own property? 

Thanks for the very obvious and irrelevant information.

How will my app prevent users from parking like assholes?
How does that solve my problem? 
Why are you telling me to do something that you are too lazy or too stupid to do yourself? 




 Are you brain-dead? Homeowners and business **own their parking space**. *Street parking belongs to the city*. 

*You cannot rent out something that does not belong to you*. 




 "Hack an app"

Is this how people really talk nowadays? It's strange people interchange the word "code/program" with "hack". 

That doesn't make sense anyway because you can't rent out something you don't own. 




 You can be pregnant **and** have a baby in your hand... they are not mutually exclusive...

Ah, unless you are making a funny. Good one sir. 




 "Losing my mind"

I didn't know making a Reddit post qualifies as losing my mind, but OK.

I get pissed when people are inconsiderate and lazy, and negatively impacts other people.  




 I am the ultimate dibs hater. **Dibs are evil.** My wife isn't entitled to anything. It's just infuriating when a spot is wasted, when it didn't have to be that way. 

Don't assume. Dibs are evil.  




 Interesting, but not around these parts. I've parked with my nose 5-6 inches beyond the pole - overnight - dozens of times. I see cars all the way up to the pole, including large ones. Parking 20 ft within a sidewalk might be the law, but it is not enforced. And in this neighborhood, no one parks farther than 5 feet away from the sidewalk. 




 I am saying this is not the case. Trust me. And this happens ALL the time. I've seen these people park like this, without any obstacle preventing them parking like a normal person. 




  Maybe move to a neighborhood where you fell more comfortable walking around?

Yea that's the answer. Move.

Thanks dude. I'm calling my realtor now

/s 




 West Rogers Park 




 I'm not freaking out. Not slashing tires. Not fighting with people. Just asking people not to park this way. It wastes valuable street parking space.

Is that a problem? 




 Who says I'm in the car? When I'm at work my wife uses the car, baby in hand. 




 SFH? It's a part of West Rogers Park that has 4 apartment buildings within a short block of each other. This intersection has 2 apartment buildings. I sometimes have to find parking very far away - and when my wife comes home at night, I have to go downstairs and park the car for her - so she doesn't walk so far at night by herself. 




 Seriously I'm posting a pic on Reddit. Not keying the car or slashing tires. I'm not freaking out. It's just annoying. It would be nice if we parked more efficiently. 




 I'm telling you, if he moved up all the way, we'd be able to park 4 cars here. Instead, we can only park three. Maybe I should submit a picture of that also. 




 I'm 27.

I didn't leave a note yet. I'd like too though. 




 Half a car length makes the difference, especially when you are already taking up so much space because you are a pickup truck.

And yes it is a no parking sign, pointing in front of the pole. 




 Of course it's open. That's the middle of the day. Come back at night time and there is no where to park, and this ass is still here. 




 It's the middle of the day. There is always parking then. It's night time that's the problem.  




 For the record, my street does not have ample parking at night due to apartments. This strip has enough round to fit 4 cars, even if 1-2 of the cars are longer than normal. This is provided some asshole like this doesn't take up an extra 3 feet. my wife is pregnant and this spot is right in front of my apartment. It's really infuriating when she or I have to park really far away when there could have been a spot at our front door. 




 EDIT 




 EDIT 




 Nope. I see this all the time in the same spot. People are just inconsiderate idiots. 




 That's your comparison? A sport where the swinger misses often? Shanks are normal? You need to be able to hit the ball *every time* in tennis. There is no reason to 'guess' where the ball is going. You have a significantly longer reaction time allowed in tennis than in cricket. 

If you are looking away from the ball in the last moment, after you are halfway through your *forward swing*, you will probably be ok. 

You've used two completely different sports to make a comparison to tennis anyway. And check the attitude if you are going to respond. This isn't /r/politics.
 









 When people respond to the AskReddit question underneath someone's comment, instead of as a new comment. Karma piggybacking motherfuckers. 




  your brain already knows exactly where that ball is going to end up.

No - your brain knows the *area* it will end up. If you want to hit the ball in the sweetspot, and not shank it, you need to watch the ball until it comes very close to you.

Btw, that wasn't a story. 




 And that is only the number caught *and* expelled. I had Chinese students in my Humanities class who blatantly plagiarized their paper. They got an F for the assignment, but were not expelled. 




 If g-d created a tree yesterday, how old is that tree? 

If you say one day, you would be correct. But you might also say 5 years, since it takes that long for the tree to appear that way (5 years is arbitrary, but obviously a tree cannot be 1 day old- it had to grow first).

That's how I think of it.

Also I'm not sure when arguing with creationists, we use carbon dating as an example. A much better proof of the age of the universe is to look at the stars. Billions of light years away. If they were 6000 years old - we wouldn't be able to see them. 




 I'd hardly call keeping national parks open comparable to hurricane relief. The worst part of the sequester was the congestion at airports due to less air traffic controllers. That is still not comparable to disaster relief - and was avoidable even with the sequester. 

And I think you are mixing up things anyway. Shutting down the government due to a disagreement of budgeting - that's not pork. That's what a budget is. "Make these spending cuts, or we won't agree on a budget". Very related. 

If Republicans made a demand that is *not* related to the budget/spending, then that would be similar. Still, does not compare to relief funds or other kind of emergency funding. 




  I don't think there is that big a difference, it's just that one is more distasteful than the other because there is human suffering involved. Other than that, it's all the same.

That's a big fucking difference. One bill - "We need to pass it TODAY. PEOPLE NEED THIS BILL TODAY" vs. "We can pass this bill today, tomorrow, next week, or next month - it's not a big deal".

Not to mention when you need both democrats and republicans to vote for a bill, it *has* to have something that both sides want in order for it to pass.

Relief bills are non-partisan, no brainer, non-political bills that should **never** have pork in them.  




 A 5 dimensional sphere 




 Although pork barrel spending add ons are typical - for immediate disaster relief funding, I find it unacceptable. 

There is a very big difference between adding pork barrel spending to a bill that is not an emergency, vs using this tactic when emergency relief funds are required.

If Republicans tacked on tax breaks to the relief fund bill, wouldn't Democrats vote against it? Wouldn't that be downright disgusting? But that's basically what happened here.  




 There is a BIG difference between adding garbage legislation to an emergency bill, and adding legislation on a non-critical bill that has been back and forth for a month. The latter is acceptable and typical. The former is unacceptable, and I'm glad it got voted against. Using emergency funding to push a political agenda is disgusting, and it was clearly a completely political move.  




 This is likely because relief funds were bundled with a bunch of other unrelated legislature that had no business being part of the relief bill. 




 Sweet. Already got a dollar on my account 




 No one wants to openly admit that one particular demographic is responsible for the vast majority of this obnoxious behavior. This is my personal experience from riding from Howard to 35th street, 5 days a week for almost 2.5 years. 




 Intersting. Will keep on eye on it. It's one of those stocks that will do nothing for 1-2 years, and then pop like crazy. 




 Everyone on Reddit is a bot except you.

Oh oops. wrong post. 




 Was waiting for this comment to show up 




 Did you really just name two private ivy-league schools? As if they are even part of this conversation. Anyone going to those schools have no problems getting jobs out of college. And post-doc work? This entire discussion has been about undergraduate studies. Not ivy league graduate students and PhDs. That's not your average student. Those are not the students that typically struggle with unemployment and high student loans. 




 Someone making $75k straight out of college will be making $90k in a few years. And if they only had to take out $30k, their loans would all be quite low in percentage (probably no private loans needed). Of course it would be better to have less debt.

However my point is that the numbers are no even close to what I'm saying. Average student debt is greater than $30k, and the average salary is closer to $40k (many students don't even get jobs). That is the problem. If we were all only at a 40% debt ratio, we wouldn't have 35% of people between 22-30 living in their parents homes.

And your high school comparison is nice, but I'd take the $30k debt any day over no debt and a $9/hr job. That $9/hr job won't get you anywhere. So yea that's nice you can do it for cheaper, but it is not an end result. 

 To suggest that 40% of your income going toward student loans is fine is financially irresponsible.

Who said 40% of your income goes to the loan? You pay the loan over 10-25 years. Your payment will be less than 10% of your income. 

I can tell you because the numbers I used is exactly my position. I have $30k in loans, $75k income, and my loans payments are about 5% of my income. Over the life of my loan I'll pay around $6,000 interest. Considering the job that I have, and the career I have ahead of me, it was more than worth it. 

However to only have $30k in loans, I had to go to community college for two years, and have my parents assistance in paying some of my tuition. $30k is after all of that. The system is messed up. Period. The tuition is just too damn high. The loans are not the problem. They are a symptom of a much bigger and complicated issue. 




  So, if I understand the habits of you people correctly

Excuse me?

It's interesting how the Post dissects one of the dozens of times Gruber said about masking the cost of Obamacare in order to get it passed. This article from the post would make sense - if that was the only quote we have a Gruber. And let us not forget our President himself who promised we could keep our doctors, which he knew to be a flat-out lie.

If this was a little bill, it probably wouldn't matter. But this was the biggest piece of legislature in the past 2-3 decades (maybe more), so you can't just throw your hands up in the air and say, "Oh haha that's how they do it in politics!".

 I'd like to see Republicans say that when defending Bush's invasion of Iraq, and see how liberals take it. "haha yea we lied about WMDs. You know, people are stupid. If we told them the truth, we would have never been able to invade Iraq! HAHAHA"

Yea, I'm sure you'd think that's totally legit.

And my initial comment was a joke. But it's also poking at liberals who are quoting an Republican Senator in a Liberal state who is now claiming the court cases are built on lies - that's a story here. But building the entire premise of Obamacare on lies? That's not a story. That's my point. They are connected in a way. And it's kind of worthless to be quoting a Republican is who likely just trying to appeal to her Democratic constituents in her state. 




 I don't think you understand supply and demand. If every single person has a diploma - then the value of the diploma (from the recruiter's perspective) is exactly zero. Everyone has one. If only 30% of people have one, then finding a candidate with a diploma is more difficult. The diploma now has value. The person with the diploma now has an easier time finding a job (compared to those without diplomas).

Growing up I used to always hear the stats on how someone with a diploma vs someone without, will end up making $1,000,000 more over 25 years (or something like that). Those stats are not valid anymore, as even those with diplomas cannot get jobs - or take jobs they probably could have gotten without a diploma.  




   I'd also say the job market is partially to blame for demanding college degrees for jobs that don't need it.

You have the cause and effect backwards. Since so many people have degrees (the supply is high), they can demand degrees. I mean, why would you take an employee without a degree when an employee with a degree is so damn easy to find?

 I don't think the government is subsidizing it though, they actually turn a profit on student loans last time I checked. Students are getting shackled with loans many of which are at 8% interest.

Two things wrong with these statements:

* 8% interest is private loans that has nothing to do with government loans
* Any profit the government makes is solely due to graduate degrees (doctors, lawyers, MBAs). If we look at undergraduate only, the government absolutely does not make a profit.

A good quote from a Forbes article [here](http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffreydorfman/2014/04/19/student-loan-profits-show-government-should-get-out-of-student-loan-business/)

 Are student loans different in a sense that we should allow borrowers to place themselves under debt burdens they cannot carry? I dont think so. If some students cannot borrow money for college because they will likely be unable to repay their debts, the student is probably better off without the loan. If such a system means some students are encouraged to study a subject expected to produce earnings upon graduation rather than a subject which is not, society will not only survive but likely benefit. 




 This was poke at Gruber - who although wasn't a Senator, has been recorded openly that Obamacare was sold on a complete lie. I said 'Senator' because I thought it was clever to almost match the title of the post. 

One of the greatest overhaul's and changes to American economic/political/medical policy - with a trillion dollar + consequence - was sold on lies. That somehow, is of no consequence to liberal on /r/politics or /r/liberal, or liberals in general. 




  You made a great point in your first sentence! But. . . I think you also refuted yourself :s
 Yes, just like Germany, a smaller country with less resources and people yet accomplishing more than the USA. Yes. With a higher barrier for entry to get into college, yes! That way you're not subsidizing 1,000,000 sociology degrees and yes, not everyone gets to go to college.

Yea sorry if I wasn't clear, but I'm saying Germany *could be a good model*. But Germany's model is **not what Bernie is proposing** - that's the problem.  




 "Former Democrat Senator Admits Obamacare Was Built on Lies" 




  Nearly all of what you listed are post-education issues, but here goes.

Yea that's what we are talking about here when Bernie says he wants to make tuition free. So yes, post-education is what we are talking about.

 Education is first and foremost designed to teach you how to think

12 years of formal education can't do this? The idea that somehow we need to spend 4 years to 'learn how to think' is absolutely appalling. Not to mention the free resources available to students today can easily replace much (not all) of the material covered in college. The 4 year college experience should not be required to be considered an educated person. If that's your goal - do it in two years at the most. You simply don't need 4.

 The argument that there are too many diplomas obscures the issue that for many in the job market the diploma is a necessity--this is a problem with the job market and not with the number if diplomas.

The more diplomas, the less valuable each diploma is. Period. It's quite simple. 

Your comments about researchers is bothersome. So you think it is OK for us to be taking money from a 19 year old, with no job, with no income, and use their debt to increase the reputation/esteem/prestige of the college? Shouldn't that money only be going to enhance their education? Wtf is that about? Young students are paying for public universities to have high tech research - which in turn does nothing to help them have a better education.

Saying that the entire problem lies with the fact that taxpayers don't provide free tuition - it's not only short sighted- it's just plain stupid. 




  Nearly all of what you listed are post-education issues, but here goes.

Yea that's what we are talking about here when Bernie says he wants to make tuition free. So yes, post-education is what we are talking about.

 Education is first and foremost designed to teach you how to think

12 years of formal education can't do this? The idea that somehow we need to spend 4 years to 'learn how to think' is absolutely appalling. Not to mention the free resources available to students today can easily replace much (not all) of the material covered in college. The 4 year college experience should not be required to be considered an educated person. If that's your goal - do it in two years at the most. You simply don't need 4.

 The argument that there are too many diplomas obscures the issue that for many in the job market the diploma is a necessity--this is a problem with the job market and not with the number if diplomas.

The more diplomas, the less valuable each diploma is. Period. It's quite simple. 

Your comments about researchers is bothersome. So you think it is OK for us to be taking money from a 19 year old, with no job, with no income, and use their debt to increase the reputation/esteem/prestige of the college? Shouldn't that money only be going to enhance their education? Wtf is that about? Young students are paying for public universities to have high tech research - which in turn does nothing to help them have a better education.

Saying that the entire problem lies with the fact that taxpayers don't provide free tuition - it's not only short sighted- it's just plain stupid. 




  how are the current government conservative policies not "short-sighted."

Didn't say the aren't short-sighted. It is possible to criticize a liberal idea, while at the same time not agreeing with some Republicans and their policies. 

I would do the following:

* Freeze all tuition for public schools
* Limit the amount of money public schools can spend on research
* Force schools to take a larger percentage of the burden buy forcing them to use more of their endowments to make tuition cheaper for students
* Encourage/discourage certain degrees by offering a set amount of grants/loans for certain majors. For example, provide full grants for 1,000,000 engineering majors a year, but only 50,000 to sociology majors. 
* Offer more incentives/funding to non-4 year institutions that provide training

Just some things to do. We need to completely turn around the entire 'college experience'. It's a drain on our economy, it's a drain on parents and on students. And for what? So that they 'can learn how to think'? What nonsense is that? We need to spend $100,000 to 'learn how to think'? And then 'learn how to live in your parents basement', and then 'learn how to collect unemployment'? We are doing a disservice to our children and setting them up to fail. 




  What I'm saying is that the rate of transactions today is not good for the end users of these mechanisms, but it is grand for the middlemen who get to claim their piece every time money moves around

Really? You can go read study after study on how HFT and derivative trading greatly reduces volatility in the market - because it is those traders that absorb the volatility. 

 Reducing the pace of capital transactions is not at all the same thing as contracting the economy, and it may be an excellent way to grow the economy.

Honestly I'm just going to stop here because you skipped ECON 101 




 You're backtracking and sidestepping all the bullshit you wrote earlier.. but OK. The fact is, about 80% or more of the middle class *already* relies on pensions or 401Ks. Period. Bernie himself has said that he wants to contract the economy. His goal is to actually *fuck up the economy*. I seriously hope this guy doesn't get elected. 




  The straw man is the argument

Haha /u/Demonweed calling out a strawman argument. Irony. 




 I would eliminate the word 'reality' from your vocabulary, because you clearly don't understand what it is.

 "Greatly effect" is clearly a lie

In 2009, the number of Americans who had a pension or 401k was around 40%. Now considering anyone below the age of 18 would never have a pension/401k, that means the majority of the **middle class** has some form of pension or 401k.

  but those who do are harmed insignificantly by the change (save for the middlemen who rake in commissions by uselessly churning other people's money.)

You pulled that out of your ass. What reality do you live in? The funds that are behind pensions and 401ks will get hit by the cost, and will increase their commission rates, or simply lower their return. It's not just HFT that will get hurt - we all will.

Not to mention that even more liberal countries like England refuse to have such a law, as they know companies will just move to France or Germany. The net result would be less revenue - which defeats the entire purpose of the law. 

And for some simple math - if you have a $1 billion fund - lets say you make $300 million in trades a month - that is $3.6 billion in trades. .5% of $3.6 billion is $18 million. That's a 1.8% overall tax on the entire fun. That tax is now taken out of the return to the customer. What you are left is with a significant decrease to the rate of return for pensions and 401k. 

Bernie's proposal is not new or revolutionary. It's been discussed before [here is a short article](http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/05/08/the-financial-transactions-tax-will-just-kill-the-banking-economy/) 




 /u/Demonweed you are an ignorant s###. Seriously. Why don't you go read up on the "Robin Hood" tax, and how it will tax and greatly effect anyone with a 401k or a pension- **also called the entire middle class**. You are making ridiculously stupid assumptions that are completely false, and then telling others their ideas/arguments are not in reality.

tl;dr: /u/Demonweed is an ignorant s***. The "Robin Hood" tax will tax the middle class, along with the wealthy. No trickle down bullshit here.  




 Root causes/problems: 

* rising tuition costs - not actually the cost of education, but the rising dollar amount that institutions charge to students. This is the biggest problem. We wouldn't care about student debt if tuition was $2,500 a year. 
* Increased number of diplomas given out, diminishes the value of the diplomas
* Poor economy and job placement after college.
* Too many students getting majors that cost too much, and have no hope of paying back the loans.
* Not enough students going to trade schools or other fields that do not require a 4 year degree.
* Governments continuing to allow public schools to raise tuition 
* Institutions using students' money, and taxpayer money to make lavish campuses - but not to better the actual education.
* Institutions using students' money, and taxpayer money to increase their reputation by hiring elite researchers (at no benefit to undergraduates)
* The *culture* pushed by k-12 that everyone should go to college- if they don't, they are somehow a failure.

The problem is the *cost*, and the *job placement* after college. I think we would all be OK with $30,000 of debt, if we all had jobs that paid $75,000 out of college.

The fact that students are struggling with debt is the symptom of a lot of other issues (that I mentioned). Bernie's solution does nothing but eliminate debt - which is nice - but doesn't fix the root problems - and in fact would likely exacerbate many of them. 
























