 I'm a contractor. I can lie about being sick anytime and not get paid for it.  




 And a butt!  




 Your mom doesn't call because she knows you touch yourself.  




 Excellent!  I have 37 new bond ideas the Austin taxpayer will happily pay for before they have any idea what it actually does.  




 It started with his love of bracelets.  Then he built a career around it.  




 I think you've had enough carbs for today. Don't you?  




 At Walgreens I found Phillips Colon Health with a 1.5 billion cell blend of L Gasseri KS-13, bifodobacterium bifidum G9-1 and bifodobacterium longum  MM-2. 

Does that sound sufficient?  




 Wow.  You'd better have a little talk with your manager and find out where all that electricity comes from that you plug your little computer into.  (Lots of it is coal.)  Also, that chair you're sitting in isn't manufactured by wind energy.  Those lights above you?  I have some bad news about the manufacturing process.

You want the technology but don't want to think about where all the energy required to produce it originates from.  But sometimes symbolism is WAY better than actual substance. 




 What dollar amount would that require of me for an upfront investment to become partially liberated from the grid? 




 Perhaps you have vested interests in the technology industry. 

Is that why they'd have to pay your trinkets made off the back of the planet from your cold dead hands?  




 Damn! That was awesome!  




 http://i251.photobucket.com/albums/gg302/Natalya_suicide/gifsss/dutchridergif.gif 




 If the kid is retarded enough not to actually spell out the entire name of the game, he deserved it. 




 Nope. Because I wouldn't be preaching that a byproduct is what makes an industry evil as you might say. Do you feel guilty for having a phone?  




 People used to make a great living and entertain themselves without any of the stuff you mentioned. Actually, some still do. You just choose to use modern technologies for your own comfort it sounds to me. You choose not to do without.


I'd be willing to bet that you're even involved in an industry that not only utilizes said carbon unfriendly ends but that perpetuates the usage of them. Basically, it seems you're willing to use up the earth's resources for your own devices but at a slightly slower rate.


So sad. So hypocritical. 




 Man.  People used to exist just fine without computers.  Apparently you crave modern convenience without all the consequences. 

Don't tell me you have a phone too...  




 Yeah, but do realize how much petroleum those individual commuter parts take to manufacture? I would just give up your computer.  




 Never has the thought, "Need help?  Find a mosque!" ever crossed my mind.  




 Ooooooh man, computer huh? 

http://www.lowtechmagazine.com/2009/06/embodied-energy-of-digital-technology.html 




 Sure! As long as you don't actually make use of any of those terrible petroleum byproducts in your daily life.  




 I just assumed you walk everywhere. What's more important? Saving the Earth or saving yourself some struggle by using petroleum based transportation? 

That way you can still preach to those that do and be in the clear.  




 How do you get around?  




 Gosh! You're saying that not everyone has done that yet?  Evil evil.  




 Maybe that's because right now it doesn't pay for itself.  




 Yeah. Groups of people are just inherently evil because of their position on the planet!  




 I look forward to seeing your 20 new news channels dedicated to all of the world's iniquities.  




 /s

I was being facetious in my comment.  




 Well good. Hopefully you're not so hypocritical as to ride in or drive a car at any time or wear or use items made with petroleum byproducts.  




 Oh no. I do. I also don't admonish people for doing the same.  




 Which has had more world impact?   Prrrrrrrobably Syria.  By about a mile or so.  




 Solar powered jets!  




 Number 13 will make you shit your toilet / Jew hiding place.  




 Apparently not enough for capitalists to smell money in them yet and hence the non payoff.  




 Bigger ongoing stories. Pretty simple really.  




 I guess we should dedicate an entire channel to wronged people in third world shit holes. It would probably require 10 channels going  24 hours a day.  




 If you're not against being surveiled you're for it. I assume you are standing on a street corner with a protest sign every day.  




 Eh, it happens hundreds of times every single day in those countries.    The US would only be condemning acts if that were true.  




 "We" is right. I assume you support your local oil fracker or have come up with a sustainable alternative energy.  




 Finger right on the pulse.  




 "Ships from Japan in 28-51 days??"  




 He still makes him touch him inappropriately.  




 My computer only loaded half the image.  
































































 As a conservative, I have gained a greater awareness of the problem of crony capitalism and money in politics as pertains to both parties as well as corporations and unions, etc. 






































































































































 At the beginning of this month I re-signed a new, 10-month lease with my apartment complex.  I had been having my lease paid with an auto-deduct from my bank account previously and had been out of town from 6/27-7/7 while another apt resident came by to walk and take care of my dog every day.  Today I was gone all day and left my door unlocked since I'd misplaced my key in my luggage.  When I got home the door was locked and I had to pay a locksmith $150.  There was a notice to vacate for non-payment of rent, utilities, etc. charging me with unpaid rent plus $160 in late fees.  I guess that by re-signing the auto-deduct was not in effect but I didn't know that.  The dog walker said there were no notices from the apt complex on the door while I was gone and I did not receive any phone calls from them about my missing rent.  I even went into the office to temporarily borrow a mail key and a guy working there said nothing to me about anything.  I have not discussed anything with the apt complex yet and have never been late on rent before.  The notice dated today 7/9 states that I have to be out on 7/12.  PLEASE HELP! 
































































































































































































































 Holy shit that's disturbing.  




 Voiced by Stephen Colbert.  




 But can I do it in 5 days?  




 Fuck cords. Bluetooth is where it's at.  




 What's even more disgusting is that you know that the lender shaved his pubes with it too and now they're pube buddies.  









 Actually 13 grams of fiber plus 6 grams of Erythritol (what I assume is a sugar alcohol) So 25-19=6 grams of carbs per bar. 1 being sugar.  



















 Thanks! 10 years experience running quality title and now I'm going to have to look outside of the industry I love until things start moving again.  




 I add 2 Tbsp of hazelnut fiber creamer.

http://www.amazon.com/CVS-Non-Dairy-Coffee-Creamer-Hazelnut/dp/B00QF4EHWW 




 Texas: I know lots of people who have gotten the axe from different projects lately.  




 Octopus be all like

http://i.imgur.com/3Wo4Nd1.gif 




 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 We like to gaze into the window of your soul and see all of the disappointment of your childhood that will someday come to bear on us. It's like reading the future.  




 4:07. 




 http://i.imgur.com/0bkyUix.gif 




 I didn't know there was an epidemic of people getting killed because someone was holding a phone to their ear.  




 It's normally kept underground in a hermetically sealed vault until the time after the apocalypse when the chosen shall be guided to it so they can discover its secrets and repopulate and rule the Earth and bring tyranny to weak men.  




 I thought it was during the exorcism of Jonah Hill.  




 Yes, everybody has heard those things.  




 That is all, Dicknoses.  




 That's why we have some in reserves. It's like what welfare was originally intended for.  




 I tried to book Hotmail for a bachelorette party.  



















 Getting real tired of Piggy's bullshit, I am.  




 Get it? French mime? Je-sius, people.  




 Oppenmeimer.  




 Quest bars have 25 grams of carbs per bar.  




 Nice to know there are still people out there that are as enlightened and pure as the driven snow as you are.  




 I think it's a great idea! I'd meet up with you!  




 Please write a book for the rest of us who have no idea what we're doing in life! Take it as far as you can!  




 And I'm not saying I'm not either and I'll bet you have a little racism in you too. The woman who attacked him was a filthy animal not because of her race but because of her actions.  




 No. He thinks that the woman who viciously attacked him on the street was sub-human scum. And she is!  




 Where? Are they hiring?  




 Horrific! I'm going to ask my doctor for that pill tomorrow.  




 Any particular reason? Are sugar alcohols bad? Regular protein bars taste like crap. 




 Are [these](http://www.atkins.com/products) acceptable to eat as treats when I get sugar cravings and am cutting while still working out?  It seems like they provide lots of protein while only having net 3 grams or so of carbs.  Has anyone had any experience with these or sworn off them for any reason?  Would you highly recommend against them? 



















 So he has to estimate his own earnings?  That sucks.  




 One that has enough money to be able to pay a kid to lick her clit. A young one doesn't have either the disposable income or willingness to pay someone.  




 Mmmm...  That 95 year-old clit.  




 I've heard lots of arguments, pro and con, and it seems like people sometimes advocate this out of spite that someone else got their money unjustly. I want to know the actual hows and whys of putting actual money in my pocket enabling me, as a middle class person, to get richer.  




 Huh, interesting. I'm not sure that the mirror image thing is necessary but the heads up thing is cool. I've learned to listen to TV more than watch. You just have to have a familiarity with the general settings and characters.  




 They're dumb and they make bad life decisions. Source: was one.  




 Per time honored tradition: no one gives a fuck about your opinion of Texas. Or mine.  




 He should've had two drinks.  




 Sell me one of your melons!  




 I watch (well, listen to) Netflix in my car as I'm driving so suck it cops!  Come and get me!  




 Then I guess you chose "leave it".  




 And then you just sit there in your own filth wiping your diseased, sticky hands all over the seat for the next person to discover the choco-doodoo apocalypse you created for their date slacks?  OK.  




 Gold. I can't get enough gold.  




 It was a reaction to the shitshow aftermath of Haight Ashbury.  




 I think you might have missed the fan in the pic. Understandable.  




 Life experience is a bitch.  




 Yeah. Never had an issue with sensitivity here as an uncircumcised man.  




 It's also uncomfortable for me to have an exposed scab I picked off rubbing against clothing.  




 Huh. Dear diary, today I learnt...  




 I don't have to use lube unless I want to and it feels awesome! Having to go wet everytime would suck.  




 So no masturbating with a soft cloth?  Fuck that.  




 How do you know it's enhanced if you've never experienced being circumcised?  You're just going off someone else's word. Also, my circumcised dick doesn't get cold so that's not an issue.  




 We have a QA tester here.  




 Her tits are starting into my soul.  




 Well, I can 100% say that I just read the most fucked story I will read this millenia. 

I came here because I saw a beautiful boat and stayed for the mind rape.  




 Give it 2 years.  




 Everyone I know on different projects is looking. It's 1986 all over again. Muricans are about to find out how much of their fake- ass $18 trillion economy was propped up by fracking.  




 I hope so.  Hope they're suffering as much as I am. 




 I think I just stepped up my... arts and culture... game.

http://www.gifwave.com/media/762427/art-3d-tech-body-sculpture-interactive-demo-hd-nude-oculus-rift-vr-virtual-reality-high-resolution.gif 




 Why April Fool's Day? 




 What do you do with it? 









 Reminds me of how Brits passive aggressively speak up about someone cutting in the queue in front of them.  




 You... You can just do that?  




 Are you English?  




 For what it's worth, I don't think you deserved to be on the worst dressed list.  




 You know you can block that shit.

If you really want to...  




 The only way I can do them now!  









 I have no problem with bench because it involves pushing straight out without bending at the wrist. Bent wrist push-ups are another story.  




 Exactly. No more bending at the wrist and applying pressure but you can push out straight like a bench press easily. Guess that would mean handstands on your fists?  




 I was really excited until I remembered that I have the same thing. Can barely do a real pushup anymore...  









 Skinny pajama jeans.  




 Yes!  We just ask that you wash it and keep abreast of any foul smells.  




 Was hoping this was a picture of Harrison Ford riding a bicycle.  




 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 This conversation was private!!

 Sorry... about privates.  




 HA! Gotta have priorities!  




 LOL!  I have to put a lotion on my balls that turns into a powder so they won't stick to my leg during the summer. No wonder we hide our parts.  




 LOL! Sub $90! #Just1986Things  




 Ayyyy  me too! But they're still fucking weird.  




 Then you are one of the lucky ones.  




 When you get home squat over a mirror and tell me what alien life form you keep in that crotch.  




 He wants to remind you not to let your butthole run cold and that he's here to help warm it up.  




 Not so goofy now, are they?  




 Here's a secret you can tell your gal pals: They're never flaccid until they hit the air.  




 Obviously jacking off on the back of the unsuspecting guy in front of him!  




 Obama did what on Reddit?  




 M'usty  




 Seems like the Dems didn't have much motivating them to get off their ass and support their Congress person. A ton of non-votes to gridlock Obamas policies. 




 Seems like the Dems didn't have much motivating them to get off their ass and support their Congress person. A ton of non-votes to gridlock Obamas policies. 




 Oh hai, Satan!  




 2010 and 2014 never happened! 2010 and 2014 never happened!  




 2010 and 2014 never happened! 2010 and 2014 never happened!  




 Well, at least now you have a gym nickname!  




 I once shit myself in school because I went so hard in my reading circle!  




 Gorilla warfare!  




 Compromise these days is when Republicans agree to do things the Democrat way. Never mind the 2010 and 2014 elections when Democrats were wasted in landslides across the nation in every kind of office.  




 RIP in peace 2010 and 2014. 




 I would say because most people don't watch Sesame Street.  




 People on a channel you don't like can't be funny! 




 Why? They're awesome.  




 What makes that particular user base so special?  




 Selma.  




 Then this 40 year-old 12 year-old will take one please.  




 We in the US have A George Lopez we'd like to get disappeared.  

















































 You're right  People who eat meat are worse than Satan.  What right to they have to eat something besides rice and beans and the McDonalds dollar menu?  Scum. 




 Why are they all lying and out to get you???

I want to help so came up with a resource that will help you in the future.  Bon apetit!  http://www.theinspiredbudget.com/index.php/the-cost-of-beans-and-rice-for-one/ 




 Yeah, you're right.  Everybody is lying to you about food prices.  I mean, there's no way you could possibly check it for yourself, right?   I mean, there's a dollar value menu, right? *cough dunce* 

Let them eat rice and beans!  (Price of rice and beans may vary depending on the strength of the dollar.) 




 http://www.cnbc.com/id/101588110

http://www.wsj.com/articles/as-food-prices-rise-fed-keeps-a-wary-eye-1404672384

http://thefederalist.com/2014/07/08/food-prices-are-soaring-and-washington-doesnt-care/

It's called inflation and it's what happens when your money becomes worth much less.  




 Then why are food prices skyrocketing?  




 Well, it helps that she's too stupid to have a filter. I'll bet the DNC is PISSED for giving away the game!  


































 Maybe Jesus will come back before anyone asks us to pay our $18 trillion debt!  




 Kind of like the $18 trillion  debt we're leaving for our grandchildren to pay for.  




 Onto the thin ice! 

http://m.imdb.com/title/tt1345836/ 









 How do they run minorities out of town?  




 Marshawn Lynch would shit a rainbow!  




 "Aww, darling, death is just an eternal dirt nap! 









 http://i.imgur.com/LV0X7iT.jpg 




 The Constitution applies to citizens of the U. S. 

Don't bother showing that you're a citizen.  




 I've gotta tell ya, I think LOTS of people are interested in whether or not Bill Clinton is fucking underage girls on Orgy Island. If you don't think so you're lying to yourself.  









 How come no other Democrats are being asked to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats being asked to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats are having to comment about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 How come no other Democrats are commenting about Bill Clinton allegedly fucking underage prostitutes and taking private jet plane rides out to their pimp's private orgy island?  




 That's why I have to get blood drawn when the script runs out. This pill is taken once bi-weekly and then once weekly on the second script.  




 Yes, well that's beside the point. He was caught on tape saying vile shit. Personally, I like him as  an actor and don't assume Hollywood people are nice just because of the characters they play. 

People only know Chris Brown beat Rihanna because they saw the pics.  




 For me, and like 50% or something crazy, of the adult male population, I had a vitamin D deficiency. I spent lots of time outside too. Tell your doctor that you want to get blood tests done for vitamin d. It's easy. Our go straight to an endo. 

By my next appointment I was in normal levels. I have to get blood drawn after my script runs out because it can become toxic. Always been fine for me though.  




 Newsflash: Anything that contradicts you and your subreddit's cult-like opinions on the subject of global warming are going to be rejected. 

That is called breathing your own fumes, or, as I like to call it greenhousing yourself. 

The mods on this subreddit couldn't paint themselves in a more cartoonish way if they were trying to parody themselves.  




 Racism, sexism, etc.  




 I toured that prison back in 2002. Was it the San Pedro prison in downtown Rio? Read the book "Marching Powder" for more info.  




 My endocrinologist prescribed me 50,000 ius of Vitamin D to take weekly and now my levels are in the normal range.  




 HA! That's great! Apparently the ONLY articles that are acceptable about global warming on this about are the ones that fall into lockstep with your Nazi-like beliefs on the subject and all other views are to be shouted down. Tell me, are Republicans not going to investigate the what they believe are the fudging of the numbers from NASA? If not show me where that is proven false. Whether or not NASA has done so or not is beside the point. The Republicans ARE in fact going to investigate those claims. And this sure as Hell relates to global warming. 

So fuck off and ban me if you can't rationally deal with opposing points of view.  




 I guess you're new here. Here's how Reddit works. Sometimes people post articles written by other people. It's fairly simple really. Glad I could help.  




 Oh, so we have to have PhD's do post articles here now? Surely replies require a PhD also. Where is yours?  




 $18 Trillion in debt. Wasn't it around $10 trillion when he came into office?  And the Fed just keeps printing money to funnel into Wall Street. 

3 cheers for big money govt cronyism!  




 $18 Trillion in debt. Wasn't it around $10 trillion when he came into office?  And the Fed just keeps printing money to funnel into Wall Street. 

3 cheers for big money govt cronyism!  




 Wow! She fucked around on him to death! That's something!  




 AH, the not-so-rare horse shitter!  




 Y'all gonna look at my pussy or order a beer?

Beer me.  




 CATS. IN. SPAAAAAACE! 

https://media.giphy.com/media/w3J7mstYCISqs/giphy.gif 




 Sitting on his balls all day must have turned them to steel.  














 You're talking about fisting, right?  




 So uh... the lady stepped into the road.  




 Specist.  




 So I interviewed for a sales job I really want and they wanted me to go meet with four of their sales people. I thought the interview went great. After meeting with them they all had high praise for the company making me want to work there all the more. The sales people I talked to said that I needed to keep following up and that the mgrs I interviewed with would assume that anyone that didn't follow up didn't really want the job. I mailed two hand-written thank you notes two days after the interview and sent email follow-ups after each two sales people I met with. The problem is that I have since left several voicemails with no return and when I did get ahold of one of them he said he was on his way to a meeting and would call me back. (He didn't). 

Am I wrong or is this a total dick move on their part? I don't have a month to waste professing my love and chasing this company.  









 Can you tell me which bars you are talking about?

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Quest+bars+fiber 









 You do if you're at the sink.  




 Only 6 grams of fiber though.  




 I'm on a low carb diet.  




 Let's not being your ex into this.  




 I liked it better when the movie was called "The Secretary".  




 Billionaires.  




 Ah, an empanada! Why didn't you say so?  




 That's not a dick. It's a mothefuckring drawbridge.  




 How dare you judge FloridaMan!  




 We all do.  




 Admit it. You know you'd think this was HI-larious if someone with an R by their name had said the same thing.  









 So... back to "blame Bush"? 




 By the historic landslides in 2010 and 2014? 




 Remember when Sarah Palin "saying"  that she could see Russia from her house was a huge item on Reddit?  




 (Liberal) Politician says something dumb. "Unfit for r/politics/"  



















 Mmm. Where do scientists get their funding? Are they more likely to get funding for their research if they pursue one theory over another? As a scientific researcher I can tell you that yes, this is very much a large part of the dirty truth.  




 Relevant meat shank username.  




 Vengeance! Death By Chocolate!  














 Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -


TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ 




 Proclaiming your self-righteous down vote? DEAL BREAKER!  
























 Race fatigue.  




 Lookit yo game girl... 

The sad, sad game
Mad game
Just to say loves' not enough
If it can't be true
Oh, you can tell those lies baby but you're only fooling you 














 http://www.climatedepot.com/2013/01/10/meteorologist-anthony-watts-on-adjusted-us-temperature-data-in-the-business-and-trading-world-people-go-to-jail-for-such-manipulations-of-data/ 














 If there isn't a robot heaven then where would all the Calculons go? 

FTFY  




 Shamalanian Twist: You're a dude.  




 Yeah, but dat retard strength.  




  Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Beetlejuice!  




 A month ago you made a life changing decision.  




 Nigga, I ain't readin' all that! 

https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif 




 Holy shit, he's awesome!  




 Fascinating!  




 I'm just fuckin' with ya, Ted! 




 Then I retract my statement based on this new knowledge.  




 Nice sound fx!  




 ... Quite productive?  




 It appears to be two separate lies from Williams. 

"the NBC anchor was nowhere near that aircraft or two other Chinooks flying in the formation that took fire." The report cited interviews with "crew members on the 159th Aviation Regiment's Chinook that was hit by two rockets and small arms fire." It said "Williams arrived in the area about an hour later on another helicopter after the other three had made an emergency landing."

http://www.stripes.com/news/us/brian-williams-apology-leaves-out-key-details-of-iraq-incident-1.327935 




 Brian Williams is just lucky he didn't end up in a million little pieces!  




 Pres candidate Jeb Bush and VP Mitt Romney. Coming to a voting both near you.  




 That's awesome! I thought they were just giving you shit.  




 Great username.  




 You can't get away with lies in the age of the Internet.  




 He'll have to address it but will do so in a way as to make it go away as soon as possible. 




 He was following the said shot at aircraft an hour later...  




 So, basically, we want more uninformed, less motivated people to vote. 

Instead, let's test them on their constitutional knowledge.  




 Sure. Sure. They just want to take over the entire middle east. If we let them have that then I'm sure they'll be more than satisfied and not plan any attacks in Europe or the US.  It's not like a 9/11 event could ever happen again. 

Peace in our time!  




 Yeah, organizations like ISIS are a thing of the past. Back to scratching your stupid cats!  




 You're truly an insulated, self-righteous kid with very little understanding or appreciation of how much others have sacrificed so you can scratch your cats.  




 You're lucky that there are no bad people out there that would put a damper on your cat scratching duties.  




 You should volunteer to go catch bullets.  







































 Its the arched position of the back when youre performing the back bridge that can be dangerous. This hyperextension of the back places significant compressive forces on your spine, which can in turn do damage to the discs in between your vertebrae. Over time, this stress from hyperextension can weaken your spine. 




 I can see where sending 3 top US govt officials to the Michael Brown funeral on the spur of the moment would have been impossible.  




 Remember when Sean Connery was a young man? Zardoz.  




 I can see where sending 3 top US govt officials to the Michael Brown funeral on the spur of the moment would have been impossible.  




 But the US president is so much more special than those other world leaders. We can't just be expected to make our security happen like those other third world hellholes that were in France.  




 None of those other world leaders have complex security to arrange. Just the US. 

Rich man's burden and all that.  




 I don't think this method has been tried on even 500,000 people yet.  




 Mmmm....  That's fine dining!  














 Relevant user name.  









 They're close. 

http://killingcancer.vice.com/ 




 I'm talking about the Iranian elections. I don't know wtf you're talking about.  




 If you're one of the lucky govt officials or foreigners that don't have to go to the regular understaffed terrible hospitals, yes.  




 WebMD Robot Dr always says it's lupus.  




 And your dead end sums up your view.  Obama is your hero and it would be impossible for him to do anything wrong.

Back to your regularly scheduled glass dick. 




 I wasn't in Libya during the Arab Spring but I read lots of biased news stories about it so I'm certain I got a full understanding of what people on the ground were saying.  




 In your first comment you said you were in Iran during the elections. 

Are you lying or do you lack the mental capacity to understand the context? 

I'm gonna go with both.  














 Ah, you were in Iran but have an intricate knowledge of how things went down here. 

OK. 

Sounds to me like you are just a sycophantic devotee.  




 You need to take the Obama glass dick out of your mouth, son and realize that there is a real reason why his response to Egypt was so different from his Iran response.  




 Caveat: YOU probably wouldn't be wondering why that happened the way it did but most rational, thinking people would. 

His ridiculously weak statement was basically nothing. 

Source: I was here.  




 You may wonder why he had to come out with a real statement sooo much later that the events happened. We saw how weak and fleeting his response was compared to other world leaders and had to demand that he finally come out with a strong statement of support. 

Too bad it took him until December to do so.  




 Uh, I hate to burst your Obama bubble but this statement was made December 28, 2009. 

The protests began on June 13, 2009.

http://m.whitehouse.gov/blog/2009/12/28/president-speaks-out-iran-violence

Maybe you should learn what a Google is.  




 Ah, voicing support for people is interfering. OK. He came out with this statement WAY late after there was an uproar from the American people regarding his stone cold silence on the matter.  




 How? How did he support it in principle? I remember watching Iranians hold up signs pleading for American support only to be met with stone cold silence from the admin.

Obama sure piped up when Egypt fell into revolution though!  




 Remember when the Iranians rioted and marched against their govt after their fraudulent elections and didn't get any support from the Obama admin?  




 Why didn't they shine lasers down the side of that thing and make that fucker light up?  




 I'm gonna throw this out there.  You REALLY like horses, right? 



















 Unfortunately evolution wasn't on the ballot. 




 No thanks.  




 How much water!?  Full or just some clinging to the sides?  




 God made the ingredients of PCP! PCP should be legal!!  




 What fine establishments are you frequenting?  




 They do take notes. Doesn't take long. Just a few key words.  




 Because teen angst and social proof.  




 http://youtu.be/pk-W_i7Z59I 




 Yeah, but you have to do stuff in Ohio...  




 Yeah, they're going to outlive you.  




 How do you know that's a fake dick?  




 Dead or in Ohio. I'm not sure which is worse.  




 How old are you?  




 Specist.  




 How's mom doing?  




 The way to handle it well would have been to immediately call the campus police.  




 Don't tell your kid about this. Even when she's older.  




 The hologram just comes out looking high as shit eating Cherry Garcia.  




 Well, now instead of Netflix paying more for what they profit from, the cost will be passed directly to the consumer while Netflix still profits.  









 Netflix only uses 33% of the total Internet bandwidth. Why should they have to pay more?  




 The FCC only has my best interests in mind. They just want to make sure muh Netflix stays fast.  




 Probably Chris Matthew's legs rubbing together when Obama comes in the room.  




 Station? 
Tea? 

Do you live in Antarctica?  




 Stop flushing paper towels.  




 Yeah, I got the same thing a while back. Very strange.  









 Oh Christ...  




 But I already got this tattoo...  




 So, no new applications either?  I'll just leave my resume with the receptionist.  




 Bush lied, people died!!!

And so did all these people... Ring a bell?

"One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." 
    President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998. 

"If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." 
    President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998. 

"Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." 
    Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998. 

"He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983." 
    Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998 

"[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." 
    Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998. 

"Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." 
    Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998. 

"Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." 
    Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999. 

"There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." 
    Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001. 

"We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." 
    Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002. 

"We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country." 
    Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002. 

"Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." 
    Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002. 

"We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seing and developing weapons of mass destruction." 
    Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002. 

"The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons..." 
    Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002. 

"I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security."
    Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002. 

"There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction." 
    Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002, 

"He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do." 
    Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002. 

"In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." 
    Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002 

"We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real ... 
    Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.  




 Thank you Mr. Nimoy, for getting that stupid dress off the front page.  









 They shifted blame and tried to bury the fact that no help was sent to our embassy even though they were informed of the  8 hour long firefight.  




 A YouTube video that 20 people saw just happened to coincide with an impromptu 8-hour rocket launcher attack on a US embassy where our Ambassador was left to get repeatedly raped in the street and burned alive? 

Big deal. 

Unless, of course, Bush had been president at the time.  




 So we're still saying that a YouTube video that 20 people saw just happened to coincide with an impromptu 8-hour rocket launcher attack on a US embassy where our Ambassador was left to get repeatedly raped in the street and burned alive? 

OK.  









 I'll never stop staring. It's my right!  




 For now they just document it and file it away under "Maybe".  









 And false too. Just wait until the FCC starts doling out permits based on specific types of speech like they do TV networks.  Nearly impossible to start a new news network but you could've still done it on the Internet, until today.  




 Nigga, I ain't got time for all that!  




 Look at the bottom, it's black n blue. Start at the top, it's white n gold. Fucked me up until I did that.  




 Yeah, just a bunch of politically motivated govt bureaucrats in the FCC. The same ones that decide what can be on your radios and TV.  




 Right. You actually have to suck on the clit. It will vary from woman to woman.  




 Amen!  




 Jesus, I have to suffer because you couldn't wrap it up?  




 These militant beast-feeders are the fucking worst.  




 That doesn't seem like it's helping your metabolism.  




 Wouldn't it make you retain a ton of water and look puffy?  




 I'm sure no self-righteous bureaucrat would ever ban porn on a public utility. And do many other things that disagree with their particular inclination. 

So you've got that going for you!  




 They regulate heroin and child rape too! 

Why can't I fuck my wife in front of your playground? What kind of bullshit is that?  




 I'll tell my kid to bide his time for the perfect sucker punch and then stand by him no matter what.  




 Well, womens womens woobs aren't regulated by the govt. So feel free to murder as many fetuses as you feel is necessary!  




 You're going to have to help me out with woobs here.  




 Don't worry! Your govt only wants the best for you! Now, if they could just find and arrest that Snowden character who put those thoughts in your head...  




 Such as what?  




 This isn't going to speed your Internet up if anything your speed will get slowed to even out with everyone else's speed. Boom! Equality!  




 Don't worry!  The Patriot Act will never be used to target citizens!  




 Give me freedom or give me Netflix!  




 Admit it. You gave away a free Internet for fast Netflix.  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Netflix was using 33% of the bandwidth of the entire Internet. Of course they didn't want to have to pay for all that.  




 You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you? 

You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right? 

And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.  




 You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you? 

You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right? 

And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  



















 Don't worry! We only want to use the Patriot Act to get them terrorists!  




 Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right? 

You traded your free Internet for Netflix to not have to pay for the 33% of bandwidth they are using.  




 Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right?  




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 




 Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better! 









 Control. It's always control. Fortunately he has a ton of brain-dead followers who don't want their Netflix disturbed even though that's exactly what will happen.  





























