 Frank Zappa.  
He should be in every music list, because genius.  
(I'll show myself out :-D ) 




 HAH! That is so much epic... My bedside alarm only has a cradle for an iPhone.  
 /me kicks my alarm clock  
I think I have found a new item to start prowling ebay for :-) 




 Agreed.. This.. So much this!
I learned about Gong fu style 'brewing' during my first business trip to China. Never would have otherwise found out that the second, and third infusions on most good teas are actually sweeter (and in my opinion superior) to the first infusion. If the idea of navigating around tea leaves while sipping doesnt appeal to you, a Gaiwan is a good choice as a brewing vessel for ease of use, and cleaning, and you can pour the tea off the leaves for each infusion. My favorite tea for Gong Fu service, is a good grade Long Jing tea (Dragonwell).. It really changes from infusion to infusion. Always enjoyable. 




 Wow.. I'm in the Napa Valley, and our local seller of any quality (Drink The Leaf) shut his doors last year.. I have a lb of vacuum packed Tung Ting, and Bi Lo Chun.. Really need to pick up a tray tho. Might have to roadtrip down to Richmond! 




 I have a couple 450nM blues I built a couple years ago. The highest power one is about 2,700mW. It will burn skin within a second, up to about 5 meters away. But, the dot is so bright,  it's painful to look at without attenuating  safety glasses. Not to mention that an inadvertent reflected beam strike to your eyes will deliver permanent damage before your blink reflex kicks in... be safe, take care of your eyes.. that said, I can 'feel' a 450nM laser on my skin (less than an inch away) @ about 65mW, but it takes a few seconds. A couple hundred mW will hurt within a second or so.. a couple thousand mW  will scar your skin from close range. 

You can touch a 7W night - light bulb after its been on for a while.. it's warm, but not uncomfortable to handle. A 25W  bulb is kinda hot to touch, but not bad. A 200W bulb will burn you, if you try to grab it. Same basic idea with laser powers.. 




 ...Yarn 




 I've seen a sign like this in a park in the Napa Valley, CA (Skyline Park)

I'm still scratching my head :-) 




 Those that can extrapolate from an incomplete statement,  




 Dude, I totally have that same fly swatter!  :-D

Excellent costume, very well executed, and a great story to boot. No half-measures taken!  Have a fun (and safe) Halloween.  




 Heh, Mine too.. Had it about 1.5 years. The Boil and 190F are completely rubbed off.. No issues with failures tho, and I use mine daily. Pricey for a boil kettle, but really nice to use. 




 A 6 ft long piece of rope walks into the bar, and sits down.. The bartender says "We don't serve ropes in here.."

Annoyed, the rope takes off, quietly complaining under his breath.

After a week, the rope tries to get into the same bar (hoping a different bartender will be on duty).. The rope sits down, and the bartender says (yet again) "Hey, I told you, we don't serve ropes in here.. Get out!"

Now,. the rope is really ticked off. He leaves, but is so angry as he stews over the bars no-rope policy, he begins to twist himself into coils and tangles. Needless to say, his 'hair' gets mussed up, and disheveled, and he's worked himself into a ball of twists, and coils.

He decides to give the bar one more try, now that he's a little more "incognito"

...The rope sits down at the bar, and the bartender turns to him and says "Hey.. Aren't you a rope?"

The rope replies: " No, I'm a frayed knot.." 
























 Just "finished" with HTO.. Heading in on Sat, Jan 31 to take my Tech, and Gen. tests.  
Very confident I'll be able to pass both with flying colors.  
  
Very happy with the service they offer, and have a *ton* of links bookmarked for future reference that I got during my study there.  
Another very satisfied customer.. 

  
When I start my study for Extra, I'll be back at HTO. Very good stuff there. 




 Wow, that looks like its seen some service, LOL..

According to the specs, it looks perfectly usable for a HT. And its right in the butter zone for 2M use. 

(downvote obliterating upvote from me :)  )

 




 or is it just me? 




 ..Because she's dead. 




 Wouldn't 3/14/15 9:26:53 be more appropriate? 




 I've spent time in both Dubai, and Trondheim, and I'll second that Trondheim is a very expensive city. A pint of Dahls Lager (you can see the brewery up on the hill from downtown Trondheim) runs $11-$14USD at the cheapest bars. The Taxi ride from the Airport to anywhere in the city was $135USD (~25KM travel, IIRC)

If you ever get out that way, check out La Familien.. Its a club downtown.. Got a great DJ :) 




 I've been shooting, and reloading for many years now. Unfortunately, my parents are not gun people.. In fact, for quite a while, they were anti-gunners.  For whatever reason, I really hooked into shooting. I have hunted, but my primary pursuit is the elusive tight group on a paper target. Its like golf, or trap shooting to me.. No matter how good you get, you can always do better. My "break in" info comes from the 80 year old goofball that took me under his belt, and walked me through reloading, shooting, and my appreciation of hoarding brass. Yes, I can clean a gun, with emphasis on long guns.. This 80YO goofball is my mentor, and he firmly believes that breaking in a barrel is important. This is what I had to go off of. I now understand that its not important. This .17 shot badass groups at 100 yds out of the box (I did clean it before shooting it, just to get the packing grease out of the barrel)  
.  
I'm a noob.. even tho I've been doing this for 20+ years. I'm only as good as the info I can get, hence; asking /r/guns if I'm talking out my ass when I ask if barrel break-in is something I should do.  
thank you all for your input..  

And, FWIW, My .223 shoots less than .7" at 100 Yds everyday. (40Gr Horn. V-max, with 23gr reloader 15)... :-)  




 Base model Savage 93R17.. Waiting on a Boyds custom stock (Varmint Thumbhole "Pepper" color) Tossed a cheapo BSA Sweet .17 scope on it.. Actually it dialed right in.  ~1.5" 5 shot groups at 100 yds. Not bad for a sub $300 rifle. 




 Cool. 

Thanks all for the info... I'm off to go sight this puppy in! 




 So, am I worried about doing the whole fire one, then clean, repeat 10X, then fire 3 then clean, etc.. - With such a small caliber, is there any benefit to doing this? With my .223, I even loaded up special "lapping bullets" with a light charge of reloader 15. (they were impregnated with varying coarseness of grit) Alas, this isnt an option for the .17  
Any input would be greatly appreciated. :-) 




 Leaded glass, and leaded stained glass refers to the lead H channel between the glass pieces that were lead soldered together to hold the work together. Lead boils off way before the melting point of glass, so the glass part of leaded glass does not, in fact, contain lead.  
Just a FYI :-)  
























 What happens when he gets to 88 miles per hour? 




 I thought everything on the internet had to be true? 




 Congrats!

I'm going to start studying for my extra shortly 

I hate the wait for the ticket to show up on the FCC ULS, Heh.. :-) 




 Heh, I heard someone on a net the other night with the suffix "HIV"  I would get a vanity in a heartbeat if I had something like that.   
  
  
What callsign did you get? 




 I guess our VEs mail the paperwork in? He said its usually 1 week. *shrug* 




 Just got home from taking my exam(s).. Passed Tech, and General today (only missed 1 question on each! )  
  
Now comes the longest wait.. Waiting for my ticket to show up on the FCC ULS, Heh..  




 So you're saying, there's a universe that I invented pants? 




 The LCD on that Anytone looks really similar to the Yaseu FT-8800R 




 But you remembered your smartphone / tablet / laptop?  
  
PRIORITIES MAN! In this galaxy, you should know where your towel is AT ALL TIMES!! ;-)  
  
 




 Think of how obscured your vision gets when you cross your eyes. Thats only a few degrees "out of whack" if the orb of the eye was removed (but remain attached) your brain would have a very difficult time indeed, making sense of the information coming from both eyes.  
Given enough time, (and keeping a constant angle between the eyes) your brain would eventually "figure out" how to put the disparate information together to re-form a whole binocular picture. People with extremely "Lazy" eyes typically have mostly normal vision, but need a couple weeks to "relearn" to see after corrective surgery.  




 I dont know about the tone sweeps, or echoing "sonar style" tones (Sounds like star trek original series SFX, actually) the pulsing static noise sounds a lot like interference from a cellphone reaching out to a tower.  

  
When you recorded this, were you charging a cellphone? Perhaps somewhere close to a cell dead zone? 
























 Heh..  
Still waiting for my ticket. 2 weeks now, but, eh.. It takes what it takes.  
I'm just a little worried tho, as I tested on Jan 31, and as of Feb 9, I received one of the VEs renewal paper license in the mail. (?!?) I contacted him, and mailed the paper off to him, but now i'm a little bit worried my stuff got lost somewhere..  
..   




 A commonly used device (Electrocautery)  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cauterization  
Is used by surgeons to excise tissue, and simultaneously cauterize the minor vessels feeding blood.  
It works by literally passing a high frequency, high voltage (of little amperage) causing an almost jacobs-ladder type arc.  
  
  
This can be a huge ignition source if any flammable gases or materials are present in the area.  
Weird, but true.    




 Theres also http://lcwo.net/ ("Learn CW Online" Koch method) to learn at..  
I just passed my Tech, and General last weekend (Still waiting to see it on the FCC ULS... F5, F5, F5, F5... Heh) But I'm super interested in learning code.  
FWIW, I would suggest going ahead, and testing for your ticket. Being able to transmit, and interact with fellow hams may keep your interest in learning code, and if not, well, you can still chat with people.. Win-win! 




 Well said sir.  
Treat them as QRM, and don't feed the trolls. 




 LOL.. Indeed.. I continuously learn tidbits in the comments.   
Oh, and i'm a sir..  
Well, either that or I had some kind of unfortunate accident involving my vagina, and internal explosives that I do not recall.  
 




 Uh, probably not.. We pretty much eat crap (at least in the international eye) as a business traveler, i regularly visit China, India, and Brazil.  

In India, roughly 50% of the population is vegetarian.. (Awesome, filling, satisfying meals made out of hung yogurt, or a ton of other curds can be found)  
  
  
China? Meat is pricy.. Theres a *ton* of (believe it or not) potato dishes, but also eggs, chicken, and mushrooms.  ("umami" proteins) that shade into making a meager meal feel satisfying. (they're masters at this)  




 ITO.. (Indium Tin Oxide)  
  
Transparent conductor..  

...Makes things like this possible..     

..The more you know!! :-) 




 Its amazing to me, how the latex of the balloon still slides away so quickly, even given the liquid water environment.   
.  
.  
Always loved high-speed balloon pops. Did it one year while I had my photography studio. During a local "art" crawl thing, I gave away 8X10s of anyone willing to pop a balloon in front of the camera. The shutter/strobe trigger was a fairly simple device I built, that used a piezoelectric 'speaker' as the sound input device.  Timing was established by figuring out how far away I had to place the sensor, heh.  




 Erm.. We are "Soldiers" 

Well, a well regulated militia. 

2nd amendment, and all..  




 My parrots are from Brazil originally. (Sun Conures) 

I wonder if they'd do better learning English, or Brazilian Portuguese?  




 Bereft of life, it rests in peace. 
























