 It will be my first witcher game and I am so exited 




 My ass is ready ........ Oooh wait  




 Sooo  is kirby boy or girl :) ? Any way 3ds version look good  




 No its not about your color its about your horse power :) if you are horny will ..... You know what will happen 




 Its late I know but happy birthday my friend . don't be sad we all here for you.  




 Its because of the characters and there skills and of course Nintendo touch . Awesome 




 That's why I love this game because of the characters and skills and Nintendo Touch . I am not big fan of dynasty warriors games. but this game will be a blast 




 Shit just got real....... I am so Hyped for this 




 Pure Awesomeness ....... Hype Train . Chou Chou  




 Hahahaha I really had a hard time reading your second part 




 Woow  so this is your speed painting........ I want to see your slow -take your time Painting. You are amazing  




 Let's hope it will be the sonic Savior game . I hate to see this franchise to be dead
And I am not big fan of sonic 




 Its not creepy its beautiful .......... 




 Thank you my love  




 Fish can poop ........    ..... Dear diary today I discover that fish can poop  




 You gotta love the comments here . its so funny I laugh do hard and one of my brothers is sleep . its beautiful I hope I see one of them here in Saudi Arabia but I think it will not happen 




 Its a good idea . thank you sir  
























 Thank you my friend I will check it out . thank you for the info 




 How can I get to Mario kart 8 ! I buy it yesterday and I have this feeling that I will not like it . I didn't play any Mario kart game ever this is my first one and I need help to like it .  




 6 a lot of player don't like it .
RE:Remake : they should make new RE with the Remake money.
RE:Revelation : I hate them for not make a Wii u or 3ds port 




 Will that creepy in a good way .......! 




 Oooh x men legend my favorite character was My Lovely STORM oooh and her super skill ( THUNDER STORM)  




 Glad to hear that . thank you  




 Thank you . I will :) 




 That's creepy :0 




 Ooh yes . thank you my friend I just finish ep 3 and understand the regeneration of the doctor and his past  




 Thank you for the information . I hope I like them all :) 




 I will . thank you :) I almost cry at episode 1 of season 2  




 Thank you . will the doctor cheat death and transform to another doctor maybe this is spoiler to someone  




 Pure Awesomeness ...... ! 




 Magician for life  




 F*ck you ubisoft we don't need you to survive   




  Number 413 . 3ds . animal crossing . pikmin 3 




 His eyes .... Deep sadness inside 
























 Wow . thank you so much man , for writing all this tips and information  , thanks  




 Thank you so much my friend for all this information , you are awesome  




 Thank you my friend  




 Now I am sad ... fallout was the best game for any explorer out there  




 Hi how are you guys? Wow this sub is awesome , when don't starve come to the ps4 I watch some gameplay and I love it but didn't buy it tell yesterday  . I am new to the game and now I am at day 22 or 23 , and my sanity is low and my health , I built my base near a friendly pig , I have the science machine , and 2 chests . so tell me how to{ SURVIVE } 




 Mechanic pussy ........ ! Wait woot?  




 Rise my child! Rise to realize your true potential! Unleash your power and awaken the Eyes of the World 




  I love the way she look at the camera 




 Someone will get back slash tonight .... 




 To explore the world .....! 




 I can't look away ...... I keep smiling  




 I am sad and I don't know why :(  




 I love you more now just for FF XII  that game made me in love with RPG games what ever other people say about it  




 And why is there an air (wind) on the moon !? :) 




 bowser is sad haha . please kill meeeee!  




 Now I really like it . maybe its hard at the beginning but now its great thank you  




 I pick up my copy 3 days ago and I didn't play online a lot I want to open all characters and stuff but if you want you can add me : train_subject1811 
























 Fabulous .... 




 Aaaah a hunter .. 




 Yes that's true my primary console is the ps4 and my secondary is the Wii u  




 What will i be like if i was Raised by frogs! 




 Its not creepy man, its sad  




 Aww 




 Wish I can be one of them , I always want to do this  




 I can't look away, wow man its beautiful .... My heart .. I want to learn this  




 Creepy as fuck .... Oooh nightmare material  




 Allons-y  




 Excuse mee princess 




 Link ... Is that you!?  




 Now I want to try this... 




 Hahaha priceless  




 Its OK I can kill her , I have a lot of humanity  




 Thank you man 




 Explore every corner of the world map  
























