 I'm here to make a Rio joke 




 I can't think of willem dafoe the same after seeing his dick and balls in Antichrist 




 As did I my friend 




 I immediately thought of Lapras 




 She's still Cordelia in my eyes  




 The capital letters spell POOT USA down the side. 









 Are you dumb, that's the point of this fake video 




 Chicle yum 




 Nice funnyjunk bookmarks my friend  




 His arm looks severely long and deformed from the shadow... 




 If I see this damn picture one more time, I'll call Zach Braff and make him unfollow me on twitter  




 Hey! Who turned out the lights? Hey! Who turned out the lights? 




 That fuckers face is so accepting, like that shit happens to him every week  




 Nice 10 year old repost  




 We also have them in Iowa, OP isn't special 




 Booker DeWitt is still my fave  




 Whenever I hear popped corn I think of Ned's Declassified 
*edit: which is incidentally also said by Lincoln  




 Nice stain 




 I can't go through this stress again, I just can't  




 I sense some Jonathan Coultan in my future  




 They actually did take South Park off. 




 Well, Matt Smith already shaved his hair and announced he's leaving the show by the end of the year. So after John Hurt has his season or two, Matt Smith will use his regeneration.  




 If I see this stupid gif one more time... 




 What's up, teefury friend  




 I'm confused, why is there a tardis? 




 She doesn't even know about it yet. 




 I LOVE TO FUCK I GOTTA FUCKIN PROLLEM 




 I've had at least 3 reddit stories in my local news. The Hitler teapot was on it today. 




 I'm intrigued... But how would this get back at the husband at all? He's just slowly I investing bones, nothing happens. 




 Excuse me OP, I've seen Homeward Bound 14 times, Chancw got hit by a porcupine and this didn't happen. We caught your little game, time to throw in the hat  




 Change temperature to match temperature outside, rake in the votes 




 You're never too old to do heroin this morning  




 The fact that he recently shaved his Doctor Who locks means Season 8 will be only about John Hurt 




 When I grow up I want to want to be rich. I don't want it now, but I hope soon I will. 




 Too bad he's still Sylar in my eyes 




 Last night's Game of Thrones made it apparent that bears aren't pussies 




 Probably the same one getting raped on Tosh.0 




 Teefury swag 




 I'm gonna need some sauce good sir 




 I AM LRRR, RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI EIGHT  




 Your name is too great, spacedong 




 I'm not  




 Did you do acid? 









 Did everyone come here to make a Khaleesi reference?! 




 David Luiz! 




 I have that same phobia, I used to have this nightmare where I would fall into an Egyptian tomb and little bugs would crawl into my skin and leave holes all over my body  




 Do you like spacesticks, in your mouth? 




 But seriously sauce 
 




 This was a torture type in Amnesia.  
























 Despereaux? 




 I seriously just went through this maybe 15 minutes ago, I get a snapchat from my buddy who I know the girl I'm crushing on likes, and he likes her. And the snapchat was just her face, meaning they were hanging out together. Identical reaction as the gif. 




 Your girlfriend is 12 congrats 




 It does seem they are trying to trick us into thinking Vogel is the good guy, but I think she's the true villain over all. She is so okay with the killers, and she was the one taking Zach home, Dexter had some sex, then Zach was dead, and it showed Vogel with the brain. I think she's a bad guy. 




 You should watch it. 




 I came here to make a Tangled reference. 




 If someone would make this into a iPhone 5 wallpaper I wil supply the snacks and karma 




 How come when a cat walkes over the orange cat, it acts like its totally cool, but when I touch its paws ONCE, it runs and hides for 3 hours? 




 Desmond, Juliet, and Jacob are missing. Why leave them out and put in Ilana on the left?  




 Ha Vincent looks silly  




 Did anyone else find it weird that they had sex? Like I couldn't forget that 




 She fucked her brother  




 I AM THE NIGHT 




 Jennifer Anniston has a 2 or so minute strip scene, plus a scene where she and Emma Roberts teaches the fake son of the family how to make out. Plot galore! 




 Except Relicanth  




 "Chaos reigns" 




 More like FunnyJunk instead of facebook 




 He's actually taking off his headphones, they just put the little sunglasses over his hands 




 Are you The Waitress? 




 Lets stop and think, Ass Fuck 25 is the TWENTY FIFTH Ass Fuck in the series. The series is *so good* they made 24 additional movies after the first Ass Fuck. I have made it my duty to find and view the original Ass Fuck, and then hunt for the encyclopedia of Ass Fucks for the remainder of my lifetime. 




 That stair glitch 




 Baby cloud  




 That's a freaky movie, Fire in the Sky. 




 I love Maisie Williams 




 \3 Charlie I miss you  




 They sure dress up nice 




 Immediately thought of Grandma's Boy  




 Disney channel 




 OP's Michelle, she just met some kid and put it on /r/pics for karma 




 Is that Micky? 




 Appa! 




 You just stole this from Sunday's episode of Dexter. 




 Sansa looks pretty hawt here 




 Oh god the hotdog  




 Wait, all I needed to do for karma was screencap Garry's Mod? 




 That's my favorite season 4 episode, always has been 




 Why are you okay with letting Redditors oogle your mother? 




 My family walked into this exact restaurant. The waitress said we would be dining with another group of seven, at the same table. As we walked in we saw napkins and trash strewn about the restaurant. As a naturally anxious person, I was against sitting with people I didn't know, so we left. Easily the strangest place i never ate at. 




 We all know the library planet episode was freakier 




 How did OP take the picture  




 Pour a drink out for my niggas resting in peace  




 Where's the pizza 




 Imagine how many hours could have been saved in Skyrim 




 Yeah, I'm biking through small towns across Iowa 









 This guy looks like the beard version of Blake from Workaholics  




 Cooking Mama doesn't count 




 I didn't see you at the convention! 




 Came here to also relate to David Duchovny  




 They feel like sandbags 




 Anustart 
























 I hate when I have gifs saved and then they get front page, I was so close 




 Look, look with your Portal eyes! 




 Do cats normally puke the much? 




 The Portal cat 




 It's cool how the seat got more defined from you sitting on it 




 The big toe on the right foot isn't shaped right, you could try to make it look more three dimensional 




 Bad Company 2 will forever be my favorite 




 This was seriously on the front page maybe 4 days ago 




 I think I met her when I saw her naked 




 Chaos reigns  




 Fuck that shit 




 Where's Geatland? 




 That's Nathan Barnett. Once you know what he looks like you'll start seeing him as extras in a bunch of commercials. Also, his skittles commercials are fantastic, I would recommend a search. 




 cry

pick up cat

karma 




 Rango- Untangled 




 Ya heard, with Perd. I'm Perd Hapley. 




 Anyone wanna give me a link to that Patagonia coat? 




 I would love to go up to him as a Boondock Saints fan instead of the regular WD fan 




 I've never fully understood what that thing they hold and snap is. 




 He's getting used to sitting 




 One tiny blade of grass through my jailcell crack  




 Tell me why I just watched that whole video 




 Trailer louse 




 Is...is this a real person? 




 I can feel them on me!  




 Yo DJ High-Tek, where you at my niqqa 




 Deshi deshi basara basara  




 Draw JFK 




 This makes my heart hurt 




 I'm okay with this. 




 Oww ow ow ow ow owww 




 Caaaaaaaarl! that kills people! 




 You're not my fucking mother! 




 Me underwears 




 $55??? I got that poster for free for preordering it. 




 Then he ate his insides and said chaos reigns  




 I will write down your username and if she dies in the fourth season I will down vote every picture and every comment you ever make for eternity  




 Chaos.... Reigns 




 /r/glitch_in_the_matrix 




 I thought that was a polar bear exhibit or something  




 That's so long it took Goku a year to run from one side to the other  




 John lithgow is perfect for that 




 Look at those clavicles. 




 I came here to say I'm pretending this actually happened  




 Jack's building is a giant swastika ha 









 There's a version where someone recorded in a Russian accent "I am going to take some of your food now don't be scared eh eh eh eh" 




 I got that reference 




 Think about this; half of unlimited could still be seen as unlimited. The number you spend keeps going up, without end, as does the amoun for charity. No downside. 




 And it came out to an even $9.50 




 Are you a little purple dog named Courage? 
























 Calm down, Kit Walker 




 Guess who will pay for one? This guy 




 This reminds me of the onion ponds on the top of the devil's thumb in Holes. 




 Why is there a 12 on her head? 




 Way to go, Portal 




 I got tears in my eyes, I felt the love 









 Her face looks a little ditsy in this picture. 









 *there's*
my Skate 3. 




 Paleasseeee 




 I want to watch more things go into this machine. 









 Imagine when THIS post gets 1776 upvotes, instant karma. 




 How terrifying is it on screen with Jeff Goldblum? Also is it Gold-blum or Gold-bloom? 




 My favorite Important Things with Demetri Martin sketch you were in was at the little Shenanigans restaurant as Ben Franklin, yelling "Fuck you, Cathy!" What would yours be? 




 I do this every time I eat one of these, all I had to do was take a picture for Karma? 




 Raggedy man, goodnight. 




 How does one proceed to buy such an artifact 




 Yiss 









 Real^heroes^live with us^forever 




 Take to the seas! 




 The feels I feel  









 That's Dul Hill. 




 Dante's Peak has taught me that you need to leave your town immediately  




 We're gonna need to see this pornstar. 




 Where are all the socks? 




 B82rez 2g4 




 You're supposed to streamline dummies 




 The Rake 




 If Stan Smith was Superman 




 I got the results of the tests back, I definitely have breast cancer. 




 Well I just watched the whole thing  




 David Spade wants his hair back 




 I love the purple patch 




 The ghost of mole erhmentraut 




 Black ice is ruining this country 




 The one where he changed a $1 to a $100, these 4 black guys just screamed and sprinted down the street and didn't stop. 




 Fuck you Cersei. 




 Frederick Diggery 




 Jesus, the memories 




 Chaos reigns 




 ...did he get blacker since Space Jam? 




 Dante's inferno is a severely underrated game 




 Each individual source 




 Definitely haunted  




 Those gifs just raise so many more questions 




 My grandma has the exact same thing. Somehow the ears were always better, you're right  




 Ooh, barracuda  
























