 Wow forbid anyone have personal preference for things they spend lots of their own money on.

Would you go ape shit if I said fuck mechanic keyboards too? Love my Razer Deathstalker, chiclet keys just respond so nicely. 




 How can it possibly be a scam when its something I requested? I wanted my OS on one drive with all the bullshot windows files on another. Takes up less space on my SSD. 




 Just Like Heaven, The Cure. Doesn't seem so bad until it happens to you, then it's devastating.

It happened to me four nights in a row once.

Four.

Damn.

Nights.

Edit: typo 




 $1200 is parts and professional labour I hired to configure windows 7, and the software that came with my parts. Also needed someone to configure my harddrives so certain windows files were on the right drives. 




 Voice recognition doesnt right script, macros, or keybinds. Keyboard will always be dominant in my rigs. 




 The formal training process is also a load of shit. You have to have recommendations, x amount of years, auditions just to qualify for a university... and then MAYBE get a job.

My high school english teacher is living the dream. He teaches during the day and takes gigs in his free time with his band. The band is literally a bunch of guys just doing their thing for fun in their free time, and they're becoming a pretty solid local figure.

Not sure how promoting goes over on reddit, but the band (The Treble) has some cool YouTube videos like 24 shows in 24 hours. 




 "You sound like someone I know..."

People are blown away when I tell them I've heard that from people in 10 or so different countries around the world.

I play online games too much. 




 When was music ever about impressing people? Its expressive, and universal. You dont even have to understand it to appreciate it. 




 Maybe just my opinion on the matter, but rock and whatnot is supposed to be unpolished, boarderline "barbaric" as viewed from the structured world of professionally trained musicians. My ex that I still talk to a lot plays many orchestra instruments, I play guitar and bass, im always telling her to loosen up and play what she likes and feels right more, she says I should work on more theory.

Who cares if they are self taught, or went to a school for it? If they can do it and they sound good, thats all that matters.

With that said, fuck mainstream radio. That shit has no heart and soul to it. Damn scourge of the music industry. 




 This, just this. Built a new rig in February for $500+ less than retail. All I had was some knowledge passed down by dad and his computer communication diploma, and reading online. I now play SWTOR and WoW at max graphic settings as easy as opening a browser. After software and some labour it came out to ~$1200 Canadian. 




 Did Rule 34 just cross over to The Great Cornholio? 




 So many people at college are amazed I can type full paragraph notes faster than the prof can talk, but really its just years of bullshitting around on computer games.
Become one with the keyboard.
Keyboard is love. Keyboard is life. 




 Any soup worth eating that isn't specifically made for vegetarians will have natural animal stock.
No, Campbells or whatever crap that comes as a paste in a can is not worth eating. 




 I would go out of my way for 711 coffee long before I have a cup of whatever black liquid they sell as coffee 




 My last and final experience with Tim Hortons:

-Go to order coffee and grilled cheddar panini.
-Foreign employee at the register taking orders.

-Neither the worker or workers co-workers understand a word of English I say when I try to order.

-I have to point at the menu just to get an order.

-Get burnt coffee and bread, without cheddar or even butter on it, with one side of each piece burnt to charcoal.

-Mention it to manager. Manager doesn't speak a word of English.

Edit: this happened about a year and a half ago. 




 I don't even know how to respond to people that like a food but don't like to know where it came from. Yes, gelatin (food) comes from animal bones, so does 99% of any soups you buy. In the culinary industry, bones and butter (fat) are flavour.
How can you appreciate food without this philosophy? When I was trained to cut up whole chickens, I gained a lot of useful knowledge, and respect for butchers that know how to make the cuts look so perfect at the supermarket.
If knowing Jell-O comes from an animal bothers you, but you eat fast food at all, you're looking in the wrong direction. 




 From what I can tell playing around with Diana and seeing what much more skilled players say and do, the reasoning on rushing zhonyas is simply survival. Diana is a devastating nuke with crazy stick to enemies, but is also very squishy early and mid game, even with the shield. The general play for her is gankcrazy burstzhonyascooldowns resetround two (more of a late game thing). She has the power for hyper-agressive drives with small risk of it backfiring with a zhonyas.
Now with that said, there is absolutely nothing wrong breaking the build meta. Sometimes I goof around with full attackspeed builds, but there's not a lot of reason to change when its arguably the best (safest) build path for burst AP champions. 




 Walk into any book store, see a book at a friend's place, recently saw the post of a black guy (humorously) reading How to be Black, which had "bestseller" on the cover.

What criteria does The New York Times put out for the right to publish the book endorsed by the paper?

Do publishers/readers think labeling ever book defeats the purpose? Might thr standards be too low?

I've read some pretty bad books, some with that bestseller label on it at least three times. 




 The sound of velcro scratches the top of inside my skull. Then you find yourself sitting on a bus with that bastard devil child playing with the straps of his new light up shoes. Every time he rips the velcro you want to throw him out the door. 




 Its units of 10. If you can't count to ten by the time you're old enough to use reddit, good luck to you, sir. 




 In canada we sometimes use cups, simply because illogical, non-conformist americans can't better the world by using metric, so a lot of recipe books are screwed up. 




 I feel like I missed a key point of the 90s by never seeing Space Jam. One day I'll find a beat-up cover of a dvd reprint in some dusty antique store and buy it. 




 How many metres or ropelight did you use? I currently have one metre in my Bitfenix Ronin mid-size case and it doesn't light it up as much as I hoped. It's still beautiful gaming in the dark though.
Edit: a word 




 If that was me, I'd ask the landlord if it could stay up until a renter signs papers and decides if it stays or goes. If the renter doesn't want it I'd come back and paint over. At least then there's a chance this piece of work can stand time a little longer 




 I still buy CDs despite the plethora of downloadable content out there; one, multiformat backup. If my phone, laptop, and desktop go down, I still have a nice rack of music to pick from; two, my uncle has about 1100 CDs and vinyls on the wall, and it's always a conversation piece; three, what roadtrip is complete without friends, junkfood, and a stack of your best bro's favourite albums? Before the ubernerds of reddit go "just download to your phone and get an aux cable you filthy casual!", you clearly don't leave moms basement. I know the tech exists, I build my own computer towers, but it isn't the same. 




 I started with 3rd edition and 3.5 playing Neverwinter Nights, which somewhat prepared me for 4th edition (4th had a lot of changes!). My best advise, go to the local game shop, there's almost always groups of every kind of card/pen+paper player there, and watch, ask questions, borrow a book or download a pdf. You start theoryceafting nasty character builds. Example, I broke my leader druid by giving him a 2d6 weapon that thanks to a druid mechanic, rolls 2d12. Just to swing a heavy stick!
Edit: you WILL make new friends doing this too. Plus it's more fun to go out to a common place, or host d d and beer nights. 




 Forget Sideshow Bob, Mr. Burns is the real villian and the show wouldn't be the same without him.
Props to this guy finally getting the award he deserves.
Edit: forgot to mention I never knew he voice acted Smithers as well! 




 Manitoba checking in. NEVER seen bagged milk in my life, didn't even know it existed until a few years ago when americans in online games mentioned the "stereotype." 




 "[He'd] rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints." Only the Good Fie Young by Billy Joel
Edit: word 




 As a victim of shit like this when I was a child, I used to think spiders were fascinating, now I'm traumatized into arachnophobia. 




 Not sure if I've ever seen a cosplay of my favourite support done this well 




 I was forced to stop playing it when I bought a new computer 3.5 years ago with Windows 7, but Bioware never patched it for 7 as far as I'm aware. I must know how this is still playable, that game got me addicted to MMORPGs and I wouldn't have it any other way. 




 Chef in training at college atm. Gonna have this engraved on my knives! 




 Oh shit. TIL I'm both... 




 Foreign exchange student I'm close to chose Olivia as her English name. Ironically, she hates olives. 




 There's a Miriam at college. She goes by Mimi. 




 You are completely aware that even the programmers at Microsoft that worked on the Win8 project have said in published articles that it was one of the worst projects they had to work on, right? I don't have the article saved anymore, but it quoted one developer saying Windows 8 and 8.1 are a step in the wrong direction from Vista, as a professional opinion.
When the guys that were forced to make it says its trash, believe them when they say its trash. 




 I don't thinks shes an unattractive woman off set. Its a combination of makeup, wardrobe, and long before her debute on the show, she wore unisex clothing to help get into character. 




 But you can never leave.... without a 5 minute deserter debuff 




 Any source of heat works. My grandmother learned to bake cakes in an electric frying pan when she built her house 30 years ago and gas wasnt put in for the stove yet. 




 In culinary college and one day I forgot my knives at home. Borrowed a french and got through a whole day of peeling fruit, cleaning fish, boning chickens. Single most important tool at a chef's disposal.
P.S., came to this thread for just this topic.
Edit: P.S. 




 I work in professional food industry. If ANYTHING goes wrong for one chef, in extreme cases customers dying, they go back to college to learn a new field. Thats IF they avoid jail time and lawyers taking their house, car, and will to live. 




 I've been removed from the twitter and Pinterest mail list for supposedly 7 months. I clear 40 or more email notifications from each.
Every.
Single.
Day. 




 Canada checking in. European descent, generally nice to people, got the "eh's" and "aboot's", I love bacon, and I mock Americans about their health-care.
In online games I'm the guild Canadian.
Edit: syntax 




 First job was stocking shelves at a drug store chain in Canada. This was the FIRST thing taught in training. Except the chain is run by cheap bastards that can't pay to see a dentist once a year. 




 Neverwinter Nights was my life until Bioware stopped patching when Windows 7 was released. Great RPG, EA ruined Bioware. 




 Americans: "3 flakes? Snow day!"


Canadians: (boss) "Your car is under 3 feet of snow and you broke your leg on the sidewalk... still coming to work right?" 




 I have nothing better to do with my time than go to work 
























 A few of my friends look at me like they're thinking "what the hell are you here for?" when I show up at their place when they said to. 




 All my music in my computers and phone came from my CD collection. It's not that I disagree with pirating music, but I prefer both having a copy I can lend friends, and a physical backup if my harddrives decide to give out for whatever reason. 




 I feel like all the posts here are from non-Canadians. Here's a short summary of stereotyped Canadian culture from my experience living here all my life:

Yes we're usually nice. No we don't apologize for everything.

Tim Hortons makes the worst cup of coffee in the country.

Maple syrup is amazing. This is a fact.

We don't say "aboot" we just talk faster than Americans.

Our military is small because no one doesn't like us.

Tim Hortons coffee again. Seriously, they could burn iced cappuccinos. 




 I love the groups that still try to make it not a race, with both sides working towards a massive brawl. Unfortunately, my battlegroup has a win ratio of 99:1 for alliance, whereas I play Forsaken warlock.

Edit: Alterac and Isle are the only battlegrounds Alliance has a chance at winning in this battlegroup, so the other battlegrounds are fun. 




 Not to one-up you, but I'd rather read *Mein Kampf* than play *any* FF game. 




 Doesn't matter what demograph you fall under, if you perpetuate a negative stereotype, I have nothing but negative thoughts about you.

Not to pick on anyone in particular, but I used to see a guy in a wheelchair daily around my former place of work. Panhandled every single day, finally I got fed up with him. I asked why he can't work.

"I'm in a wheelchair!"

"How are your hands? Do they function?"

"Yeah, sure!"

There you go. 




 I think she did a fantastic job with Christian Bale in American Hustle. I got into her character so much I didn't realize who the actress was until credits. 




 But it's background noise to put on Netflix at 2am, so there's that. 




 One of my closest friends is maybe 150 pounds, and eats half his weight in a week. 




 Sorry ladies, but we can't live without you. Even gay guys need women in their lives 




 Not exactly intentional, but the nature of the culinary field I'm in, you will cut yourself in the early years of training, without fail. We chalk it up as "war wounds" and "battle scars." 




 Same thing goes for military and security jobs; you signed up for it, now shut up and do your job. 




 We don't need to, it's rap.

There's my unpopular opinion. 




 A lot of jurisdictions toss it because there is always a margin of error in every case. There have been documented cases of death penalties given out, only to find out it was the wrong person.

Im curious to what opinion you have to make this a regular sentencing again. 




 Thank you! Trying to remember was bothering me. 




 I like A W over all the other brands, except maybe a very close tie with the brand that has a crow on it. Every time I visit the States, I load up on that stuff for the week or so I'm there.

Last time I saw it, Mennards had it on a pallet. 




 How do you watch any Christopher Walkin movie? 




 I did not know that. Still cool, still south! 




 Stunlocked for daaaays 




 Guilty of this. So much stereotyping of the south makes it hard, especially when NASA basically lives in Texas and Florida. 




 Does a handle designed to be pulled on the push side count? 




 My ex always carries an egg shaped stone around to help her anxiety. She knows damn well its just a rock, but its more of a safety blanket concept than magic. 




 Sometimes I randomly get a bad taste in my mouth and reflexively spit, but I try to check if anyone is around first. 




 Lottery: for people bad at math! 




 That reminds me to recycle the coke bottle I drank on the bus 




 Same mentality, but if looks could kill, I'd be dead every other week. 




 Most people don't even understand gun control. 




 What the hell kinda metalhead were you? All the ones I knew were jeans and band shirt types. 




 Went to high school with a guy that seemed to pull it off. He was tall, skinny but obvious that he worked out, and it fit his classic/hard rock interests and personality. He got glasses and it made him look hipster Rastafarian, but not really in a bad way. 




 Tesla died poor, you can thank him for your home electricity.

Also would like to add, a life and a job are separate, a life and a career are one. A career should reflect who you are, not the bills you need to pay. 




 If success is an account balance, society already failed. 




 I've caught myself doing this on a couple occasions, and its involved in political debates around the concept of separating religion and politics on a legal level. Making religious influence on politics barred comes up a lot in my circles, especially around topics of civil liberties.

Recently in the news, there's a athiest military pilot who is losing his contract soon because he won't make an oath to god. He has been willing to omit just the 4 or 5 words involving religion, but the U.S. Air Force is not moving on their position, and now face a civil rights lawsuit. 




 His career is his biggest joke.

Edit: so this is my new, most downvoted comment. Good, finally getting a reaction out of you guys. Even if that reaction is supporting a terrible "comedian." 




 I'll be the one Canadian to say it:

Poutine is trash. Waste of good fries. When you drown golden, crispy awesomesticks in gravy, and cheese curds *shudders*, all you get is an overpriced, soggy, disappointing meal. Might be better if any place can actually melt the cheese, or not use cheese curds (I really hate curds), but until that day, I'll take my money to buy a good plate of food, for probably cheaper. 




 Luckily you are not one of the three types of customers that need a slow, painful eradication;

One, the customer that literally can't shut up and let you work.

Two, the customer that barely acknowledges your existence, making it impossible to serve them.

Three, the customer that thinks "the customer is always right" justifies being a spineless piece of shit.

Everyone in customer service-like roles loves you! 




 Last time I went snowboarding, half the hill had some construction going on, but no one was checking to make sure the workers were staying in their area. Turns out they weren't, kicked up big rocks and shit, to be snowed over in a thin layer of white. So I go down the hill, hit one of the rocks. It knocks me over, I roll down into more rocks, nearly busting up my knee caps. If my aunt who was there wasn't a nurse, I probably would have gone to a hospital to see if theres any damage. I refuse to go down a hill again. 




 Being a shaman that wasnt created until well after ICC was released, I feel like I missed out on this sorta thing.

On the bright side my affliction warlock was unstoppable. 




 Soon, the blood of a virgin and your firstborn will be required. 




 Best click of my life! 




 When I was 12 the first artist I liked was Billy Joel, that evolved into Queen, The Beatles, Van Halen, Def Leppard, Stones, Iron Maiden, etc...

Lately I listen to a lot of Dire Straits and The Cure, throw in some European rock/metal.

Edit: thought I'd mention I'm 19 now. 




 Someone insert Lenny face for me please 




 I feel ya bud. Been doing it for years. It's not always weird or nothing to say. 




 Theres a joke here, somewhere... 




 Im guilty of this sometimes, but only because fuck you Adobe and your new "update" every week. 




 This is my mother, which blows my mind becauses shes been an accountant for 20 years, can use a calculator at light speed but can't type with even half her fingers. 




 Running the same instances over and over to level cap is the reason I don't level tanks or healers anymore. I recently leveled a Forsaken rogue 1-90 in 74 playing hours exclusively with quests, give or take an hour or two farming what few low level (or any level) Alliance still play on Area 52. I try to visit areas I haven't been through in a long time, which dramatically improves the leveling experience.

As for endgame, Cataclysm, while having a few cool raid mechanics in some fights, was largely unchallenging; Pandaria is faceroll. Nearly cleared Mogushan Vaults in first week of raiding in 2012, which prompted me to take a year and half hiatus from the game, before returning for PvP this spring. Flexible raiding does improve the raid scene, while LFR is pure cancer (I haven't had a group that could clear any raid in months). Unfortunately, Blizzard doesn't know what the game needs anymore, and is leaving LFR while removing Flex.

If anyone decides to want to try WoW again, I would highly recommend avoiding any raids and switching to ranked PvP. Yes, most people are idiots and will throw games. Join a good guild, get some gear, and do some arenas and rated battlegrounds. At first it will likely be easy as you climb the rsting ladders, but around 2000 or higher rating, you'll get stuck. And that's where the challenged and the fun begins.

TL:DR; stop raiding, start beating up players, the PvE community is for filthy casuals. 




 WoW. Yeah, I don't play that anymore... *cough* 




 When you have 1tb hdd available, why wouldnt you dump junk files cluttering ssd onto it?

I hear it constantly, "mechanical is so great you should ge-" no, go away. The clicking alone is reason not to get it. Then you have to press at least twice as far per keystroke. Thats wasted time. 
























 Last I heard he was an alcoholic and probably dabbling in hard drugs 




 CD: $20

Supporting favourite bands: priceless

Multimedia backup: infinitely priceless 




 Even an amateur can take primals and subprimals apart easily enough. We had a hog carcass (bled and eviscerated) brought to class in culinary school, it only takes 5 minutes to learn. 




 Or become Flash..? 




 Casuals. My household does that in a week 




 Pack your bags, boys. We found the brown note. 




 It wasnt really a big issue until the last 5-6 months if i was gaming for hours at a time. Now its retired to college use only and never runs hot. 




 My almost four year old Pavilion dv-7 notebook was decommissioned from gaming in january, but for lasting three years and tens of thousands of hours of gaming it was as reliable as they get. Also had a wireless mouse i bought around the same time, still works minus scrolling. 




 I'm in the culinary industry, 90% of the knives used are Victorinox and Henckels, until you start looking at a uber-expensive specialty knives like Damascus steel.

A good Victorinox 10" french is about $60. 




 Had Cave's voice in my head until coughing. Switched to Peter Parker's boss from there on. 




 My D1 brother loves to play initiate-heavy junglers (Lee Sin main). Whenever I watch him play, he always screams at the screen "the day I get any follow-up from my team is the day Asians don't win LCS again." 




 Is this what Rick-rolls have come to?

Sidebar, had to explain Rick-rolls to a foreign exchange friend. She now tries to Rick-roll me 4-5 times a day.

Edit: what, not was. 




 Wards let you know what's coming...?

When I support I light up that jungle like a forest fire. 




 Damn, my subconscious made an archery pun for me. Nice catch! 




 Used to shoot competitive archery with a leftie. Couldn't draw but damn he could hit those targets at 100 yards pretty well. Last I saw him he was training for worlds. Wonder what my bud Keenan is up to now. 




 Loosely tied into this, equal gender pay. I like to think I'm alright with social progress, but I will not support equal pay rights so long as I have to pay for every dinner, coffee, movie, etc.

In 7 relationships, not once did any of the ladies offer to cover the bill. Only one would pay for her half, sometimes. 3 of them made more than me too. 




 Meet my mother. Couldn't even say I'm athiest in a non-religious home. 




 We all know this woman. Know-it-all, thinks she's everyone's friend, uses feminism as an excuse for lack of hygiene. That's the Becky I (unfortunately) know.

Fucking Becky. 




 Last night... tonight... tomorrow leftovers... with other family in a couple weeks...... 




 It's like we have a holiday celebrating harvest season before theres frost and/or a metre of snow! 




 Calm down, Zeus. 




 There's a couple factors why I haven't carried cash in years. First of all, its inconvenient. Why should I waste my time, a cashier's time, and the time of others in line finding enough coin and bills to pay, when I can stick or tap a card at a device, and be out in under 15 seconds? Other factors are, my wallet doesn't have a change pocket, and neither do I feel like keeping change loose in my pockets. Also, cash is a liability. Most muggings do not end up in violence if you show your wallet has nothing but secure cards, at least where I'm from. 




 Food trucks here take debit, and half of them take credit as well. 




 Speaking on behalf of fellow Canadians, its called a "creeediiit caaaard" (or debit). Makes life easy and you can track how you waste your money poorly. 




 Padded seat backs? Here in Canada, that"padding" was 5mm sheet steel. 




 Not only normal, but professional. This is what we do in restaurant kitchens to keep clubhouses and such looking well made. 




 Fixed... 




 Pepsi is never ok in Canada either (you know, that thing north-er than north?). You either drink coke or you don't have tastebuds. Fact. 




 Being in college, I have no motivation (or energy) to focus on a lot of hardcore gaming or anything anymore, so I've been binging all 10 seasons of Stargate: SG1 for the last two weeks. Crack a beer and relax, no regrets! 




 Go listen to Just Like Heaven by The Cure, happens to me too 




 Its a matter of not knowing what you want. A story/example I had recently sums it up. A friend of mine wanted to make a gift basket for her friends birthday, so we went over to the liquer commission to find some wine. Well there's literally walls of wine in the place, from every corner of the world. She had no clue what she wanted, but I know a little bit from purchasing and making wine. Told the guy working there she wants something sweeter, with tones of bitter and dry. This guy had a suggestion almost immediately. 




 Found the Canadian, guys! Yay Great White Northerners 




 Just bought that album on CD last week, amazing study music 




 Its 2014, I was barely old enough to remember '97 forward, and I'm still rocking Dire Straits. 




 Does it really matter? It's the Beastie Boys, everything they are is an insult to the Rock Hall of Fame. 




 Its nice to know we have standards for food in Canada. 




 Referring to calling out the incompetence of target callers/other bad players? Granted I'm not the best player of any game out there, but when a team functions better ignoring the group leader, there's a problem. 




 One silence, one free fear, one fear that consumes shadow orbs. Hardly a lot of cc. Oh and a talent for roots or stationary fearing fiend if you walk near it. Granted I can drop it on your face, but its easy to get away from.

Its the warrior/druid cc monkeys that need to calm down.

I main a warlock as well, and while I agree cc is out of control, fears are literally my survivability. Not only am I losing most of this or its getting nerfed into the ground, I lose my only defensive cd as well. Warlocks are being gutted and it's why I probably won't pvp after 6.0 anymore, until Blizzard realizes they literally killed a class's viability.

Edit: grammer, spelling, priest content.

Edit 2: currently 1500 RBG rating, easily could have been 2.2k plus if I got along better with bad target callers. 




 My grandpa once said, "if it has tits or tires, it'll cost you a lot of money." Applies here too. 




 Inaccurate. Engineers actually work.

Otherwise spot on! 




 Sonething, something, joke about his ugly sweater-vests. Yeah, sounds about right! 




 No need for an army, give Canadians hockey sticks and tell us [insert bad guys here] have the puck 




 They w0t m8?

Edit: damnit guys this is my top comment? Alright I'll take it.. 




 Winnipeg checking in. Transit drivers are some of the worst drivers. If you don't have your ass bolted to the seat, prepare for a scary ride.

To make it relevant to the thread, Winnipeg Transit operators need to let people find a seat before slamming the gas or brakes. 




 Seriously though, when I'm with friends or whatever, phone is just a way to tell time. 




 630 class here. Still wearing a nice sweater (not some slack-jaws hoodie) and leather shoes. 




 Great White North isn't much better. If I make plans, I call (not text), to make surr plans are still good. And then I wonder why I'm the only one that does this. 




 How I love Tap with Mastercard. The second the Veriphone says accepted I say no receipt and get the hell out of the way. 
























 McCain's still beats Pillsbury

Edit: a word 




 1. Buy oreo cookies

2. Smash

3. Milk

4. Your girlfriend walks in, sees you, and walks away disappointed 




 The first problem is people keep listening to the radio.

Going to pick up the guys? In goes an album to the cars disk drive 




 In the patisserie (traditional baking) class im taking in culinary school, the hard chocolate comes in either a 10 pound bag, 5 pound pail, or 30 pound block. 




 Long live the bucket of Lego! 




 To play devils advocate on the topic, i used to be socially awkward and had anxiety, and facebook gave me a buffer to let me communicate with girls i just met. 




 My grandma uses the same toaster she got as a wedding gift in the early 70s, because that tank is made of sheet steel and will never die. 




 I thought it was 10 minutes of sponsor ads. 




 I would suggest to take one month and put fast food on a credit card at least twice a week. When you get your statement you'll never pull that shit again. 




 Might be harder to find here, I'll take a look next time I'm around the liquor commission 




 Still haven't seen KFC Double Down on this thread. 




 Canadian whiskey is still better. Goes down smooth, not like that battery acid stuff. 




 Ah American football, where large, greasy men fight for a stuffed leather sack that rarely touches a foot.

The original marketing for the sport wasn't well thought out for the name. 




 You're opinion on Sennheiser? I used to go through gaming headsets and fell in love with this pair i picked up a while ago, got a cheap tabletop mic to go with it. 




 With a truck like that, get remote start and here it belch diesel far away. 




 You have to "get it" to get it. You? You don't get it. 




 So France? 




 "See 20% further with these new lights!"

Yeah, lets blind oncoming traffic and cause a head-on. 




 Second time i visited the states from canada, i saw a jacked-up truck painted full camo with that sticker in the window beside the browning deer and an American flag decal, and truck nuts. 




 I would (about NFL) 




 I wouldn't say douche is the right word to label with Beats, but my multiple sound tech friends would argue they're one of  the biggest wastes of space on the planet 




 Dont hate my tilly 




 Your shirt says Tapout but your body says takeout. 




 Ameretto goes good in it... 




 Holy hell i just got this out of my head yesterday. Saw a comment mentioning it last month, listened to it once. It got stuck in my head and the next weekend i put it on a 7 hour loop. 




 Because whiskey sours and cuba libres! 




 I heard a while back that in the 80s Pepsi made it their policy to sell their product commercially at a fixed price, only adjusting for inflation. 




 Try coke zero and brushing teeth regularly. Helps a lot. 




 College and university aren't as predatory and useless as the "become a a dental hygienist assistant in as little as 6 months!" Places. Y'know, the college's that advertise at 2am on a weekday. 




 Wasted my risky click of the day on that.... 




 But i need fake internet points to match my piles of gold. Oh wait...  I'm already there! 




 I realize now I had Good Guy Dad. Mom pretends she's with the times but still lives with a ruler down her back.

When i started dating, Dad would lend me the car, get Mom out of the house, even burned the empty box of condoms he found in the back seat.

Edit: can't trust Mom, but Dad's a bro in my books. 




 To add to this, more schools need to enforce (with escorts off campus) poor appearance. The habit needs to be made to pay attention to hygiene and looking professional. So many students don't understand that a school is still a place of work. Dress for it like you would a job. No i do not mean where a suit every day.

I understand the pressure to look attractive and follow fashion trends. But thats all they are. *Trends*. Professionalism is timeless. 




 How is this an issue? Every kid I went to class with had the pressure of good college, scholarships, etc. We grew up knowing a worthless diploma from a nobody college would be a complete waste. 




 My middle school principal suspended a guy for a month for taping a fake moustache to himself.

"Disruptive behaviour" is the not so new name for anything that isn't "sit down and shut up." 




 Unless your child shows clear signs as an academic prodigy and will probably end up at Harvard or MIT, high school doesn't mean a thing as long as you pass.

I'm currently attending one of the best culinary schools in north america, and all they wanted was to know if i passed high school.

Same principle goes for youth sports. 99.999% of the time, you're kid's going nowhere as an athlete. Ease off the kid. 




 Our city's mayoral election was last month. One of the top candidate's was attacked with a facebook post his wife made, deleted, and publicly apologized for. Something derogatory (i don't remember what exactly) to someone of a minority group for nearly plowing into her car on a major route. She said it was a post made in anger that she volunteered to remove and make a statement about. 




 Hey r/AskReddit and r/PenmanshipPorn, I'm looking for good sources for quality and reasonably priced pens, inks, etc. for a gift set. Tips on what brands to buy and what to look for are appreciated. 

Set I found at the local mall (link below) has what I'm looking for, but I'm unsure on the quality.

http://www.chapters.indigo.ca/house-and-home/master-class-writing-set/762491146000-item.html?ikwid=pen+set ikwsec=Home ikwidx=26 




 Sounds about as useful as Moon Moon. 




 I guess my shoes will last forever; $300 Rockports 




 We have one of these in my college courses. And then gets pissed off when her goatee becomes a legal hygiene concern. 




 A lot of the western world is on a negative growth trend. Countries like India are on unsustainable growth trends. 




 I hear this so damn often. I save so many hundreds of dollars a year eating healthy. I highly doubt the cost of healthy food is the issue, as much as lazy bastards who couldn't be bothered to learn basic cooking skills. 




 An area of my city called Osborne Village. Hipster shops, independent clothing stores, and a great pub during the day/evening, muggings, stabbings and shootings at night.

Not every night, but at least once a month. 




 As Canadian but also chef, don't care as far as sausages go. 




 I have a good set of headphones (no, Beats are not good, they're Sennheiser), but my mixer looks like master volume at 30%, everything else at 4%, and other settings like in-game, Youtube, etc, set between 50-80%. I can't figure out how to fix how loud everything defaults to, and I'm not even bad with computers. Any ideas? 




 But you can save a ton changing oil yourself. All you need is a car jack, big pail, filter, and oil. I'd have my half ton changed under 15 minutes in my driveway. 




 As a cook i can confirm. 3 inch by half inch scar (we call them chef tattoos) on left forearm. Bumped a sheet pan loading a cooling cart. 
























