 Life expectancy is determined by a variety of factors. If we look at data from info like the CIA Fact book or other popular sources we aim to correlate the expectancy with other variables like GDP, individual household income, growth rate, etc. and surely will come to find that life expectancy surely has increased when looking the basic models of the demographic transitions. Moreover, although we spend a lot of money on health care; health care is still incredibly expensive in the United States. Medicine and other procedures pick the personal pocket more commonly than the pocket of another person in Europe. It's expensive to the person. So we spend a lot of money on health care in order to make it accessible to everyone; however, it is very expensive to the individual and the majority of the wealth in the US goes to the top 1% leaving a reasonable chunk of the population struggling to afford unreasonable medical expenses. In addition, as seen in other comments, our daily habits have a great influence on life expectancy in addition to other factors you can correlate. Ultimately though, we still have a pretty high life expectancy and in terms of population; it's mind blowing to ponder how drastically the world will change if life expectancy increased by let's say... another ten years. All of this is simply crazy. By 2100, the worlds population is predicted to reach 11 billion people. Just some food for thought
 



















 Out of everything that's happening in the world this "problem" receives the largest response. Well god damn. Maybe this is the solution to world hunger. 




 It's "funny" how some will say that the constitution does not explicitly promise our right to privacy. It's even "funnier" that the constitution doesn't promise the rights it explicitly states.  




 I wonder how all of these comments will change over a period of 100 years. 
























 I haven't heard any news yet. It's probably a heart attack or an aneurysm. But it's surely worth it to be skeptical. 
 




 He " was found unresponsive on the lawn" and "pronounced dead at the scene," but chill out because "no foul play is suspected and the death is considered untimely." Well thank you officer; I'll be able to get absolutely zero hours of sleep tonight.  




 Dear Reddit,
I've reached out to the virtual void to plead for a reason, any reason, on why I shouldn't commit suicide. I'm fully prepared. Please, enlighten me. What would you tell me? In fact, what would you tell your friends, family, or just a lone stranger like me on why he/she shouldn't commit suicide. This is hypothetical, and not in a cruel way. Just what would you tell me?  




 Thanks, this is really great. Wingnut is sick.  




 Oh Susquehanna is sweet. My top is Backpack by Andrew Jackson Jihad. Very popular but brilliant. 




 I've re-entered the world of folk punk and came across Ramshackle Glory, and they're very much like an Andrew Jackson Jihad. Live the Dream is their first album from 2011. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oK-79GfA9s
I'd just check them out. 

 


































 A parallel with the invention of cameras. What a coincidence.    




 I got a 22 on my mac. Definitely going to try on different screens and in different light.
 




 If we develop a strategy to prevent individuals from pressing the button, we could solve a lot of world problems. Temptation and the desire to screw someone over are just so appetizing.  









 I really like taxing negative externalities and efficient energy sources...but what about the private property? What about the harsh economic impact (specifically fewer jobs and expensive infrastructure?) 
What about the environment being an bipartisan issue?
etc.
Does anyone had ideas on technological advances? or just out of the box whacky ideas? Anything!  Like photosynthesizing humans are a great answer. 
 




 Reddit, I'm curious? What do you think the answer to climate change. You don't need to know how to get there, but what is your answer? No need to be practical.  





























 I guess it's all a matter of body theory and personal identity theory. I think Hawkings is Hawkings. He has his own mind; he just happens to be placed in a non-functioning body. It ultimately asks the question: Is Hawkings famous for his discoveries or disabilities?  




 ehh that's arguable. Computers have taken over the extent of which he can communicate in society, but haven't taken him over personally. 









 Just anything that makes you feel.  




 I'm looking for songs with a lot of emotion? Just raw, honest, weird stuff with deep lyrics and raw emotion. Any suggestions.  





























