 That really does look like some end of the world shit...black skies and pillars of smoke everywhere. 









 Congrats! It's such a good feeling to go from a closet overflowing with stuff you never wear to a nice streamlined set of clothes. 




 Congrats and welcome! 




 Did you try taking out all the batteries including the backup battery? 




 Congrats! 




 For some reason I always thought a dermal pouch would be awesome. Like I could just carry my keys and phone where my appendix used to be. 




 Hey that was the dictionary.com word of the day a few weeks ago! 




 I think you can but you have to train them to get used to it. Due to their herding instinct they will try to nip and herd you when you run. This makes them a bit of a tripping hazard :) 




 Wow no idea this was a thing. Thanks...? 




 Well if they couldn't find it here in America, I'm glad they found it in Australia.  Couldn't have happened to a nicer bunch of gents. 




 That's a pretty bad ass backdrop to walk away from... 




 Threads of Fate? 




 Trebled? 




 God this is so true...everyday I have the same plan when I get home: workout, clean/do dishes, and get to bed early at 9.

And every night it's usually the same: eat something unhealthy, dick around on reddit for a few hours and then fall asleep at midnight... 




 It almost sounds like "Oh Yeah" by Yello, from the Ferris Bueller movie: 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG_6CopW9GQ  




 Opera huh? It's not Flower Duet by Delibes is it?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Qx2lMaMsl8 

Yanni also made a song based on the melody called "Aria"

 




 If you really want a challenge, I read about a no-junction challenge on gamefaqs that seems pretty damn crazy...

...but if you want to use all the game mechanics, maybe just limit which magics you use to junction. Like maybe only junction the basic level (fire, thunder) and avoid all the third-level (thundaga, etc.). Also stay away from triple and ultima and other crazy-powerful spells. 




 For some reason I always liked "Throw Stone" from Final Fantasy Tactics. It just felt like something I would do if I ended up in a battle somehow; just pick up a rock and chuck at someone. 

Though I also liked Cloud's cross-slash limit in VII...damage + stop was a nice combo. 




 Even though I'm a dude, I always connected with Tifa. I think I've usually got good intentions and feel responsible for those around me no matter what I do. And I liked that she was always trying to cheer everyone up when things got tough. 
 




 Gya haa haa! 




 I liked 8 and my little bro like 9, so there you go. Probably up to personal tastes.

I'd say 8 has a higher learning curve on figuring out how the junction system works, but I thought the story was better. 9 is more old-school in gameplay and probably easier to pick up from the get-go. 




 I played XIII and just got the sequel. I liked Lightning as a character and that's about it. I think XII got a little too "out there" for me in terms of story and gameplay. I'm all for fantastical elements, but I summon Sazh's eidolon and it's a flying race car...what the fuck?

I think the battle system had potential but the story and gameplay just weren't there for me. 




 When I played Kirby I never knew you could push down and swallow the enemies to gain their power. I just thought the only purpose of swallowing them was to spit them back out, which I thought was weird because you could do that with air puffs anyway.. 




 I was think the same thing. What person would intentionally write "I'm a big fucking pussy" in his own paper? 




 Music was great too 




 A sturdy backpack that fits into carry-on. Pack clothing that can be layered like t-shirts,  a fleece,  and a wind breaker. 




 Libertarian  




 That's pretty sweet, thanks for posting. I also thought it was like a little black box with the green-on-black vector graphics on a small screen. 

I also thought that the Braun robot looked like a little coffeepot... 




 For some reason I always thought it would be cool to be Mayor Domino from FF7. Since Shinra runs everything, he just gets to hang out in his library all day and do whatever he wants, but he still gets to be the Mayor. 




 Same here! That made sense to me since my dog just gets to sleep all day and I give him food and treats for free, while 90% of the world has to go work at a shit job just to scrape by. 




 They're doing some interesting work here in Minnesota: 

http://www.d.umn.edu/llo/ 

http://lrc.geo.umn.edu/laccore/

Maybe they can set up a partnership between MN/Ontario like they did to bring the lake sturgeon back? 




 Upvote for the Gopher pants 




 Do you think the US will hit the fiscal cliff, and if so, what impact will that have on the global economy?  




 We lived together for a while before we were married so actually the first year of marriage wasn't all that different. But I actually think it's gotten better over time (married 3 years now, been together for 7). It takes a while to get to really know each others quirks and habits, but I feel like we're closer now than ever.  




 Our honeymoon and vacations to cool places were great, but honestly the best experience is just little things everyday we do together. Like yesterday we made french toast and sat at the table and read the paper together, laughing at stupid things we found in all the ads.  




 By the time you're 22 you don't talk to or care about any of the people you went to high school with, so stop trying so hard to impress everyone.  




 Stop worrying about what everyone thinks about you and trying to be "cool" for your friends or anyone else for that matter.  




 This sums it up. No matter how good you think it would feel to just ditch them, you would only be screwing yourself in the future. Never burn bridges and try to make good relationships. You would be surprised how often you end up relying on them in the future.  




 Totally agree. I'm a big supporter of open source everything, but in my work-life, I rely on Word, Excel, PPT, and others for 90% of the stuff I do. And MS has always be good to us whenever we have questions or problems.  




 Man, I'm only 28 but I feel like an old man seeing calculator games like that. Back in my day we just had breakout and snake on our TI-83's and we were happy with it. 




 It would be hard to narrow it down to just one...but I have a soft spot for the original Age of Empires soundtrack. 

Shadow of Colossus is another great one.  




 3 was my favorite by far. The bosses, the music, the ability to slide... 




 I've always loved the idea of an inner courtyard. 




 I think it was every time I would travel or move, I would realize that I was hauling a ton of stuff that I never used. Like I had boxes of books that I hadn't read in years, but every time I would move, I'd have to box them up and lug them to wherever I was going.

Finally I just decided to look at what I used every single day, and pare down my belongings to just those.  




 Working out- I have one set of adjustable dumbbells and a bench that folds, so it all stores under my bed. 

TV/Movies/Video games- All on my Xbox, which is hooked up to my tv. I used to have a lot of systems and wires everywhere, but sold/donated most to just have the Xbox set up. Also started playing on my phone rather than having to carry a separate handheld like a PSP.

Reading/learning- Library card for books, and I also go to Project Gutenberg to get free ebooks for my phone.  




 It might be slow to take off now, but I bet we will see a lot more place like this in the future as the climate gets more unpredictable. They have indoor beaches like this in Japan and indoor ski slopes in Dubai. 




 Thank you for posting, those shots are great. 




 That's really great, nice work. 




 The longer I live, the more I realize that this is 100% true. 




 That....looks awesome 




 Fuck it, have an American upvote. 




 For the Swarm! 




 I volunteered at a hospital and if we needed security we would page "Dr. Strongman" on the overhead.  




 Thank you for your service, idagernyr.

I'm heading to Kandahar city next month for some civilian work. The problem is my company is cheap and so I'm only budgeted to stay in local hotels, use local transportation, fly through the civil airport etc. What do you think of the ground situation in Kandahar city? 




 I have to go to Afghanistan next month for some civilian work. I'm actually excited about most of the trip, but I have to spend a good chunk of time working in Kandahar city, and am a bit worried about that. My company is only budgeting for "local" provisions, so I'm staying in local hotels, local taxis, no escorts, no military access, etc.   




 I totally agree with you on the Sears catalog! My wife didn't even know what I was talking about when I told her.  




 As an American I support it (so long as it is democratically agreed upon by both sides of course.) I think America is really more than just a country, it is an idea. It was formed by people from a variety of countries, religions, and languages who came together for the freedom to live the way they wanted. If both parties want this, then I say the more the merrier :) 




 Thank you for making an awesome movie. 




 Wow, she cannot look bad even if she tries.  




 I went to a Catholic school and Sister Lust was one of the nuns... 




 Secretary of Energy Steven Chu won the Nobel for his work in laser cooling.  




 Secretary of Energy Steven Chu won the Nobel for his work in laser cooling.  




 Agreed! Why did they stop? 




 Probably a napkin. I always get appetizers on napkins at parties and can't find anywhere to throw them away so I just wad them up. 




 Man that takes me back...i think we had all of them
.
 




 How does it feel to sleep on a bed made of money? I always wondered... 




 Ha, love it. 
























 My thoughts exactly! If they were going to do something about it, they should have acted before it was posted. Now they just look indecisive and incompetent. 




 Wow you look great! Congrats on all your hard work! 




 I think we will still have some way to keep track of resources even in a post-scarcity world.  




 Hey SJU! Class of '07 here. 




 Wow, nice job! 




 That's actually pretty funny. 




 That looks awesome! 




 How does the "character booster" work?  




 From the thumbnail I thought it was a spider and I thought " Why the hell would anyone feed a spider every day??" 




 That sounds like a pretty awesome night. 




 That's awesome! I wholeheartedly support this endeavor. 




 I would totally go for this! A combination of the finest people on Earth! 




 Haha so true! I got the guides to VII and VIII and loved reading through them then picked up IX and was amazed at how shitty it was. 




 Great idea! 




 Congrats and welcome!! 




 It's really great to see such involved parenting these days. Kudos to you! 




 Thank you!  




 Ha, that was my first thought too! Fucking klobb... 




 Man I had no idea there even was a complete edition. Definitely going to have to check that out. 




 Both my dad and grampa had their knees replaced so it's probably just a matter of time for me. Hopefully when I need them, technology will have made them even better. 




 I know there are lots of harder things out there, but I did a no-junction game in FFVIII which was pretty dang hard. 




 Fujin, Raijin, Reno, and Rude 




 It's true. The last 3 games I played on mine were FF6, Xenogears, and Vagrant Story. I don't even remember the last time I put a UMD in. 




 India should be getting 126 soon 




 Congrats! 




 Check out this plot analysis from GameFaqs:

http://m.gamefaqs.com/ps/197341-final-fantasy-vii/faqs/16725

I think the timeline  explains it pretty well and seemed accurate to me. 




 Ha I know the feeling. I used to volunteer helping the elderly who lived alone and one of my jobs was to check their fridge to make sure they were buying enough to eat. Every time theirs had 10x as much food as mine :/ 




 They seem to act more like the Galactic Empire... 




 Pretty much Sonic the Hedgehog 




 Well when you're there, you're family so he was just helping out the fam.  




 Yes! Came here just to see that. 




 Congrats! 




 DC now but Minneapolis previously 




 Congrats and keep it up! 




 To a hawk, bird bath = buffet 




 Thanks so much for posting this; this is really great! 




 That really does sum it up. We need more people to work as Independents outside of the two party system if we want anything to get done. 




 As an American I have to say that those British uniforms are pretty damn sharp looking. 




 VII is still the best game I've ever played. I seriously can still pick up that game and have a great time. 

After that it goes:

VI
X
VIII
Tactics
V
XII
XIII
 




 I didn't have a PS so I played FFVII on the pc as soon as it came out. I still have the saves on a zip disk, although I'm pretty sure I don't have a zip drive anymore...
  




 I think that is the message they want to send just in case shit hits the fan. If the US says that NK is weak and not a threat and then has to invade or retaliate against an attack it makes us look like bullies attacking "weak" NK.

On the other hand, if we say they are a legitimate threat and they start something, then we can say "well we've been saying they are dangerous all along and now they're attacking so it's time to defend ourselves. " 




 Good, now they have two less missiles. 




 Congrats! 




 I had a Minnesota gopher one in college but it fell apart. 

I'm trying to get a phone case that has an ID slot so I can stick my license, a credit card, and some cash in and just use that. 




 The writers' boss must have just caught them surfing reddit so they made up some excuse about doing research for an article and now they had to follow through with one... 

 




 Cute couple. Congrats! 




 That's really cute. 




 The fireworks scene in FFVII was pretty moving. The music really just set the tone.  




 Cait Sith from VII. He just always annoyed me and the one time I used his limit break I got Joker Doom...no thanks. 

[Spoiler](/s "And why was he still around in Advent Children? Did Reeve just decide to keep piloting a robot for the hell of it, even after everything was over?") 




 Good costume, good background,  and gorgeous girl....that's how cosplay should be done. 




 Congrats! 




 Mr. T as Barret 




 I will say that I did like the system in XII of fighting the enemies in the overworld without having to jump into a separate combat mode. I think that added a lot to the flow and is something they should have kept in XIII.  




 While not strictly on minimalism, Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse is a great read. It looks at both ascetic and overabundant lifestyles and finding a balance in life. 




 What I really want is a slim case for my phone that has a slot for me to put my ID, credit card, and maybe a bit of cash. That way I just skip the wallet altogether and just carry my phone with me.

But I haven't been able to find anything good for the Droid Razr... 




 It's so crazy how expensive the East Coast can be. In Minneapolis I had a sweet 2 bedroom apartment with a huge living room right near downtown for $700/month. Now in DC I couldn't afford a studio for that much.  




 And you guys both know The Economist is a British newspaper, right? 




 That sounds like an awful way to die... 




 I'm usually pretty internationalist, but lately I feel like we should just tell the Middle East "screw you guys, I'm going home" and let that region work itself out.

I know it would create a safe haven for terrorist, mess up our oil supply, humanitarian disater, etc. but seriously it feels like it's just going to be a perpetual clusterfuck over there. 




 I kind of want to try one... 




 Whiterun? 




 I didn't have a SNES growing up but my friends did so I watched them play FF6. Fast forward a few years and I got really interested in playing FF7 but didn't have a PS. So I waited until I saw FF7 for PC and picked it up. Still my favorite of the series.  




 Totally agree with "quality not quantity". 

The past 2 computers I bought were the cheapest laptops I could find and they all broke within 2 years. Then I spent a little more on the last one and I've had it for 7 years and its still going strong. To me, that's a lot more minimalist in the long run. 




 I used to have a bunch: flip phone, Sony PSP, Nook eReader, laptop, mp3 player...

Now I pretty much use my Android smartphone for everything, which makes it really easy to just take one thing on my commute. I'm even considering giving up home internet since I can just check email through my phone.  




 DC 




 I agree 100%. Language protection is one thing but when it gets to that level of harassment,  something is wrong.  




 Something that looked like Cloud's Hard Edge from FF7 (short, machete  type) but with a status ailment like Stop and Drain. 




 That's one lucky shot...

Don't see many WWI pics on here. Thanks for posting. 
























 Write my dreams down in a journal to improve lucid dreaming. I'm trying to be productive in my sleep too :) 




 Time to call in the National Guard. 




 I've only played Persona 3   4. Is SMT a turn-based RPG too? 




 This is so true. Thanks for posting. 




 God I'm totally with you guys. I had a great day yesterday, ate healthy, worked out and figured I could do it again today...nope! Had projects galore pop up and will now have to skip working out, eat something fast and work until 9 to get it all done.

The only advice I have is to think of all the work you're getting done as one step closer to improving your life overall. I just log every major project and late night I have so I can bring it up during my review. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/Cyberpunk/comments/1anbix/atlas_hood/

This post had some good pics of it. 




 As I'm in the middle of my 1+ hour commute from my 60+ hour a week job, I've have some concerns about the accuracy of that prediction... 




 I love pictures like these...they really tell people are the same across times and cultures. I bet if you went back to Ancient Greece you'd find the soldiers dicking around with their spears. 




 And we can build this dream forever, standing strong together... 




 Wow nice work! 




 I think about this same thing  lot too. I'm 28 and just hoping to stay healthy And alive long enough for those advances to start rolling in.I'm pretty optimistic though since the pace of technological growth is accelerating so rapidly. After the airplane was invented it took less than 50 years for man to break the sound barriers and then we walked on the moon in just a little more than 20 years after that.

So I think if I can hang in there for 50 years we will hopefully be at a point when life can be extended much longer. 




 That's really awesome! 




 I saw Brazil in the title and two big round things in the thumbnail...

 ...Disappointed 




 Pretty clever 




 That's really bad... 




 That's really great work. 




 After watching The Cove I have to say I agree with this. 




 Man that takes me back. I love how your bow sounded like a fucking chainsaw when you had it charged all the way. 




 God it's so true... 




 I'm cool with this. It's 2013, we might as well start building better relations. 




 "Hide the weed! Hide the weed!" 




 I agree with a lot of your points. Triple Triad was probably my favorite mini-game in all the FF series. And I loved Balamb Garden as a setting. I think it would be awesome to have a game that used Balamb Garden as a setting and worked in simulation elements like in Persona 3.

But yeah the story was a little too confusing and the junction system could have been better. 




 Nice! I've been waiting forever hoping it would get added to Netflix streaming without luck. Thanks! 




 I wonder if anyone has done a study on the prevalence of autisim in mixed race couples, who you would think would have less homozygosity. 




 Survey research. We did a study on fears around nanotechnology once so that kind of , maybe counts. 




 Woo Minnesota! 




 The phone book, newspapers, elevator attendants 




 Honor among warriors. When the Red Baron was shot and killed, he was given a full military funeral. 




 Did Bono mess up how to give the finger? 









 That looks amazing. Would love to hang out there for a night. 




 But if only half as many people buy Xbone's... 




 Those damn vegetarians...tofu is the work of Satan! 




 Totally agree. Plus with all the free games PS+ and Xbox Live are giving away, I can afford to wait. 




 Sony did the exact same thing. 




 Thank you! I can't believe I had to go this far in to find a level-headed post like this. Personally some of my best memories are playing Battlefront on my 360 with my brothers, so I'm looking forward to doing it again in the future. 




 Believe me, I've been there many times in the past. But one of those times eventually worked out and now I'm happily married. Nice job taking risks! 




 I was there for 6 months and just took a carry on. Basically just clothes, any electronics, and 1 nice outfit. You can buy pretty much anything there cheap, although if you're tall it might be a little harder to find. 









 Same here. Every kid should have someone to tell that in their life. 




 Wow, that's really good! Nice work. 




 Waking up early is literally the best habit I have. I can get so much done while everyone else sleeps. 




 That's awesome! Just listening to their new album now. Thanks! 




 My phone has taken the place of a ton of other electronics, so I think of mostly as a benefit. My wife and I even got rid of internet at home since we just use our phones for everything. 




 That's awesome! I know exactly how you feel as I'm similarly great when drunk and partying and then terrified to even talk to a girl when sober :) 




 He already looks fast as shit 




 I think fake-it-till-you-make-it can actually work in a lot of situations and I've definately done it before quite often.  




 Well played OP 




 That's so sad! 




 VII for sure 




 In future news Isreal just bombed the shit out of what's left of Assad's army. 




 Congrats!! 




 Went in Minneapolis. Great show and got to seat hop up front at the intermission. Wonderful. 




 Nothing says badass more than having a huge Logitech scanner hanging off your belt. 




 Marry Freya, kill Cait Sith, nail Fran 




 Spot on 




 Spot on 




 Oh Del Taco...I used to have one in a gas station by my house in Colorado. The scent of beef and gasoline was heavenly. 




 Totally agree. Iria was actually the first anime I ever saw and got me into it in general. 




 Congrats! 




 My thoughts exactly. It sounds like the future will be amazing but they need to get crackin on immortality/ life extension so I can enjoy it. 




 My thoughts exactly!  




 That's really sweet 




 Badass! 




 Human breast milk? That's pretty cost effective! 




 Manna is a great one. Got me interested in futurology. 




 Wow she's pretty 




 Or the moon from "A Trip to the Moon"

http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/Le_Voyage_dans_la_lune.jpg 
























 Wow 90%? That's really amazing how far we've come on this. Just a few years ago a doctor friend of mine said Hep C was just as bad as HIV because there weren't very many good treatment options. 




 That's awesome, I love the idea of Siberia as a setting. Like if global warming fries the world and Alaska/Siberia/Canada become home for the mega cities. 




 I think this just kind of happens to everyone as you grow up. I'm still in my 20's but my wife and I mostly just hang out with each other, and when we do go out, it's usually just with other couples for dinner. There's nothing bad about it, and I actually prefer it.  




 I guess trigger control in the 80's meant controling which direction his brains splattered in. 




 Congrats! That's such a great story! 




 Ha, that's pretty awesome.  









 Thanks for the AMA!  




 Agreed. It's what really got me into futurology in the first place. 




 I highly recommend this place to anyone travelling through the Southwest. Truly one of the most beautiful places I've seen in the U.S.  




 Sorry if I didn't phrase that clearly....

I have 4 data points from 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010. The first 3 years are all significantly higher than 2010, but 2010 isn't significantly lower than any of those 3. How can that be? 




 Really amazing to see how advanced automation is becoming. 




 I bought an "iPod" off of ebay from China. You could load songs on it, but you had to let it play without touching it. If you hit next/pause/back at all, the thing would shut off and you would have to reboot it.  




 From Wikipedia:

In the United States, thousands of wildlife crossings have been built in the past 30 years, including culverts, bridges, and overpasses. These have been used to protect Mountain Goats in Montana, Spotted Salamanders in Massachusetts, Bighorn Sheep in Colorado, Desert Tortoises in California, and endangered Florida Panthers in Florida. 




 Sad...I've been looking forward to seeing this for a year :( 




 A dating sim with all the FF girls... 




 Midgar...of course I live on the upper-plate and not with that slum rabble.  




 I think it's different for each person, but that technique has worked well for me. When I schedule tasks for myself by hour, I find myself more likely to do them. The only thing I would caution about is interrupting flow if you're in the middle of something productive. 




 I'd avoid the Chinese phones personally. Every electronic I've gotten including phones from there have been total shit. I'm happy with my Moto X. 




 Woo Minnesota! 




 Great line. Makes me sad to think that our leaders can't get their heads out of their asses and work together to do something great like that again... 




 Kegels...look at that smile. 




 Well said. 




 What!!! This is the only player I've used since getting Napster 15 years ago! What am I supposed to use now?  




 No way! I totally thought he was just some kind of spirit type thing! 




 Kudos to him. It's great to see the kind of things the human mind can uncover. 




 Seriously, delayed all the time. 




 I've already got a copy, but kudos to you for offering. 




 You should have gone to a midnight opening to buy it. Just walk up to the counter and be like "Please tell me you guys have a Wii U left. I've been waiting all night!" 









 Venezuela doesn't need any help in being destabilized... 




 Badass. Any idea where one could play it? 




 It's my favorite of the series. 




 Nice work! 




 It's like something from Indiana Jones. 




 OMG yes! I was so pumped when I first downloaded the NGE theme, but to this day I still have not been able to get it to work properly. 




 This is really true. I always find that if I can get off to a good start in the morning, the rest of the day takes care of itself.

I also think it's a good idea to get as much done the night before to make the morning easier. I always make my lunch, pack my bag, and lay my clothes out at night. That way in the morning I'm not rushing to get everything ready. I just grab my stuff and go.  




 I totally second this. If I don't stick to a routine every time I work from home, it just falls apart pretty quickly. "Just 15 minutes" of video games/reddit/distractions quickly turns into hours.

So just like u/arrant_pedantry said, I just automatically wake up, run, shower, and then sit down with my computer in a room without a TV and start cranking out work.  




 Hey right by Bobby and Steve's...I used to get personal pizzas there all the time. 




 She's pretty 




 That's so awesome. I love the idea of going to flea markets/yard sales and swapping things for old games. 




 Bummer. Thanks for the response! 




 Sorry if this has already been asked, but can you download the HD collection with all 3 games for the Xbox 360? 

I've seen the physical copy that has all three games (2, 3, and 4) but when I go to the Xbox site or get on Xbox live, it only has an option with two games (and Peace Walker as a separate game): 

http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/MGS-2-AND-3/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d8024b4e0840 
 




 I wonder what the Germans would have thought on D-Day if they saw a fleet of Miata's approaching... 




 This your bush?  




 A warm bed, tasty food, and good company.  




 Just moved up a weight in my dumbbell bench. Now I'm doing 140lbs for reps. Not huge for most people, but the most I've ever been able to do!  




 I would guess jobs related to entertainment and creative ventures, things that appeal to the human side of us. Like machines may totally design and build the gaming console of the future, and may even program the games, I think a human will still have to provide the story, characters, and relationships that make those games so appealing to us.  




 This really is the most damaging effect of all of this, in my opinion. A strong scientific and technical culture is what gave the U.S. such an edge for so long, and now we're pissing it away over politics.  




 This is really great to see.  




 Congrats bro! 




 Damn, where do I sign up? 









 Anyone tried the Chipotle tofu? I've heard good things but I live on the east coast. 




 Wow...that guy sucks at his job. 




 Just to play devil's advocate here, these companies have to spend billions in R D costs to make these drugs. If they don't charge money to recoup their costs the drugs would never get made in the first place. 




 My only advice on a schedule is to do the important stuff, like job hunting and housework, early right when you wake up.

If you start off with "just an hour of games to get me going", I guarantee that it will turn into an entire day on the computer. 




 Say what you will about her, but "Save the Best for Last" is a great song. 




 No picture? 




 Burn 









 They are pretty shabby. Same goes for any of those "all-in-one" gadgets you find from Chinese/Hong Kong sellers. I bought an MP3/MP4 video/music player. The video function never worked and it would only let you listen to tracks straight through. If you tried to skip ahead or shuffle it would reboot itself. Total crap.  




 Yeah actually. FFVII when I was in 8th grade and I've loved it ever since. My 2nd favorite is also the 2nd one I played: FFVIII. 














 Congrats and welcome! 




 Nice job! And with my favorite trio to boot :) 




 Cats really are great. Sorry for your loss. 
























