 ohh nnnoooo 




 Awesome.

Superman's origin seems to be very much like Birthright also. Birthright and All Star are by far the best Superman stories I've ever read so I'm certainly excited. 




 It's crotchtastic  




 That Jurassic Park one is definitely not true  




 I'm not really familiar with Leos Carax and I haven't seen Holy Motors, but is that the same sewer monster man from Tokyo? Is this film somehow related? 




 Most of the screenshots have made the map look huge and expansive and dense and detailed.

This one does not. 




 The guy from Live Free or Die Hard, Sunshine and Colombiana is Cliff Curtis and he was absolutely not in Star Trek. The guy from Iron Man and Star Trek is Faran Tahir and he looks nothing like him. 




 I definitely don't think Miley is anywhere near the hottest girl in the world, but her new short haircut is pretty damn hot  




 Just a HD re release of Destroy All Humans 1 on the Destroy All Humans 3 engine would be worth a purchase.

2 and 3 were pretty terrible. But I loved 1 so much and stll play it today, and one of the best aspects was the awesome campy 50s setting and atmosphere. But 3 had a really cool next gen physics engine and way more advanced TK and flying saucer abilities. Plus more destructibility.  




 If by giant black cock you mean [this guy](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0006535/) then sure 




 It always looks awkward when a dude tucks his fancy dress shirt into cheap ugly jeans 




 That was such a dumb scene. Does Alfred just google Bane and get all this info on the secretive League of Shadows and Bane's past and everything  




 Do people really jerk off into socks? Why the hell would anyone do that...  




 That was hilarious  




 Fuck yeah Action Hank 




 Is that Juliette Lewis? 




 That chick is hot 




 Is this from something? Because its hilarious. 




 That's the one thing I didn't like about it. Otherwise it was a really fantastic fun action movie. But once it started going down *that* path in the third act it felt a little off. It kinda cheapened what was supposed to be the most emotional and important part of the movie. Also I thought the cameo towards the end was dumb.

But pretty much if you liked the first you'll like this. Fun and cool and fast paced and funny and with a surprisingly interesting and unpredictable story. A little bit darker and more serious, but nothing drastic. Maybe not quite as good as the first one, but its definitely worth seeing. I really really liked it. 




 I am Australian and I have never seen of heard of this thing before. That's crazy 




 What's up with that guy's cheeky exposed nipple 




 Adaptation is definitely my favorite Nicolas Cage film, and one of my all time favorite films altogether. That would have been a perfect example. Or Leaving Las Vegas or Matchstick Men or Raising Arizona or Lord of War or Bringing Out The Dead or The Weather Man or even The Rock if you wanna get silly-but-still awesome.

Nicolas Cage was brilliant back in the day, but 8mm is just not at all very good. 




 There are so many absolutely fantastic Nicolas Cage movies. The man even has an Academy Award. And to make a point about all his movies being not silly you choose a cheesy over the top Joel Schumacher movie that is universally thought to be pretty silly. 

*Kill them, Machine! Kill them all!* 




 Jeez, textures look rough as hell 




 Looks a lot more like Shaun than Fuzz

I am excited as hell. Shaun and Fuzz are two of my all time favorite movies and I never get sick of watching them over and over again. Edgar, Simon and Nick know how to pull off some of the most fun and fast paced, and yet incredibly intelligent and well crafted comedies you're gonna find today.

Honestly, in my opinion, this trilogy might even be revered years from now along with other brilliant cult comedies like Big Lebowsky, Airplane and Dr Strangelove.

EDIT: I hope Bill Nighy has a cameo 




 LOL NARWHAL BACONS AT MIDNIGHT 




 The Jim Lee was is pretty meh  




 Brad Bird made an amazing film I really hope he returns, but I heard something about Christopher McQuarrie, the director of Jack Reacher and Way of the Gun, directing this one.  




 Rebel of the Caboose would be a great title for the eventual porn parody  




 That opening paragraph did not make you out to be much of a sympathetic protagonist  




 I heard 3x bigger in terms of landmass, 5x if you include underwater and interiors 




 Those weird girls from middle school 




 So many new features and so much new content. I was not expecting this. Surely they're going to port this over to next gen? The next consoles come out like 2 months after this game is released, it'd be crazy to not have a simple ported version playable on them. 




 Thanks! 




 Yeah I understand real dinosaurs had feathers, but these are Jurassic Park specific dinosaurs, so I love that they're sticking to the classic design. It doesn't take much more than a quick throwaway line to explain it away through genetic engineering or whatever.
I mean in real life raptors were like 4 feet tall, and I don't think anyone wants that.  




 No feathers. #JP4 - @colintrevorrow Twitter

https://twitter.com/colintrevorrow 

Bah, sorry, I don't know how to link to a specific tweet 




 Should have been played by Michael Ironside 




 The director already confirmed no feathers  




 Except the Wolverine character in the movies is not short at all. Wolverine in the comics is short. Wolverine in the movies is the exact same height as Hugh Jackman. In no other Xmen or Wolverine movies including this one has he been short. He is always just as tall, even taller, than all the other characters.  




  *Punches television*  




 Weird. I loved the documentary series, but this really doesn't look like its presented in a documentary format at all. So it's like a normal movie about a dinosaur without any dialogue or anything?  




 Wow that is sad. Even the dog leaves. 




 BioShock Infinite came out recently and is one of the best games I've played in years 




 In the actual film the title is spelled out like that. 

IRON MAN THREE

It looks weird.  




 I fucking love it 




 I don't think any GTA has ever had a song appear in a trailer and not in the final game  




 Well that looks ridiculously awesome  




 Did you go to one of the screenings? 




 Yeah the idea is really cool, but the boat seemed way too small and light. 




 I'm pretty sure Guillermo said that the voice was using 100% the same computery filter effects in the first trailer, and that the voice in this trailer, which is still very similar, will be the once in the film 




 I thought NPH and Bruce Greenwood were spot on for their roles, and DiMaggio was a really fantastic and different take on Joker, it was great to see that he didn't just try to copy Mark Hamill like so many people do. But I thought Jensen Ackles was pretty weak. 




 It's totally a valid excuse, but not when you're trying to get people to give you thousands of dollars for your weight loss program. 




 :(  




 I'm guessing Martian Manhunter will be next. But I reeeeaally hope we better get either Animal Man or Swamp Thing. 




 GD 




 A couple of references to the incident in New York and the Avengers, Happy Hogan calls them the Super Friends, which was funny.
The Exxon oil company or whatever is mentioned. And of course Bruce Banner in the post credits sequence. Other than those little winks and nods this movie felt very separate from the rest of the Avengers universe. 




 I need an adult 




 I am up to here right now 




 Yeah that one stood out to me too. That was brutal. 




 nope 




 Stan Lee then says that he is anticipating the storyline that Palmiotti wrote for the game. Which is probably just a nice thing for Stan to say. He's a very busy man but I get the distinct impression he doesn't really read many comic books these days - Marvel, DC or otherwise - and is interested in other creative ventures, so I doubt he really has the time or desire to check out the in-game storyline here.

In the interview he did with Kevin Smith on Fatman on Batman he said he had never really read any DC comics at all 




 Yeah that's right. Whoopsie. Fixed 




 [spoiler](/s "Kinda obvious. I thought Gary Mitchel fit better and was a more interesting, less well known character, but Kahn is still pretty cool. I thought it might be a bit early in the new franchise to have that character show up,") but if the movie is great then it doesn't really matter who the villain ends up being. 




 I figure most people here have played the game with all the crazy posts about it recently, so I thought this would get an answer. I haven't bought it yet but I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually.

So I was wondering, what happens if you use Doomsday or Superman or Flash's super move while on the Watchtower map? The animation for those three supers definitely can only take place on the earth. Even Hawkgirl, Captain Marvel and Black Adam's super moves deal with the characters being below the clouds. Do the characters just magically teleport down to earth for the super move and then magically teleport back to the Watchtower to continue the fight? 














 So it seems that the Injustice: Gods Among Us roster is as follows:

Ares

Aquaman

Bane

Batman

Black Adam

Catwoman

Cyborg

Deathstroke

Doomsday

Flash

Green Arrow

Green Lantern

Harley Quinn

Hawkgirl

Joker

Killer Frost

Lex Luthor

Nightwing

Raven

Shazam

Sinestro

Solomon Grundy

Superman

Wonder Woman

That's 24 in total, and it appears there will be another 4 characters available as DLC with the season pass, which brings us to 28 characters. So if you could pick any 28 characters to be in Injustice, who would you have gone with?
 




 Since there's still no confirmed director for the next Bond film, I thought it might be fun if we just discussed who we'd like to see take over from Mendes.
Here are my top five choices, plus I think they're all fairly realistic.

1 - Martin Campbell

Directed two of the best bonds (in my opinion) and while it might be a safe or boring choice to bring him back, we'd be assured a great film. Plus his non-Bond films always end up being disasters anyway, so he might as well stick with subject matter he can pull off.

2 - Edward Zwick

Last Samurai, Blood Diamond, Defiance (with Daniel Craig) He just seems like exactly the kind of director who could make a great Bond film.

3 - Guy Ritchie

A lot of rumours are floating around about him taking over, and while it seems like a strange choice to me, the Sherlock Holmes filmed certainly showed that he's capable.

4 - Joe Wright

Another name that I've heard being mentioned a lot. I actually haven't seen anything of his besides Hannah, but I've heard good things.

5 - Matthew Vaughn

I'm not the biggest Vaughn fan in the world, but Layer Cake (with Daniel Craig) was pretty great, and the first half of Xmen First Class with all the Magneto revenge stuff is brilliant, and convinces me that he could potentially nail Bond.

EDIT

Bonus Director suggestion - David Yates

I wasn't super into Harry Potter, but the last couple movies looked incredible, and had some really impressive action sequences and some really cool and interesting directorial choices.

So what do you guys think? 

Who would you like to see take over Bond 24 and why?

(Other choices that would be too weird or unrealistic or unlikely, just for fun, would be David Fincher, Tomas Alfredson, Kenneth Branagh, Pierre Morel, Chan Wook Park, Niels Arden Oplev, Luc Besson, and of course, Christopher Nolan) 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0

http://au.gamespot.com/bc/

BC was a video game under development by Lionhead Studios, but it was cancelled in 2004. I remember being so so incredibly excited for it as a kid, and I still haven't really gotten over it. It was going to be super huge and elaborate, super violent, really intelligent, but mostly really fun and over the top and a bit goofy.

Basically it was an open world RPG/action adventure game where you take control of a tribe of cavemen and have to fight dinosaurs, killer apes, sabretooth tigers, and other prehistoric monsters to ensure the survival and evolution of your species. Upgrade your caveman, craft new weapons and potions, learn magic, expand your campsite, manage your tribe, hunt for food or survival or fun.

Also dinosaurs, you guys. More games need dinosaurs.

Just imagining a game of this scale and awesomeness on the next generation of consoles and PCs makes me think they really need to get this project going again. No other game is like this, it's a totally new and original and exciting crazy fun sounding idea.
At best I can guess it'd be like a prehistoric Skyrim meets Turok meets FarCry 3, only campy and silly and super violent with dinosaurs and monsters, and most importantly, bright colours and a fun cartoony art design, like games used to be before they got all super serious and big budget.

I would donate half the organs in my body to bring this game back. 









 My sister is 14, and she's always been very smart and good at reading. She's read the typical teenage girl stuff, but nothing really outside what everyone else her age is reading, and she never read very often. But recently when the Hunger Games movie came out, I mentioned that it was very similar to Battle Royale.

She seemed really interested so I got out my copy and borrowed it to her. She read it super quick and seemed to really love it. So I gave her Enders Game, and she loved that too. So I started giving her some of my favourite books, and told her she can read anything on my bookshelf. (as long as she asks first)

Now she doesn't want to read the normal stuff her friends read or her teachers reccommend her, now she wants the next book by Vonnegut or Gaiman or Twain. She even came home from school one day and said her English teacher mentioned that they'd be reading Animal Farm the next year, and that the teacher was super impressed that she had already read through Animal Farm and 1984 several times. 

Now we can talk about awesome literature and we have even more in common. I feel like we've bonded closer as friends now and we always have something interesting to talk about. This is the first time I've gotten anyone into reading and I guess I'm just super proud. Thought I'd share. :)  




 So I've watched both these movies recently, for the thousandth time, and I just realized some weird similarities between the plots and events of both movies, and I was wondering if anyone else noticed this or maybe knew if it was intentional or anything.

Not only do the plots of both films involve a dysfunctional (to say the least) family being forced to live together in a remote building for extended periods of time with little contact with the outside world, but both films also have a climax at the end where the child in said dysfunctional family is chased through a maze by their murderous father.

Not only that, but both films remain relatively ambiguous as to whether or not the supernatural elements of the story are actually occurring, or are just the result of the main character's deteriorating mental state, with the exception of a scene in both films at the start of the final act where the supernatural beings help the main character escape from an otherwise inescapable imprisonment. (Jack is freed from the pantry by Grady, Ofelia is freed from her bedroom by the Faun)

So what do you guys think? Coincidence? Intentional parallel? Bit of a reach? Do you guys know of any other films with oddly similar elements? 




 When the New 52 started, Animal Man and Swamp thing were my favorite titles. They were so unique and weird and dark and well written and funny and fucked up. Both their first arcs were absolutely incredible and they quickly became my favorite current comics. Snyder and Lemire are definitely among the best writers working in comics today, and I have no problem at all with long story arcs. But then the lead up to Rotworld started and both titles seemed to just be spinning their wheels. Especially Animal Man. I love both characters, and I love the Rot, and the characters were great on their own in the normal world, but it hasn't been grabbing me like it used to. And now that Rotworld is underway I'm not really into it at all. Plus now Snyder is leaving Swamp Thing so I'm even less enthused. I really hope Lemire and whoever takes over after Snyder have some awesome unique stand alone stories because this whole crossover event has felt really drawn out and disappointing to me. 









 I've watched a couple videos and I think the game looks awesome, but I've never played any XCom games before, or any turn based strategies before. I've played some RTSs casually and enjoyed them, but I'm no expert.
Will this game still be fun for someone who enjoys aliens and strategic battles, or will I be overwhelmed and destroyed like a caucasian StarCraft 2 player? 




 I watched the movie on tv while cooking dinner, so I feel like I maybe missed something. I absolutely loved the movie, and I thought the shot of Kong riding the nuke down would have been a perfect final shot before the nuclear explosion montage. But what was the point of the final scene where Strangelove freaks out and stands up? I totally got and loved the conversation they were having about basically restarting the arms race in a hundred years after the apocalypse, very funny and poignant, but what was happening to Strangelove? What was the Russian guy doing with that clock thing? Why end the movie there on that final line? What does it mean? Or is it just a funny line to go out on with no significance? I feel like I missed something and probably need to watch it again. 
Also I wish that alternate pie fight ending was kept. That sounds brilliant. 




 I've started collecting Batman figurines, and so far I've got a Darkest Night Batman, a 70s Justice League Batman, an Arkham City Batman, a Batman Inc Batman, and a New 52 Batman. However, when it comes to a Dark Knight/Dark Knight Rises design, every figure I can find is 6 or 12 inches, whereas all the other figures I have, as well as everything else on DC Direct, are 6.75 inches. 
I bought a 6 inch Dark Knight Batman but it looks too small and silly next to the others. Does anyone know where I can get a good quality 6.75 inch figurine? 














 I'm looking for a cool book about aliens or an alien invasion or some sort of sci fi paranoia thriller type stuff.

I'm really sick of alien invasions and apocalyptic scenarios and anything big like that. The first acts of alien stories are always my favourite. Where it's just mysterious sightings and media hysteria and paranoia and suspense and all that jazz.

If anyone knows of some more slow-burning alien sci-fi books, that are less about alien invasions and more about the mystery and conspiracies and suspense, and most importantly, if you know of any books that can really give you something to think about, I'd love to hear about them!

Thanks, guys 




 I really want to try to tackle his massively convoluted epic of insanity, but there's just so many TPBs to track down. Plus, I heard that it'd all be coming to a conclusion sometime in the near future when Batman Inc finishes.

Has there been any word of a big clean collection of everything? 




 Grant Morrison and Barry Sonnenfeld have been hyping this thing up like crazy, and it looks like a nice fun bit of insanity, so I picked it up today.

Did anyone else know that this was not at all a complete story? I paid 20 bucks for this graphic novel, and it's 3 or 4 chapters, basically an introductory first act, and the Dinosaurs and Aliens don't even fight.
The book was actually pretty cool. Nothing special, but a lot better than the silly premise would make it seem. I was actually really getting into it and enjoying where the story seemed to be going, and I was looking forward to exploring the crazy Dinosaur culture as well as the complex 'villain' aliens. But then it just suddenly ends before anything happens.  

I'm assuming there must be more books coming, but for 20 bucks I was really expecting that I'd actually get the full story, not just the first act. Especially since that it didn't say Part 1 or anything on it and it wasn't advertised as being an incomplete novel. I can't find anything about when, or even if there's more coming.

Maybe I missed something or I'm just dumb. 




 I love gangster films, and especially Scorsese films, but I have a really big interest in Japanese Yakuza and Chinese Triads.
Are there any really fantastic films based around these gangs that you guys could recommend?
Preferably more 'modern' films would be great.

Thanks! 




 I don't know much about what happens 'behind the scenes' of comicbooks, so forgive me if this has been answered already or is kinda already common knowledge or something.
Animal Man is probably my favorite book in the new 52, and one of the best books currently on the stands, and a part of what makes it great is the super surreal fucked up art by Travel Foreman.
But the last couple issues it seems that the art has changed every couple of pages, as if another artist is taking over at random points. What is the significance of this? 




 I've been meaning to read through the 'Demon' trilogy I've heard so much about, but I'm not sure which books are officially part of the trilogy and in which order I should read them. According to Amazon there's Birth of the Demon, Bride of the Demon, Son of the Demon but then also Tales of the Demon.
Can someone help me out? 




 I thought I had found one on Amazon, but when it arrived it had the new grey coloring. I'd happily buy a second hand one if such a thing is for sale anywhere. 
Thanks in advance! 




 I thought I had found one on Amazon, but when it arrived it had the new grey coloring. I'd happily buy a second hand one if such a thing is for sale anywhere. 
Thanks in advance! 



















 Show us your weird animal friends! 




 Oh Jesus Christ I feel so empty now. We've been together for two years. She was the only thing in the world that mattered to me and she made me so happy and I loved her so fucking much. I have nothing now. I can't stop weeping. 




 But when Bane's men are hanging down from their plane and blowing the tail off the smaller plane and whatnot, wouldn't they be flying behind the speeding aircraft like a couple of weightless plane banners, instead of easily hanging straight down like they were repelling from a hovering helicopter or something? 









 I don't know a whole lot about comics, so forgive me if there is an obvious loophole here.
But if Animal Man and Superman were in a fight for some reason, could Animal Man simply adopt Superman's powers to fight him? He can adopt the powers of pretty much any creature alive or dead, and I remember he even adopted Bwana Beast's powers that one time. Couldn't he just start taking powers from Superman and Flash and Captain Marvel and Aquaman and other heroes instead of just animals?

What is the limit to Animal Man's amazing and underappreciated power? 









 It is insanely packed with things to do and unlock and side missions and activities and cameos and oh my god I can't take it I'm so overwhelmed it's so glorious 














 I've only ever bought graphic novels and trade paperbacks from my local comic store, but now seems like as good a time as any to start buying comics monthly now that DC has rebooted, so I was wondering what you guys use to read your comics digitally. 

An IPad is way out of my price range, but I was thinking a Nook or a Pandigital Novel would be a good choice. Do I have to download a DC app to download comics or is there a website I should use? What about other more obscure comics from other brands? Can I subscribe to titles I like? I've never bought eBooks or used a tablet so I have no idea how they work.

Thanks in advance, guys! 




 I was looking for a cool noir-style Elseworlds tale, and I stumbled across these two titles. 

I don't have a lot of comic stores where I live, so pretty much the only chance I have of reading these is to just order them online, but I'm wondering if anyone here had read them and which one you guys thought was better?
They both sound sorta similar. 

[Gotham Noir](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Batman:_Gotham_Noir) stars Gordon as an alcoholic detective and was written by Ed Brubaker, and [Nine Lives](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Batman:_Nine_Lives) stars Dick Grayson as a PI and was featured on IGN's list of the best Batman graphic novels. Anyone have any opinions on which one makes for a better read? 









 I've been a Batman fan for only a couple of years, but I think I've started a fairly cool little collection of around ten or so graphic novels. 
Today I purchased Black and White volumes 1, 2  amp; 3, I also have Year One, Dark Knight Returns, Hush, The Long Halloween, Dark Victory, The Killing Joke and Gotham by Gaslight.
As much bigger Batman fans than myself, what other great trade paperbacks/graphic novels do you guys recommend I check out?
If you could give me a little info on the titles you think I should read so I know what they're like that'd be fantastic.
I hear Grant Morrison has done some really good stuff with Batman, but I'm looking for mostly self contained stories.

Thanks in advance! 




 And why?
Would you choose the voice of Freddie Mercury, the guitar skills of Hendrix and the songwriting skills of Springsteen and become a rock god?
Or would you choose the creative minds of Einstein, Tesla and Galileo and become a brilliant mad scientist so as to take over the world?
Or would you take the witty word-wrangling skills of Douglas Adams, the Piano skills of Beethoven, and the voice of Isaiah Mustafa and just become everyone's favorite drinking buddy?
You can choose any random combination of people from history, living or dead. 









 Apparently he was being a bad influence on the children as that music goes against Christian values. Australian school system, I am dissapoint.

It wasn't even Highway To Hell. He was teaching them to play Back In Black. Parents complained. He got fired. 









 Hey Reddit.
I'm kinda new here. I haven't made a whole lot of posts or anything on Reddit before, I've just been browsing and enjoying the website for a little while, so I don't really know how these things work, but I thought maybe you guys could help me out with something.

My friend sent me a message today saying that her aerobics coach has been diagnosed with cancer and is bedridden and refusing to let people come see her. So my friend has decided to start sending her funny YouTube videos to cheer her up, and was wondering if I could help. I've sent a few, but I thought you guys would have tonnes of hilarious videos up your sleeves. So if you guys could maybe post the funniest YouTube videos you know of, I could link my friend to this post and she'd have tonnes of videos to send to her coach.

I have no idea what exactly this person finds funny or what kind of videos she likes or anything, nor do I know what kind of cancer she has, but I can fill you guys in once my friend replies to me. In the meanwhile, if you guys could just post me some funny videos I'd bee incredibly grateful.

Thanks! 





























 I'm sure this film won't be a rushed poorly planned mess at all 




 I'm not a Kristen Wiig hater, but she looks really lame in this. A female doppelganger version of a male character is such a tired unfunny cliche. I thought the trailer was pretty funny and made the movie look promising, but that part made me groan. I hope it's a small part. 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nikQY7Q_lj4 




 I'm still not sold on Aaron Taylor Johnson. The rest of the cast is absolutely brilliant but I've never really liked Johnson.  




 I think that's supposed to be Las Vegas 




 We Australians really don't have any big international pop culture icons at all. But Mad Max was different. Mad Max was revolutionary, and has gone down in pop culture history. All current post apocalyptic fiction is based in some way on Mad Max. 

Mad Max was our culture's biggest contribution to the larger pop culture universe. And to just ignore a huge part of the character and fiction is just so pointless and silly. Why take away such an important aspect of Mad Max to just make him a typical gravelly voiced American protagonist? 

Mad Max was one of the biggest, if not the most important, pop culture icon we had, it's kind of offensive to try to mess that up.  




 He means he's keeping his old console as opposed to trading them in/selling them when he gets a PS4 or XBone 




 I know this probably will never happen, but as someone who never had a PS3 and who lives in an area with shitty internet where Gaikai probably won't ever be practical, and also being kinda OC about my games looking nice on my shelf, this would be a dream. 



















 Don't ever stop posting stuff  




 But Steven Spielberg didn't direct Skyfa.... oohhhhh 




 Never even heard of Raiju or Scunner before. Do we have a name for the flying Kaiju? It didn't appear here. 




 Dismantled a speeding train killing Ras. Drove his tumbler head first into a garbage truck killing the driver. Tackled Harvey off a ledge, killing him. Fired his bat plane machine guns into the cabin of a truck, killing Talia and the driver. Plus he ordered a bunch of hardly armed cops to run into a barricade of heavily armed mercenaries while he was safe in his jet, as opposed to taking his jet straight to the bomb with the anti-blow up device he gave to elderly Gordon to take care of. He also exploded an entire cliff side castle, killing the fake Ras and who knows how many other ninjas.  




 Superman has the same no kill rule. Batman killed like ten people throughout the Nolan trilogy. 




 Whoa thanks. It really does sound like a fun concept. I really hope it lives up to the potential. 




 Hmmm. That seems kinda generic and disappointing. 

I was never super keen on the idea of the hand to hand combat. The car battles and open world wasteland were what were appealing to me. Did the car battle seem over the top and fun and disregarding the laws of physics like Just Cause? Did it seem like you could have done lots of crazy stuff during the car battle, and that the player has lots of control over the shooting and harpooning, or was it fairly scripted?

I heard a dev say the map was as big as Just Cause 2 and filled with side missions and random encounters and stuff to do, so maybe there might still be some potential when the game is further along.

Super bummed about there not being any Australian accents though. I'm still really interested in the game but it seems a lot less impressive than I was hoping. 




 Chopper is up there too 




 I'm super interested in this game, and I'm surprised not more people on Reddit are as well. It sounds fantastic and fun, an open world post apocalyptic action game in the Mad Max universe from the creators of Just Cause. Apparently there's a demo people have seen, but I'm finding it really hard to find anything about it.

My most important question is are the characters Australian or not

We Australians don't have a lot of internationally known pop culture icons, so it'd be a shame if Max became another gravelly voiced American.

EDIT: Just noticed in the trailer that Max gets out of the right side of his car, not the left, that could be a good sign that this game is set in Australia, despite the American accent of the dude on the ground. 




 Once my old man saved up and bought a real nice car. It was a Holden Monaro, the nicest bloody car he had ever owned. In fact the only car he had ever owned that wasn't a banged up old ute. He had a DVD player put in the dash, and that night me and him sat in the carport in his Monaro and watched The Castle together. We couldn't have food or drink in the car but the seats were very comfy and reclined a fair bit. It was fantastic. I will always have fond memories of this movie because of that. 




 That is so awesome. Looks very Alex Ross-ish 




 Characters better be Australian 




 Really interested in seeing some stuff for Wolfenstein and the Evil Within 




 This new Joker designs reminds me of Lee Bermejo's Joker. I like it. 




 Well they made a point of saying all the cops that were chasing them were the corrupt cops on the villain's payroll. I dunno how they could have confirmed that information but that's how the movie justified it.
Plus there was a lot of destruction but we didn't see any civillians getting crushed by the safe. Just a lobby and a bunch of parked cars. 




 I hope it looks a bit more polished by launch 




 Oh wow, I didn't realize how advanced the Eye was. I thought it was just a tracker thing for the lightpad in the controller. It's pretty much a Kinect. That's cool. 




 Textures look rough 




 Rabbit eared cop? How about a dog nosed cop? 




 Fast   Furious 7 will surely be ten times as ridiculously awesome 




 They said that online multiplayer requires PS+, but that all disc based games would not require online in any way. 




 No, online multiplayer requires Playstation Plus. It says it right there in this video. It was also on the big screen during the presentation. 




 The script was all Goyer. Nolan's name is just there for marketing. 




 The David Fincher one would be freakin perfect  




 I think he's way better than Nolan North 




 This poster has certainly peaked my interest for this film. Do we have a trailer? 




 I dunno, the first half of that trailer seemed way too cartoonish  




 Incest 9/11 rape black people 




 Apparently there's a smaller rural airport in the north east of the map, and also a military base, which may or may not have an airstrip for jets.  




 As a half English half Australian guy I am okay with this 




 For me the Wilhelm scream only works when it's in an appropriate movie, and it seems to just suit "adventure" movies. Indiana Jones, Star Wars, The Mummy, Star Trek, Jurassic Park, Pirates of the Caribbean, and old school western style movies. The Wilhelm scream would feel fine and at home in any of those kinds of movies. Hearing it in a horror movie or serious action movie is weird to me.  




 How much would figures like this cost? 




 I am confused by its arms  




 It was pretty much all plot set up and character introductions, and I was shocked that the monster was revealed so quickly with no real scary build up or anything, but what they're setting up seems cool and has lots of potential. Plus its only issue one, and it seemed like a really short issue one at that. Can't really judge it yet. Snyder is one of my favorite writers and I trust he has some crazy shit up his sleeve, so ill definitely be reading the whole thing. 




 I'm pretty sure we've seen that gun Michael is using before, but without the sight on it. I am so excited for customization.  




 I don't know if anyone has heard of the game BC, but I was so insanely hyped for it several years ago. It was an open world caveman and dinosaurs RPG, and it was my dream game. It looked brilliantly fun and over the top and stylized and everything my young dinosaur-obsessed mind wanted from a game. But then it never came out, and it broke my heart. I've never really gotten over it.

But now this game comes along. I don't want to get too excited because it's clearly not the same and I have to be realistic in my expectations, but my god am I ever pumped for this.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BC_(video_game)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POZEB-H_k_0
http://au.gamespot.com/bc/ 




 Joaquin Phoenix, Benicio Del Toro, Reese Witherspoon, Owen Wilson, Jena Malone, Martin Short and Sean Penn

Now Josh Brolin.

What an amazing cast. I so badly need Hoffman to be the final cherry on top. There's even a character in the book he'd be perfect for.  




 That it won't eventually come out on next gen consoles. This game looks perfect to me, aside from the small graphical/technical issues that come with the game being a bit too ambitious for current gen. Things like rough textures, anti aliasing, frame rate drops and pop in are all something that we have to deal with in current gen open world games, and even though they don't ruin the game, it's a shame that it comes out so close to the release of a console that would fix those issues.

Plus I'm not sure how well they can plan to continue supporting the game with DLC and mutliplayer if everyone's off playing the new consoles. 




 I really doubt Rockstar would go that silly with it 




 Alright that sounds pretty cool  




 How would Batman survive traveling at Flash speeds? 

Also the art in this series seems to be on a steady downward trajectory...  




 What? I know. And I said I didn't miss it. 




 That happens like 4 times in the first movie  




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I remembering loving this game and thinking it was the coolest thing back in the day. 

I went back and replayed it a couple months ago.

It uh... wasn't great 




 Yusuf was by far my favourite character from GTA 4 and the episodes 




 Jekyll and Hide. It's okay. Has some really cool Two Face backstory, but tries way too hard to be dark and gritty and just ends up kinda silly, like this picture. 
Jekyll and Hide also features that scene that's been posted around of Batman kicking someone in the head while they eat ice cream. 




 I'm hoping that's a hologram or vision of his father and not the real thing. Superman speaks with his father through computer holograms/visions/in the afterlife lots of times before as we have seen, so that'd be fine, but surely they wouldn't change the mythos to make him alive, and then spoil it in a trailer 




 I play original Xbox games on my 360 just as much as I play 360 games.
Burnout 3, Destroy All Humans, Vice City, San Andreas, Psychonauts... 




 I think this is pretty spot on, but I feel like the land area at the top of the map will be a little bigger than it is here. 




 I don't know enough to decide if this is more accurate or not, but it seems that this one makes Los Santos seem a little bigger, so I like this one. 




 Most Wanted gameplay with Underground level customization will make me buy it 




 I knew the city wouldn't be HUGE, and that the map is mostly countryside and whatnot, but this is still smaller than I was expecting.  




 RDR and Max Payne had similar stuff  




 RDR had an indestructible horse and a 25% faster dead eye recharge as preorder incentives  




 Wait, did they just accidentally reveal some of the map 




 Your wife makes you sleep on the couch?

Hahaha  




 Aw man, I actually don't think I'd be able to handle a game where I could potentially get all my adorable baby badgers killed if I fuck up 




 Burnout 3! My favourite racing game of all time.

Burnout 2, Burnout Revenge and Burnout Paradise are also pretty great. 




 Wasn't the first poster for this film just a list of all the names of the pubs 




 I hope a lot of people switch over to the PS4. Not because I'm a fanboy or hate Microsoft or anything, it'll just be nice to have more friends to play the PlayStation with. 




 Whoa, we're starting to get some pretty major looking spoilers in these clips and trailers now 




 Wait... Robots?

I thought it was going to be more body snatcher alien type stuff. That's... strange.

I'm sure it'll still be great. 




 I get my posters from this site. Never had any problems  




 Do we know if Sony is doing a similar thing?
I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Does anyone know how Sony is handling this stuff? I'm assuming their games will be also installing to the Hard Drive. 
Maybe the disc itself will act as the game ownership license? Like you still install the game, but you can't play it without simply having the disc in the machine, as opposed to an online pass or key code thing. That would certainly solve the problem and make it act basically the same as physical disc games do now. 




 Agreed. It's totally a cool idea I guess, but it's not really necessary and I hope they don't spend the entire second act trying to form/repair a relationship and overcome each other's inner demons or traumatic memories. That could get way too cheesy, even for a movie as intentionally cheesy as this. 




 I'm more excited for a JJ Abrams directed Star Trek 3 than a JJ Abrams directed Star Wars 7.

His new Star Trek films are solid fun entertainment. The Star Wars franchise has been a mess for too long for me to be interested in more films 




 They don't look anything alike 














 It's purposefully cheesy though, if that makes it any better  




 Fuck you Sam was a hero  




 Meh, I didn't really like show nearly as much  




 Wank means masturbate. A wanker would be the UK/Australian equivalent of a jerk-off  




 Are the action sequences long?

Do we get to see a lot of Kaiju destroying cities and people in the ground running action or is it all Kaiju fighting Jaegers?

How's Ron Perlman?

Is it funny?

How many action set pieces are there? I've heard the big finale takes place in Hong Kong, and that's what's mostly been shown in the trailers, and then the opening action scene takes place in San Francisco. Is this accurate? Are there any more? Is there a big fight in Sydney like in the poster? 




 I always thought Incinerate was so much cooler than Devils Kiss 




 As much as the whole underwater thing is really cool, I can't actually imagine going down there too often, and I'd rather have that extra space go to a more dense detailed city and extra content. I didn't miss going underwater at all in GTA IV.  




 I've heard that the actual city of Los Santos itself is not that much bigger than GTA IV, if at all, but with all the countryside, mountains, Blaine county, underwater areas and rural towns, it adds up to 5 times the size of RDR. 3.5 times not including underwater areas. 




 That seems strange, since Pacific Rim, another film about a war against giant Kaiju monsters, also being released by Legendary Pictures, also contains a scene in which San Fran is destroyed. 




 All I want is free roam and some sort of heist mode like in Kane and Lynch 




 The only thing I'm not keen on is the weird monster design 




 This is blowing my mind 




 Obviously Kavinsky has his own radio station, so we got our awesome techno electro stuff there.

A country station is confirmed, as is a classic rock station.

I think we can assume there'll be at least one hip hop station. Maybe a classics and a newer station.

And even thought R* hasn't mentioned it Lazlow will surely return for his talk show.

News shows will surely be back as they were in GTA 4.

Radio Gaga is in there, that might be on the classic rock station. But, hopefully, the classic rock station will be a bit more 'rock'ish and Radio Gaga will be appearing on a Vice City FM type station.

There were a lot of unreleased songs for a Metal station in Lost and Damned, so hopefully we'll get some of those here.

I know R* doesn't like to repeat songs (at least to my knowledge) but I hope Free Bird shows up again.
 




 Yeah in the seconds leading up the the fence 'mystery' while the narrator is trying to sound all creepy you can clearly see the timestamp jumping around. 




 It'll end with him realizing he's fucked everything up and then going back in time to when he first met the girl and he won't use his time travel powers again, he'll just do things naturally and awkwardly and hope it all works out.

I know it. 




 Gay Tony added some really cool stuff to the radio. Primarily Vice City radio. 




 Yeah I didn't love that one  




 I don't know why you're being down voted. This is accurate. Plus at the end the entire League of Shadows is in Gotham, apparently infiltrating the police force and government, they all know Batman's identity, then at the end Batman kills Ducard and is like "Wellp, that should do it, problem solved!"

I love Batman Begins and Dark Knight, but they both have some significant holes. 




 Aw man I loved that movie. I better not ever watch it again. As I remember its basically Avatar anyway. Which I hated. 




 I thought that scene, the big 'game trail' scene with the motorbikes and jeeps, and the San Diego scene were pretty cool. The rest of the movie as a whole is just terrible. 




 It might be cool to hate on Loeb these days but he used to write some insanely good stories. Long Halloween is my favorite Batman book and its incredibly important and well received as one of the best Batman stories in the character's history. 




 Semi trailers appeared in the second trailer

http://media.gtanet.com/gallery/gta-5-trailer-two/trailer2_012.jpg 




 Meh. That felt like Burnout 3.5, and the fact that you could smash into traffic from behind and not take damage was silly and ruined the thread-the-needle fast reflexes strategy that made those games so fun. 




 Were these made by random people after reading all the recent interviews, or were these made by people who actually saw the game and saw exactly what it looked like? 




 Whoa  




 Wait I thought this guy was in space 




 This isn't Tim   Eric esque, this is just Australia 
























 It's certainly a cool and interesting premise 




 This is baffling  




 The Lovely Bone 




 She should have saluted the flag instead 




 Wasn't it thermite? They've used that on Mythbusters a couple times. 




 There are not enough videos of these sorts of cuckolding threesomes around  




 I'd be super bummed if this movie had an anti-nuclear power message 









 Neonomicon was pretty terrible 




 The expression on the skeleton makes me laugh every time. It looks like it someone surprised him with an engagement ring. 




 Doesnt look like it, but that's based on that bit of blurry dark low quality footage. 




 The planet isn't rising. The apes are. Also having "of the" appear twice in a title makes it super long and awkward.  




 Will he have time to be in Fast 7?
 




 He's clearly not wearing a mask until he gets picked up and he's wearing the very same clown make up they talk about seconds later. Unless they were all wearing blindfolds while driving or didn't even glance out the window for a split second to see the guy they're supposed to be picking up, there's no way they wouldn't have seen him as they drive up and stop next to him. 




 How did no one, including the dudes who picked him up, notice that he was the Joker? 




 My two dream Godzilla games would be a fighting game like Destroy All Monsters, but with next gen graphics and physics and all that jazz,

or

A Battlefield style game where a group of people play as soldiers in a destructible city, and one player plays as Godzilla trying to cause as much destruction as possible. 




 The movie is still almost a year away. I really think they should have released that first teaser by now, even if it was just a mood piece made before filming began, but I would expect the proper trailer to drop towards the end of the year. 




 This looks perfect. It moves and is shaped like a classic man in a suit. But bigger and scarier and more animalistic. Plus the design looks like the awesome 80s/90s design, with a bit more of a scaly dangerous dinosaur look like the 2000 design.  




 It's actually the largest Godzilla on film ever  




 It really looks like a suit 




 Sounds more like Ted to me  




 Final Wars was part of the Millenium series, even though it was mostly a love letter to the Showa series. People are already referring to the new Godzilla as "Legendary" Godzilla so chances are that name will stick.

Also it's not a suit anymore 




 That's actually pretty cool 




 Final Wars would have been so much better if the fight scenes lasted more than a minute or two 




 What about the reveal of the new Bandai figurine?  




 That's because this movie has been in and out of production for like ten years 




 This picture is very old 




 I agree. I know we all just want to see Godzilla fight monsters, but everyone knows that the best Godzilla movies are for the most part just about humans vs Godzilla. Except the 1998 American version of course but that's for a whole bunch of other reasons.

Plus we already saw massive monster fights in Pacific Rim. Seeing people getting reports of Godzilla encounters out in the ocean or on islands, slowly discovering that this mind blowing beast somehow exists and the ramifications of such a thing, and then seeing it destroy human civilization while soldiers try hopelessly to hold him back would be awesome and scary and intense and something we've never seen done properly before. Once he gets to fighting other monsters it gets a bit more fun and silly. I kinda wish they had saved the other monsters for the sequels. 




 Well it's produced by Seth MacFarlane, who is very very much an atheist, so I think we'll be fine 




 I remember being addicted to this movie as a teenager. Me and all my friends were getting our first cars and driving together out in the country, so this was like super intense at the time. It probably doesn't hold up nearly as well now but I thought it was funny and creepy and creative and scary and awesome back then. Plus Steve Zahn is always great. 




 360, but only because all my friends have Xbox. I'm switching to PS4 this Christmas and hopefully we'll get a PS4 version in the near future.  




 Way to show everyone how big and tough you are by almost getting all your friends killed 




 Does cringe count when it's intentional?

I mean it's 5sf. Also, Comic Sans. 




 The Rock. He looks like a strong sassy Latino woman. 




 Again, this is just one of many concept designs. The actual design to be used in the film has not been revealed. 




 That's the Godzilla 2000 design. The new one hasn't been revealed yet. 




 That would be pretty awesome  




 I hate the Transformers films so very very much, but the third film has a falling skyscraper sequence and a wing suit sequence that both blew me away.

Also towards the start of Dreamcatcher where they find the sick dude in the woods and he gets worse and worse and eventually dies and some mysterious creature is birthed into the toilet was super creepy and atmospheric and made me think the rest of the movie might be great. It wasn't.  




 That's just a concept design. The final hasn't been revealed yet.  




 No it isn't. This is a concept design at the Godzilla experience at Comic Con. The real design hasn't been revealed yet.   




 It's sorta tricky since the specifics of both the scale, and the actual stats of most Kaiju are sorta pulled out of nowhere most of the time. Plus Godzilla Kaiju are all usually a lot smaller than Pacific Rim Kaiju, and yet they're all way way tougher.  




 Neil Patrick Harris was in Saints Row 2. Seems like they're trying to bring back all the characters from previous games, like Ben King, old school Shaundi and whatever Keith David's character's name was 




 Just for comparison with other similar and recent destruction filled disaster/monster movies;


Pacific Rim's budget was $190M (A lot more than I had thought)

King Kong (2005) was $207M

Transformers 1 was $150M

Transformers 2 was $200M

Transformers 3 was $190M

Man of Steel was $225M

2012 was $200M

Cloverfield was $25M

Battle: Los Angeles was $75M

Battleship was $209M

GI Joe: Rise of Cobra was $175M

Armageddon was $140M

D-War was $75M (Most expensive Korean film of all time) 

Godzilla (1998) was $130M

Final Wars was $19M (The biggest budget ever for a Japanese Godzilla movie)

And Gareth Edward's Monsters was half a million bucks; $500,000
 




 I'm not sure what the exact budget for this movie will end up being, nor do I know if Gareth Edwards is experienced enough to truly create a disaster movie of this scale, but this movie really needs to turn entire cities into radioactive wastelands.
So far the poster, interviews with the creators, and the Comic-Con teaser (which I haven't actually seen) seem to be hinting at exactly this, but I'm still not convinced. The problem is, again, I think the budget for this movie is a lot smaller than most disaster films, and Gareth isn't exactly experienced in epic large scale apocalyptic disaster films. Although he is talented and certainly knows how to stretch a budget

Pacific Rim was okay for what it was, but didn't deliver as much as I had hoped in the destruction department. After how disappointingly careful and harmless the 1998 Zilla was, bafflingly so for a Roland Emmerich film, and after seeing all the destruction based marketing so far, we really need a movie that makes Man of Steel and Transformers look tame in comparison.

If they want to set themselves apart, and deliver a truly terrifying and realistic and worthwhile reimagining of Godzilla, then they need to blow people's minds by showing off what a giant angry living nuclear battleship loose in a major city can do in a way no one has ever seen before.

I mean, surely if something as large as Godzilla were to actually exist, he'd do a lot more damage just walking around than just cracking the cement and smacking down buildings. He'd be a moving earthquake generator, and each footstep would permanently destroy the earth beneath him. 

Gareth and the writers/producers certainly seem to have a deep love for the original film, and the cast is absolutely superb, I just really hope they can use CG and modern Hollywood effects to take the wanton destruction and carnage of the Japanese films, and crank it up to 11. 




 Not bad. Bit too much background noise going on for me though. I really hope they do a new version of the classic theme for this movie. Big and orchestral and epic. Based on how many references to the original there have already been already I'm sure they will.

I'm pretty disappointed that Michael Giacchino isn't doing the score. If you listen to the theme he made for Cloverfield you'll see that he would have been perfect. 




 Bryan Cranston, Aaron Taylor Johnson and Ken Watanabe 




 Looks kinda like a mix of the original Godzilla, Godzilla 2000, and GMK designs. Which is awesome and perfect in my opinion.  




 The severed hand was hanging from the steering wheel. The hand holding the button was attached to an arm that is shown coming from around a corner thing. We never see what condition the rest of the body is in. 




 Looks real pretty and potentially fun, and I'm still looking forward to seeing more, but they didn't really show anywhere near as much as I wanted. Especially for a trailer that's been hyped up for the last week as a 'gameplay' trailer.

Also I really don't like the look of his face. I get that they don't want him to look like Mel Gibson or Tom Hardy and are going for their own take on the character, but he just looks strange.

But hey, Just Cause 2 was stupid and weird and poorly acted and that was still some of the most fun I've had in a video game in a long long time. 




 The T-Rex wasn't in the cargo hold. It was in the big giant cage on the back of the boat that was all ripped open when the boat hit the dock. It went into the cargo hold after killing most of the crew and that dying crew member closed it. 




 Whoa, Kevin Bacon is in this movie?  




 Nope. I'm sure Rockstar will announce a PC/Next Gen version once everyone has already bought the current console versions 




 That would be a much much better idea 




 Vegas  




 SON 




 Have they confirmed that there will be gang hideouts? 




 I don't think military would come after you at all. These new GTA games are trying to be a little more realistic and having tanks chasing chasing a single criminal in an urban environment is pretty silly. (But very fun)
I would imagine the military won't come after you at all unless you break into the base and steal a tank or a jet. 




 Sharknado

Sharkacane

Sharkageddon

This epic trilogy must come to fruition 




 Well kiss my grits this is fantastic! 




 For me, Vice City had a better story and cast of characters, plus an awesome 80s setting that still feels incredible to step back into, but San Andreas is way more fun to play 




 I kinda really hope it stays tropical 




 Do you have a source? I really want this to be true  




 One of my favorite new features in BOGT was that after every story mission you were graded on your performance, and given stats about your accuracy, time, headshots, things like that, and then you could replay any story mission you wanted at any time to try to get better.

Imagine how much it would suck to play through an amazing mind blowing heist sequence, and then not be able to do it again. Especially now that you can upgrade your weapons and gear and personal stats, or replay it again but switching to different characters at different times. 

I don't remember for sure, but I'm pretty sure while replaying a mission in BOGT you don't earn any extra money or anything, so no need to worry about people replaying heists for bonus cash or stat upgrades.

Sure, replaying the whole game can be fun, but if you just want to replay a specific mission or show off a cool sequence to a friend, or replay a certain heist to try to get better at it, you don't want to replay the whole game and lose all your progress in the story and side missions, as well as your money and weapons and possessions. There's already a pretty much perfect mission replaying system in BOGT that they could hopefully use in GTA 5. It only adds tonnes more replay value to an already jam packed game. 




 They're not  




 Garth Ennis can be pretty hit and miss for me, and he can really write some stupid over the top schlocky juvenile bullshit sometimes, but goddamn, that line, "You gotta be one of the good guys, son. Cause there's way too many of the bad." has always stuck with me. 

Preacher is definitely my favorite comic of his. It might still have some of his typical goofy 'edgy' crap in it sometimes, but it has a hell of a lot of talent and heart behind it. 
 




 It's not one of the optional tattoos available in the store, so it's obviously a permanent part of the character. 

I'm assuming it's maybe referring to Saint Michael, plus it looks to be on a cross. But that's obviously an intentional choice, and more than just a coincidence. I just thought it was interesting. 









 I love weapon wheels, and GTA has been needing one for a while. Saints Row and RDR had it, and I'm really glad it's in.

However I kinda think the actual wheel itself looks a bit ugly and messy. 




 Doubt it. 




 Huh, I noticed the different colours during the switching in the trailer, but I didn't notice that their stats and mission markers on the map were also colour coded. Awesome. 




 He's flying the jet 




 The fact that it's an online only game makes me slightly less interested 




 The first one is a brilliant and fun and hilarious cheesy old school action adventure movie. Honestly, I think reinventing a classic Universal horror icon in the style of a classic pulp adventure serial was a perfect idea. It felt like Doc Savage Meets The Mummy. It was going for the same tone and tongue in cheek reference-filled style as Indiana Jones, and I think it nailed it. It was purposely campy and self aware, but without being too goofy or jokey. I'm not the biggest fan of Brendan Fraser, but he was great, the movie was fun, great special effects, and some genuinely creepy moments. Not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but I absolutely loved it, and still do. Very much an under appreciated movie.


The second one sucked though. It's a shame that Stephen Sommers seemingly lost his self-aware campy style after this movie and went all ridiculous and terrible. 




 Hey Malkovich, think fast!  




 I don't want characters that control like big slow trucks driving through molasses and take a couple seconds to perform simple actions like in GTA 4. 




 Everything about the characters looks perfect so far. All really likable and interesting and not complete cliches. Hell everything about the game seems perfect, aside from the whole no PC or next gen thing.


...Also that jab about an unfit guy being dead before 35 is pretty ill timed... 




 When it comes to just Godzilla movies, my personal favourites are

Godzilla (1954)

Destroy All Monsters (1968)

Godzilla - or Return of Godzilla (1984)

Godzilla vs Biollante (1989)

Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla 2 (1993)

Godzilla vs Desotroyah (1995)

Godzilla 2000 (2000)

Godzilla: Giant Monsters All Out Attack (2001)

Godzila Final Wars (2004)

I think these have the most action, most interesting Kaiju, and are just the most fun to watch. Some Godzilla movies can be super cheap and light on the Kaiju action, or just plain strange. These are all fairly simple and accessible.  




 This is so much better than the usual Pixar specific ones that keep getting posted here. Some of these I've never seen before. Super cool. 




 This is actually one of my favorite action movies. No cgi or shaky cam, just ridiculously over the top action and stunts and really funny characters. Tragically underrated.  




 That's really cool. Here in Australia movie tickets cost like 16 dollars and we don't get anything extra. This could be a really interesting new trend. 




 I feel like the gameplay trailer that's coming soon will probably be a part of the multiplayer reveal. I can't imagine Rockstar showing gameplay of the campaign before release, and since they're doing this new GTA Online thing, I think it makes sense that they'd release a gameplay video of how it all works. Maybe in the style of those RDR and Max Payne videos. 




 The weirdest for me was his family all becoming successful super rich yuppies at the end and yet they still live in the same house  




 Oh it'll be cheesy, but it won't be garbage. The cheesiness and camp is totally deliberate.  




 Even if they were planning on releasing a PC/next gen version of the game, I feel like it'd be in their best interest to act like they weren't. Then after the game has sold a bajillion copies, they'll announce the GOTY edition coming out on PC/next gen in April or something so that everyone buys it again. 




 Ah, great, thanks. That's pretty much what I figured but I'm not nearly educated enough on the subject. Thanks!  




 Was the middle east still mostly Muslim back then? I know nothing about this subject so I was just wondering if these countries were still all pretty much Islamic throughout history, and it's just a new more fundamentalist and extreme type of Islam that has taken over more recently. 




 I seem to remember this movie being announced years ago with Ryan Reynolds and The Rock, or something like that, and then it never happened 




 Yes  




 The missed punches don't show how overmatched Batman is when Bane is still reacting to the hit. Not once during the fight did I think "wow Batman is out of his league!" or "whoa Batman is finally outmatched!" I could only think "Yikes this is poorly done."

There's a big difference between being deliberately choreographed in a sloppy messy fashion to portray the characters in a certain way, and plain bad choreography where punches miss clearly by inches and the other fighter acts like he got hit,  unrealistic moves, people swing their arms nowhere near an opponent just so the other fighter can block it, obviously awkward positioning, and Bane doing a sloppy little jump spin in the middle of a fight and Batman just sort of waits to get hit.

The negative things I said about that fight weren't the point of the fight, they weren't choices by Nolan or the choreographer. They were mistakes and sloppy filmmaking and poor stunt work. 

 




 I hope the final episode of that show ends with his kids getting sick of his rambling self important narcissistic stories about what a great guy he is and they get up off the couch and beat him to death.  




 Everyone was talking about how epic and brutal the first Bane vs Batman fight was. I heard 'amazing' and 'breathtaking' a few times before seeing the movie. The lead up was basically Batman saying,  "Take me to this movie's villain so we can have a fight scene." Then there's a weird awkwardly paced build up, before Bane and Batman finally clash in a pretty averagely choreographed slow fight with lots of missed punches and cheesy moments. I usually really like Nolan movies but his fight scenes are always terrible, and DKR was one of his weakest films by far. 




 This looks pretty lame. But hopefully now Ben Schwartz might do a cameo in Always Sunny 




 This would have made this movie so much better 




 Seriously, why is this one of the top posts for this subreddit?  




 The uploader posted this in the comments section four times

"AWWWWW WTF LITTLE BITCH HACKED MY YOUTUBE AND BUT HER SHITTY PROJECT UP!!!!!!! HOW DID I DONT SEE THIS SORRY PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN BLINDED BY THIS BACK STABBIN EX FRIEND OF MINE!"

...what? 




 Totally agree. Also, Chronicle was pretty average.  




 It's funny because this post clearly proves that whoever made it has never had sex with a woman   




 Roland's last movie 2012 was like that as well. It was so tonally inconsistent that it really drove me crazy. 

There's a scene where a man tries to make up with his son over the phone after not speaking to him for years. Right as the son picks up the phone a huge earthquake hits and the father listens to his son die. Then, as the old man cries, a giant tidal wave comes and kills him and like a thousand other people. Then there's a giraffe hanging from a helicopter and John Cusack's daughter says she doesn't pee her pants anymore. 

Also, a scene where a chihuahua walks across a tightrope while a wife angrily gives her husband the finger, all to goofy cartoony music, and then the husband falls to his death while his children watch and scream.

That movie was fucking weird   




 Very very common normal word here in Australia too  




 The whole point of Die Hard was supposed to be that it wasn't a typical action hero guy like Arnie or Sly. That's why they casted a romantic comedy tv actor. Bruce only became known as an action star afterwards. If Die Hard was made today it'd be more likely to be someone like... Jeez I actually have no idea... Maybe Joe Manganiello or Gabriel Macht or Jon Hamm 




 God, yes, he totally sold me on Monster Hunter. I'd always been interested in the franchise but I'd never been able to get into it. Patrick convinced me to dive in. 




 It's not so much him not being on the podcast that I'm gonna miss. It's the attention he gives to weird crazy indie games that most other sites ignore. I'm gonna miss QuickLooks where he and Vinny explore really strange niche games that we would usually never see. 




 Yeah because throwing the grenade and then taking cover in the hole would just be silly  




 That's the most interesting thing about this. Instead of trying to think of stupid ways for people to go back to this truly doomed dinosaur island, just rewrite history so instead of going to shit on the first day of Jurassic Park, everything goes to shit after 20 years of success. 




 It's weird that you approve this 




 We could all use some more EverythingIsTerrible 




 Every time this film has been mentioned in the last two years there's always tonnes of comments from people mentioning how similar it is to Evangelion. We get it. 




 Both consoles have 8GB of RAM, but the Xbox One OS takes up 3 GB, and the PS4's OS takes up 1. So PS4 has 7GB of Ram devoted to games and Xbox One only has 5. Also PS4 uses GDDR 5 and Xbox One uses GDDR 3. Plus, PS4 is cheaper, has better exclusives, support for indie developers, no online passes, and PS Plus gives you free games every month. It's still all around a cheaper and more powerful machine.

EDIT: And a 50% more powerful GPU 




 The director Colin Trevorrow already confirmed no feathers on Twitter 
























 Playing each other  




 why 




 To be fair, the mobile phone menu system was used first in Saints Row, and worked much much better. Plus I'm prreeeetty sure the first Saints Row was the first game to use the whole circular bars filling up around the circular mini map thing that GTA 4 and tonnes of open world games now use. Maybe. 




 Oh yes! Awesome! Thank you! 




 Wow. Are we sure that first one isn't Louis Theroux? 




 Republican Space Rangers did a much better job at being a goofy political satire while actually still being a funny entertaining show. This just seemed ridiculous. 




 I really really hope the Annihilator is back  




 I find #18 very hard to believe 




 I'd rather they start a new separate sci-fi IP instead of changing GTA into something it's not 




 This is the kind of guy you hate, but kinda love to have around 




 I thought the very first series was okay. It was a pretty cool idea and had some genuinely frightening and haunting stuff beyond the shock gore-rape. All the rest is pretty terrible.  




 what the shit is a Mermantula  




 Wind effects would have been alright for flying vehicles and maybe long range weapons from tanks or jets or something, but it would get pretty annoying if simply shooting your guns or moved around you had to compensate for wind. 




 GTA 4 was about 7 square miles, San Andreas was 13 or 14 square miles. I think Red Dead Redemption was around 20?

The GTA 5 map includes underwater areas as well as the traversable landmass. 




 It was annoying, but it did feel more like an actual car radio than a wheel would 




 Samuel L Jackson and Chris Penn were both in San Andreas. Michael Madsen was in 3.

Plus if you count movies that were just written by Tarantino and directed by someone else, you got Danny Trejo, Michael Rapaport, Tom Sizemore and Dennis Hopper 




 In what way was he dickish? It seems like he'd be very anti-social. 




 Directed by Marc Webb, director of 500 Days of Summer and Amazing Spiderman 




 This is the one Xbox exclusive title I'll be  bummed about missing out on  




 The cast is great but everything looks really generic and flat.  




 Oh man you're right, that is totally the same dude. That's awesome. 




 Yeah, I totally agree with all of this, yet I loved this movie. All the things that made this movie a weird non-typical action movie with very little of the same Iron Man/Avengers/superhero movie stuff that we have seen before are exactly why I loved it. 




 You should watch the trailer for Sir Billy  









 I like how at 55 seconds in when the camera angle changes, the dog realizes it's been accidentally included in the shot and quickly leaves to avoid embarrassment  




 Huh I hadn't even heard of this movie before this. Looks good. 




 Well then I guess us Australians will never get it at all 




 Doesn't look like there's a spot for melee weapons in the new weapon wheel?  




 I never finished LOD and I never had any problems with the story  




 TBOGT was better than GTA 4 and LOD combined  




 He is the most youth-pastory looking youth-pastor of all time 




 Radio GaGa was already in the Michael trailer  




 Well I'd assume it's just a code you get with the game. Just don't enter the code. 




 This so accurately portrays my reaction to this whole train wreck  




 That was definitely footage from Red Dead Redemption 




 That guy's voice sounds suuuuper familiar

Edit: At first I thought it was Christopher McDonald, but now I think it's either H Jon Benjamin or Jason Sudekis 




 Well now I have to play that game 




 That's a pretty ugly tattoo. Well done technically, but just a bad idea. 




 Well this is Kevin Smith's Green Arrow so I guess he gets to put him wherever he wants 




 I think Vin Diesel said it takes place in Tokyo, LA and Dubai 




 Yeah she was super bland and boring 




 Donnie Darko? 




 It's already passed classification  




 Grant Morrison's Batman run is super long and crazy, so just RIP on it's own will probably be incoherent and unsatisfying. But if you want an insane and epic sprawling Batman story, it's totally worth it to pick up his entire run. It just ended last week I believe. 




 dang 




 Is this completely only on the Xbox, or is it one of those on the Xbox-first with exclusive extra content things? 




 Tom Cruise must be pissed 




 I really really liked Elysium. Didn't have as much world building or character development as I would have liked, it was a bit cheesy in parts, and the story wasn't great. But I thought it was a whole lot of fun and I was having a great time watching it. 

But I thought District 9 was very overrated and just as flawed as Elysium so I guess I'm just crazy. 




 29 isn't really true. Of course the actors in Alien knew an alien was going to burst out of John Hurts chest. Unless they somehow left it out of the script and none of the actors noticed when halfway through the scene the director yelled cut and they brought on a prosthetic body cavity and spent hours prepping the animatronics. In the making of on the special edition DVD they say they didn't know exactly how it would pop out and what it would look like, and they said they were surprised by how much blood there was.  




 The Chinese DVD of Godzilla 1984/5 has the Japanese track with English subtitles.

Pretty much all the DVDs I've found have both the dubs and the subtitles.  




 6 people think Rodan is the worst monster? Minilla and Gabera suck, and even though I love them, I can understand people not liking Mothra or Biollante or whatever, but how can you hate Rodan?  




 If it were delayed so as to be ported over to PS4, XboxOne and PC I wouldn't be AS pissed, but I'd still be pretty pissed. 




 Holy shit it stars Treat Williams 




 I was thinking of maybe getting this game to pass the time until GTA 5 comes out. Not really worth it now. 




 Pretty much any James Bond movie  




 Holy shit. Now I'm really afraid to go back and rewatch all the older Steve Oedekerk stuff I used to think was hilarious when I was a kid. Was it all this bad? And fucking terrifying?

EDIT: Oh man Biff is in this 




 Guy on the far left is the protagonist from Liberty City Stories, next to him is Claude from GTA 3. Playing the Playstation is Niko from GTA 4, and CJ from San Andreas is above him with the jetpack. The guys arm wrestling are from Vice City Stories and Lost and Damned, the guy behind them dancing with the girl is Luis from Ballad of Gay Tony. Tommy Vercetti from Vice City is chilling on the couch, guy on the far right is Michael from GTA 5, and the asian dude in the elevator is from Chinatown Wars. Trevor and Franklin are unfortunately missing from this picture. 




 Doesn't Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers show up in that scene also? 




 That took me out of the movie something fierce 




 Huh. I would have thought 32 would be more reasonable 




 What's the top gear reference? 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage list=PLCbnPrACOv8psnu68BfpYy_9ihtmhJekD v=OHrD84Y309c t=3229  




 James Marsden! 




 My favourite episode 




 Scott Derickson didn't make those movies  




 Looks like Vice City 




 I want that guy to do an AMA  




 Yeah but why are they called that  




 I thought the idea was that the Dude was really the true 'Big' Lebowski from the perspective of the story we got  




 Oh lord please let there be an Opie and Anthony radio channel with Jim Norton 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage v=XOsLZ0lSqpg t=39 




 Ninja is one half of the band Die Antwoord. They have a significantly large cameo role in this film.  




 And then find out how it got burned 




 He has two lines in this trailer 




 Well they do say they have to "tell our boys what they can and cannot blow up" so while this movie is probably concerning a particular group of men on a particular mission where they're saving art from the Nazis, it looks like they might at least acknowledge the fact that the Allies are a danger to cultural icons as well. 




 I'm gay now  




 The GiantBomb Quick Look of this game is one the funniest goddamn things on the internet. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdAW5FVj5n0 




 Looks about the same to me. 7 stations, each with about 15 or so songs.

None of them seem that great except for maybe The Mix, just for how fun and silly those songs would be to play with. 




 Holy fuck 




 I've said it before but I'll say it again. There are really not enough videos/captions of these sorts of cuckolding threesomes around. Amazing. 




 Was getting caught a part of his plan? I thought he just got caught.  




 Denzel as Malcolm, Oldman as Vicious, Blanchett as Dylan, Phoenix as Cash, and Kingsley as Gandhi are all pretty great.

The rest not so much 




 The third act sucked but the last couple minutes of the movie are awesome 




 Killing is badong  




 "Yeah you ain't never seen no shit like this! Hella dinosaurs like crazy!" 




 Mel Gibson looks like he's having a lot of fun. He might be a dick but I really like him as an actor. 

Also the voice on the phone at the start really sounds like Clooney. 




 There was an anal probe gun that anally probed people to death and made their heads explode.  




 This has been known for a while. It's called Chappie and Yolandi and Ninja from Die Antwoord are in it. They even mentioned it in a song a while ago.  




 I just realized that Robin Williams poster was a nod to the terrible film 'Jack' 




 Transformers 4? 




 I like it a lot, but I dunno, I think it's moving a little too fast. It's only a ten issue series so it might not have the time it needs to really flesh out the story.

I love the premise, I love the build up, I love the mystery, I love this huge epic storyline they're trying to craft, I love all the ideas, but whenever something really spooky or interesting or atmospheric seems to be coming, the issue either ends, or we have some monster movie horror action jammed in. I feel like this book would be perfect if it was allowed to be a little slower and more tense and restrained. 




 I bought Mortal Kombat and the uncensored Left 4 Dead 2 from the UK and they both went through customs just fine 




 As an Australian, THANK CHRIST 




 No that part is pretty normal, the fact that its going grey is not so normal 




 No way. The suit is fine for the Toho films, but it simply wouldn't work at all for modern Western Audiences. I love the suit and the miniatures, they're really fun and great to look at, but CGI can do so much more than a suit can. It can move so much more realistically and perform in a much more advanced way. For the direction the 2014 Godzilla movie is going, a suit would not work at all. CGI is the best possible way to make a serious realistic and dynamic modern Godzilla movie for a wide audience.

The problem with the 1998 Godzilla movie, wasn't the CGI, it was everything else. CGI is a great amazing tool that can do mindblowing things that couldn't be done otherwise. It's all about how you use it. 




 Chew is funny but I wouldn't put it anywhere near this level  




 I dunno it looks like a pretty good truck to me 




 Eh probably not 




 He doesn't really physically look like Rick Moranis at all, but his character in Pacific Rim was totally intentionally supposed to be Rick Moranis inspired 




 Wow, do you have any more pics of those figures, they look awesome! Where'd you get them? 

I've really been wanting to start getting some Godzilla figures recently. 




 Yeah I'm South Australian, and whenever I visit the East Coast people always think I'm English  




 Probably because you met Australians who were traveling and vacationing. There are tonnes of antisocial angry dicks here.  




 I used to have a pet kangaroo. They're huge as shit, destroy everything, and can kill you with a single kick.  




 Hey baby, why don't we take that bra ooffuuuaauunnngghh... I'm so sorry. 




 Pacific Rim Kaiju are all mostly larger, but Toho Kaiju seem way more powerful and intelligent.  




 This was the first Godzilla film I ever saw  




 When I saw it in theaters there wasn't even a chuckle throughout that whole part where they were both getting drunk. It was awkward.  




 Did he fire into the air like a stray rocket while his shoes stayed smoking on the ground?  




 I know of a lot of people who think that movie supports the views of Ed Norton's character 
























