 Almost everything by Simon Armitage is great. His poems capture an enjoyable blend of darkness and humor. 
I quite like this one:
http://m.poemhunter.com/poem/i-am-very-bothered/ 









 I think it's best to stick to an idea of a thyme scheme aabbcc can work but often it just sounds busy, maybe try other rhyme schemes but never feel like you have to be confined to it, especially in spoken word. With meter, it can be just a matter of going over it.
Good luck. 




 Happy Birthday, 1951 by Vonnegut is an amazing short story, made me feel many emotions. 


































 Thanks this, it's very helpful. I do often worry my characters fears are too similar to my own. Think this concept should help me add more range. 
 




 Yossarian and the Chaplain from Catch-22, always wondered about how the rest of their lives would go. Then I found out about Closing Time. Both wonderful novels.  




 We may go to the same Uni, I saw him read at my Uni last year too. Though I imagine he does many readings. 




 I love this poem, it's one of only a few poems I know by heart.didn't mean to memorise it but it's always stayed with me. 
























 When I finished Brave New World, I had to stop reading for a month. I was 16 at the time and it was the most impressed and ethically challenged that I had felt with any book. Trying to read other books after that experience was a little unfair so I just had to stop for a while. 




 "One bird said to Billy Pilgrim, 'Poo-tee-weet?'" 




 This has made my day. 




 I wish "Bad Motherfucker" was written on his lightsaber.
 




 The library near where I live received a donation of about 10 dark horse star wars omnibuses, when I was in high school. I still get them out and read them a couple of times a year. 
 
























 I love reading! It has always played a massive part in my life. I've been writing a lot since around the age of 15. I am now 18 and I'm editing my first novel.  A good friend of mine is editing helping me and she is overwhelmingly positive. though when I read my work, I find it hard to not compare it to the books that I love, which are always significantly better. I"m wondering if others feel this way about there writing? And if so, how do you approach these feelings? 
 




 I would say don't give up on the idea of survivors if that is what you want, it may seem that there is no way but perhaps there is  a way which will think up while you're in the shower one day. Its always ok to rewrite the ending. Also I think a less depressing kill everyone off would be something whereby everyone devoted their resources to the survival of a specific individual or everyone collectively just sits down in one another's arms and accepts their fate.  




 Thank you for your honesty. I Think this is a really great example of how a work of fiction can provoke some major change within people and their perceptions of the world.  




 My Grandfather loved Nevil Shute! I believe they exchanged letters for a small period of time in the late 50s. My grandfather was an engineer as well and would not read any other fiction. 




 For me personally it would be the novels of Aldous Huxley, Disgrace by J.M. Coetzee, and Chuck Palahniuk's Lullaby. All of these have changed the way I see the world and I find it strange, that I once had not been influenced by them. 
























