














 I was looking fairly closely but couldn't tell if one of the dwarves was a girl. If not, then I can only assume that Penny has been cut... 




 I am mad for seafood chowder after I had it at Brett's Wharf a while ago...but that place has shut down.

So now I am on the hunt for an aweome bowl of chowder. Any suggestions? 




 "The bones help," said Melisandre. "The bones remember. The strongest glamors are built of such things. A dead man's boots, a hank of hair, a bag of fingerbones." 




 After seeing a post on Facebook about organ donation, I was appalled by the sheer number of people who felt that older people do not deserve organs because they have already lived their lives. 

I got so mad when these people said things like "that's dumb, why didn't they give the organ to a younger person?"

And while I know not every can know the details of how organs are allocated, it just bothered me that so many people thought so little of the elderly and felt that the young deserved more in life.

Youth really is wasted on the young! 









 Hi guys.

I was hoping someone could help me find a pattern for an edging that would produce a similar result to [this]( http://i.imgur.com/nVDqJVm.jpg). The pic is knitted and I was hoping for a crochet equivalent.

Please and thank you! 







































 You know the one I mean. Something reminds you of this memory and you have to actively avoid remembering it to save yourself from the embarassment. 




 Most people don't care how that song you were singing in the morning was on the radio in car, or stuff like that. But I do!

Share 
























 Smell is the Sense that is closest link to your memory. There are plenty of smells that instantly make me feel great happiness or some, real sadness and I either really enjoy coming across them, or go to great lengths to avoid them.

What are yours? 


































 This is an X post, forgot to put that in title.

ver the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension (Go to Chiro, Physio AND Remedial masseuse)

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches

If it is just stress, what can I do? I take regular Me Time, exercise regularly, don't take work home with me, don't sit and fret on issues. This year I will be moving interstate but that decision is only weeks old and some of these issues have been around for a few years. 




 Over the last few years I have felt like my general well-being is in decline. My co-workers call it stress, my friends call it old-age (I'm 24!!!) and my doctor just says it is nothing. However, the more I tally up my issues, the more I think/worry most of them may have a singular cause:

Tinnitus/v. sensitive hearing 

Blurred in one eye, nearsightedness (only recently discovered- never noticed before and not brought up in childhood eye tests)

Headaches/Migraines

Neck pain/severe muscle tension

Forgetfulness (short term, things slip away quickly)

Twitches/muscle spasms 

Twitching eye 

Heart palpatations w adrenaline rush

Slightly enlarged optic nerve in right eye

Boughts of vertigo/dizziness/ ground feels like it is moving

Occasional insomnia (who doesn't get this, but i thought I would include it)

Fatigue

Lately, lack of enthusiasm for even fun activities


Bronchial cough

Short of breath

(Diagnosed with Stress-Related asthma. but as I lie here in bed, relaxing, I am short of breath, sooo....?)

I know some of these are general and vague problems that millions of people also deal with. I don't want a wild, obscure internet diagnosis, I just want to know whether, as Doctors, you would find these symptoms cause for concern. If so, I will push my GP to paying closer attention.

Further background: 24yo F Healthy weight, eats well, exercises regularly, normal blood pressure, previously noted 'slightly high' heart rate like I was nervous whilst getting tested (didn't feel nervous), no abnormal blood tests save for a single one with low blood proteins (retest was normal, ?lab error). Medication: The Pill and regular paracetamol for headaches 

















































 I just left a $2000 tube of reagent on the counter in my lab over the weekend, ruining it.

Beat that.

Edit: This is great! When I eventually get yelled at by the boss, I can just show her this and tell her life isn't that bad! 




 A conversation between my husband and I last night.

Husband: Hey train_subject889, remember the promise you made that you wouldn't let your crochet take over the house?

Me: Yeah...

Husband: Well, you broke it 



















 My hubby is Pats mad. He has been following them since he was little, despite none of his family having any interest in the game. He just watched them play one day and hasn't stop watching since.

We are travelling to America in October this year and although there are many things on our to-do list, the whole trip will be based around us getting to Boston amd seeing a Pats home game.

Now, hubby will have his bday while we are over there, so I am hoping to find some sort of 'special experience' tickets to surprise him with. I'm thinking VIP box, stadium tour, anything like that. Hell, if I can somehow get him in the same room as Tom Brady, he would probably pass out with joy.

So, can anyone help me? Point me in the direction of a place I can get this? Or even just tell me if it is possible/affordable?

Thanks! 




 http://i.imgur.com/uEcQCFI.jpg

I bought 7 x 50g balls just because they were on sale for $1.20 but now I don't know what to do with it.

It is gorgeously soft and slippery and feels magic against my skin, so I was hoping to make something like a jumper or shawl. But I haven't found any pattern that would work with the glossy, slippery nature of the yarn.

Suggestions? 




 Once or twice a week I sit next to a lady on the train who is an avid crocheter, like me. We first spoke when she complimented me on my amugurumi kitty I was working on. Over the weeks we have had great chats, discussing our favourite yarn brands, the best stitches and new patterns we have found. I look forward to my train trips now and enjoy our chats immensely.

This morning, the nice lady delivered on a promise I hadn't really expected her to keep and gave me a bag full of cashmere yarns with the condition that I make another kitty out of it just so she could see how it turned out.

I was very thankful and happy that someone would be so friendly and giving to a complete stranger, without expecting anything in return. 

Crocheters really are the nicest people! 












































 Today I suffered some major embarrassment. Please help me realise that other people have it worse than me! 








































































































 Yeah, protesting out the front of corrupt government building is cool and all, but what about us unsung heroes?

What is your mundane protest? 



























































 Everybody else is cool, calm and collected doing these tasks, meanwhile you are blowing your lid because... 




 My step brother is interested in signing up for a business opportunity provided by a company called Vemma. The model is based on sales of healthy products supplied by the company as well as membership sign up.

 You have to pay to recieve the product and then your sales numbers and how many people you get to join equate to an income. They aren't talking huge dollars for the most part but it seems a little too easy.

It has been labelled a pyramid scheme, and I am not certain but I can see why it would be called that. [This]( http://yprzone.com/) is their website and [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtSmuX9ID5o feature=youtube_gdata_player) is their video.

Does anyone know anything about them? Have any horror or success stories? 

























































































 And once you know it is unchangable...no avoiding it.

No suicide, that's cheating! 





























 Hi guys! I am making a 12x12 granny square quilt. I am 56 squares in and still undecided about how I will join them all together.

I have narrowed it down to two techniques:

The [slip stitch]( http://attic24.typepad.com/weblog/joining-granny-sqaures.html) method

Or the [invisible stitch]( http://doyoumindifiknit.typepad.com/do_you_mind_if_i_knit/2010/02/joining-up-with-an-invisible-stitch.html) method.

So I am wondering if there is anyone out there who has used either/both of these methods who can give me some pros and cons. I dont mind that the slip stich is visible from the back but I do mind if i get unsightly ridges or awkward edges at the front.

[Here]( http://imgur.com/Vx1xfsr) is a pic of my progress :) 





























 You know who I mean. That one celebrity everyone hates that you think is smokin hot. You can't bring yourself to admit your nasty feelings to your friends, so tell Reddit instead. No judgement here, friend. 














 I am very new to crocheting and after bravely setting out to make a nice throw using 12ply yarn, I quickly discovered I was out of my depth. My throw started as a scarf, but I found it was too stiff with the 12ply so I carried on widening it, making a throw. 

I went out and bought heaps of the yarn I was using so I didn't run out, thinking I was a genius for stockpiling it.

But halfway through I realised my throw was just as stiff as my scarf...so I unravelled it.

Now, I am stuck with about 5 HUGE balls of purple 12ply yarn and neither the skills nor the knowledge to turn it into something useful.

So can anyone help me out with suggestions for a basic pattern I can use to get rid of all this yarn? Everything I try seems too intricate for it's thickness, or requires various colours when all I have is the purple... 






















































 Sure, what she did was hard, no denying that and attention on women's health is usually a good thing. But the media needs to stop glorifying sick celebrities. It portrays them as the benchmarks and 'poster-children' for a disease when, as wealthy and famous individuals with access to almost endless medical resources, they are in the best possible position while sick. 

Common people, like struggling single mothers and embattled pensioners have more reason to be called inspirations than celebrities. 

Furthermore, the media lauding these famous people as inspirations creates unrealistic expectations for normal people coping with the same situations. 












































 Personally, I always had an image of Ginny in my head that looked just like this:

http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120326220605/disney/images/7/76/Goofy-disneyscreencaps_com-1634.jpg 














 I just moved states and I want to get back into playing netball.

I live in Croydon, so would like a team near there. Any night suits. I am of average skill and fitness, in it just for fun :) 














 I just moved into a new house and I now have a whole cupboard just for crochet! 
It is a double-door wardrobe, with only a shelf up top and no cross beam for hanging, so I need to fit it out myself.

So, show off your organisational skillz here people! I wanna see inside your cupboards and get some ideas :) 


































 What odd thing do you waste your money and time on, and can I learn how to do it? 



















 I keep seeing happy predictions, but more often it is the dark things that we remember more. 

Who is going to be the next celebrity death?

Do you expect another attack on the West?

Who will go to war?

We will probably all end up on a list somewhere, but I am genuinely interested in what the pessimists think.

Edit: and by this, I mean next year, which for us Aussies is tonight 
































































 You've said "omg lawlz" so many times now, its no longer an insult and now you can't stop! 




 Not the big romantic gestures or anything. The mundane, the rediculous, the nonsensical. 
























 I have taken to just saying "sneeze". They get their acknowledgement of bodily function, I don't have to bless them 














 The ridiculous, the redneck, the offensive, what are the worst names a parent of your country could call a child?

I wanna know what is the Chinese version of LaSquisha, the Indian version of Apple, and so on.

Also, who are your 'Chad' and 'Erins'? 









 I figured out how to create a sub, and then promptly made one just for the craftspeople of Melbourne. 

So head on over to /r/MelbourneCrafters for tips, patterns, meetups, etc.

Get posting and enjoy! 




 Y'all know what to do. Post, share, chat and craft! 




 New to Melbourne, I recently had to give up my regular Stitch 'n Bitch crochet circle...so I am looking to make a new one!

I am thinking that a city park would be a great meet-point as it will be a sunny 28 on Sunday. I will be temporarily at Camberwell (usually in Croydon) but don't really know the area, so I am open to suggestions. If we were to make it a regular thing, we would need to decide on a more permanent spot.

So is anyone keen? I don't mind if you are a bare beginner, as I have taught a few of my friends before. I am just looking to enjoy the great company of fellow hookers :P

Me: 25 f, Scientist, crocheting for 2 years


1:30pm Fitzroy Gardens. Bring blanket, tools and snacks if you want. We will meet at the south east corner and find a spot from there :)

Edit: Look for the girl on the blue blanket! 









 http://i.imgur.com/T5VECQu.jpg

The girl and her arm on the righr are ruining this picture. It's not an important pic, but I'd like it if someone wanted to challenge themselves and give it a go! :)

Extra pics to help with my shirt pattern?

http://imgur.com/a9qur2C

http://imgur.com/MG31wG0 









 I just moved to Victoria from Queensland, and bought a house out at Croydon. In the meantime, I am staying with family at Ringwood.

Locals keep suggesting that Ringwood and Croydon are unsavory areas, which confuses me, as they seem lovely.

I am starting to think these people don't have a good grasp on what mkes somewhere truly scummy. 

These people need to go on up to QLD; spend some time at Sunshine, Caboolture or Nambour stations THEN talk to me about scum.

Am I wrong here? 









 Today is my first day exploring the city after moving here from QLD. I am at Flinders St station and need suggestions for lunch!

Any food type, so long as it is tasty. Probably would prefer to sit and eat. 




 Yesterday we arrived after driving all the way from Brissy. 

I am exhausted now, but once I am feeling human again I will want to start enjoying this fab city. Currently, I am based in Ringwood, but will move soon with plans to buy in the same area.

If anyone has any general advice, offers of friendship or suggestions of cool places, I'd love to hear them! I need some friends, a gym, a hobby, sports, all the stuff I left behind.

I am a 24, female Medical Scientist. I love books, bike rides, fashion, tasty sweets, netball and crochet. I am chatty and energetic, love going shopping, and am always good for a conversation. 

Has anyone got a casual netball team they need players for?

Or a crochet circle that needs another hooker?

Can't wait to start enjoying my new home! 














 Married to single?

Childless to parent?

Jobless bum to multimillionaire?

What has changed for you? 














 I know most people I talk to say that everything is different once you have your own kids, but I want to see if there are any ladies for whom this did not happen.

I just am starting to think about having kids soon but worry about my almost complete disinterest in almost every child I meet. I love my neices enough to spend large amounts of time with them, but they are the only exception and I am usually very relieved to return them to their mum afterwards.

I know women are meant to be all maternal and stuff, but I just worry that I haven't got what it takes. 

Has anyone else been in this situation but had kids anyway? Did it change?

Sorry, if this is the wrong place to ask this. 














 There is that one customer that will always haunt your dreams. Be it because of pure gross factor, scariness, annoying behaviour or just hilariously angry 



















 We all have them and I love hearing about the quirky little things minds do to keep occupied. 









 I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project.
A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.

As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"

I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.

At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter. Why couldn't I not do carpentry as a trade and still know what I was doing?

But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.

It is something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. I appreciated him for seeing me as woman, not a wife/girlfriend, and one who was perfectly capable of doing a "man's trade". 




 I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project.
A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.

As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"

I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.

At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter.

But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.

Something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. 




 Hi Docs.

About a year or two ago I suddenly developed tinnitus. I was lying down in bed one night and my ears were roaring like I had just been to a concert. It was sudden, with my night before being normal and quiet. No injury or event happened that day as far as I can recall.

And it never went away.

Every night my ears roar and it makes it difficult to sleep because the world isn't silent.

During the day I get sporadic bursts of ringing/deafness in one ear. Sometimes it is so high pitched it causes me pain.

But lately something has changed. I hear noises that aren't there. It is most apparent when I am at work, late at night on a Call In and no one else is around.

I hear phones ringing, footsteps, doors closing and the distinctive tinkle of a bell that one lady likes to wear on her keys.

I brought it up at work once and everyone looked at me like I was crazy. I thought it was just my brain filling in the silence and figured it was normal.

So, is it normal? Do I reason to be concerned?

24 f Healthy weight, no medications aside from an Implanon which is a very recent change (2-3 months), non smoker, no other health issues 




 What do you have to deal with on a day-to-day basis that you are sure isn't a concern for the general population. 

I am interested in seeing what others have to overcome daily so I might better appreciate my lucky lot in life.

Edit: I am indeed very lucky to have what I have, or not have what others have. Thanks for sharing! 




 I have lived in QLD my whole life, but my husband is a Melbournite through and through. 

After living in Queensland for 6 years, he was keen to move back home and I have happily agreed. Goodbye Brisbane, Hello Melbourne. More specifically, NorthEastern suburbian Melbourne.

We make the move in a month and while I am moving with a local, one who knows a lot of ins and outs, I am keen to learn as much as I can for myself. Good cafes, crap suburbs, best hairdressers, etc.

So, sell yourself to me Melbourne, you minx. 









 Other mythologicl creatures to play a part in the final books?

Last night I had a bitchin dream that when Dany came to Westeros astride her dragon, with her two riders by her side, they were met in the air by Aegon and Co riding griffins. Awesome aerial battle ensued.

Now, we know dragons exist, giants, ice spiders and possibly unicorns do too but what other creatures could we plausibly expect to see, and do we really think that any of them would have a play in the final battles?

Be as tinfoilly as you want, I am just kicking around the Ideas Ball. 



















 Ok, so I was playing social netball tonight and we were losing. Normally, I don't care a whole lot about the score because I am in it for the fitness but tonight, it was bothering me. I was getting frustrated that the ref was making a lot of petty calls against our team and ignoring them when the other team did the same thing. On top of this, their centre was constantly getting in my girls' faces and contacting them subtly so the stupid ref couldn't see.

I got sick of it, so I started sticking to her like glue. Wherever she went, I was on her. She started getting irate. Then, when I had my back to her trying to block her, she bumped against me to obviously draw a foul against me. Ref didn't see, so I bumped back.

She responded by slapping me *hard* on the arse!

I was like "wtf did you just slap me on the butt?!"

She denied it, of course. I pressed and said she did. Then she said it was an accident. The ref took her side and said it was just a general contact; part of the play. 

I spun on him and said "I know what a fucking slap on the arse feels like!"

 He threatened to send me off the court, to which I said "fine, if she goes!"

She wouldn't go and wouldn't admit anything. I called her out on her physical playing and she just stared. The ref was weak and once I showed him I wasn't getting off the court he just told the girl to apologise...which she wouldn't.

The whole situation ended with me just telling them to continue playing. The ref, the idiot, didn't try to resolve the issue and just allowed play to continue.

Later, when I looked at my cheeks, sure enough, there was a big red hand print. 
 
The whole thing made me a lot madder than it should have, but I just couldn't believe she had the nerve to deny it, then to say it was an accident and than have the ref take her side. Like I said, I know when I have been slapped! Don't tell me what I felt!


I know this is petty and juvenile and not worth reading probably, but I just needed to vent and this seemed like the place to do it.

If you read it, thanks and I'm sorry for a probably boring story 














 The post that got me an invite to this sub:

Plumber's quote to fix the toilet: $140

Buying the parts and doing it myself: $30

Enjoying the look on the plumbing shop guy's face when he realises I am a woman who actually knows what she is talking about: Priceless 




 Plumber's quote to fix the toilet: $140

Buying the parts and doing it myself: $30

Enjoying the look on the plumbing shop guy's face when he realises I am a woman who actually knows what she is talking about: Priceless 




 I don't want to hear about your Vietnamese love child, or the body buried in your backyard.

I want to know the boring, seemingly inconsequential secrets that you simply *must* keep. And why.

Edit: Ok, I get this is "real life" too...but you know what I mean 














 I am talking about the one celebrity each of you have agreed upon that if they came up to you and wanted to hook up, you are allowed a free pass to do so.

No jealousy, no divorce, no questions.

Edit: I guess I am in a minority of people who enjoy having silly conversations like this with my husband. 














 For my hubbys bday, I want to give him a piece of art featuring our two dogs. 

Can anyone recommend a local artist who can help me out. I am not looking for a Da Vinci and I want to keep it about $100 or under.

Thanks! 




 What is your bread-and-butter microscope view?

Share some pics of what you spend all your time and energy looking for each day 




 Like, those strawberry lollies that you just can't find in stores. Where do these mysterious items come from?! 




 And I can't believe it took me 24 years to watch it!!!

What a mastetpiece! It truly is a classic, in all senses of the word. The costumes, the sets, the music and Vivian Leigh!!! She floored me. She is so beautiful and powerful in that role. It made me so happy to have Scarlett as my namesake. She isn't nice, she isn't selfless...but she is *strong* and determined to have what she wants, and that made me love her. Yes, she was a fool when it came to love, but I guess that is what love does to us. It can make a fool of even the strongest of people.

The movie was an emotional rollercoaster and I loved every moment of it.

I stayed up til midnight to watch it and will be tired tomorrow but, frankly my dear, I don't give a damn. 









 I haven't felt truly impressed in a while, so give it your best shot 



















 I am making a little monkey for a friend and I want to make a little bend in his legs so he can sit on edges on things. I dont really want 90, just a slight bend.

Any ideas on how can I do this without making two legs pieces and sewing them together? 




 Everyone in the world has one, I am sure of it, they just have to find them.

Who has found theirs? Were they cooler than you? How did you find them? 




 Not to judge or critique people's work, really. I just want to see what people have to share :) 









 As a book reader, I knew Sansa's mockingbird transformation was on the cards, so it felt nice and natural to me. 

Although, I have the benefit of having her inner dialogue in my memory to supplement the scenes in the show.

So, tell me, did it feel natural to you? Was her badass transformation expected or did it feel contrived in any way? There was only really a few minutes of actual screentime between Meek Sansa and Badass Sansa, so I wonder if that was enough... 




 I only discovered this sub yesterday, so forgive me if this has been asked before.

In my early teens I began writing a fantasy story that, I felt, had great potential. Unfortunately life got in the way and I have ignored it for a long time. I want to get back into it, but upon reread, some aspects seem a bit contrived and...well, cliche.

What are some top topics, character traits, plots, etc that I really should avoid if I want to write a fresh fantasy? 









 I am captain of an amateur women's netball team called the Mix-Ups and we are in need of some players.

We play every monday night at Toombul Indoor Centre with games starting between 6:00 - 8:15pm. 

It isn't a high-skill competition and we are all just in it for the exercise. Your skills can be old, rusty or non-existant; we don't mind as long as you have the enthusiasm!

Games are $14 each and that covers court hire, ref hire and sports insurance.

If you are keen, we have a game on monday night at 6pm. No commitment required. Just have a try and see if you like it :) 









 Who feels a sense of...emptiness after finishing a comissioned project?

It's like, "What do I do now?" 









 You don't get dust bunnies in your house...

you get yarn bunnies. 
























 Sometimes changes for the good are the one of the reasons we love our SO, but I also want to hear the bad changes too. 














 It tries to sound like a love song but it just comes off as creepy 




 Let the peer psycho-analysis begin! 
























 I like hearing the stories people have about small inanimate objects that show why they mean so much 




 Get it off your chest. We can stress about our burdens together :) 









 Hey Docs.

For a few years now I was under the impression that I had asthma. A doc in uni diagnosed me even after a few inconclusive tests (normal blood O2, good lung capacity, no lesuons in chest x-ray, no wheezing).

 I do have low stamina for cardio, I get short of breath at times when it really doesn't seem like I should ( laying down for bed, watching TV) and I have had two 'attacks' (both while doing exercise). A puffer helps but I don't feel immediate relief, it usually takes a while.

It has gotten to the point where I am almost always short of breath and have to make an effort to take a good deep breath. I rarely feel satisfied after a yawn and I find myself trying desperately to suck in a little bit more air just to feel like I have enough.

It is really starting to get to me and I have spoken to a GP and he says it is psychological and I am just getting myself worked up which makes it worse. Is he right?

Extra info:

24yo, female, healthy weight, good diet, exercise regularly, non-smoker, no bad habits, no allergies or other ailments. Only medication is the Pill. Live in a small city on the outskirts, minimal pollution 




 No Spoilers, to be safe.

For my birthday this year, I asked my dad for the Game of Thrones bookset. 

My father is a wonderful man, but has sometimes given me reasons to question his judgement...or at least his thought processes.

 One Christmas I wanted a copy of The Da Vinci Code that had all the pictures of the churches in it (I love Roman architecture). He couldn't find it, so he gave me a book of Da Vinci's writings and drawings.

Close enough.

Another year I asked for a hammock. I told him specifically the one I wanted and where to get it. He got me one completely different and not really what I was hoping for, but it had stripes like the one I pointed out so I just didn't have the heart to fault him on it.

One time, just randomly he bought me a spellbook. I have no idea why, it wasn't my birthday. To this day I have never read it.

Anyway, all of these things have been funny little events that lead to me possessing things I never thought I would, and me appreciating my dad just for the effort he puts in.


But this birthday, I was serious. I wanted that bookset. I needed it. So, I gave my dad very clear instructions. I told him Game of Thrones bookset. It is *this* big, *this* much money and you can buy it from *this* shop.

Noticed my mistake yet?

So my poor dad went off in search of The Game of Thrones bookset. He went to the shop and looked around. He looked and looked and looked. Finally, after what he said was about half an hour he gave up. He headed over to a table in middle of the shop. He picked up a big set of books and took a quick glance at the back. 

Dragons, knights, Queens and intrigue.

"This sounds like something YoureNotaGenius would read, I will get her this seeing as I can't find what she wants." And so he did.

Fast forward to my birthday and as I opened my present I noticed a look of apprehension my dad's face. I shrugged it off and kept opening.

I must have missed the look of confusion he surely would have had afterwards when I jumped up and gave him a hug, crying "Oh dad, it is *perfect*! Just what I wanted. Thank you so much!"

He finally got one right, and that was purely by chance. 
























 I am part of a ladies netball team that plays every monday and we are in need of enthusiastic -if not particularly skilled- players.

$14 a game. 
Toombul Indoor Centre.
Games usually between 6:45-8:30

No strong commitment necessary, just play when you can. 

















































 It is so humbling to have the parents of these kids think so much of our handmade gifts to bury their children with them. 

Thank you for sharing your story! It is both heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time 




 I did stop! Somwonw else must be doing it :P

Best wishes for your nephew and I hope he gets well soon. Amigarumi toys make the best gifts! And they are easier than yiu would think. I only learnt to crochet about 2 years ago 




 I love crochet squids! I think one of those is going to be my next little project 




 Thanks. Keeping my fingers crossed fpr your niece 




 I am so sorry about your sister. But it is wonderful for you to spend your time making gifts that come from the heart for people in those situations 




 Thank you. I hopw your little one is doing OK now 




 What a heartbreaking story! Thanks for sharing. I hope that teddy brings you nothing but good memories and I am sure your sister would appreciate the blanket more knowing its origins 




 Sorry, I'll stop chopping them... 




 I'm sorry for the feels, but thank you :) 




 If only he had the chance to be loved to pieces :(

But I am sorry for the emotion avalanche. I just wanted to put this story out there and share it with people who truly understand 




 Thank you :)  




 Thanks :) 




 Man, I cried just writing this. It has been a hard couple of weeks. But things like this that I can think about make it a little easier. He was so adorable, and I am not biased at all! http://i.imgur.com/SfIHGvT.jpg 




 What's the rent like? 




 Earlier in the year I made an elephant for my newborn nephew. He was hands down the best amigarumi I had ever done: http://imgur.com/a/Sz1zZ.

My Sister in Law and her husband loved him and they were sure that as he grew up, my nephew would love him too.

However, my nephew was not a healthy baby. He was born with a very rare congenital bowel defect and was whisked off to intensive care the moment he was born. A few days after he came into the world, my husband and I met our newest family member and I was so excited to give him his little elephant. His mother gave him pride-of-place in my nephew's crib, nestled amongst the tubes and monitor wires near his tiny head.

It was such a bittersweet sight, seeing my tiny nephew railing himself against the defect he was born with whilst cuddling with a toy that I made so lovingly for him.

Unfortunately, like many stories, this one turned more bitter than sweet in the end.

After a heroic 6 week long struggle for life, my nephew passed away. His parents were with him...and so was his elephant. 

The funeral was heartbreaking. My nephew's coffin was so tiny, and looked even smaller in my brother-in-laws arms as he carried it into the chapel. I almost couldn't bear it...until my sister in law told me not to worry, because his elephant was in there with him. 

He loved his elephant, she told me, and he will be taking it with him into the next world. She asked if I was ok with that, and through my tears I was able to tell her that nothing would cheer me up more than knowing he wasn't alone in there. I made that elephant for him, no matter what.

My nephew was cremated the next day with his little elephant by his side. Although we are all now left with a gaping hole in our lives, I have at least found comfort in knowing that our special little fighter had something soft and loving with him til the end.


Sorry for the feel trip guys, but I just wanted to share this story with people I knew would appreciate it and understand.


Edit: Thanks everyone for your kind words. The pain of losing him hasn't lessened over time, but I am getting better at handling it. Bonus pic of my nephew telling us all to live with peace in our hearts: http://imgur.com/fsDnE65 




 *their? 









 And his wife? 




 Given the choice, I would rather not watch football, talk about fishing or play Xbox. But my husband enjoys those things, so I got involved with them too
 I picked a football team to follow, I got a fishing rod of my own and I learnt how to play COD. I do those things so I could spend time with him while doing them. I understand that this isn't realistic for all couples, but I just feel like if a partner has to lie or decieve the other one in order to find the time to do something they enjoy then there is a problem.

If I found out my husband was doing something like this (I am making the assumption that the wife knows nothing here) I would be disappointed in myself for being the type of wife that needs to be lied to. 




 Thank goodness. I thought I was doing it wrong there for a sec. I was thinking I would have to start forbidding gaming, withholding blowjobs and complaining about sports 




 Am I a strange wife for letting my husband play computer games if he wants? Unless we have plans to do things together, I don't care if he sits there and plays them. I am usually off playing one myself, or sitting there crocheting and watching him play 




 Damn! Imagine if this was an Olympic event! 




 Poo. 




 I just moved to Melbourne recently and I get the vibe that Flinder's St Station is seen as a major icon of the city, but to me it just isn't at the standard I expected. If it looked like that proposed design, it would be a splendid icon. It would be awesome and people would probably see it in the same light at the Opera House and flock to see it.

That being said, I would really rather not have to have a system where every now and then it takes me 3 hours to get home.  




 Man, look at that shitty photoshop. The river has never been that blue! At least make it realistic! 




 Instead, lift your knees a little by going up onto the balls of your feet while you sit. Not the same as squatting, but you'll have less broken rims 




 Digust is my spirit anim-....feeling?...little emotion person 




 Holy shit, that is so satisfying to look at 




 Am I the only one who doesn't piss my pants at the sight of spiders? 

This thing is adorable! Look at him dance! He he he  




 FreddyFeel*Bad*! 




 That is the type of yawn/stretch combo that leaves you thinking "hell yeah...that was a good one." 




 Warning though: Give your machine a rinse with vinegar before washing clothes with it. It gets soap scum off your barrel really well...and right onto your clothes 




 I have heard vinegar works well 




 How about this picture of a goat in a Christmas hat?

http://i.imgur.com/1PqRYqc.jpg 




 Just greener 









 Hey I totally agree...it sucks. But mine was actually a health issue. I was constantly getting painful, somwtimes infected ingrown hairs. I tried EVERY trick in the book: shaving, waxing, trimming, oils, creams, oitments with no relief.

It was also a source of constant embarrassment for me, so me paying that much money was 100% worth it. It has given me so much confidence. I can actually wear a bikini now!!!

I would also like to point out that laser is permanent. i will never have to wax agaim. That is $40 month for the rest of my life saved right there 




 I saw results after 1 session. I am now 3 sessions in and i have gone from shaving once a day and still having stubble to shaving once a week IF I remember. The hair is now light and wispy. 

I was one of those people who was a perfect candidate: dark hair, light skin, quick growing hair, so my results were bound to be good. 

I also got my bikini done which was the same story of coarse, dark hair and sensitive skin. I hadn't worn a bikini without boardshorts EVER but now, I am so happy to strut it.

All up I paid $740 for a years worth of treatment for both under arm and bikini, and with it only halfway done I am already feeling like it was worth every penny 




 I know this is probably not the kind of answer you are looking for, but I had terrible problems with shaving under my arms. My skin got so irritated, it got really pigmented and scarred.

So I got lazer hair removal and it is hands down the best decision I ever made. I am 6 months in, my skin is smooth, healing and I am no longer ashamed of lifting my arms in public.

100% recommend it! 

Plus, the price may seem steep at first but there are groupons available, payment plans, ete 




 I'm in Croydon South...it is pretty nice here :/  




 Meh. I'm a bookreader 




 I would still like to stretch them out over time. Why blow your load in one night when you can make the joy stretch out over weeks and weeks? 




 I decided to watch the first ep, but wait for the next 3. Otherwise I am just dooming myself to a month long wait for ep 5 




 Thith ith tho thoothing 




 Fun fact! 

I worked in a lab that helped Frazer out with his work. He (or his team) were sloppy at labelling samples and it was my job to go through our liquid nitrogen storage tank and toss out the 20+ year old samples of his that were inappropriately labelled.

Somehow I felt like I was destroying a part of history...but he was never coming back for them, so it had to be done. 




 I once had a whole carload of them come to our rural, quiet property....on Easter Sunday!....to try to preach to us. I had to run out and shoo them away before my dad could get to them because if he dealt with them it would not have been pretty. 




 My dad answered the door naked once.

He was never bothered again. 









 So let it faaaaaalllll 









 It was sold in a gaming store called EB Games here in Australia.  




 SO last year 




 It is the back of a notepad. No bacon :( 




 Here in Australia we have The Blue Mountains, The Snowy Mountains and the Great Dividing Range.

Imagination isn't too popular here either.

Oh, and let's not forget Mt Disappoinment! 




 Everytime I read it while taking a sip it makes me a little sad that I am at work and not at home playing video game 









 I work in a Histocompatibility lab! It reay is super fascinating and you would not believe the amount of people and effort that goes into each transplant 




 My husband and I split our chores 50/50. I appreciate him, he appreciates me. simple, really.

I also can't help but think that the "she leaves her family for you, moves in with you" is utter crap. Unless you live with his parents, he did the same thing! 




 Nope. 




 Lucy.

I was convinced the movie was about some poor girl taken in by a mad scientist and turned into a crazy assassin for a sick experiment.

Instead I got to see warthogs doin it. 




 Period pain. Light exercise always helps me 




 My 6 week old newphew passed away 2 weeks ago.

Definitely that. 




 Still not Facebook 




 \#repost 




 Gone Girl 




 He was probably asleep during them... 




 Titanic 2 




 I just don't get what this post is trying to achieve. Firstly, this isn't the 50's, women don't "give up everything" for their man, and secondly, who is saying that men aren't appreciative? It just seems like stirring up crap with no actual reason for it.

http://i.imgur.com/jMBbIt2.jpg

Sorry for screenshot! 




 I could almost guarantee no one would give a crap if this was in Australia 




 Same here!!! I had no clue til I found this sub.

And just look at me now, Ma! Moving up in the world!! 




 I haven't blocked any blankets I have made, but I do give them a wash before gifting them and that seems to be enough 




 Actually this pattern was only worked in rows, so I am not sure! 




 This took a lot less effort than you think. I wet the doily then laid out a towel on my carpet and pinned it down. Waited a day then voila!  




 Also made it heaps bigger! :D 




 Thanks :) 




 If it is still in packaging, I would think a hospital would take it? I dunno.

I want to say an orphanage...but I actually don't even know if they exist anymore 




 The cat got a new dog bed

FTFY 









 It is corner to corner box stitch. 
The yarns are just a collection of soft acrylic DKs I had stashed in my cupboard...all the cards are thrown out now sorry :/

Also, thanks :) 









 No, Vic 




 Opening round of the AFL, Lunar eclipse and half the country is out bush, Easter camping...you have no hope! 




 My friend posted this pic she took while bushwalking today. [Relevent?]( http://imgur.com/W20gfzz) 




 I am using a combo of DK yarns from my local craft store. I just grabbed whatever felt soft and was in the right colours. The stitch is a Corner to Corner Box stitch. I posted a pic of what it actually looks like from afar.

I am not using any specific pattern tho 




 Ha ha! Completely reasonable...and useful! 




 Fun Fact: We have a footballer here in Aus called Karmichael Hunt. I am sure he cops it a lot 




 Hey! That looks great. Still haven't got around to blocking mine yet :/

I didn't mention in my post but I also modded the last row coz I was running out of cotton! 




 Pineapple doily? 




 It is deceptive. It is a corner to corner block, taken diagonally.

http://i.imgur.com/543SSPL.jpg 




 I know! I tried so hard to take a straight pic but it is draped across a pillow and I was too lazy to get up and put it on a flat surface.

Tell your OCD I am sorry 









 That sub is incredible! Just look at all those happy people, so clearly thrilled to have finally found themselves. 









 Ha! Burn! 




 /r/beforeNafteradoption would love this! 




 ... 




 Littermates 




 Goddammit! You mock the guy ONCE in a text and your phone remembers his name and autospells it out to make you look like a damn fool!!!

Sorry people! I really don't like him at all 




 Because I'm feeling particularly self-righteous this evening, I wrote an email to the local prosecutor named on the docket for this case. And because posting it publicly makes me feel more important, here it is:


I love your honesty. 

Also, thumbs up on the letter. I feel the same as you when faced with something as ~~ludacris~~ ludicrous (I'm so sorry!) as this; overwhelmed with the burning desire to get involved 




 Ok, I imagined it...now what? 




 I joined somewhere around then too. Was so confused 




 [Oh what a difference a day makes]( http://i.imgur.com/ZOGRL45.jpg) 




 :) 









 Got a pic? 




 Corner to Corner Box stitch. Super easy and quick! I have since added 3 more colours, all greens 




 I am hoping I can ride the wave until at least it is big enough to be a shawl. Also, thanks :) 




 Was thinking of making it a blanket but that could change over time :P 

Deends on how quickly the new project feeling wears off 




 Yep :) 









 That was fun to read 




 This cat is more famous than I will ever be and all he had to do was be adorable and get stuck in boxes.

Closest thing I could ever hope for is horrified noteriety after a 'leaked' sex tape... 




 https://web.archive.org/web/20131127090123/http://cillesdoilies.angelfire.com/bluepineapples.htm 




 Hey! You didn't do anything! 




 Thanks! I have been told that I have excellent tension by a few people :)

In the crochet-world it feels like a pick-up line 




 That happyface on the end :) 




 After telling people I (a female) work in a hospital.

"Oh, are you a nurse?"

Bitch, I could be the head of neurosurgery. Don't just assume that since I am female and work in a hospital that I can only be a nurse.

I'm not actually head of neurosurgery, I am a Medical Scientist 




 That's some specious reasoning 









 Dat widdle paw lick! 




 To be honest I am not totally certain of cancer risks. I think it does all the depend on the cancer and if they are due to external or genetic risk factors.

Also, once you go through the first blood test you will go through a few more rounds of testing. You have to be crossmatched against the recipient a few times, and have confirmatory testing done too. We like to make sure we are 100% sure before ripping your organs out :P

As for the surgery itself, sorry I can't speak for that part...i am just a scientist
 




 I work in the lab that handles only the Histocompatibility, which we determine from blood. 

Each person has a "Tissue Type" which they inherit from their parents. That refers to a cluster of molecules called the Major Histocompatibility Complex. Essentially, these molecules help the body's immune system determine self from non-self. When you are being tested for compatibility, you are being tested to see what MHC molecules you have and whether they are the same as the recipient.

Now, in Solid organ donation, your Tissue Type is not the most important thing. You can still donate if you are not a match. Is it the case that just being the right blood group can mean you could donate. To explain this simply, the recipient is going to be on immunosupressants, that the body can't really recognise self from not self anyway.

That being said, doctors will try to match you as best as possible. Because a good matched organ is leas likely to cause the recipient to develop antibodies.

When your body is challenged with something foreign, it can develop antibodies against it, which will attack that thing the next time it enters your body.

Kidney recipients are usually very sick. They gets lots of transfusions. Transfusing blood challenges that person with something foreign, and they develop antibodies. Not all of these antibodies matter to us at Histocompatibility. We only care if they are antibodies that would specifically attack the organ we are trying to put in. We call those Donor Specific Antibodies. 

A recipient with no antibodies at all (unsensitised) would have a MUCH better chance than a person who has lots and lots of antibodies (sensitised) and if that person has lots and lots of DSAs, matching can be almost impossible.

For that reason and for those people, Typing becomes very important.

A sensitised patient could have so many DSAs that only 5% of the population would have a Typing that could "slip through the gaps" and be both compatible and not under the DSA umbrella. 

Once you take into account size, donor health, waiting time, etc a person could find themselves waiting a very very long time for that 1 in 10 person to match them.

Edit: I am on mobile so sorry if this is a bit garbled 




 I work in a lab that tests for compatability for Transplantations (not in the US). I can give you insight to the actual test, what it means to be compatible, and why kidneys can be so very difficult to match, if you are interested? 




 Flawless 


































 You have one shot at making them realise it was you, how do you make it count? 









 http://i.imgur.com/yLw1pmK.jpg

Edit: and the other misc objects around his face 




 My newborn nephew is in the Royal Children's Hospital, a month after being born with a rare bowel defect. His parents have just been told to expect their tiny fighter to remain there for 6-12 months. My heart is breaking for them, and I want to do something to support them, but don't know how.

Does anyone know which charities are best to help parents in this situation? They live local to the hospital, so accomodation isn't the issue. I just worry for their mental and emotional states and want to find someone who can help me make their lives a little easier.

Thanks 




 My husband dropped that one on me last night and I flipped my lid. I am nowhere near my time, so for me, having him say that was very hurtful. It showed a complete lack of respect for my feelings. It felt dismissive; as if any problem I had with him was only because I was full of hormones and thus not worth his time. I told him how very hurtful it was but he says he doesn't regret it.

Am I overreacting? 




 A world full of men, or a world full of women. Big changes and little ones. 

This is assuming reproduction is still possible, of course. 





























 For this moment in time, you are the sole reason for all these people to take the energy to think and type out nice things. You are central in their minds and all they want to do is make you smile. 

And no one can take that from you 




 Pebbles cereal. They were a cross between fruit loops and rice bubbles. Plus you got a Flintstones figurine in them 




 My husband's friend works at a local radio station and we call in requests all the time. Luckily we share excellent taste in music, so our songs invariably get played 




 This just makes me happy. Those horsies are gorgeous! /r/disney would LOVE this 




 I watched it for the first time other day and found myself wondering why on Earth it took me that long 




 My husband likes to fondly call me Cunt Rocket. 




 As an Australian coming to this thread:

Wut? 




 Is your Uncle Homer Simpson? 




 I love it, but I am curious to see how it looked with a darker background. More jungle-like, y'know? It would make the characters pop more I think 




 8 years old and got your period, you poor thing. What a nice lady! 




 "Put on a jacket"

Such a kind old lady thing to say. I hope to be one of those nice old ladies who just goes around telling people to put on a jacket or they'll catch a chill 




 Yeah, I was getting an asshole vibe from him, which is why I shut it down. No point in getting into arguments with people like that 




 I just don't understand your problem, so I am not going to bother.

You seem to have me pidgeon-holed as some man-hating feminist, and if you can jump to that conclusion after reading 2 posts then you can have fun with the rest of your judgemental life. I sure as hell wont be taking anything you have said to heart, or even remembering it when I wake up tomorrow. 




 I am going to assume that you have not experienced any of the type of catcalling I am referring to.

That single occasion wasn't the only time I have experienced something like that. I have been called a slut because I didn't respond to one man. I have been told I am ugly anyway because I didn't respond to another. 

So excuse me if I make a few assumptions about men who call out to women on the street. They aren't all out to rape me, but even if it is just a wolfwhistle, it is very clear that they just don't understand how stressed out it can make women feel. What if that simple appreciate wolfwhistle I ignore is just the prelude to something more horrible? I stick by my saying "most men" because if you are a man, you would have little idea of what it is like to have strangers ogle you, call out to you, or whistle at you since you were 13 years old almost *every* time you walk down the street. I have spoken to people about this and it is common for men I speak to about it to brush it off, calling it a compliment. I did not say most men DO call out, and I did not say most men threaten to rape me, I said most men think the mild forms of catcalling are OK. If this generalisation offends you then...well that's not my problem.

On top of this, I really don't appreciate you telling me "I hope you don't have sons". I probably will have sons and I will certainly make a point of teaching them what behaviours I feel are unacceptable, which I feel includes any kind of public singling-out of women based purely on their looks.

For the record, I never once went on about "the patriarchy, the patriarchy", "rape culture" or "male privilege". I simply shared my personal experiences. They aren't wrong and you can try all you like to dismiss them, but I will use them to teach my children what is acceptable and what is not. If you think that will mess them up, then I don't want to think about what you will teach yours 




 [More like this]( http://i.imgur.com/n8hWuBA.jpg) 




 Now kiss! 




 Morticia was my mum's idol. She used to dress like her, act like her, she even had the cane chair and would sit exclusively in it during dinner parties. To me this was normal, but soon I realised that no one else's parents dressed like vampires...and then I realised my mum was cooler than their mums 




 [This]( http://i.imgur.com/ENrIi97.jpg) ceiling?

I went there a few years ago and couldn't stop staring either. This is.my favourite pic from my holiday 




 [This shit](http://m.heraldsun.com.au/leader/outer-east/a-man-who-took-an-innocent-selfie-at-westfield-knox-has-his-image-splashed-all-over-facebook-by-a-mum-who-thought-he-took-photos-of-her-children/story-fnrwkhlp-1227342634069)

 




 If she were present... 




 Maybe so. I would not say most men do it, but I would say that an awful lot wouldn't see the wolfwhistling and shouts as inappropriate 




 I haven't seen much of the promos, but I did watch a news piece on them and was amused by the people who objected because the doco was "unflattering" to the town. 

Reality isn't meant to flatter, it just is. You can't sprinkle glitter on a turd and call it a diamond. If parts of your town are as bad as this doco makes them seem, then serious change needs to happen...and I am not talking about the show producers 




 Great read.

Time and time again it just floors me that most men think it is OK to shout things at women, even if they have a wife, gf, sister or daughter.

I was getting catcalls early in my teens because of my big chest, even when I was in school uniform. At first I was flattered, then annoyed, then eventually I found out what happened if I ignored these men...I was threatened.

Once, I was walking home from uni and was catcalled by a neighbor down the street. I ignored him...so he threatened to rape me.

What. The. Fuck?

I had to change my walking pattern home. I usually walked through a park with little lighting because it saved me 15mins...but I had to change that because some fat wank didn't get his ego stroked when I ignored his caveman-like advances.

It makes me sick, and I hope to one day have sons and show them just how horrifying this behaviour is. Maybe change will come eventually. 




 IMHO, you are an asshat 




 Goes to show how little time he has for those type of shennanigans 




 "Here, lemme just-"

"No!" 




 One time, sitting out the front of my house in rural Queensland Australia, I was absentmindedly staring at the trees across my yard when suddenly, one of the branches moved.

For some stupid reason my brain instantly decided there was a monkey in our tree, but then I remembered I was in Australia, so it changed and decided it was our cat.

We don't have a cat.

It took one more moment, during which my brain contemplated the possibility of ninjas in our tree before the branch moved again and I realised I was looking at one of [these]( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/Tawny-frogmouth.jpg).

I am not a smart woman sometimes 




 Tis but a fleshwound! 




 Dueling Domes 




 Do you cut an X in the top? I cut a shallow X in the top of mine before I steam them.and they take even less time 




 I would even be OK if it were a cartoon. They vould really do the funny scenes then without blowing a budget on CGI 




 Cutting Circles? 




 The discoverer of the "messages" is never going to be believed again. 

"Guys! Alien signals!"

"Pfft...yeah dude. Right. Sure it isn't the toaster this time?" 




 OMG that makes me so happy! Thank you 









 Regicide can apply to other members of the Royal fam, tho....so I might get a little out of the way before they get me.

If you can get me on that throne, I will give you the best appartment in the city! 




 I don't know much about the exact lineage, but if a whole lotta members of the Dutch Royal Family all died at once, I could ascend the throne.

...now excuse me while I go commit mass regicide 




 *And nor do I 




 That's not laziness! That is just being practical and efficient 




 Woof. 




 We bought a good one....my house is just very long. There are 5 rooms between our bedroom and the study 









 Kangaroos are larger mostly, and because they are so large their legs are more out of proportion to their [bodies]( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000jBZey4p.gYg/s/750/750/AUS-05-11-05441.jpg). Wallabies have shorter, more compact legs.
Wallabies are also a little more drab in their coats, and slightly shaggier. A roo will be almost shiny 




 Leprechaun orgy 




 Who let this guy in? 




 People just don't make stuff like this anymore. It's gorgeous! 




 Gping on Chat Rooms and having creeps try to cyber me 




 Wood you guys cut it out! 




 I can't help but giggle at dogs with nub tails, even though I know they aren't natural. 

Happily though, docking of tails and ears is illegal here in Australia 




 I have no idea how someone could ever clip those ears. Look at them!!! 




 I have been told he is a Dobermann 




 Ha ha ha nice toes! He doesn't look impressed

But yeah, maybe the same breed! 




 I'm not certain sorry. He is my friends' pup 









 I like the cute one who looks from one side to the other 




 No-one....that you know of 




 Cool! Thanks :)

Did you use a cotton? 




 Love it! Defs going to give it a go.

Question, do you find the "neck hole" to be too big? It looks like it might slip off your shoulders there 




 ...I do 




 Probably coz it's a French word 









 So the principal can kick her ass, right? 




 IM PENGUIN? 




 I just watched the episode with Little Dude and was struck by the strong resemblance between him when possessing the bun guy and Susan Strong

Maybe a coincidence, and I haven't got any substance to this theory...but I feel like there is a link


http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130205230054/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/d/d3/Adventure_Time_-_Little_Dude_007_0004.jpg

http://oi45.tinypic.com/16iihdh.jpg 




 Are you kidding?

It looked just like [this]( http://www.malteseworld.com/images/Holly's%20Show%20Girl%203.jpg) 




 This has been my aim from the get-go. Persistance pays off I suppose 




 It feels...nice.

The comment in question was a good one. Nothing weird, NSFW or /r/nocontext worthy, so I can feel good about it I guess? 




 Marvelous! 









 I was sure it was a gif for a good 30secs 




 I see what you were going for, but....no 




 D: 




 You got it. I do enjoy a bit of embellishments when I tell a story. I most definitely would have kept the pup if I could have, but I would have felt insanely guilty if I never made an attempt to find an owner 




 He is the better half of us. I am sure I would have eventually tried to find the owner, but at that first moment, I was tempted 




 :( 




 While I can't warn you off our Foxihuahua, because he is a gentleman, I can say that you do not want out Foxi Russell. She is a bitch. [Total bed hog](http://i.imgur.com/LyZIAz7.jpg), needy, annoying and dumb as a brick. 

Please don't steal my dogs :( 




 My dogs are bonkers for popcorn. I am afraid that one day they will discover that *other* people have popcorn too and will totally bail on me 




 Good work! Keep it up 




 I'm no saint...I was sold on keeping the little fuzzball 




 I have only been with 2 and I am married. More would have been nice, but I have made my choice.

15 is hardly a big number, and even if it was, so what? Life is fun, sex if fun, people are fun....go have fun! 




 It is a puppy thing usually. Older dogs don't get them as much 




 A comment I wrote a while ago to another post:


One day, my husband and I were out the front of our house when a little streak of white came out of nowhere and disappeared under our car. After a little bit of coaxing and calling, I pulled out the smallest, most frightened ball of fluff ever. Poor little pup was shaking so bad. He didn't have a collar on, and he was so cute and frightened I instantly decided that he was mine. My husband, however, was more practical and insisted I take him to a vet to check for a chip. Reluctantly, I did, and unfortunately there was a chip. It was registered to an address right around the corner from ours.

With a heavy heart and an armful of wiggly, fluffy puppy I went home and then set off down the street. As I turned the corner I saw a girl in her mid teens sitting out the front of her house, crying. As I walked up she looked at me and then her face lit up with the most joyous smile. With no hesitation I handed back the fluffball and the girl burst out with tears of joy.

Man, I wish I could have kept that puppy, but no amount of tiny puppy kisses were worth having to see a heartbroken girl mourning the loss of her new friend. 

TLDR, found puppy, found microchip, found joy in returning it to its owner


Edit: I am going to be one of those people who say "Holy cow! My first gold!" Thankyou anonymous stranger for popping my gold cherry! 




 "I don't think you're a waste of space." 




 Way I see it, if you are asking "Do I need a lawyer?" you *need* a lawyer 




 Marvelous 




 I like that one where he looks at Littlefinger like "Dafuq, did you just that?!" 









 We had a hoarde of staffies growing up...buff dogs are the best dogs :P 




 Looks at those muscles! What a sweetheart 




 Not once, in the whole song 




 And here is the owner being reunited with them:

http://imgur.com/JLG7tgG 




 Oh my sweet summer child. If you think this story is going to have an LSH ending, you haven't been paying attention 




 But she gives away free shit...so she must be OK 




 Was it teetertottering back and forth? Because I am imagining that now 




 Great explanation! 




 ERRYBODY LOOK LIKE ANTS! 




 Wasn't it because he was very sick? 




 Mmmm. Yes, indeed. Quite 




 But then it does give us little gems like "Not today" 




 *And there are many paths to tread* 




 Now I imagine a pie with a sausage poked into it and it is just silly 




 Thanks for the new background! 




 n 




 Cheerleader - Omi

'She don't make me feel like cheatin'"

Wut. 




 No. 




 My husband scared me the other day by coming home early, while I was in the middle of vaccuming. I didn't know he was in the house until I turned around and saw him standing in the doorway of the room I was in.

My immediate reaction? I screamed and fell to the floor.

Yeah, great reflexes there train_subject889. You'll do real well in the Zombie Apocolypse 




 Condition: Fabulous! 




 Potato gems. 

If there is a person in this world who doesn't like potato gems...I don't want to know them! 




 That would make a good swaddle 




 My husband would probably react by punching the thing that scared him like this, so it would end badly for me 




 I asked God why he took my mother away from me...and no one answered 




 I throw in some variety when I do it:

Take him as deep as you can and hum

Massage the bottom of the shaft with your tongue as you suck

Give his balls some attention. Fondle, tickle, or even just cup them

Put your hands on his hips and rub/massage him or pull him towards you 




 I have lived longer with my mum dead than with her alive...and I am slowly forgetting everything I remember about her 




 Look at that adorable half-assed attempt to be vicious! 

...rarr...rrrrarr 




 This advice is the best advice. 

You don't need a partner to be happy, you need to be happy to get a partner. 




 Oh man, I would never tolerate a biter. It's not cute, it's bad parenting. 

My foxihuahua is friendly but territorial. If he doesn't know you, you are the enemy and will be barked into submission...but if you are friend, he is all over you. You WILL be his best friend, whether you like it or not. 




 Poor chihuahuas...they get such a bad rap! I have a foxihuahua and he is, like 50% good manners, 40% timidness and 10% vibrations.

Here he is looking fly in his puffy coat:

http://i.imgur.com/NPHOr7d.jpg

His name is Marty McFly 




 Hagrid is that big, awesome uncle that everyone wishes they had. 

The image of him carrying Harry out of the forest, thinking he had died just shattered my heart.

If he had died in the books I would have gone on such a rampage 




 Sounds like normal highschool drama to me

...except for the murders 




 I love it but can I suggest that the L be taller? Kinda looks like an i 




 Kinda would have given away his whole ruse though...if someone discovered that he used the name of the guy he supposedly hated and killed? 




 I figured that the gargoyles just let Harry in, despite that not being the password. He earned it 




 Aww, sorry :( Have you tried Amazon? 




 No. 4 Nothing but eyes in a box 




 Yump yump yump yump 




 Whackos? 




 Simpsons reference.

Lisa boycott's Homer's BBQ and suggests they serve no meat 




 I think you can in Europe 




 They wanted people to do that 




 I lack the urethral dexterity to pull that off 




 Has anyone been able to find the perfect thing to say? 




 Oooh that's a nasty one. Practically a death sentence! 




 I heard she said that he cancer was in her brain....then her liver, then her uterus, and then her blood. 

How did no one pick up that she was a bullshitter earlier?! 




 Nah he just kept puffin 




 Look at that tum tum! 




 :( 

That is sad. We at least had some time with our little one. His parents held him a few times, but I only got to on the day we went in to say goodbye. He wasn't awak though 




 Cardboard boxes are the best! 
























