 Look at Portland, OR. No fluoride, beautiful, friendly city. 




 Take a guess. 




 Games are my passion. I love games because they are a powerful way to give someone an EXPERIENCE.  The encompass everything that movies have, charactors, story, visual effects, audio, music, lighting, etc.  AND they allow the person experiencing them to interact with the game world as if they are part of it.  The are the best outlet for my creativity short of dreaming (which unfortunately I can't share (yet =P ) ). 




 Like skipping? Try spicking! A combination of skipping and spinning, it is over twice as fun as normal skipping and still 63% as efficient as normal walking! 




 Let's take skipping back! 




 So invoking your rights gives cause to assume you are a criminal?! 




 My dog is terrified! I found her hiding under the stereo system when I got home. 




 Organized atheism is just another religion! I don't care how much you down vote me, it's still true! 




 Y tu Mamma tambien. 




 Atheism is just another religion. 




 Why do you think it is more difficult now? 




 We need to simply dissolve the system by no longer participating in it.  Reorganize in hyper-local and online communities.  Do not pay taxes.  Reduce your reliance on currency.  Produce yourself everything that you can. 




 I will never understand the supposed correlation of liking bright colors and liking dick up the a.. 




 I took a course on Unity3D a few months ago and I'm now employed as a game programmer.  Note, I do have about 3 years professional coding experience. 




 You are definitely on the right track.  Learning to program IS the most important thing if you want to program games.  C# is good next move.  I recommend downloading Unity3D now and start C# programming with that.  This will get you creating games right away!

Have fun and good luck! 




 What a beautiful human being. 




 just did a ctrl+F "club" and downvoted all matches. 




 Education should be free and available to everyone, regardless of wealth or test scores.  All that's should be required is a desire to learn.  If we spent a tiny fraction on the amount we do on war, we could accomplish this.  We also need to remove the corrupt influence of business and self-serving politicians from the education system.  This would lift our society up more than anything we've ever tried. 




 Are you seriously arguing that we shouldn't increase the accessibly of education because some people still might not be able to afford it?!  So we should perhaps make it more difficult for "the 50%" to even things out? The more educated our society is the better off we will be, and indeed the more equality will ultimately see. 




 Why do atheists need billboards to proclaim their nonbelief? To somehow even things out?  It is absurd.  It is everyone's right to choose what they believe or don't believe. You DO NOT have to act all butthurt because your belief is not the most popular one. 




 That's some original thought you've got there. 




 Christians sometimes DO deride people for not believing what they believe. As do some atheists.  




 Your comment makes me reflect my own thought process, and for that you have an upvote.  I'm not sure if I agree with you though. 




 ignore him? 




 he will have to eat exponentially more each day to get the same effect 




 I was just coming here to post this one, but you did it funnier. Good job. 




 Ok.. so did this ad change its text to reflect the most popular comment?! How much fun can we have with this?! 




 What is this symbol? 




 I find this rather presumptive of Netflix. If I'm watching Weeds I really want to watch the opening because a different band covers the opening theme in each episode.  Also there NEEDS to be an option to turn off auto play so you can watch an ep while you fall asleep. 




 What I don't understand about /atheism is why there seems to be a false dichotomy between Christians and Atheists, as if those are the only two options and that the Christian view of God is the only possible one.  Many people have belief in something they call "God" which bears no resemblance to the spiteful, meddling Man in the sky.  It seems like a straw-man argument to me. 




 uh.. you're thinking of Israel? 




 Annyong. 




 Saying "Guns don't kill people, people kill people." is like saying"Toasters don't toast toast. Toast toasts toast." 




 Did they just show the ending of the movie in the trailer? 




 Other ways to make your life not suck so much:
1. Live with other people and split up the division of labor so you don't have to shop, cook, and clean as often
2. Shop at a food co-op where the people are friendlier and less dead
3. Better yet, start a garden and grow your own food
4. Bike to work
5. Don't work a mind-numbing job for 50 hours a week
6. Weed 




 Think of the buttloads of debt you are not getting yourself into!  Nobody really cares about degrees anyway. 




 That makes no sense. 




 how many upvotes can you fetch with a pun like that? 




 it's only getting more legal. 




 Freedom of the press and freedom to investigate and criticize corporations:
http://animalrights.about.com/od/animallaw/a/What-Are-Ag-Gag-Laws-And-Why-Are-They-Dangerous.htm
http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2013/05/ag-gag-public-health/ 




 taste of your own medicine 




 you're telling me this is a SHIP? so it rocks back and forth in the ocean? 




 I had a phone stolen while I was dancing a show.  When I got home, I got on my computer logged into Lookout and saw the phone was about 45 minutes away in a park.  I drove there and then it showed up as being in a house. I decided to come back in the morning and the phone registered as being in between two houses, so I went to each of them and rang the bell.  The first one was a Mom of two teenagers who swore her kids were no where near a club the night before.  The second one was an older lady.  I persuaded her to let me borrow her computer so I could show her where the phone was located.  Finally, she gave me her phone and I called my phone. We heard it ringing in the neighbor's yard next door! (The Mom of the teenagers).  I went back there and the Dad went around to the backyard and retrieved my phone.  The screen was cracked but it was still functional.  It had been locked out from too many pattern lock attempts.  I think someone tried to get it and got fed up so they threw it over the fence into these people's yard.

Amazing that I got it back, and it served me well for another year until I dropped it in my dog's water bowl. 




 Thanks for your reply! Just for that, I googled you and I think I remember watching Perfect Strangers when I was a little kid, so we're not such strangers after all! 




 am i supposed to know who you are? 




 Broken clock.. twice a day. 




 wouldn't work because the Earth would have moved on by the time the light goes there and back.  you could see "back in time" but it would be somewhere else in the universe. 




 holy skullito! 




 All the other species on the planet would rejoice! 




 On the escalator: stand to the right walk to the left! Do not stand on the left and obstruct the walkers. Not everyone is as lazy as you! 




 Actually I have met indigenous people in Ecuador and I have been to rain forests and seen first hand how the last bastions of a way of life are being destroyed in the face of a self-replicating system gone mad.  Thinking about more ecosystem destruction, more death and more extinction, more displaced people breaks my heart.  "What's the problem?" Are you seriously asking that question? 




 It is a not a criticism of Ecuador or even of China, but a criticism of a system in crisis.  Yes, Western nations have built up their wealth through the decimation of natural resources, [edit] both [/edit] domestic and abroad.  But this does not mean we should simply sit back and allow the rest of our planet's resources to be destroyed because "they did it first."  This is like raiding a store with the justification that other people have shoplifted.  We need to start thinking GLOBALLY and LONG-TERM if we are to have a future on this planet. 




 Pretty trees? How about life-sustaining oxygen and ecosystems?! Do you realize that 50% of the worlds plant and animal species live in rain forests?  Your perspective is severely misinformed. 




 How can we stop this?! 




 No. This is actually about 1/3 of the Ecuadorian rain forest.  Not all of Ecuador is covered in rain forest. 




 I was contesting the claim that intuition is a "dangerous idea".  My position is that intuition is real and can point people in the right direction when pursuing truth.  Intuition is the acquisition of information through unconscious sources. I qualify this by saying that although (or "but") it is a legitimate way of moving towards truth, it is not sufficient to serve as evidence in a legal context.  Accepting that hunches can contain truth, they still do not make good evidence because a person could simply be lying about their hunch.  The data which leads to the hunch is not readily available for the public scrutiny because it is very much a personal experience. 




 Intuition is a real and scientifically-studied phenomenon, but obviously it alone shouldn't serve as evidence.  




 lmao. keep trying there are a few good apples. 









 I would love a section on music theory, with exercises.  In fact, I would like to help MAKE this section. 




 Have a cow, man. Or don't... 




 what's funny is that Karma is actually something you're supposed to get RID of. not acquire. 




 I actually went home on my lunch break to read for a half hour! 




 That's exactly what I'd be doing if I weren't at work! 




 where did that freak find such a giant bottle cap?! 




 I think you mean Whiskerpedia. 









 Have you ever TRIED magic mushrooms? 




 He's a wise man.  Too bad he doesn't have enough backbone to defend his own beliefs. 




 My friends group are starting a burning man alternative for ticket "rejects".  We have the inspiration, love, and organization to pull this off.  We just a place big enough to accommodate us all.  We are in CA. 




 My favorite was when the rook ate the queen, GUUAAARH! 




 This comment made me raise an eyebrows. I'm all ears when it comes to these pun threads, but I'm starting to open my eyes to the fact that some people will mouth off a little. I just plug my nose and turn the other cheek. 




 cried on the shower floor in the fetal position. 




 cocaine 




 We are all teachers and learners.  Every single human being on the planet has something to teach.  Yes, there are some people who are more willing to open there eyes and learn than others.  Yes, psychedelics help us to open our eyes.  There are many paths.  Acknowledging our ignorance is the beginning of knowledge. 




 why pedobear no likey me no more =( 




 It's possible.  I was just reading about how researchers are looking at ketamine now as a potential anti-depressant at dosages lower than those used recreationally that cause hallucinations.  In that case the drug seemed to effect to NDMA receptor system.

But I really think that mushrooms in there natural state are just perfect!  Our society seems to have some sort of obsession with distilling and removing natural medicines from nature, often with unintended consequences. 




 Have you thought that maybe there is something fundamental about tripping that causes the positive psychological effects?  How can you benefit from the effects of a drug without actually experiencing the effects of the drug? 




 No new drugs need to be developed.  It is already here and has been for thousands of years. 




 I skimmed a lot of it.  Whatever legitimate points it may contain about speaking and living with confidence of your own value is completely lost by the sexist ranting and general douchery.  This is the **Guide to being a Pompous, Misogynist Asshole**. 




 i'm 12 and wat is this stage i've reached? 




 Were you trying to be cute when you came up with the acronym "SAD"? 




 did not notice the circuit board before! 




 beautiful.  the universe inside the mind (inside the universe).  what are the symbols along the gold dial? 




 booo! unfunny facts! =( 




 I wanted to see T-rex getting fed up trying to steal from the vending machine and just chomping the thing in half. 




 Please show me one research paper that suggests that magic mushrooms are toxic. 




 As far as I know there are NO long term physical side effects of taking psilocybin containing mushrooms.  If anyone can find any research which indicates to the contrary, please post.

You need to be aware that frequent psychedelic usage WILL change your personality.  The effects should be mostly beneficial however. =) Also be aware that you may develop a tolerance, and the "specialness" of the experience may subside.  I suggest limiting yourself to monthly for now, since you are a new psychonaut.  Your psyche needs time to adjust to things you will find out about yourself and the universe.

Have fun and peace! 




 That's pretty much exactly what I was trying to express.  I wonder when this pattern was first conceived of by human beings. 




 Wikipedia is tertiary source (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tertiary_source).  It's useful for getting a brief overview of a topic, but you can't use it to back up claims. You can however follow the links in wikipedia to the primary and secondary sources that ARE legitimate.  Notice my nuanced position. 




 I love Omegle! 














 Where did he write this? I would like to read it. 




 bout 5. still pretty dirt cheap if you've got the hookup.  but i think our shit is way weaker and you probably need at least 3 or 4 hits to get what you had.

hippies were the spiritual successors of the Burner/new agers. keeping the fire alive. 




 Music = vibrations = life.
I'll just say that sexual pleasure and spiritual fulfillment are not mutually exclusive.
I support your aspiration of spreading peace and goodness through music! 




 i'm really curious to read the trip report but also am not going to create an account on drugs-forum.  please copy and paste the text here. 














 nice, you're a meme 
























 What would happen if you spoke about something on the list of things you can't mention? 




 Neat idea, but will you make it opensource afterwards? 




 A closer reading reveals that she also has had multiple partners in that time frame as evidenced by
"I pretend to be an underaged boy and pickup male clientS"
Her husband is very likely only one of them.

Still, what he is doing is way more fucked up, indeed. 









 Thanks for your reply.  I don't think you're an asshole, just coming from a different perspective.

Ok cool, but that's still 100% anecdotal and completely unscientific. It means absolutely nothing to anyone other than you or your friend.

I understand you are coming at this completely from a scientific POV here, but I really don't think science is the only way to ascertain truth.  There is such a thing as intuition, and just plain observation and reasoning (which science does apply, but most of the time we do this without doing complete scientific studies).  I don't know if there are any studies comparing the prevalence of bad trips on shrooms vs. lsd, but I'd be very curious to see the results.  I do take issue with discounting personal experience completely.  I trust my own experience much more than anecdotes OR studies (which are sometimes falsified or inherently flawed).  Sometimes personal conclusions are wrong too, but at least I know I can trust myself.  This is a huge philosophical topic right here, which I'm sure we can could back and forth on all day, but honestly, do you not believe anything you learned through experience unless there are numerous, repeated, well-constructed studies about it?

but your wording implies that Psilocybin is somehow a more "true" psychedelic than others, and that the differences between psilocybin and chemicals with a similar structure or effect are inherent shortcomings in relation to psilocybin

I do think there is something to be said about the fact that mushrooms have been around on Earth for as long as we have.  [Terrance McKenna had some interesting thoughts on the subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsZbxRzWYLc)

This is only very loosely even close to the truth. First of all, there's not just one "lock" and there's no "distorted" way for the "key" to fit.

I was speaking metaphorically.  I have a general understanding of neurotransmitters and how psychoactive drugs work.

 it just strikes me as somewhat intellectually dishonest to make a post implying that shrooms are somehow better or healthier than LSD, or that there's any relative reason to avoid LSD in the first place.

I don't have an agenda and I'm not trying to mislead people.  I encourage everyone to do their own research and trust their own experiences!  I also don't think there is anything wrong with sharing one's own experience and the thoughts that have come out of those experiences.
 




 [Shrooms can also help cure depression](http://www.theguardian.com/science/2013/apr/07/magic-mushrooms-treat-depression)
It worked for me.
Just remember: mindset and setting!  And take it real easy on the dose the first time. 




 See my answer to the same question above. 




 I have a lot of experience with both, personally and anecdotally.  My experience with shrooms has been mostly positive.  I come away from the experience with a renewed sense of wonder and a deeper understanding of my place in the Universe.  I really believe that they help reveal as close to anything that can be called "truth" as possible.

LSD, on the other hand can also be a tremendously powerful experience, and many times the experience is positive, but many times it is not.  It also often leads to great feelings of "revelation".  However, it seems to me that the revelations are much more likely to be false with LSD.  A friend of mine came away feeling like there was no love in the world.  I think it often talks about the same subject as shrooms, but distorts the message.  It makes  sense physiologically for LSD to lead to false epiphanies when you consider that is has a very similar molecular structure to psilocybin.  It's as if it is another key that turns the same lock, but always in some sort of distorted way.

And since this is r/conspiracy, I'll just remind people that [the CIA experimented with LSD in the 1960's as a method of mind-control](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKUltra). 














 Sometimes I feel like reddit is really advancing human ethics.  It's like we are all collectively working out proper behavior.  Sure, there are kinks, but they were a great band. 




 Horoscopes are just a small part of astrology. I assume you mean astrology in general though? 




 I know I'm gonna get downvoted for this but... 




 I humbly urge people to veer towards the shrooms and away from the lsd. 




 Mine: making sweeping generalizations and judgments about people based on their dietary choices. 




 It took me a while too. Basically you have to listen to every sentence you are about to say in your head and then remove all the "like"s beforehand. 




 Good for her! 




 That is not correct. ac - bc = (a-b)c. Always.  10x - 0.9 = 9.01 doesn't make any sense.  What happened to the x on the 10?  You treated it as 1 in that case?  There is no other way to evaluate it besides to 9x. 




 USE FOLDERS! 




 it was funnier when IWillBeInTheCorner said it. 




 It could very well be that the dumb boys keep their mouths shut more than the girls. 




 When society and media constantly tell you something about yourself, you start to believe it.  When I was about 6 my sister and I got into an argument and she called me a "girl" as an insult.  To get even, I called her a "boy" and she shrugged and said she didn't mind being called a boy.  Made me realize some things about society and status right then. 




 Hahaha! She really didn't know that Africa has a Prime Minister? 




 Rejoice!  I did my part. 




 I imagine for you it is probably novelty seeking.  For me I actually find the opposite effect.  A song or album gets better after I've listened to it 2 or 3 times.  Like I start to understand it and appreciate it better. 




 Same thing happened to me! 














 That's your judgement.  He was a sensitive guy who like poetry and classical music.  Does that make one a "pussy"?  Matter of opinion. 




 You're right. I don't even know you. Sorry if I offended you. 




 You mean the joke we've all heard 100 times on this page alone? 




 Gale in Breaking Bad was vegan.  Nothing bad was said about it. 




 found the conformist with no original thought. 




 Guess what. B12 doesn't come from meat either. It comes from bacteria. 




 No... I subtracted x.  I defined x to equal .9 which is perfectly legal to do.  So you agree up to 10x = 9.9, right?  So 10x - x = 9x and 9.9 - x = 9.  Make sense? 




 I posted another proof above.  It's not a mathematical fallacy.  Here is my proof: 
let x = .9_(repeating), multiply both sides by 10: 10x = 9.9_, subtract x from both sides: 9x = 9, and divide by 9 giving: x = 1, therefore: 1 = .9_

Oh and here is the wikipedia article explaining more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/0.999... 




 Here is another proof.
let x = .99999(repeating),
multiply both sides by 10:
10x = 9.99999(repeating),
subtract x from both sides:
9x = 9,
and divide by 9 giving:
x = 1,
therefore:
1 = .999999(repeating) 




 You are missing my point entirely.  I'm not saying that we one needs to be physically capable of killing an animal to eat it.  What I am saying is that one should be emotionally responsible for their own actions.  When people buy meat in a store that comes from a factory farm they are completely removed from the process that produced the meat and have no idea what sort of suffering was endured.  At least when someone raises and slaughters an animal on their own, they are well aware of what they are doing.  Tribal societies honored the life the animals they killed and treated them with respect.  Animals "raised" for food today are  treated with no respect and in fact are treated legally as property rather than living, sentient beings.  That is fucked. 




 You hit the nail on the head.  The intense anger reaction is because they are NOT comfortable with their own actions.  And you are calling attention to it. 




 Everybody is is saying "oh, it's not so bad! could be worse!" But why are we assuming that it is our right or necessity to eat chicken in the first place?  This is just a small sampling of the torture animals have to endure under factory farming.  I think if you want to eat animals you should be comfortable with killing the animal yourself.  Don't leave it to a big industrialized process that has no regard for humane practices and also leaves you completely removed from the process that delivers the meat to your plate.  I'm not saying no one should ever eat meat, but the way it is done in modern society is completely out of control.  It's literally destroying the planet, destroying people's health, and leaving a trail of misery and suffering along the way. 




 How about, if you want to eat chicken, you kill it yourself. 




 Here is proof that Earth is intact and not polluted or radioactive.
http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/3158/why-did-the-people-on-the-jetsons-live-in-the-sky
Scroll down to the second answer. 




 Why would people downvote this? To make more room at the top for cute dogs? 




 Holy shit guys! I'm excited!  Let's get some real direct democracy up in here! 




 Wow, I never even considered the possibility of singing and playing DIFFERENT notes.  It seems like when I try to sing a different not than I'm playing it doesn't sound as clearly though. 




 This makes this really awesome buzzing tone.  I've even seen people do it professional performances.  Does anyone know what it is called or how to notate it? Thanks! 




 That is the biggest cop out I've ever heard. There is such a thing as a more sustainable practice.  How about doing a little research instead of being lazy and ignorant? 




 Old sailor's saying: Any port in a storm. 




 http://www.salon.com/2011/08/28/bisexuality_2/ 




 A new world is literally a new world and an opportunity to do things completely differently.  Since we are approaching it from somewhere else we can do things after careful though and examination.  No need to rush in to things and much it up.

The very first things we should do is take inventory of the entire planet.   Where are the resources concentrated?  What areas are most suitable of habitation?  The entire thing should be in a database in a computer system so we can use algorithms to help make informed decisions.  We also have an opportunity to switch to renewable energy.  If we concentrate our efforts we can produce a network of a 100% renewable sources such as solar, wind, geothermal, tidal, etc.

Our goal should be to live an existence that both allows us to thrive and doesn't disrupt the lives of the billions of other species of life on the planet.  Sustainability is key.  We should absolutely leverage the power of machines to do all sorts of repetitive tasks.  I imagine that each city could have an automated garden which would automatically grow and harvest the sustenance we need.

These are just some quick brainstormed ideas, but the point is this would be the perfect opportunity to do things right.  All it would take is the will to work together. 




 You just blew your cover. 









 The second half is WAY more exciting than the first! 




 Ahhhh! Going to the library tomorrow for book 5! 




 Play Dance Dance Revolution. I used to play all day sometimes. I was GOOD at that shit. Screw it, I'm off to the arcade! 




 With Overstock.com doing $126,000 of business in one day in bitcoin, more merchants are sure to follow suit.  But, will these companies keep their assets in bitcoin or immediately convert to $?  If this is constantly happening, at many merchants, won't it cause the price to decline rapidly due to the huge sell off?  Or will this be compensated by more people purchases bitcoin to make purchases with? 




 RIP Phil Hartman 









 Are you implying that smoking marijuana "lowers your senses"? Are you missing a "don't" from your statement?  Otherwise it sounds like you are saying that people mistakenly do drugs in order to lower their senses and that the way to remain with lowered senses is to not do drugs. Some might agree with this. 




 ADD is defined by the DSM5 as a psychiatric disorder:
http://www.dsm5.org/Documents/ADHD%20Fact%20Sheet.pdf
In order to "have" ADD one must meet 6 criteria from a small list of behaviors.  Can your behaviors change? Yes. So can you just "get" ADD? According to its definition and that logic, yes.  If you were objecting to my usage of my term at all because you don't feel it is useful or helpful to refer to the meeting of these criterion as a disorder, then we agree!  I simply used it for fun in more of a tongue-in-cheek manner like gay people affectionately call each other "fairies".

Also, there is a lot of ongoing research investigating the neurological effects that the internet may have on our brains: http://www.today.ucla.edu/portal/ut/PRN-081015_gary-small-ibrain.aspx
As all repetitive experience does, it has measurable effects on the brain, and very likely changes our behavior, even if in minute subtle ways.  I think this is actually fascinating and I think about the prospects of societies neurological structure changing on a mass scale.  Perhaps something like a new phase of humanity?!

As for marijuana, I know at least some research has indicated a higher prevalence of pot smoking among those with ADD.  Of course, CORRELATION DOES NOT IMPLY CAUSATION.  It could well be that people who have those symptoms just also happen to like smoking pot =) (Or any other number of explanations.)  But it does seem like some of the things on the ADD list are quite similar to some of the things on the "marijuana intoxication" list.  I think similarly of the internet usage, these changes are not "good" or "bad" or "orderly" or "disorderly" (unless your talking about relative to the status quo, but that's a whole 'nother discussion.)  These characteristics just are, but they can makes a really big difference in the way we live our lives!

Now I'll speak of my personal experience.  I am diagnosed with ADD and I always felt like many of my behaviors weren't detrimental at all, but simply annoying to teachers, like standing in class, and asking tangential questions.  Other behaviors I did want to change, like failing to finish things I was excited to start, and have been pretty successful at doing so.  I smoke pot and I have fun and I get things done.

TL;DR Think about it. 




 Yes, I am missing your point. Please elaborate. 




 Why would anyone want that? 









 Letters From a Nut was hilarious!  When did you publicly reveal the true author? 




 I think specifically that we raised animals in a factory-like setting on a massive scale and treated them as if they were inanimate objects until slaughtering them. 




 dur, did a google search for spelling help and urban dictionary came up. saw dictionary and thought, yup, i've got it!

 




 No, it's definitely fecicious. 









 Elementary school: no skipping 




 John Lennon 




 I think all of these maxims are meant to be taken with a grain of salt.  They are general suggestions to guide behavior, not absolute rules. We are not programming robots here. 









 How about the Wiccan Rede:
*Do what you will, so long as it harms none* 




 Once in a dream I had a someone show up in my bedroom and asks me to follow him.  He flew out the window and I followed him.  He took me to the backroom of some building where there was a meeting going on.  It was a secret lucid dreamers alliance meeting!

In another dream, I tried to go back there by flying to the building.  I went in through the front which was filled with offices and cubicles.  I tried to make my way to the back where the meeting was and a woman in a suit came out and told me I couldn't go back there.  I told her I had to find out if it were real.  At this point she produced a pistol and pointed it at me! She said forcefully "IT WASN'T REAL"!

It seems to me like there are some dream figure who want the truth to be known (the liberators) and others who want to suppress the truth about the dream state. 




 He went out with a bang. 




 Except for the people for don't and actually do the things they say they will do.  We exist. 









 This is absolute nonsense.  Anyone who has experienced a lucid dream knows this cannot be true because they have been conscious WITHIN the dream and can recall the narrative.  Lucid dreaming has been scientifically verified by researcher Steven LeBerge who was able to signal from within a dream using a series of eye movements. 









 How is Piper a "sociopath"?  And Nancy?  Nancy was self-centered and narcissistic maybe, but not a sociopath.  Piper isn't even selfish.  She's just a young woman who made a stupid mistake trying to work her way through it. 




 Surprised noone's said "taxes". 




 What evidence? My personal experience tells me otherwise. 




 How do you "know" it is bs? 




 Like the buying age has anything to do with what age people start smoking. Most smokers I know seemed to have started when they were teenagers, some when they were 12. 




 Thanks a lot!! 




 Post the recipe please. 




 I thought Earth was island until I was 609. 









 Who ate Gilby's grape? 




 False awakening are VERY common when you are learning to lucid dream.  This is why I automatically do a reality check whenever I wake up, whether it is real or not. 




 The Law of Attraction, the idea that our thoughts draw things into our lives. 




 Funny how this is upvoted the most on r/atheism.
Here's part two of the interview:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08zNQ_wO0D8 




 REM sleep gets longer as the night goes on, and it can range from 5 minutes to over 90 at the end of the night.  This is why you have your best chance to have a lucid dream at the end of your sleep cycle, and also the longest (lucid) dreams.  Personally, I've had lucid dreams so long I could barely remember how they started and were way too long and detailed to write down completely.

One technique I've learned for extending a dream I feel slipping away is the SPIN technique.  Try spinning in circles.  Often times when you stop you will wake up in a completely different setting. In fact, you can use this technique to teleport by focusing on where you want to be while you are spinning! 




 "You're only a breath away.  It may looks closed off but you're already connected. So close maybe you can't see? Step back..." 




 Flowers for Fucking Algernon! Every time! 









 The implication was because of me, 




 "I've been depressed your entire life." -Mom 




 It will come to you when it is time.  In the meantime, you can have equally powerful experiences with lucid dreaming! 





























 I think some credit needs to go to the baby.  That is some excellent core strength! 




 Actually, I saw the original clip and it was above the mouth of a volcano... filled with crocodiles. 




 I'm not sure about Skyrim because I haven't played any other Elder Scrolls games, but I thought Human Revolution was great.  What about it did you think was a huge step backwards?  I don't think that using a game engine necessarily means you will end up with a better game, but at least it allows you to theoretically devote more time and resources to other parts of the game, like story, level design, etc.  Maybe companies just drop the ball sometimes because they are afraid to take risks and try to appeal to the lowest common denominator? 




 An animated .jpg   what the.. 




 Game engines are huge step forward, allowing developers to focus more on creating amazing worlds and less on graphics and physics programming. 




 Can we please remember that human health is not the only factor to consider when we ask "Are GMOs a good idea." What about the environmental implications? And why is the burden of proof on the people with concerns to prove that there may be problems.  Where are the in-depth long-term environmental studies before we introduce a new species into the ecosystem.  I don't believe we can guarantee that these fish will NEVER escape their farms and will not breed with wild salmon, fundamentally altering the entire ocean's ecosystem.  There is no turning back from that.  Shouldn't we abide by the precautionary principle and not rush into this?!  




 Can we please remember that human health is not the only factor to consider when we ask "Are GMOs a good idea." What about the environmental implications? And why is the burden of proof on the people with concerns to prove that there may be problems.  Where are the in-depth long-term environmental studies before we introduce a new species into the ecosystem.  I don't believe we can guarantee that these fish will NEVER escape their farms and will not breed with wild salmon, fundamentally altering the entire ocean's ecosystem.  There is no turning back from that.  Shouldn't we abide by the precautionary principle and not rush into this?!  




 So people shouldn't have the right to make informed decisions because... why? 




  It is the Governments of the world allowing things like patenting genes, letting those patents and copyrights exist for a significant amount of time, and making it illegal for farmers to re-use the seed, even if they don't care whether or not the engineered genes survived. If gene patents died out after say, 5 to 10 years, there wouldn't be as much of an issue.

Hmm.. well what happens when you have the same people working for the big corporations that work for the government and go back and forth between them?  [Take a look at this chart](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) and tell me that Monsanto isn't at least partially (if not mostly) responsible for the completely unregulated GMO playground. 














 Did you watch it? What do you think? 




 Me. You guys are sick. 




 You can turn off your computer now. 




 My dog will literally put the ball in my hand but not let go.  When I go to take it he will growl at me. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forgiveness#Judaism 




 Please take your racist crap out of here and stop conflating Zionism with all Jews. 




 There are numerous well-documented studies which provide evidence of fluorides harmful effects on the human body and brain.

You can find a complete compilation of these studies at:
http://www.fluoridealert.org/fluoride-dangers/health/index.aspx

Ill give a summary of the most important findings:

**Brain Damage**

it is apparent that fluorides have the ability to interfere with the functions of the brain.
SOURCE: National Research Council. (2006). Fluoride in Drinking Water: A Scientific Review of EPA's Standards. National Academies Press, Washington D.C. p 187.

Studies in animals and human populations suggest that fluoride exposure, at levels that are experienced by a significant proportion of the population whose drinking water is fluoridated, may have adverse impacts on the developing brain. Though no final conclusions may be reached from available data, the findings are provocative and of significant public health concern.

SOURCE: Schettler T, et al. (2000). Known and suspected developmental neurotoxicants. pp. 90-92. In: In Harms Way - Toxic Threats to Child Development. Greater Boston Physicians for Social Responsibility: Cambridge, MA. (See report)

As of now, there are 18 human studies indicating that fluoride exposure is associated with lower IQs in children.  This is after controlling for other facturs which are associated with differences in IQ such as lead exposure and family income.  Some excepts:

These negative correlations between IQ and urinary As and between IQ and urinary fluoride indicate that exposure to high levels of As or fluoride, or both, could affect childrens intelligence... This study indicates that exposure to fluoride in drinking water is associated with neurotoxic effects in children.
SOURCE: Wang SX, et al. (2007). Arsenic and fluoride exposure in drinking water: children's IQ and growth in Shanyin county, Shanxi province, China. Environmental Health Perspectives 115(4):643-7.

Conclusion: High fluoride burden has a definite effect on the intellectual and physical development of children.
SOURCE: Wang S, et al. (2005). Effects of coal burning related endemic fluorosis on body development and intelligence levels of children. Journal of Applied Clinical Pediatrics 20(9): 897-898.

**Cancer**

There are many in-vitro laboratory studies which show that fluroide is a mutagenic compound, meaning it causes changes in DNA.  Many mutagenics are also carcinogenic.  One study even found that primates are more sensitive to the mutagenic effects than rats.
See: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7679201?dopt=Abstract

Other findings:

As cells were exposed to higher doses of fluoride, the percentage of L-02 cells with DNA damage increased. This result is consistent with other studies... Therefore, considereing previous studies, we think that fluoride can cause lipid peroxidation, DNA damage and apoptosis, and that there is a positive relationship among these changes.
SOURCE: Wang AG, et al. (2004). Effects of fluoride on lipid peroxidation, DNA damage and apoptosis in human embryo hepatocytes. Biomedical and Environmental Sciences 17: 217-22.

**Bone Fractures and Bone Disease**

There is a well-known arthritic bone disease known as Skeletal fluorosis caused by excessive fluoride intake. Images: warning! may disturb you  

Many studies show that fluoride weakens bones:

In A/J strain, we found significant decreases in stiffness with increasing fluoride dose treatment. There was a significant difference between the treatment group 0 ppm and 100 ppm... In the A/J strain, there was a decrease in ultimate load with increasing fluoride dose treatment, with significant differences between the treatment group 0 ppm and the treatment group 100 ppm (p=0.017).

SOURCE: Mousny M, et al. (2006). The genetic influence on bone susceptibility to fluoride. Bone Aug 18; [Epub ahead of print]

The highest fluoride intake (50 mg/L) significantly diminished vertebral strength... This impairment of mineralization by fluoride appeared to be the primary cause of the diminished vertebral strength.

SOURCE: Turner CH, et al. (2001). Combined effects of diets with reduced calcium and phosphate and increased fluoride intake on vertebral bone strength and histology in rats. Calcified Tissue International 69: 51-57.

These are just some of the documented health-impairments associated with ingesting fluoride.  Others include:
**Dental Fluorosis** (yellowingof the teeth due to too much fluoride).  I have this!  as does 32% of American children according to the Center for Disease Control
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/ss5403a1.htm

**Pineal and Thyroid gland impairment**  These glands are extremely important in regulating all types of normal body operations like emitting hormones and important neurotransmitters.  According to this study, the pineal gland is the primary target of fluoride accumulation within the body.
http://www.icnr.com/articles/fluoride-deposition.html 









 The only way I know of is deonization with Ion Exchange Resins.  Read about filters that remove fluoride here: http://fluoridealert.org/content/water_filters/ 




 Mostly true, except that kids have allowance and lunch money, and are offered soda and fast food as options in the lunch room.  Also, don't underestimate the power of children to get their way with parents who don't want to be the bad guy.  Yes, they shouldn't give in but it's not always easy, and why should they have to fight against mega corps for the minds and health of their kids? 




 It's not. 




 It doesn't. There is no conspiracy involved. Are we really going to be outraged about every single public official that says something inappropriate in an entire nation?  You could do this with any country. 




  Satoshi is a male, Japanese name, whose meaning is variously given as "wise", "clear-thinking", "quick-witted" 




 Well, you see, complexity is subjective, that's the nature of emergence. What's complex for a child like you is often trivial or routine for a scientist like me. Reddit's userbase is quite diverse, although there seems to be evidence of an over-representation of individuals exhibiting childish behaviors.
Secondly, do you really think this situation has been has been oversimplified? It's through using "copypastas" and other hasty generalizations you try to cram each individual scenario with its particularities into a formulaic mold. I hypothesize you require this simplification because of the state of your mental faculties and reasoning skills.
And lastly, most of the time your simplifications do not aid in understanding new facets of the subject matter. Characterizations that might not be 100% accurate can act as useful models for understanding overarching facets of complex inter-dependent systems, but your "copypastas" do not facilitate in that endeavor.
If even one of these criticisms is valid, your point is moot as it depends unilaterally on all the three premises I've highlighted. The social commentary you wish "copypastas" to exhibit might seem sensible, maybe even profound to you, but they're just as bad, if not worse than the additions reactiongifs, pun chains or novelty accounts bring to the table. Please consider this seriously, and don't immediately fall back on your preconceived notions without reexamining their validity, at least in a cursory manner after I've presented you with this new evidence you really should take seriously. 




 Well, you see, complexity is subjective, that's the nature of emergence. What's complex for a child like you is often trivial or routine for a scientist like me. Reddit's userbase is quite diverse, although there seems to be evidence of an over-representation of individuals exhibiting childish behaviors.
Secondly, do you really think this situation has been has been oversimplified? It's through using "copypastas" and other hasty generalizations you try to cram each individual scenario with its particularities into a formulaic mold. I hypothesize you require this simplification because of the state of your mental faculties and reasoning skills.
And lastly, most of the time your simplifications do not aid in understanding new facets of the subject matter. Characterizations that might not be 100% accurate can act as useful models for understanding overarching facets of complex inter-dependent systems, but your "copypastas" do not facilitate in that endeavor.
If even one of these criticisms is valid, your point is moot as it depends unilaterally on all the three premises I've highlighted. The social commentary you wish "copypastas" to exhibit might seem sensible, maybe even profound to you, but they're just as bad, if not worse than the additions reactiongifs, pun chains or novelty accounts bring to the table. Please consider this seriously, and don't immediately fall back on your preconceived notions without reexamining their validity, at least in a cursory manner after I've presented you with this new evidence you really should take seriously. 




 Edit: Thanks for the gold! 




 Hell, I'm subscribed to /r/Bitcoin and I didn't know most of this stuff about mtgox. 




 crashed the train. 




 OK.. But why do they need to take an entire city just to protect a single port? 




 If you squint your eyes a little it makes it look like you are  translucent. Ghost! Ghoooost! 




 Yes, I think if the gov knows about ET life and is withholding such information, it's probably at a higher security level than the people being trained by NSA to do social engineering. 




 The UFO pictures are on pages 35-37 of [the document](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/document/2014/02/24/art-deception-training-new-generation-online-covert-operations/), right in between a Whole Foods sign and a slide maybe talking about advancing technology. We can only speculate about what the pictures were meant to illustrate. 




 Kucinich was good too, but unfortunately the media assassinated him. 




 The solution to all of this is to reorganize society from the ground up. Hyper-local, and online communities with their own internal organization, which can in turn organize into meta-communities like cells of a body.  Community gardens, new forms of communes that embrace the good side of technology.  Any way that we can help each other become self-sufficient.  The more we do this the less we will rely on the status-quo system.  We will cease paying taxes.  No one will elect to go to war.

This is the way out. 




 *I will not downvote or deride others for challenging my assertions or asking for additional evidence.  Instead I will see it as an opportunity to both educate, and reevaluate my own assumptions.  Ultimately, everyone will come away from the discussion more informed, and hopefully one step closer to Truth.*

*I will actively combat my own confirmation bias by deliberately seeking viewpoints different than my own.  I will critically evaluate all evidence presented, whether it confirms or challenges my current beliefs.  For I understand that there are no "sides".  Only what is true and what is untrue.*

*I will humble myself enough to admit when I am wrong.  There is no shame in changing my mind in light of new information.  My goal is not only to guide others towards realization, but also myself.*

*The process of investigating with dedication and integrity will serve to make all of us ever-more informed, ever-more discerning, and always moving towards the Truth.* 




 I hear ya!  I know that the last thing that someone who is having a hard time wants her hear is that it's their "fault" or anything like that.  I certainly don't want to imply that anyone deserves to be in pain and don't think problems just go away by snapping your fingers.  However, I do believe that changing your attitude towards believing in yourself and focusing on the positive aspects of your life is often prerequisite for fixing those problems.  You can be totally and completely right about how much crap has come your way, but if that's all you think and talk about, it really isn't going to get any better.  We've got to keep focused on that glimmer of hope, the 5% that is working, until it gets bigger and bigger.

It's interesting you mention science, because I feel like the completely materialistic (meaning concerning the material world) and "objective" world view we've adopted is actually an obstacle for many people to come out of the view that the world sucks.  Things are rarely so cut and dry as a laboratory and subjective experience is much more pertinent to our lives.  I know this is a whole philosophical can of worms.  Also, I disagree that worrying really ever serves a useful purpose.  We can certainly address things that come up without getting bogged down in worst-case scenarios.  Like John Lennon said "There are no problems, only solutions!"

You're totally right about that last point! The best thing you can do is to just be happy and help others be happy too! =)

EDIT: Oh, and for the record. I used to be extremely depressed for many years.  Nothing changed about my life except my philosophy and my attitude.  I'm speaking from my personal experience. 




 Also, that the pyramids were tombs. In fact, no mummies have ever been found inside a pyramid. 




 Seriously.  Just sell your game. Don't try to trick people into thinking it's "free" when it's not.  Consumers need to also learn that making games takes time and energy and the creators deserve to be compensated. 




 Here's the trouble with this question.  Most of the big lies are so ingrained in people's minds, in fact the way we think, that is nearly impossible to distinguish them as lies.

The one that comes to my mind is the idea that life sucks or is really hard.  I hear this all the time from people who feel like they've had it rough.  It's almost always a self-fulfilling prophesy.  Yes we have problems here on Earth, but the attitude with which we approach these problems makes all the difference.  Unlearn the lie that life is hard, and you'll find it's actually really easy and fun! 




 Zero-point energy or some other free energy production device. 









 Please provide evidence that BipolarBear0 did anything that resembles a "voter brigade", and isn't telling the truth when he says that he only posted the racists posts to this subreddit and watched them get upvoted.  OP mentions cross posting on IRC. Care to elaborate on that point and/or show some evidence? Thank you.

EDIT: After some more sleuthing I found [this]( http://i.imgur.com/9Iz12h2.png):
Originally posted [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1ywspe/new_snowden_doc_reveals_how_gchqnsa_use_the/cfqxja1) 




 That was my point. 




 According to the article they didn't even win the jackpot:
Mark Mattioli won $100,000 on 9/16/11.
Mark Mattioli won $50,000 on 12/20/13.

It's really not that ridiculous.  This piece of "evidence" however, is. 




 In other words, denotation and connotation?
EDIT: well if I'm wrong someone educate me for frog's sake! 




 your comme _ _ _otally d _ c _ m_ted th _ la _ t o_e 




 It's not just that he claims to not remember writing the article, he also won't answer the question of whether or not he still believes what he wrote. 




 Ok, we know it is happening. Let's talk about how we can fight back.  There is no possible way systematically defaming political dissidents threw libel, fraud, and "false flag" attacks can be legally justified.  Somehow this should end up in the Supreme Court.  Of course we shouldn't rely on that corrupt bunch to stop this, but a legal fight would certainly bring it to the public's attention.  Right now they are just doing this in the shadows.  We need to force them to defend what they are doing so it can be met with the scrutiny it deserves.

This is just one idea. Let's hear some strategies for subverting the subversion of free discourse on the internet! 




 With 12,808 upvotes, why are the views on this video so low? (426 as of the time of this posting).  I imagine some percentage of people go don't bother clicking through, but this is ridiculous. 




 Can confirm: Daiya is awesome.  I made the most delicious Mac and Cheese the other night with Daiya + Hemp Milk + Nutritional Yeast + Spices. 




 wut? 




 Global warming is happening.  It may be Reptilian terraforming of the Earth. 




 I just posted a link to [Netflix to pay Comcast for smoother online video]
(http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/envelope/cotown/la-fi-ct-netflix-comcast-20140224,0,1476262.story#ixzz2uDnilHN1)

We'll see what happens. 









 We do not know the gender of OP. 




 Ok, maybe that too. 




 Except that there are actually emotions which are expressed nearly universally across animal species.  For instance, animals (including humans) will tighten the muscles around their eyes to express anger.  [Charles Darwin wrote about the subject.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Expression_of_the_Emotions_in_Man_and_Animals)  My point is that we often wrongly conclude that humans are the only animals that can feel or think and this is why we are surprised when we see animals looking "human". 




 Yeah, if he were trying to learn to stutter, that's what he would need. 




 I think what you call "humanlike" is actually being a sentient being. Welcome to the Animal Kingdom! 




 now why wouldn't a sentient being look sentient? 




 I'll just put this right here: https://projectmeshnet.org/ 




 Grow your own. DIY. 




 It's sad to watch people use the struggles of others as an excuse for their own apathy. 




 I think she did just  fine.  Keep in mind she's not only giving a speech in front of the whole school but she is saying things that are very contentious and will likely earn her the scorn of the "authorities".  It's very brave. 




 Well let's see, I'll play the skeptic here:
The voters appoint them on election day. 




 What rules specifically are your objecting to? 




 I agree with your sentiment, but can you flush out your claim that the rulers are "Self-appointed". 




 That's not true according to Wikipedia and other sources I've seen.
Obama: 65,915,796 vs Romney: 60,933,500. 
I know that's not your point though. 




 Reddit. 














 Bingo. 




 It's nearly impossible to not get enough protein by eating a variety of foods.  Most Americans get too much protein. 




 Seriously, I bet almost all mammals do this.  The list is so short because we misinterpret their behavior. 




 I don't think children should be forced to eat meat if they don't want it.  Also you said "other proteins", fruits, vegetables, and grains all have protein..
EDIT: changed "pasta" to PROTEIN. still waking up here :-P 




 This should be higher up. 




 You are absolutely right.  It's more important to care about SOMETHING and actually do something about it then about what you care about specifically. 




 He obviously didn't mean literally destroying the planet. 




 By this logic we should outlaw public drinking fountains, phones, and benches. 




 I'm guessing because it works by selecting links rather than typing in text.  It's more like a "Choose Your Own Adventure" book than traditional IF. 




 From comments on the article:

There are 75 community gardens on about 23 acres of land scattered throughout the city of Seattle, serving roughly 4500 gardeners. These plots, called p-patches, are open to the public and neither fenced nor guarded. Homeless people often camp next to our patch, and they've never taken anything from the garden to my knowledge (though it's so abundant that a bit of pilferage would be hard to detect). In general, theft from Seattle gardens is very rare, so I would expect the same to be true of the Beacon Food Forest. I'm sure the city will post signs clearly stating that taking more than a single family can consume or selling produce is forbidden. You'd be very surprised how law-abiding people are here. 




 Can someone walk me through this little drama from the beginning? 




 I'm really so very grateful that someone found my post amusing and/or useful.  Sometimes life can be a scary thing and to know that one little action can brighten the world is very heartwarming.  You have really inspired me upvoter!  I promise to continue to share my wit and insight with the world for the betterment of all humankind!  This is my creed!  I humbly accept this task that has been bestowed upon me.  I will not cower and I will not retreat.  It is a bright new day on the internet!

Thank you all!! 




 I actually had this experience while on Ayahuasca.  It was very scary indeed and I was thinking "what a dumb way to die! forgetting how to inhale."  Of course I started breathing again.  The shaman also assured me that my body would not do that to me and I would inevitably find my breath again.  I guess the best thing to do is to remember this, you will start breathing again. Remain calm.  This is part of the wisdom of the experience. 




 Yes, but it must be from another man. 




 So now that the US gov has confiscated this we are all getting free health care for 12 years right? 




 What is reddit's obsession with abusive girlfriends? 




 I'm looking into making my first IF and I'm deciding which engine would be best to use.  Adrift? Inform? Something else?  Anyone have experience with more than one and can tell how they compare?  Is one more geared towards programmers than another? Etc. 




 Why the hostility at someone calling attention to wealth disparity? 




 Just because there are two possible outcomes to something doesn't mean they are equally likely.  Your chance of picking the right door out of a thousand is .1%  The chance of it being the wrong door is the inverse of that (100 - .1)%.

Here's another way to put it: Today you can either die or not die.  Is the chance that you will die today 50/50?  Is the chance that will die on  any day that is not today 50/50? 




 I'm buying CandySwipe just to support this guy. 




 [i made this](http://imgur.com/xrJbUHt) 




 Things can always be worse, yes.  They can also always be better. 




 I stand corrected.  Still chalk full of things I'd rather avoid though. 




 oldie but goodie 




 Well, you "know" that won't happen, so it probably won't. =) 




 The zookeepers comments reek of eugenics.  The whole idea that there are "better" genes is truly disturbing. 




 I'm seriously sick of hearing this "he would have been eaten in the wild" argument.  1) You do not know that. 2) At least his destiny would be in his own hands. It's better to guarantee his death then to give him a chance at life? Whaa? 




 Maybe they're vegan but they're still frackin nasty trans-fat laden crack.  There are really good knock off brands though that don't use partially-hydrogenated oils. 
























 How 'bout a spoiler tag there buddy? 




 It could be anything! Even a boat! 




 That's mildly interesting. 




 Trayvon R. R. Zimmerman? 




 Conspiracy Theory: a belief that some covert but influential organization is responsible for a circumstance or event.

There is absolutely no reason why conspiracy theories cannot be studied using the scientific method. 




 I have this shit.  I grew up in NJ. 




 No they don't. The address her as "Khaleesi" when they are talking to her directly, as you would  "Queen". 




 Would this be a legal play if he were QB? 




 [Khaleesi](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Khaleesi) is a title for the female leader of a Khalasar (the wife of the Khal).  Like "Queen". So characters, particularly the Dothraki, address her as such.  But as has been said before, you wouldn't use her title without an article (a, the) to refer to such a person in the third person (i.e. "Queen looks very lovely in her elegant gown"). 




 i have no idea why you're being downdawkinsed. cooome ooon reddit.
EDIT: this. 




 Since he is bastard born, he wouldn't be a true Lannister either.  He'd probably be a "Tommen Hill" since his parents are from the Westerlands. 




 Awesome!  Please look into permaculture practices as well! 









 Here is a great article that goes in depth about how the word "organic" is being systematically rendered meaningless for the sake or protecting corporations:

[USDA Takes Over Organic](http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/usda-takes-over-organic-program-eroding-organic-standards-to-benefit-big-food/) 




 I found an [update](http://www.koat.com/news/omarees-stepfather-charged-in-childs-death/25743702) on the story.

Both his mother and step-father were charged.  One of the cops who responded to the 911 call was fired and another was suspended for 56 hours. 




 First GMO labeling and now this?!  Could it be that Vermont's government isn't completely corrupt? Should I start packing my bags for Vermont? 




 How bout that Queen of Thorns? *swoon* 




 In the call, the man mentions the kid's little brother.  Please tell me that child is now out of reach of these sick sick people! 




 Literally. 




 Upsagans for you, good sir! 




 So brave. 




 Your post is so arrogant and assumptive it's not really even worth replying to, but here goes.

But the GMO labeling initiative is not in any way meant to inform or educate consumers. It's meant to mislead and scaremonger.

This is not a fact, it's an assumption.  The people who rally and petition to get GMO labeling laws on the ballots care very much about consumer knowledge.  Calling GMOs "GMOs" is not in any way misleading.  If the industry is proud of their product why are they afraid to let people know what it is?  You would think they would wear the label with pride.

Mandatory labeling doesn't necessarily imply a "huge health risk".  It implies that people should be free to make their own decisions for a variety of different reasons.  It has nothing to do with how safe the industry-funded studies say it is.  As I said before, there are a variety of reasons someone might want to avoid GMOs.  We don't need to go point by point on those reasons.  It's about having the knowledge necessary to make personal decisions about what to put in ones own body AND what industry practices we want to encourage with our dollars.  **Saying that people shouldn't have the right to know what they are eating because they don't know what's good for themselves is EXTREMELY arrogant.**

Then you quoted some arguments for labeling in the bill, but offered no refutation of those points, just said it was "propaganda".  Ok, well that's like your opinion, man.

How is slapping a sticker on something that says "GMO" going to solve the problem of GMO ignorance?

Well, for one it's going to let people know that they are and have been eating GMO foods for years.  Make of that what you will.  Most people don't even know what GMOs are.  When they see it labeled they are going to go home and look it up, and then it will be up to them to decide if it's something they want to buy or not.  If you are a proponent of GMOs, the best thing you can do is to make your case for them honestly and out in the open.  Not just hope that people never realize what they are eating.

You obviously didn't read the article I linked to, so whatever.

Now, looking through your post history reveals that your entire account is devoted to pro GMO posting. 2,831 comments and every single one about GMOs.  Now tell us something honestly.  Are you paid to do this? 




 Do you know if VT's law will count as a state towards enacting CT's law? 




 The potential problem with labeling GMOs is that the vast majority of consumers are not educated on them.

You are contradicting yourself with this statement.  You are saying that because most people don't know about GMOs, we shouldn't notify people about GMOs.  Don't you think that if people realized that nearly everything they buy in the store contains GMOs they will be more likely to educate themselves about them?  How is not labeling going to solve the problem of GMO ignorance? It's not.

Moreover, health concerns aren't the only reason people are concerned about GMOs. What about the fact that [pesticide use is increasing due to GMOs](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/02/us-usa-study-pesticides-idUSBRE89100X20121002)?  What about the concerns that GMOs further encourage monoculture farming, something which many believe we need to move away from for the sake of the environment?

Those with concerns about GMOs and their impact on our planet might be more educated than you think. 




 Ser pounce loves the bitches 




 Score! 




 That is until they pass the books.  Then I imagine we will have two parallel universes that only converge on the major plot points laid out by Martin. 




 All of the kids in the books were aged by about 3 years in the show. 




 But what's strange is that that submission actually has the same URL as mine, and search still didn't find it. 




 I searched for the link. I thought that would find it.  Anyway, I'm getting karma, so who cares. EDIT: joke people, joke. 









 10 0100 0011 1110 




 "But where do these systems of obedience come from? Why do we recognize power instead of individual autonomy? These questions are fascinating to me. It's all this strange illusion, isn't it?"

Spot on. 




 This whole thread is a racist joke. 




 Plus, it was hawt. 




 Look again. There is water in the cup. 




 True.  But NotSoSlenderMan gets the joke.  It clicks in his brain, but he doesn't laugh.  Humor is a funny thing. 




 Just spent a few minutes searching for a video of Mitch telling jokes to Tupac, thinking it must have been some defining moment in his career.. then I got it. 




 Understanding why something is funny has little to do with finding it funny.  You should have said "I guess I don't find it funny." 




 And even before him.. [the man who revealed the existence of the NSA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perry_Fellwock) 




 Before him was [William Binny](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Binney_(U.S._intelligence_official\)).

edit: hard link to format! 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=jidf l=1

I don't understand what you are implying. 




 You do realize that the "JIDF" picked that name for themselves, right?  It's a perfect example of what I was talking about above.  Zionists trying to speak on behalf of all Jews to legitimize their cause. 




 This is just sick! 




 SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK SKANK!!!! 




 Guess what. There are some racist people on /r/conspiracy[1] , just as there are some racist people in every subreddit, and probably every subculture in the world. I call them out when I see them. Not everyone, or even most people, on there are racist. You can cherry pick examples of ugliness from any subreddit. What is the point of doing this? Seriously? 




 Dude said..
we want to be there to ensure that [wikipedia articles] are balanced and Zionist in nature.


Does he see the irony in that statement? 




 Ever hear of the [Streisand effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect)?
EDIT: This was supposed to be in reply to salvia_d above. 




 /r/conspiracy is really struggling to walk this fine line.  The problem arises from Zionism being so conflated with Judaism, by Zionist themselves, as well as its critics.  We all know that criticism of Israel doesn't equate to "antisemitism" (anti-Judaism).  It becomes confusing because of the Zionist's insistence that it does, which is really presumptuous on their part because there are MANY jews who either actively oppose Zionism, or just don't care that much one way or the other.  Further, many people do in fact use the "anti-Zionism does not equal antisemitism" defense to say things which actually ARE anti-jewish.  I see it on this subreddit all the time and it becomes really exhausting to call it out all the time (while usually being downvoted for doing so). 




 Because there were no wars before Israel?  I'm sorry, I'm the first to criticize the Israeli government for its policies of discrimination, aggression, etc. but this sort of hyperbole is really not helping. 




 I'll just say that in chess, if you resign your chance of winning becomes 0%.  Also the unpredictability of the future is our friend. 




 I don't buy any of this crap. 














 You correctly identified the challenges, but why ever start with the premise that a problem "won't be solved"? These certainly are big challenges and it does look like the cards are stacked against us, but we can and WILL overcome. I will never believe that humanity is doomed to slavery.  We just need to start thinking outside the box and taking bold action.

Companies are legally responsible for maximizing profit to shareholders, not sharing the profits with workers or hiring more workers

This is true of corporations, and this is why we should avoid working for corporations.  Join or start a workers coop!  I've seen some very successful ones, for instance, look at the rise of credit unions as an alternative to commercial banks.  What's to stop worker's collectives from advancing in every single industry if we have the will to do it?

Globalization has merely made all human labor cheaper as jobs now compete with slave labor (it's unbelievable wrong that slavery still exists in the year 2014... yet slaves make our clothes, our ipads, etc.)

So stop buying crap.  Commit to buying/trading/gifting locally with people you know.  You'll end up with really unique stuff that you treasure and that you know that no one suffered to make.

Technology continues to reduce the need of human labor

This is actually a really good thing!  It's only under our current system that technology (which is really just efficiency) becomes a hardship for people.  Doing things with less effort is a good thing.  I can image a world where machine produce our food and other goods in sustainable ways and leaves humans to innovate and relax.  Learn DIY technology and you'll be taking the power back.

The rise of the sociopath... the system of profits over social good/contribution rules the day now.

It starts with you.  Change your own life and you begin transforming society.  Transform society and you begin to change people's psychology.

Debt ... finally the big one. When you spend more than you have for a long time, you eventually destroy growth. A person would have declared bankruptcy and started fresh, but a gov with $17T of debt can't declare bankruptcy. With no room for more debt (beyond the rate at which it will rise already) there's basically no money to drive any kind of growth initiatives or more importantly create confidence that things are going to be 'ok' for the next 30 years (which spurs investment).

When people rely less on the pervasive system to meet their everyday needs, money will slowly lose its importance.  This may take a really long time or it may happen very quickly.  In the meantime a political movement to alleviate people from debt would be a big help.

**TL;DR: There is hope.  Think creatively!** 




 Yes it is. 




 Dude... don't tell me how "Jews" operate.  Say all you want about Zionists, people with a political agenda, but when you go throwing the word "Jew" around you come off sounding like a bigoted prick.  Not all jews are Zionists and many are adamantly anti-Zionist.  If you read the article posted you would understand that. 




 Shrooms are still legal in Holland? I thought they were banned after a drunk/tripping French girl threw herself off a bridge in '07. 




 This news of Israel dropping fluoride is undoubtedly a good thing.  Most of the Israeli population is manipulated by their government just like any other nation.  An awakening of Israeli consciousness will help them to understand and challenge the atrocities going on in their name.  I don't think removing fluoride means they are gearing up for more war.  The Israeli government has no problem starting wars as is. 




 I thought this was [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ythrdCsOFJU) 




 If fluoride makes people docile and apathetic, and removing it makes them aggressive, why is the most aggressive country in the world, the USA, fluoridated? 




 Americans won't get off their asses to protest being spied on in every conceivable way, but they will to defend their right to stream movies?  Well, maybe. 




 Instructions unclear: penis stuck in Le Nice MayMay Man 




 Instructions unclear: mind stuck on this silly meme 




 Fair enough.  See my reply to /u/NegativeGhostwriter below.  Thanks for replying with actual evidence instead of just ignoring/downvoting me.  I would really like to continue to investigate things with a skeptic such as yourself, and perhaps we can take a look at some other claims.  In the future I'll do my own debunking before submitting bodies of evidence to others (especially skeptics).

Everybody has confirmation bias.  The only way to approach truth is through a constant challenging of beliefs by others who with different world views.  I think a subreddit devoted to theorists and skeptics doing just this in a friendly matter would be awesome.  I (and many other people who challenge widely-accepted assumptions) really am committed to finding the truth, wherever that may lead.  Let's work together on that. 




 When I first posted my link I was downvoted immediately without anyone posting any sort of rebuttal.  That's why I wrote my edit.  I'm happy /u/Tony_AbbottPBUH actually replied with some real information and I spend a lot of time looking through the NIST documents.  He seems to be right that some of the information in the link I posted seems to have no valid source.  I am perfectly capable of seeing this and admitting when I am wrong.  I am not an expert on everything 9/11, and in fact, I haven't been 100% convinced with any version of the events.  I am committed to truth and I challenge myself and others.  Do not make assumptions about me (or anyone) please. 




 Uptoked. 









 Discredited by whom?  Why don't you try addressing the content of the article instead of using ad hominems? 




 [Here is a link to the Snowden interview](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIhS9aB-qgU). I'm watching it now before I form an opinion. 




 [Debunking the debunking](http://www.ae911truth.org/en/news-section/41-articles/676-debunking-popular-mechanics.html)

EDIT: It's actually kind of sad how you guys are more interested in jerking each other off while confirming your own preconceived notions than having anything close to resembling an actual discussion, debate, or exchange of information and ideas. 




 I just made an account to say this, and I'm hijacking the top comment to say this, and I'm probably going to be downvoted for this but...

Upvote me. 




 Can't we just have something genuinely uplifting around here for a change? 




 He's also started extending the range of the light spectrum that he can hear.  He can now perceive UV and IR light.  Pretty darn cool (and useful?). 




 He talks about it in the video linked to in the article.  I was really hoping you'd be able to train yourself to have that sense even after you remove the sensor. 




 You're saying that one can't criticize or advocate independence from corporations if they've ever once used a service or purchased a product from one?  That's pretty a pretty absurd sentiment.  Following that logic it would be "hypocritical" to petition for any sort of governmental change if you've ever walked down a road paved by tax money. 




 So? 




 Take your life into your own hands.  Yes, the system is completely corrupt. You can not rely on your politicians, your "leaders", your government, or your corporations.  You can only rely on yourself and your community.  (Choose your community wisely.)

The way to freedom is through self-sufficiency.  Learn to grow your own food.  If you can produce your own power, even better.  Find the right people to band together with and build a life that depends less and less on the existing power structure.

When people do this in mass, and the state is fading to irrelevancy, it will have one last death throe where it tries with all it's might to cling to power.  But once the illusion of power is broken, there will really be nothing for them to do but die.  Then we will be free.  It all starts with taking matters into our own hands.  It starts with you! 









 Sometimes they are brown. 




 Quick point: not all apples are red. 




 You said it yourself. They don't share information.  Next question: what is the FBI looking for? 




 I'm trying to find the source for the super high resolution capabilities of spy satellites.  That they exist at all is [very well documented](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reconnaissance_satellite) and is [confirmed by former DIA-aget Russel Tice](https://www.boilingfrogspost.com/2013/06/19/podcast-show-112-nsa-whistleblower-goes-on-record-reveals-new-information-names-culprits/).  Now think about how clearly you can make out a car in Google Earth, and this is just what is publicly available.  They've spent billions of dollars on this technology.  I'll keep looking for a source for the candy bar wrapper claim. 




 There are [17 different spy agencies in the Unites States](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Intelligence_Community)!  If they were all sharing data there would be absolutely no need to do a low level flyover like this.  At least one agency has satellites capable of reading the label off of a candy bar from space. 




 What I don't understand is, why do they have to do this when they have the capability to monitor us from space with spy satellites?  According to Russel Tice, a whistle blower, former DIA analyst, and satellite systems specialist they have the capability to read the label off a candy bar on the ground from space.  The only explanation I can think of is that the FBI doesn't have this capability itself.  In fact, we have 17 different "intelligence" agencies in the United States and there  must be a lot of redundancy. 




 It's even tougher than just fighting special interests groups.  Take a look at [this graph](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) showing the overlap of Monsanto employees and government officials.  The government literally IS the special interest group! 




 Very interesting part is at the end of the article:

Nassim Taleb, professor of risk engineering at New York University and author of best-sellers 'The Black Swan' and 'Fooled by Randomness,' recently said that GMOs have a very real ability to cause "an irreversible termination of life at some scale, which could be the planet." Talebs thesis basically stems from the fact that GMOs come from laboratory alterations rather than natural processes, and that humans cannot understand that with each modified seed, the potential for total ecocide increases.

"There is no comparison between the [bottom-up] tinkering of selective breeding and the top-down engineering of taking a gene from an organism and putting it into another, Taleb and colleagues say in a draft of their research.

"The planet took about close to zero risks of ecocide in trillions of variations over 3 billion years, otherwise we would not have been here." 









 Source for this quote please. 




 Oh.  Who thinks that? 




 Just because you're trying to separate truth from lies about a disagreeable topic doesn't mean you are a "fan" of that topic.  For instance, I don't like soft drinks, but if someone said that Coca Cola contains donkey piss, I would call them out on that.  I'm not defending coke, but defending truth.  There are plenty of valid reasons to criticize the soft drink industry without inventing any.  Please try to move beyond black and white thinking and you'll be helping our cause. 




 I know that.. but why would he say "Obama will be watching us", other than it being an ironic thing to say? 




 http://www.worthytoshare.net/six-important-facts-youre-told-lost-malaysia-airlines-flight-370 




 You did fine. I should have replied to OP and not you. 




 I think this is more of a symptom of a world in crisis than the cause. 




 We NEED primary sources. 




 Wouldn't it suck if your last name was Rothschild and you had nothing to do with any of this? 




 Don't get it. 




 Please watch [This interview with Russel Tice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUkj3cUwVC4) for some insight on   this.  Here is [another interview with him] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6m1XbWOfVk). 




 Is another old, white politician really the solution? 
























