









 [Ben Howard's version of Video Games by Lana Del Rey.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Men2J9uebI) 









 To Build a Home - Patrick Watson and The Cinematic Orchestra
If You Wanna Go - Joy Williams 
Old Skin - lafur Arnalds ft. Arnor Dan
Rivers and Roads - The Head and the Heart

oops now I'm crying
 





























 I read this in the voice of Lucille Bluth. 




 ie. Walking through parking lots with a key sticking between your fingers so you can stab any potential attackers or punching the shower curtain to knock out potential shower murderers 




 Bitch cousin stuffed my German Pokemon cards into a small crack in my toy kitchen and we weren't able to retrieve them. I don't think I'd ever been so devastated. They were in fucking German. 





























 Today, while applying eyeliner I realized that every morning as I did this, the amount of liquid on the applier would run out after the right eye. I had come to expect this and it had become part of my routine to  re-dip my applier in liquid after my right eye so as to have enough for my left eye. My immediate thought following this was that the eyeliner knew that I had come to expect this of it and it was following some sort of self-fulfilling prophecy/confirmation bias and would run out on purpose so as to support my expectation. [7] 

















































 Today, I lost my virginity. My boyfriend and I had attempted to have sex before but it had hurt too much to continue, so we had planned to wait a few more months. Naturally, I was preparing myself to handle what I thought would hurt like a bitch. Cut to romantic date night leading up to what was supposed to be a magical moment. I was terrified and positive it would be a bloody, painful mess. But for some reason, I guess due to the foreplay/lube, when he put it in, it barely hurt. And I, reveling in the lack of pain, exclaimed, "Is that it?!". I asked my poor boyfriend, "Is that it?" as he took my virginity.

Disclaimer: He has a big dick.  




 No phones, no internet.. poor lost animals :( 




 Hello! I love your music and saw your concert in Dallas last year and it was mindblowing. It was my boyfriend's first concert and probably his favorite, to date. We were wondering what your favorite collaborations have been and if we have any to look forward to in the near future. Thanks so much for doing this AMA! 




 not so much on the tip of my tongue since I know what it is but I can't find the video where Ken Jennings answers a Jeopardy question with "what be ebonics?". can anyone help? 
























