 Yes, this is it! Thank you so much! I've been searching for this forever! 




 Sorry, not those either. 




 Hmm... That's not it, and I don't think either of those bands would play it. Thanks though! Found some nice new music! 




 I've only heard the song I'm looking for twice. Both times it was played on a radio station that plays bands like: AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, The Allman Brothers, Lynyrd Skynyrd and other bands, mostly from the 70's and 80's. I think it has piano, drums, bass, vocals and flute for most of it. Just one man is singing. I can't remember any of the lyrics to it. Please let me know if there is anything else that would help!


Edit: It's not a rock song at all. It sounds like it should be on an easy listening station or something like that

Edit 2: I took a look at some more Jethro Tull songs and the one I'm looking for sounds a lot like Jethro Tull's [Serenade To A Cuckoo cover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zh4GZJlQCfY) except with a singer and more upbeat. 




 How did you come up with the name "B Story"? 




 Hi Julian! When did you start making videos on a professional level? Are there older videos that no one has ever seen? 




 No, you just didn't know. :) 




 Hello! What is your favorite band? I'm curious to know where you get your musical influence from (if any). 




 Hello Julian! How long was the filming for the Back Then music video? 




 Sadly she has passed away. :( 




 Hi Julian. I just wanted to say that when I  watched the Back Then music video, you blew me away with it. I think you have really reached a new level in your filmmaking. I hope you get to where you want to go soon, be it Hollywood, or just the rest of the internet. 




 Mac or PC? 




 The Beatles. Yes or no? 




 Very nice! 




 I hate when there is an amazing AmA and get there after it's over.(?) 




 Today: I Went to the library, got two boxes of candy as a present and had ratatouille for dinner.

BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!  




 If it were possible, would you ever want to cook in space for the astronauts on the ISS? 




 This has been bugging me for ages...
What is nougat made of!?  




 Do you think onions should be genetically altered to make people laugh instead of cry? 




 If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life what would it be? 




 Thanks for doing an AMA Alton! 
My question is: What's your take on locavores ? 




 Hello Alton! I am wondering when you knew that cooking was your definite career choice. 
























 Comment for later 




 I guess it depends on where you live. Pretty much all of the schools near me have drug/bullying problems, nothing major but enough to garner attention. The short time I did go to a "real" school wasn't bad at all though. In fact I rather enjoyed the whole experience! All my friends who were home-schooled and went to school are very happy. 




 When I was younger my parents had a lot of input about what I was doing for school work. These past couple of years I've been overseeing myself mostly. No tutors per say, but my mom knows a lot of teachers and she sometimes gets them to do something like, a weekly math class for a month or so. 




 Worth it? Just from interacting with teens your own age everyday? It's cool that you stayed home-schooled for so long, a couple of my friends decided to go to school a little younger than that. Most of them went to school at around 11 or 12 years old 




 I am 16 and I'm from The United States of America. Sorry about that, I'll add that to the description! 









 [Tomorrow](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvG3kzleE48) by Paul McCartney. Very underrated vocal performance in my opinion! 




 [Holly Hop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6C355ZIfs0) by Buddy Holly   [Never Going Back Again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVfiMFoCl3k) by Fleetwood Mac 




 Melee (weapon) as Mlee

Bichon Fris (dog) as Becon Fise, and before that I used to call them "Bacon Fries". 




 I heard you had an incident with a soybean field when you were younger, is this true? 




 I guess I'll have to buy a gamepad now... Dangit valve 




 I've got no game pad, guess I can't be part of the beta :( 




 We can only hope they actually release the third announcement.... 




 Me, in an orange t-shirt and brown shorts playing tag with my cousins. I remember this because it was *the moment* I realized I existed. I know it sounds weird, but at that moment I stopped playing for a second and thought: "I'm here"

I then went on to win that game of tag. 




 The fact that no one knows if there's an afterlife of any kind. Thinking about this used to REALLY freak me out when I was younger, I mean full on panic attacks. It still makes me sick to my stomach when I think about it now.

We don't know and we'll never know what happens to our souls/thoughts when we die. 




 How much did you have to be goaded in doing an AMA? 




 Finally! Me and my cousin have been making weird and wonderful flavor combos for ages. We've tried at least 2 dozen different things. Some of our favorites include  


  Potato chips + Cake frosting  
Jell-O + Mashed potatoes   
Asparagus + Raspberry jelly  
Bananas + Maple syrup  
Tomatoes + Baked Beans  

And cinnamon, lots and lots of cinnamon. We put that on almost everything: Pizza, salad, eggs, soup, sandwiches, hamburgers and even on fruit! 
 




 This very much reminded me of [The Pearl] (http://lostpedia.wikia.com/wiki/The_Pearl) station from Lost 




 Oh! This is actually the one I was looking for! 




 Cool. Thanks for the information! 




 [This] (http://candies.aniwey.net/) game and this [one.] (http://orteil.dashnet.org/experiments/cookie/) They're not exactly point and click type games. I'm not sure if there is a genre for this kind of game. 




 Oh, I didn't know that! Thanks! 
























 Right now? The Mamas and The Papas - [I Saw Her Again] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vaIBZCLUQU)  




 The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads - Talking Heads 




 Humans landing on Mars. 




 Edit 




 The three R's: repetition, repetition, repetition. 




 This is my dream bass.... 









 Well, all the better games are usually more expensive... 














 Like the title says, I need a liquid or gel-like substance that will lubricate the fretboard without rusting the stings or ruining the neck and frets with prolonged usage. Something that wont drip or run down the guitar would be great.

Edit: Thanks for all of the helpful information! 









 It's actually a duel map with 22 civs and 3 city states. I don't know how this was possible, but I am using quite a few mods. Thanks for the answer! 




 I've been playing on a tiny map with 22 civs and all the land that can be claimed already has been, even the oceans. So I was wondering what happens to border growth when there's nowhere to go? Does it count towards culture? It is useless now? 




 So, what I want as a long lasting career is to be a grip on a movie set. I really love photography and cinematography, and I want to help make movies come alive.

I've already taken some steps towards achieving this goal by volunteering with for local community TV station and taking a few different digital media classes in my high school.

Is there anything else I can do to progress with my dream? 




 So, what I want as a long lasting career is to be a grip on a movie set. I really love photography and cinematography, and I want to help make movies come alive.

I've already taken some steps towards achieving this goal by volunteering with for local community TV station and taking a few different digital media classes in my high school.

Is there anything else I can do to progress with my dream? 









 Thanks! I was actually planing a trip to Taxco already! 




 The title says it all really. I've know that Mexico City has lots of museums and I'm looking forward to those. Sorry this is so vague right now, I wrote it in a hurry. 

Edit: I'm looking for anything that might have to do with music, traditional music preferably, and also I'm interested in fruits from Mexico that might not be readily available in the united States. 




 This game looks really promising so far. 




 From the looks of it, the player chooses whether they want to play lead, rhythm or bass at the start up of the game. How long does it take and how complicated it is to switch between these in game?   




 I mean what is the best invention that makes our lives somewhat easier?
Just some examples of the type of things I mean: scissors, band-aids, pens... simple objects. Sliced bread was first produced in 1928, so anything made after that is fair game. 
























 I mean really! 









 It doesn't necessarily have to be your favorite song, just whichever one you think is the most beautiful. I'm talking about anything at all: classical, rock, metal, hymns, folk, tribal chants... Just so long as it's pleasing to you. 




 I wonder where that blue sand came from? 




 Why did you do this? 




 Moonrise Kingdom. 




 Yeah, kilometerstones would just sound stupid. 




 It would be interesting to see what any Wes Anderson movie might look like with this. 




 Holy cow! I just finished reading John Green's book "Will Grayson, Will Grayson", and I never even though to check if the band in the book (Neutral Milk Hotel) was real! 




 I have to agree 100% 














 I'd have to agree with you on that! 









 Well even here in the United States up around New England lots of teenagers are wearing this kind of thing. 




 I never would have thought that teenagers would be wearing sock with sandals, but apparently that's the style. [This is what I mean.](http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/236x/6a/75/fb/6a75fb4f24c22f28dcb0aa0382bccdd8.jpg) 




 Now we wait? 




 That's what I thought too. This scene and the "boss fight" scene in the streets were a little *too* fantastical for my tastes. 




 I convinced my parents and my sister to come see it with me in the theater and they all loved it too. I really enjoyed the photography aspect throughout the film as well. 









 +/u/compilebot javascript

    var i = 20; 
    while (i--) { print("what is this i dont even..."); }

 




 +/u/compilebot javascript

    var i = 20; while (i--) { print("what is this i dont even..."); }
 
























