 Cyman: They're quite oppressive. We are each partnered with agents during missions, though we typically go in solo depending on the situation. We're monitored 24/7 with no contact to the outside world, including social media or any contact with those of us who have remaining family. So, to answer your question, they're quite effective at keeping their collar around our necks and make us do their bidding. 




 BB: Superhero is a general term. As for being heroes, I guess it depends on your perspective of the situation.

Lumen: We save peoples' lives. Not all of those who are like us are the good guys, dude. 

Shell: And who says we're the good guys, Lumen?

Cyman: Guys, relax. We do hunt and detain those like us. It's a fact, but we also have a secret agenda. We stay in contact with those who haven't been warped by their abilities and still retained a moral compass while staying in DC (Detainment Center), and they are putting together a movement to help overcome the government oppression. 




 Lumen: I already suggested it. Shell punched me in the arm - I couldn't use it for a week. 




 Cyman: US. 




 Cyman: We were brought together by a secretive department of the government. As more homo-superiors sprouted, they realized they needed as task force capable of going in, stopping the threat, and bringing it in.

Lumen: We all met after each of us went through a series of tests. We've been together ever since.

Cyman: We've been told that there won't be any need to add new members, but there's a Beta team. 

Lumen: Things are heating up here. More and more Superiors are popping up and coming out the woodwork, so we needed a secondary team to help out. 

Aggie: I've heard there's even a similar team in India. I thought about asking to be transferred, but I figured there would be problems with International relations if I was sent to another country with all the American Intelligence I have encountered. 




 My codename is Lumen. I'm the youngest of the crew, and I came up with all our codenames. I have the ability to project blasts of light, become invisible, create illusions, and shoot an intense laser ray (though it leaves me completely weak unless I absorb more like from the Sun). I'm comic relief, even if my jokes are bad. I'm also good at creating distractions. Feel free to ask us anything!
***

I'm Cyman (I didn't choose the codename, as Lumen already stated). I can calculate probabilities in my head faster than any computer or technological advance in the world, but it has overheated my brain, leaving me half human and half robot, of sorts. I have a cooling system routed along my back and over my bald head (reminiscent of subdermal body mods) which runs on a battery pack attached to my belt. I do not sleep due to the constant calculations in my head, so I focus by playing the drums. The chair I sit in helps charge the battery pack at my belt. Due to my ability, I lead the team of five and make gameplans almost on the fly.
***

I'm Shell. Not all that original when you consider my given name, but whatever. I'm a former detective that worked in one of the most dangerous metropolitan areas in the world. Unfortunately, due to my bad temper, and my freakish ability to withstand practically all forms of punishment, I was forced to quit and given a spot on the team. My skin is incredibly hard and numb, making it difficult for anyone to hurt or cause me pain. So I'm the bodyguard. There. I'm done.
***

Good day. I'm Aggie, short for not only my God-given name, but for my codename given to me by Lumen: Aggregator. I'm originally from Bangladesh, India, but I moved to the US in hopes of continuing my education in neurology focusing in the olfactory senses. I have the unique ability to create various types of pheromones that produce a number of different results: attract, focus, dispel, and even put to sleep. Unfortunately, I have an intense sense of smell and it makes it difficult living in today's society filled with intense scents. Excuse me but someone walked in reeking of Stetson. * blegh *
***

Lumen calls me BB, short for Blood Brother. As a former medical student, I have the ability to control blood cells. This ability allows me to heal and even cause pain, though I try not to unless the situation is dire. I've even used my ability to release endorphines and adrenaline in the bodies of my teammates to give them a super boost. I prefer to stay on the sidelines, but I'm deeply devoted to these guys as they're the only family I have left. 




 Me: Self-loathing, feel unworthy, gullible, sweet, humorous, wants to be good at something, strives to make everyone happy, selfish, loves food, lonely

Story: "Shh, shh, shh, little birdie," he whispered in the kidnapped man's ear. He held the older man close as they both lied next to each other on the bed. Poor Jordie, he always preferred older men and he finally found himself the perfect man: forty-year-old Ritchie Dorn.

Ritchie, a graphic designer at a small downtown marketing firm, met Jordie when the late-twenty-something worked briefly at the firm answering phones and running errands. He remembered disliking the round, pudgy young man right away. He was loud, obnoxious, yearned for attention, and he always talked. It made things difficult to concentrate at work. It was upon Ritchie's suggestion to the owner, Mr. Benewith, that Jordie be let go. He thought that would be the last he'd see of the annoying little brat.

He stared at Jordie who snuggled into the space between his neck and shoulder, eyes closed, feigning sleep. His bloodshot green eyes bulged as he wished he could loosen his hands and free himself of this torture.

"You'll never leave," Jordie said, as if reading the other man's mind. He opened his walnut-shaped blue eyes and his sweet nature turned sour. "I know you dislike me. But I like you and you have no choice but to enjoy your time with me. Because this is it, Ritchie. This is your end. Your last moments will be spent with me before I finally put you out of your misery."

Jordie got up from the mattress and stood at the end of the bed, over Ritchie as he continued speaking: "Trust me. I know I'm no picnic to spend with, but I'm a good person... well, I try to be. I'm not near as bad as you think, really. I promise to make it as enjoyable within my means." His eyes focused on Ritchie's. "But I'm getting what I want out of this." He gripped the golden-tinted bedframe as his mind spaced while feelings of abandonment filled him. "I'm tired of being alone."

"I know," Ritchie said. "I've been lonely too-"

Jordie banged his fist against the frame, causing the rounded pipe at the top to bend in. "SHUT UP. Don't do that. Don't try to empathize with me. You're not being released. You're not going to be given freedom. This is my time, my gift to me. Nothing you say will change my mind. So just accept your fate, Mr. Dorn. Because from today to the end of your life, you're mine." 




 Uplifting that he got a job and people were so kind to him. Unfortunate that he's working for a company that chooses to use its money against US citizens who deserve to be treated equally. 




 Everyone keeps saying Sushi Train but it's never fresh. It doesn't taste great. It's sub-par but cheap. 

I prefer Tokyo Sushi at 71st and Garnett near Fox   Hound and Mexico Lindo. Typically quiet. Service can be slow if crowded, but that's only happened twice. They have $25 unlimited sushi, but it isn't a buffet.

You get a menu which pretty much has all the rolls you can think of, including stir fry, fried rice, lo mein, and hibachi options. There's salads, appetizers, and deserts on the menu also. It's all made fresh to order. I've never had a bad experience and I've gone about 10-15 times in the past 3 years since I moved back from Ohio.

I never tried anywhere else, so I'm not saying there aren't other good places. But $25 unlimited food just cannot be beat when it's made fresh as you order with quality ingredients. At first, the hostess comes off a little cold and impersonal, but she's just focused on her job. One day, I sat down and spoke with her for about an hour because she wanted help in finding online option for english-speaking programs to help her sons learn English (I had been watching Netflix). I told her about Netflix and all the options, including the PBS children's programming that had a lot of edutainment shows. She also knows I bring a lot of people in and has been incredibly considerate to me.

So that's my story. It seems like people get really defensive about their sushi restaurants here. To each their own. 




 The past month-and-a-half I've been trying to keep everything together. I'm 27, living with my gambling parents for the past 3 years while dealing with my own gambling problem and depression. I've lost my best friend due to gambling (and her own personal problems), lost many jobs due to not being able to pull myself out of the deep emotional shit hole I'm in, and I'm ready to literally take my vehicle and wrap it around the nearest telephone pole if things don't start calming down.

My 19-year-old niece and her fiancee have moved in with us into a tiny two bedroom house. They're sleeping in the dining room we've converted into a faux-bedroom for the time being. I do not like my niece's fiancee because he's 22, shows immense jealousy over the stupidest shit, and he finds things to tattle about on people which just isn't helping the situation. I helped get the two of them a job at my work and he starts next week while my niece starts in 2 weeks. Sadly, this means very little money for anything, including the gas I'm using to transport them back and forth once work starts for them. And my parents refuse to help.

My parents originally made somewhere between $30-32/hr until my mom lost her job. She refuses to look for another job and is waiting for unemployment to come in. When I didn't have a job, she expected the house to stay clean. Now that she's unemployed, she just uses my niece and her fiancee to keep everything clean. She also has a ton of personal and check loans at various companies and with family members. My father owes my great-aunt $7000. The two of them blame me for living with them for the past 3 years for the reason they are in debt even though the bills haven't gone up since I lived there. There were times they didn't buy any groceries because they said it would motivate me to keep a job. It did not because it only fueled my depression to the point where I would take a prescribed sleeping pill, sleep, wake up and take another sleeping pill, and sleep. I ate a tablespoon of peanut butter a day and a few crackers in order to stay alive for about 2 weeks until they finally got tired of not having any food in the house and started buying them again.

I'm not a victim. I'm really not. I should be able to keep a job, and I should move out of my parents' house. I never had them pay for anything of mine (gas, car insurance, or telephone bill). I have tons of debt from various accounts being shut off due to nonpayment. My parents have turned things on in my name as well and they decided not to pay them because I never paid any rent. This was during periods when I didn't have a job and they promised to pay the bills. I will never turn anything on again unless it's for me and I know I have the money.

This past month-and-a-half I've been doing really well with my gambling habit. I haven't gone; I've been seeing a therapist that focuses on gambling; and I've self-banned at the area casinos. All my money has gone towards my personal bills, getting caught up where I can, and food for five in the house.

Last night, my niece told me she didn't want to move out with me any longer despite working towards that since she moved in. It was going to be so easy to move out together, the three of us. Now, I have to adjust my priorities and try to save and get out on just my own which will be difficult since I don't make much money. Then, I was notified that my two nephews (20 and 16) keep coming over to eat dinner despite my 20 year old nephew making more money than all of us and their mother (whom they live with) recently winning $7000. I asked them via text to please stop coming over to eat at our house until we can get back on our feet, unless they bring food to help cover themselves. Normally, I wouldn't care, but providing for two weeks of food for five people when nobody else is helping cover these expenses has been a huge stress as my mom keeps telling me I need to move out. 

My mother tells me this morning that my father will not have me telling anyone they cannot eat at "their house". He's sticking up for my 20 year old nephew who does actually help my parents a lot with a lot of physical stuff around the house. He also lets my dad borrow his game systems and stuff to play games. So I get this idea of standing up for my nephew, but my younger nephew is a thief (he's stolen my dad's PS3 before, including my Motorola RAZR MAXX) and I work evenings during dinnertime. I am not there to keep an eye and making sure nothing is taken. And again, I'm the one footing the bill. But my parents don't see it that way. It's "their house" and it's "their rules". Fine. Then, I'll take "my food" and I'll eat "my food" and nobody else can touch "my food". 

I used to pay rent every week when I worked at 18-22 years old until my parents became gamblers. Now, my money will not go towards their gambling habit. They'll have extra money while I pay the bills to help fund their addiction, and I'm not having it. I am fighting my own addiction. My money is no longer going to the casino or helping anyone else fund their trips to the casino.

Am I being incredibly unfair? I don't expect my parents to help, but I do need help. I have nowhere else to go or turn to until I can get out on my own. And I'm not going to rush out and get a place just because they're tired of having people in their space. I didn't invite my niece and her fiancee to stay with us; my mother did. I want to move out right and make sure I don't have to come back. Is that really so much to ask? 




 What's that thing on your neck? 

At 14, I got a pimple on my neck and I popped it, but a small lump stayed behind. As I grew in size, with a 330 lbs body, my fat face hid the thing on my neck pretty well. Then, I lost thirty pounds and my face became a lot slimmer and it's more visible. Everyone asks about the lump.

It's probably a cyst or something odd. I don't have insurance, haven't had insurance, but I am planning on visiting the doctor after my 90-days and I get benefits from my company. But it's annoying having to explain that this disgusting, weird tumor on the side of my neck is actually a disgusting, weird tumor-like lump thanks to not properly popping it at 14-years-old. 




 I apologize if I made any assumptions based on anything you wrote. I may have jumped into it too excitedly. If you still do not mind, let me go ahead and respond.

Killian - Maybe it was how I worded it, but I thought I got the gist of what you were saying. I was agreeing that his transformation didn't work, but I was trying to make the argument that it isn't much of stretch for a narcisstic, selfish guy to become a bad guy. Somehow, we, as the audience, accepted it easily, but people had issues with Killian becoming a bad guy because he's mostly being a bad guy for narcisstic, selfish reasons. Thanks to "All Hail the King", we learn that the REAL Mandarin is out there, and I would say he's the actually schemer at the Nexus of Terrorism. Killian was merely a filler as the bad guy in IM3, and that's sad. The writers focused on Ben Kingsley's Mandarin, but they used him merely as a front. So, I agree with your comment, but again I was able to look past the villain's background and purpose to enjoy the action of the movie.

Tony   Pepper - As I said before, the writer didn't focus on the relationship aspects in the story. Is it really a stretch for a couple to argue over these kinds of things? No. But it wasn't written well.

PTSD - I'm not an expert either, but an adrenaline focus due to his partner being kidnapped may allow him temporary control over his psychological well-being. So it isn't much of a stretch that along with learning how to cope during his time with the kid that he may have temporary control of when his PTSD hits. Of course they're using the PTSD as a gimmick, and it isn't all that realistic, but it makes the character human and this film has been dealing a lot with Tony dealing with his humanity. Are we watching an action movie hoping they are being realistic with their psychology? Further, Tony is a genius. He may be able to wrap his mind around the issue and push past it, but he needed someone to put a metaphorical mirror to his face (the kid did that). As for the end of the movie, it was a montage so we're not exactly sure how long it's been and whether he's truly okay or not. The after-credits scene shows Stark using Banner as a therapist, so he may still be suffering from PTSD.

Extremis - Totally understand. I agree. 

The Suits - I did accidentally miss the main point you were hitting in your original comment. But I do agree with you about how easy it was to destroy the suits. However, I will say that these suits may have been more prototypes than actual suits he would use to fight against a bad guy in a one-on-one fight.

Mandarin - Okay, I get what you're saying now. I didn't get "what's the problem?" from Slattery when Tony confronts him. He's just saying, "How could I not take such an incredible job?" He knows he's scum of the earth, but he wasn't respected. Now, he is, though it's less as an actor and more as a terrorist. At least, that's how I took it.

Pepper's Death - She's shown how fiery (metaphorically) she can be. She has to be to deal with Tony, after all. Sure, she tends to have control, but she just fell to her death after being kidnapped by a dude she never liked in the first place. As well as tortured since she was injected with Extremis. So I can see her going off and using her newfound abilities. 

Again, I was able to suspend my disbelief, but you were not. It's understandable.  









 I hope you do not mind me commenting and making a few of my own observations based on what you provided.

Killian- He is technically a bizarro Stark. Why is it okay for Stark, a selfish, narcissistic guy, to become a superhero but not for Killian, a selfish, narcissistic guy, to become a villain? It's because Stark charms us. Killian unfortunately doesn't have the same rapport with the audience and I feel other things were focused on (his infatuation with Pepper) than actually having an interesting reason to go against Tony (other than he knows how to fix Extremis). 

Tony   Pepper - We're out of the Honeymoon phase, folks. Things happened in IM2 and The Avengers which left the two characters in very different places. We had a brief glimpse of CEO Pepper in IM2 and The Avengers, but she's much busier. Tony, obviously, is dealing with PTSD and feeling human for once. He doesn't want to be around Pepper in such a vulnerable time. If memory serves, Pepper mentions him being away a lot, keeping busy on building suits. So the two already have a divide. Tony can't sleep, and that likely may be the only time the two spend together since Pepper's become so busy. Lastly, I think the writer just merely didn't focus heavily on their relationship, as it only becomes crucial when Pepper almost dies during the house being blown up or when she's kidnapped and injected with Extremis.

The PTSD - I honestly don't think he's completely over it. He's just learned how to cope better. Plus, he had a bit of a big situation on his hands: Pepper's kidnapped and he has a bad guy to find. At the time, it was Mandarin/Ben Kingsley. Then, it became Killian/Mandarin.

Extremis - I honestly thought it made the human characters quite disposable. Sure, it doesn't make too much sense, but the inventor does explain in the beginning of the movie how Extremis has a bizarre side effect she doesn't understand. Tony left her a quasi-cure where he was on the right track but not enough time to finish. There's a few things the script leaves completely blank as they wanted to focus more on action than say science. But Tony does obviously find a way to save Pepper.

The Suits - Tony built all those suits in hopes of finding the one perfect suit to make him immortal. As I referenced before, the events in New York left him feeling incredibly human, something he hasn't experienced before both as Iron Man or prior to becoming a superhero. Sure, Iron Man 1 did touch on it, but he still had an extreme focus and self-assuredness to help build the very first suit in the cave. In IM3, we have a very unsure Tony who has questioned whether he deserves to be a part of the Post-Avengers superhero world. At the end, he realizes that he doesn't need all the suits and he also realizes how his technology can get away from him and be used for evil, as shown in IM2. So he destroys them. It's Tony realizing it isn't the suit that makes him Iron Man, or the arc reactor. It's the MAN.

Mandarin - I was let down briefly that Ben Kingsley turned out to play an actor rather than a real terrorist. The Dark Knight Rises already showed us what happens when terrorism hits close to home on a huge level. I preferred not going over the same material. Sure, it was a letdown, but the comic version of the character does use many fronts to hide his identity. In reference to your question about Kingsley being surprised, I think it's more that he's had guards surrounding him 24/7 since he started this role. He didn't expect Tony with MacGuyver tools and a glock in his face. He expected Iron Man with pulsers to blow his head off. I'd be surprised too to see some random billionaire/genius/playboy/philanthropist pop up out of nowhere as I was having fun with two people in bed in the middle of the day with a gun in my face. Wouldn't you?

Pepper's Death - Phony? Yes. Cheap? A little. But did it make me love the character more? Fuck yes. Pepper always had some fire to her. In the comics, she becomes Rescue (an Iron Woman, if you will), so it isn't completely unheard of for her to become a complete and total badass. Extremis obviously has some side effects in making people super strong, agile, superhuman, so again it isn't much of a reach to see Pepper jump up out of nowhere and do some pretty insane flips and shit. Also, it's just pretty and makes for a great scene. 

Summary: You have valid points. I disagree with how severe they are, and I'm able to suspend my disbelief, but you weren't and that's okay. To each their own.

 




 Today, I merely wanted to sleep in a little longer than normal. It was a mere fifteen minutes, just a quarter of an hour of not really sleeping (as my alarm had gone off) and more just lying in bed enjoying the warmness wrapped in my blankets as the sun shines in my bedroom window. I took the fifteen minutes, but this meant I needed to hurry it up: eat food, make lunch, take shower, and drive to work. However, I also have to worry about my 20-year-old nephew who lives and works with me. 

He takes forever gathering his things before getting into the car. We now only have 20 minutes to get to work, where we're still new and in training. It also happens to be our 3rd time being late meaning we would get a write-up. So I choose to speed. 

I'm at my exit and ready to get off, but I'm pulled over by a highway patrolman. He gives me a ticket for $175, but he did help out by reducing how fast I was originally going. I was going 76 in a 65 and he put me down as 74. So I appreciate that, but I still haven't gotten paid in my new job.

Let's not mention my gambling addiction; my gambling parents demanding I give them money as soon as I get paid; the fact that my passenger window won't roll up today because the motor died; a new phone bill I have due on my first paycheck; car insurance; my car actually dying on me while driving; or the fact that I feel completely alone and nobody in my corner on my side. 
























 Or you could lay it to rest yourself. If he's as crazy as you say, what point will the truce make? He'll hound you no matter what it seems. So, for me, I can kinda see his point that you are trolling him, at least in this instance. Now, being paid of course is probably absurd, but I guess I've heard stranger things. 




 What I don't understand is that you are offering a truce yet you won't stop commenting. Do you think if you just stop commenting that maybe he will just leave you alone? 




 Really? Here I thought it was clunky and had pacing issues. But thank you!
 




 May 2015

Morgan Richards, a sixty-three-old retired teacher, watched her husband put the puzzle pieces of their family portrait together. The idea came from Tara, her husband's physical therapist. She had a local toy store create a puzzle using the Richards' photo as its base. So far, Mitchell had half of it finished. It'd taken him a few weeks, but the last few days had garnered an immense amount of progress. Morgan believed he would finish it tomorrow based on his current speed.

It'd been almost a month since Mitchell Morgans had been taking Memorez, a new drug made to help reverse the effects of Alzheimer's. He was 1 of 10 patients in the clinical trial, and he was demonstrating fair results. He didn't have to be reminded where he was every morning; didn't have to be told the names of the staff the hospital provided during the clinical trial; and best of all, he remembered Morgan. The children were coming in a few weeks to visit and see if he could remember them.

June 2015

The kids left awestruck at their father's progress. Morgan felt like she was getting her husband back, that he was overcoming the disease. She went upstairs to be with Mitchell, as they recently started sharing their room again since his violent outbursts had become practically non-existent. She found him sitting at their desk writing in his journal, the one the doctors told him to keep.

Coming up from behind, she looked over his shoulder and noticed him drawing. She didn't have any clue what it was, but she noticed the circular structure with odd symbols placed in specific spots. "What is that?" she asked. She thought maybe it was a memory of something he saw on the television or read in a book.

"I don't know," he said. He wasn't upset for not knowing. Normally, he'd get quite down or frustrated. This time, he sounded more intrigued by the loose memory drudging up from his mind. "Maybe something I saw in a dream."

"Maybe." She kissed the back of his head. "Time for bed."

"Ten already?" He closed his book and put the pen on top.

July 2015

The doctors are flabbergasted by Mitchell's progress. They called it a miracle drug, but they're trying to keep their excitement leashed. None of them want to rush anything by submitting the work to the FDA. Apparently, the other 9 patients are exceeding expectations also. They called the Richards in to run all the necessary tests: CAT scans, MRIs, the works. 

A few weeks later, Morgan received a call from the doctors saying Mitchell was healthy as ever. She cried at the joyous news.

Meanwhile, Mitchell returned to his shop downstairs where he tinkered and toyed with various pieces of equipment. As an engineer, he loved learning how things worked internally, so he often broke things apart and reverse engineered it back together. Morgan checked on him often to make sure he didn't accidentally hurt himself, but he seemed to be living life fine.

August 2015

The grandchildren visited the first week before school started. All six of them gave Mitchell a run for his money that week, but he survived and thrived. In fact, Morgan noticed how energetic he was with the children, playing games and camping and going to the zoo or a museum. He'd also returned to his old habit of reading, and he was tearing through books like they were Kleenex. And none of it was light reading. Morgan couldn't understand half of the titles she read.

By the end of the month, she went down to check on Mitchell, as he'd been quiet since the kids went home. "Everything alright?"

He nodded at his work station. "I miss having the kids here. I felt revitalized."

"You seemed to really enjoy yourself," she said rubbing his back. Every day, she thanked God for bringing her husband back.

As if he could read her thoughts, Mitchell said, "I am so thankful for this drug."

Morgan smiled and turned to leave. She noticed one of the many chalkboards Mitchell had hung on the walls of the basement. It had a lot of equations she didn't understand, but she remembered the circular structure from his journal. All the symbols mimicked the same ones she saw him drawing that night almost two months ago. 

'Maybe he has an idea for an invention,' she thought. 

September 2015

"I don't know how I feel about this," Morgan said to her husband. He had been in contact with someone named Ed White in Arizona, almost 1600 miles away from their home in Tennessee. Apparently, Ed was a metallurgist, a man who studied metals, and he believed they could build whatever it was Mitchell had been working on for the past few months. "The doctors would have to sign off to allow you to leave."

"I don't have time for all that," Mitchell said flummoxed. "I won't be gone for more than a few days. He wants me to meet with a few people, particularly people who could fund our project. Please, Morgan. I think this would change everyone's lives."

"What is it?" she asked, a topic she'd been tip-toeing since he started the drawings. "What does it do?"

"I'll explain it all. I promise, but I have to know if it's even feasible. But I need to meet with Ed's people. See if this will even work." He gripped both of Morgan's hand and placed them in his own. They felt so soft and alert. "I'll continue taking the pills. I'll continue journal-ing. I will even call every single day. Promise."

Morgan gave in with a smile. He was so immensely excited. How could she take that away from him? She allowed him to go.

December 2015

"We found him," FBI Officer Langdon Morris explained to Morgan. "He was with Ed White and a group of eight others. They'd built this structure which turned out to be some sort of a portal. To what? I'm not certain. But all ten of them walked through it. Then, the structure fell apart. 

"We contacted the medical facility who was conducting the clinical trial on your husband. It turns out these ten people are the ten patients that were involved in the testing of this drug. The FDA is shutting down production of Memorez, and we're currently conducting an investigation into the conglomerate that's been funding the drug corp making the drug. We will keep you informed should any news come about, especially in the location of your husband." 




 I love trying to turn things dark or twisted, so give me some interesting prompts or ideas!

Edit: I will get to everyone's prompts. Promise! Sorry for the wait. 




 Magic hasn't existed for millennia, not since the Grey Order traveled across the oceans and lands gathering the gaseous substance and locked it in the depths of the Earth. Then, a great earthquake devastated Nepal and the nearby regions, opening up the vault where the magic had been kept. It also opened the sacred device created to contain the magic gas, thus releasing the humongous cloud back into the atmosphere. Unfortunately, until the magic is evenly distributed through the air, there will be pockets of magic moving about through the atmosphere causing unintended effects.  




 I don't have it in me to write a story in that setting, but I could see that Scooby is a part of a genetically-modified litter of pups that escapes from the facility due to his enhanced intelligence and eventually runs into Shaggy Rogers as a young boy. When he finds out Scoob can talk, the two keep it a secret until high school when Shaggy meets Velma, Fred, and Daphne. A kid from their school goes missing and Scooby Doo believes he's being held up at an abandoned house thought to be haunted. As the gang tries to investigate, they go through horrific nightmares (think Saw-like puzzles) in order to save their fellow classmate. Meanwhile, they're being monitored by a masked person who keeps trying to scare the gang off. Velma, however, is great at solving puzzles and seems to be helping figure them out while Fred keeps everyone strong and Daphne gives off a motherly vibe. At the end, Scoob find out the identity of the kidnapper with the help of Fred and Velma: a teacher at the school. Once they save the kidnapped kid, they realize the teacher meant to molest and murder him, as he's done for decades since he came to that town. 




 I worked at Blockbuster and I had just helped a customer check out a Monty Python movie. I told the customer I hadn't ever seen them as I wasn't big into British humor. He told me a bit about the particular film he was renting and it made me interested. He leave and I help the next person check out a weird, low-budget movie about a married couple who fought zombies. I hadn't ever seen it before on the shelves, so I tell the customer "wow, haven't seen this before." He immediately says, "Yeah, you haven't seen Monty Python either, so that doesn't surprise me." I checked it out to him, but I immediately changed it in the system to where it was late so he would receive immediate calls asking for him to return the movie. Dick. 




 I agree. Obviously, when he's angry, he goes full rage and kills people, but it was more of a kid throwing a temper tantrum. But then, there was the episode where Gao called him out on knowing Chinese. This was when I realized he's smarter than we thought. Not just some scared kid who grew up with connections capable of doing damage. He brought himself to power by playing a fragile child with issues, and even though his outbursts are still tell-tale signs of him not dealing with childhood traumas, he's capable of everything he's done. The bigger problem I had is that it all depended on the assistance of the others (Leland, Gao, Wesley, etc) for him to get there. 




 Gay, 27-year-old dude who's down for board games. Got Clue. That's it. Could possibly host depending on amount of people. 




 In my fourth grade class, the teacher had a program where you got prizes the more you read. If you reached 10K pages, you got to visit the teacher's house during the hour-long lunch period and you got to swim in their in-door swimming pool, provided you brought your swimming clothes and a pre-made lunch. All year long, the teacher took the kids to a local high school to learn how to swim, and I'd forget my swimsuit literally every time. After I reached my 10K pages, I thankfully remembered the swimsuit, but I forgot the pre-made lunch. My mom brought me a Lunchable a half-hour before it was time to go, but the teacher said I wouldn't be able to go because I was too forgetful. I cried during lunch and everyone in my class made fun of me. 

I still hate that teacher to this die, and they're probably dead by now. 




 But I don't want to work on it. I'm unhealthy but that's my decision. I'm happy the way I am right now. I shouldn't have to be skinny to be treated as a human being.  




 Lumen: Yeah. We all pretty much lead pretty crap lives; a huge reason why we even accepted this job in the first place.

Cyman: We weren't given much of a choice.

Shell: I lost my job and was blacklisted from working on any other unit in an other city.

Aggie: Our lives aren't all that normal, but it could be worse. I actually get to talk with my family in India.

Shell: Because you suck up to everyone.

Lumen: Don't get mad at Aggie just because she's genuinely sweet. You attract more with honey than vinegar.

Shell: She uses something, alright.

Cyman: If you're suggesting she uses her power, Shell, you know they use olfactory depravation when dealing with Aggie.

Shell: I wasn't. 




 And yet I still don't care nor will watch the show. 




 Aggie: We are tasked with stopping any Homo-Superiors whose abilities cannot be managed.

Lumen: Basically, all of them.

Cyman: They're sent to DC (Detention Center) for therapy to help adjust to their abilities. Those with minor abilities that cannot be used for anything negatively are allowed to be released, but they're monitored 24/7. Meanwhile, the more major and dangerous Homo-Superiors are quarantined and dissected or medically tested on. 

Shell: We also have side missions going after normal people depending on the situation. 
























 No, sexuality doesn't matter to me. I just know it does matter to some people, so I put it. But I'm just chilling. Ordered some pizza. Gonna chill.  




 Not much. How's it hanging? 




 He holds a grudge against Buffy so hard through the first 3 seasons because he wasn't in the running to be her boyfriend. She danced with him one time and everyone gives him a pass to be a complete dick. In season 5, he got better. He pulled a dick move in 6, but I don't completely blame him. He was quite manageable in season 7. But early Xander pisses me off.  




 27 year old gay guy wanting to hang out and do something. Open to suggestions, and always interested in making friends. Want to hang? 




 Is it just me or did Xander become more of a pompous ass as I got older while rewatching the episodes? 




 Fat ass. 




 Semantics. Obama was passing transgendered legislation to offer them protections while Orson Scott Card joined NOM (National Organization for Marriage) who isn't JUST anti-same-sex marriage. They're against gays and believe in reparitive therapy, and HE joined as one of their board members. Also, Hillary has constantly said how much of a supporter she is of equal rights. So, sorry, you're wrong.

Edit: Further, [here's evidence](http://www.salon.com/2013/05/07/sci_fi_icon_orson_scott_card_hates_fan_fiction_the_homosexual_agenda_partner/) to support that he isn't JUST anti-same-sex marriage. And [here's evidence](http://www.hrc.org/blog/entry/hillary-clinton-joins-fight-for-marriage-equality) to show Hillary supports equality. There's a HUGE difference between calling gays "unruly" and treating them as second-class citizens (what OSC did) and another to play the politics game and keep your views quiet (Hillary/Obama). The important thing is that Obama/Hillary have pushed to make equality happen, whereas OSC has joined institutions to stop equality.  




 I just won't give it time or effort, despite everyone loving it, due to the fact that the author is anti-gay and I'm a gay person. Orson Scott Card is well-known for his anti-gay thoughts, and I am not going to buy/borrow his book because that only gives him more money and/or gives him more publicity by being seen with the book. Sure, it's a popular book and my "not being seen with it" or "not reading it" won't really affect him, but I also don't want to be in the head of someone who sees me as a lesser being for my sexuality. It's unfortunate that people disregard this fact simply because "it's such a great book." It's the same thing with Chik-Fil-A: "but it's such great chicken!"  




 I'm circumcised and I'm fine with it. I will consider whether to circumcise my child should I ever have one, but I'll make that decision with my husband when that issue arises. It'll be our choice because we are the child's guardian and we'll make the best informed decision based on information gathered during that time. That is our right as parents. 




 A couple of things for me personally: cheating; overeating; gambling addiction; mental illness; and same-sex relationships.

1) Cheating. This is a different perspective, and I know a lot of people will downvote me for it or say I'm a horrible person, but I'm talking from the side of the cheater. I cheated on my ex-boyfriend. I was wrong for it. I promised myself I'd never do it again with any other person in the future. I also never did such a thing before. I was in an abusive relationship, mentally and emotionally, and my ex had secluded himself away as a means of punishment. I had moved 1500 miles away from family and friends to be with him. He refused letting me make any friends, and he always checked on me often to make sure I wasn't doing anything with anybody. Then, he told me to move out because it made his life difficult. In order for our relationship to "make it," I had to move into my own place while I worked a temp job that I wasn't sure was going to last long. I did what I had to and moved out into my own place for the first time in my life. I was alone; had no one to turn to as he had me believe my family was an enemy; and I did the only thing I could. I found someone online, talked to them for a long time, and finally decided to meet up. It ended up becoming something sexual. We had sex more than once on multiple occasions. It got to the point where we had feelings for each other and I shut it down. Then, I told my ex. We stayed together another year after that, but I knew it wasn't going to work out and ultimately ended it. But it still messes with me, the way he has me programmed to think I'm unworthy of life without him. Nobody to blame but myself.

2) Overeating often is an eating disorder. It isn't just someone who cannot control themselves. It becomes an addiction, a mental condition and it causes you to make horrible mistakes to the point where your mental and physical self becomes garbage. Can people change? Sure. But that doesn't mean it's easy and it doesn't mean everyone can do it the same way as everyone else. I'm tired of these anti-fat people thinking bullying is going to solve the problem. It doesn't. Has it helped some? Sure. But I was bullied all my life and I only got fatter.

3) Gambling addiction. It's a different kind of addiction. People look at me strange when I say I have a gambling addiction. They tell me their stories of how they just don't take enough money with them for it to matter or that they know when to stop and leave or if they're up they leave. That's great. I tried it all. I still continue to go until I'm literally broke and spent the rent/bill money, the student loan money, the taxes, other people's money. I have a problem. Thankfully, I'm seeing someone for it and I've been 1 month sober, but it isn't just a simple fix. There's some deep emotional shit in your head that keeps you going back for more to feel like you're worth something. At least, that's how it is for me.

4) I suffer from depression due to low self-esteem as well as a list of other things as you can tell from my response. It's hard when you're trying to get your life together but you have zero energy or you're not sleeping well or you become anxious when talking to strangers in order to get a job/keep a job. It's particularly more difficult when you're trying to find the right dose of drugs to help keep you on an even keel so you can be a regular person without crying every two seconds. I'm now off any drugs and I seem to be doing really well. Been off them for 4 months now. Let's hope I continue doing well. I asked to be on drugs, not prescribed them by a psychiatrist. 

5) I'm gay and I've been in many same-sex relationships. Many people in my life seem to make it out that same-sex relationships aren't real relationships or that same-sex relationships aren't the same as heterosexual relationships. My mother often argued that my ex and I could never understand what it's like to be in a deep, emotional relationship because we're the same gender. My ex-friend told me that my ex and I could never understand what it's like to be married because we didn't have the right to be married and therefore could never understand the deep emotional ties you create when you say 'I do.' Meanwhile, she's now getting a divorce from said husband that she said she was so close to a year and a half ago. 




 I was in an abusive relationship, both emotionally and mentally.

He made it where I couldn't have friends, had me turn against my family, and he constantly made me feel bad about myself. I left him finally after 2 and a half years, and it took my best friend to come get me before I was able to get away. But I kept calling him. I kept wanting to be close to him because I felt lost without him.

I developed a gambling addiction, kept losing job after job, couldn't move out of my parents' place. I lost my old friends, separated myself from my family even more. And I still call him, text him, email him hoping he'll answer because he's the "only one who gets me." I have to keep reminding myself he programmed me that way.

My life sucks. But I can change it. And I am changing it. I'm a month sober from gambling. The job thing... I'm finally with a job under a boss who believes in me and tells me because I was honest with him and said "I don't feel good enough".

I'm a gay man by the way. I feel I should say that so you have an idea of my personal perspective. You can leave him. Should leave him. I'm here if you ever need to talk. 




 I'm sorry for the late response. I have an idea for this story, but I've stopped and started it multiple times. I can't seem to get the words out properly to tell it. 

Imagine, if you will, a doctor named Rachel Rosen sitting in front of a panel of board members who represent her employer, NewU Cloning. She's presenting her case in hopes of showing her competence during a situation where a candidate was cloned that ultimately resulted in an unfortunate incident. Rachel wants to show they succeeded during the cloning process, and that despite the incident there weren't any unforeseen complications. In fact, it was a complete success based on the candidate's situation. The candidate, a Jillian Murphy, suffers from multiple personality disorder. While working with various leaders in the mental health field, Dr. Rosen was able to create personifications for each split personality. One of them, of course, turns out to be a murderous, rampaging psychopath who eventually realized why they're in pain. Come to find out, all these split personalities are spirits whose lives ended abruptly and have haunted and possessed Jillian until now since they have their own bodies. All of these spirits with their new bodies decide to leave in order to live the lives that were taken from them so brutally. Dr. Rosen thinks the experiment was a complete success, despite the clones all disappearing and the research destroyed. Dr. Rosen is fired and she returns home where the homicidal clone is waiting and she wants the doctor's help for vengeance against her original death. 




 If he's not going to agree to said action, then yes. I think inaction would be best. Obviously, the way you're approaching it (head-on) hasn't done much for you and only seems to keep spurring the other person on. Whereas, if you said nothing, he'd go away. The way I see it, you're not making a good case for yourself about "not" trolling. 




 Karen   David VanHorne
May 6, 2015

To the owners and operators of Burton's Big Amusements:

We want to thank you from the depths of our hearts for giving our Julie the greatest day of her life on March 24, 2015. We don't often bring Julie out to such events due to her eccentric nature, but we appreciate your professionalism and enthusiasm during her once-in-a-lifetime visit.

She hasn't stopped talking about the rides, especially the carousel. She's never seen a horse up-close during her youthful seven years, so it was a fantasy come true when she was able to ride the beautiful, white stallion. We fear it may be the closest thing to an animal she'll ever be able to touch. Also, we've been in contact with the company who built the carousel and we've already discussed payment on the replacement of the wooden horse. 

Of course, we want to apologize for the incident on the Ferris Wheel. She isn't used to being up so high in the air. Your attendant handled himself wonderfully and remained quite professional during the debacle. We've sent flowers to his hospital room, and we will be paying all his medical bills on his behalf.

Lastly, we wanted to talk about your clown, Mr. Puddles. It seems he really upset our Julie. We understand that clowns are meant to be funny and goofy, but she doesn't like people jumping around her or making loud noises. Further, the horn and balloon animals, especially when they popped, really shook Julie to her core. She still cries about it today. Of course, it doesn't excuse her actions, so we would like to apologize for the untimely death of Mr. Puddles the Clown. A check has been sent to his attorney to help pay for any funeral expenses his next-of-kin had to endure.

Despite everything, our Julie was impressed by your carnival and she would like to request a return within the nearest future. When would be the best time for us to rent the grounds for the day?

Sincerely,
Karen   David VanHorne
* * *
From the Desk of: Allen Burton, Owner   Operator of Burton's Big Amusement Park
May 10, 2015

Mr.   Mrs. VanHorne:

We are sending this letter, along with a protective order, against you and your daughter. Please cease and desist in sending any further correspondence to the property, my office, or any of my employees. We will be seeing you in court for repayment for damages your monster of a daughter wreaked on March 24th of this year. Damn you all to Hell!
 




 "I can't be for certain until I run further tests," said the man in the Tulsa Coroner's Office jacket, "but I believe he died the moment he was struck by lightning."

"Wrap him up and take him out of here," said the police officer. He went to his nearest deputy. "Clear these people out."

People surrounded the scene, looking in awe at the dead man's body lying lifeless with his eyes open. A streak of his dark brown hair turned a pale shade of grey. Standing off to the side, his wife cried out in agony as she felt guilty for sending him out to return their Redbox DVDs.

"I just didn't want to get my hair wet," she told another deputy in between sobs. "What are my kids gonna say?"

The crowd dispersed within minutes after the body was bagged, tagged, and rolled out. The police left the "DO NOT CROSS" tape up around the Redbox sitting outside the Dollar General. The employees at the low-cost general store were just happy they were allowed to close early due to the incident.

Early in the spring evening, the parking lot of the establishment became barren, quiet, lonely. Deep inside the Redbox machine, inside the chips and wires that make it run, the dead man's spirit watched everyone leave. 

Then, he noticed a gentleman pulling up in a truck, a set of tools in hand as he crossed the tape. He moved towards the machine and the dead man felt a sudden dread go through his being. 

The man with the tool box spoke to someone on the phone. "They said it was an emergency. I guess some dumbass came out during the storm to return some DVDs, and now he's dead. Lightning strike." Setting the tool box in front of the machine, the man continued to talk as he opened up console to look at the insides.

The man's spirit felt himself being open. How? He didn't know. But it felt like someone opening his skin and reaching deep inside. If he could feel that, he wondered what else he could feel. He watched the technician pull out tools and the dead man wished he had died instead. 
























 It isn't all that forced when a) we don't know if they will be "cover ups" per say, b) that maybe he just didn't know all that time, and c) you can't really know until there's more development. I don't see this as hard a twist as any others. And again, I would like to vehemently point out that Bobby will not change whatsoever as a character if he's gay. He will merely be hitting on men rather than women. And it still isn't that big of a retcon than many of the others seen through history. 




 Hey. Welcome to Tulsa. Where are you coming from?  




 When the Maximoff twins were retconned to be (and not be) Magneto's children, nobody said anything. Recently, when it's been retconned that they were NOT mutants, people said a few things but shrugged it off as pleasing the MCU. But the moment someone turns gay, it's "[contradicting] half a century of characterization."

I get that his change is merely pleasing the masses of gay readers. HOWEVER, it isn't a huge leap. Yes, Bobby has always been a bit of a ladies' man, but gay men are huge flirts typically and women LOVE gay men usually. And sexuality shouldn't matter. So why does it matter if he's suddenly gay? He'll just hit on men with his suave attitude instead of women. He'll still be Iceman.  




 There's also this thing that you may not be aware of: plenty of gay men have/had girlfriends and wives for decades before finally realizing they were gay. If they had a telepath around to reveal their sexuality, then maybe it wouldn't have taken them so long to figure it out. Sadly, that's what happens in a heteronormative society: you question your feelings you have for the same sex.

I get why some people would be upset about changing a specific character like Bobby from straight to gay because I've known him as a bit of a ladies' man. However, there are PLENTY of women attracted to gay men and gay men are HUGE flirts typically. So it isn't a huge stretch of the imagination.

This isn't ice cream flavor changes. This is a writer changing something within the continuity of a particular character for the sake of times a'changing. BUT this isn't the first time this has happened to a character. Characters have died off only to come back to life, characters have turned into completely different people due to someone possessing them/amnesia/rebirth or whatever contrivance they decide to use to say they're different, they've had ENTIRE lifetimes completely retconned. Yet, the moment a character goes from straight to gay, it's like people get completely pissed. 

It makes a person wonder why the hostility.  




 I don't see this as clumsy. Is it a bit careless? Sure. But it's just a character realizing something about himself. 




 No, I'm saying that you're upset because things are changing about a character after his many years in comics. Expecting the character to stay the same is just ignorant. 




 But couldn't that be said for ANY retcon? I get where you're coming from, but it's like you're deeply upset something changed about a character over time! Like that never happened before. 




 I've been in bed all morning. It felt glorious. Then my dog wanted some food.  




 No big. There's always other days. Like today. If it weren't raining. Lol  




 I would've said "there's always tomorrow" but then this fucking thunderstorm happened.  




 Currently? None since it's Saturday. But I did wake up at 7am. So I'm pretty tired.  




 Enjoy your beer, man!

Edit: sorry! Got you mixed up with another poster. It was a long day yesterday.  




 Sweet. How's the mall area?  




 Our tv is so old. Haha

I live off 21st and Garnett. We just moved to this place. It isn't bad. What about yourself.  




 Just ordered pizza. Chilling with a roommate. We unfortunately don't have cable/satellite/Netflix on our tv. So we're sitting in our living room in awkward silence.  
























