 There's also a nice set of photos and an interview with the author [here](http://www.theworld.org/2011/11/ants-art-of-war/). 




 If I had to guess, I'd say it ushered in the militarization of the United States. 




 "Maps of Time: an Introduction to Big History" by David Christian is a wonderful book that doesn't focus on any one region and spans from the big bang to 2002. Big History is interested in the history of the world as a whole and Christian points out some surprising trends. 




 For a lie to be believed it must be very big and repeatedly told. 




 The Standard Oil octopus has always been my favorite. 




 Name calling is the last bastion of someone who can't hold up their end of the argument. As for pretending I know what's going on in relation to American history, I fooled two universities into giving me degrees that say just that. Let's see how much you know about this period. I'll ask a simple question that any of my students can answer: What do historians call the period that stretches from 1890-1920s? Extra points if you can name two activists during this time. 




 "Your use of a 1904 poster shows the problem with your analysis. Social darwinism, by definition, requires that there be competition on equal grounds amongst people. In 1904, after slavery had been abolished, there was competition."

Darwinism does require competition, however it's not on equal grounds. White slave owners considered their slaves as inferior, and no better than animals. I'm also not going to argue this point any further in that you don't understand your own nation's history. As for Ron Paul, I could care less about the man or his politics. He is a libertarian, a group that was popular during the early 1900s, and its influence paved the way for the later economic melt down that began in the 1920s, leading to the Great Depression. Libertarians are simply political Luddites. 




 The article's author states each myth and then proceeds to explain why they're true. It makes no sense to me why the author calls them myths.
1. Hoover was gay. Author - Whatever he did behind closed doors are his business.
2. Not a coward - didn't join in WWI because of family responsibilities.
ETC. 




 He may or may not be a social darwinist in re race. I honestly don't know and certainly don't know what you think social darwinism has to do with slavery.

Social Darwinism played a huge part in slavery, and continued to be used as an excuse by American politicians in both the north and the south to enforce Jim Crow laws and the "separate-but-equal-philosophy." For example, [here](http://i.imgur.com/38K02.jpg) is a poster from the 1904 St. Louis Expo that lists the Races of Man according to the Social Darwin scale. Many historians argue that the U.S. Government's [reason](http://i.imgur.com/2PPyj.jpg) for occupying the Philippines and Cuba was to protect its backward citizens from cruel Spain.  




 I attended San Diego State University for graduate school, but looked into attending a Cal school (UCSD) and it was far too expensive. Maybe it's because I'm just not as wealthy as I should be at my age. 




 No sensationalism here. I'm just asking whether you believe that the same contemporary Republican leadership that has purposely hobbled the economy in order to to win back the White House, would risk their political careers to free the slaves? 




 This event just might be the tipping point that leads the FBI to investigate California's police state. You see, those kids go to Berkeley, and their parents have money. Do you think some Berkeley students' parents are now very upset? 




 Discovery channel did a good show on whether racist symbols are hidden within the sculpture and surrounding tunnels. 




 Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity. 




 Honey, the last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list. 




 Today is the anniversary of my father's death. I want to die peacefully in my sleep, as he did, not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car. 




 When I think of socially cashing-in Facebook whoring immediately jumps to mind. The people in these photos have actually gotten off the couch and are practicing real democracy. Not to sound too harsh. 




 To really take back our democracy we must place term limits on representatives from both houses. Politicians and diapers, they should both be changed regularly and for the same reasons. 




 My dad grew up during the 40's in the mountains of Asheville. Judging from the little he tells me about his childhood, the area is remote, religious, and hostile to outsiders. 




 Banksy? Is that you? 




 Readers of Cracked, or perhaps on crack. 




 My personal favorite is Old Boy. 




 There is a single page option on the landing page. I'm not too keen on posting content that requires multiple clicks because I understand the Reddit hive-mind doesn't like them.

Edit: It's labeled "view all." 




 From the survey - "Do you think the views of people involved in the Occupy Wall Street movement generally reflect the views of most Americans?" Yes - 46% 




 The idea of Germany going to war sends shivers up my back. I want to say it's a country with a penchant for war, but then I look at the US and realize we're no better. 




 On the flip side, OWS has a 46% approval rating. 




 I see the move as a positive; it will give the students a familiarity with the kinds of jobs they'll be assuming after leaving college. Now that's really getting a college education. 




 Wow...there might be some substance to this idea. Does Goldman Sachs stand to make a boat-load of money? 




 My sentiments exactly - tell a lie long enough and loud enough and it will eventually be believed. I wonder if Sun Power will come out swinging in response to the negative Fox campaign. 




 Not for younger readers in deed. I'm still scarred by Dr. Seuss's book "Horton Hears a Who, and He Better Not Be a Fucking Snitch". 




 The mere idea that if a person needs public assistant they must be on drugs is deeply offensive. The wealthy are in a far greater position to indulge in a chemical holiday. 




 So your okay with the idea of drug testing someone before they can receive a pittance from the government; you must have been inconsolable when the government gave away 750 billion without asking for one single drug test. I'd say they're both forms of government assistance, but one form is actually reaching the people it can help. 




 It is the truth in those words that gives it humor. I heard a comedian once say that all humor was rooted in truth. 




 Hmmm...just waiting for an alum to comment that the address is actually a form of class warfare. 




 South Park - it's a shitty wall (city wall) made by the chinese character who owns a shitty wok (city wok restaurant). Stay out of chinese restaurants in South Park or you might get shot in the balls. 




 [YES]...the politics subreddit has seemed more lucid since the ban went into place. 




 If you do drop acid, may I suggest the lobby of the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas as the location. Just trying to walk across the hotel lobby's carpet while tripping is an adventure in itself. 




 It also breaks the third wall by acknowledging the day-to-day Hollywood routine in the final scenes of the movie. 




 "Get your dirty-dick-beaters off of me!!" 




 I've seen the General quoted in other books, which stressed his stance on foreign involvement by U.S. forces. 




 Readability is a good one for firefox.

But, really, this is the thought that went through my head as I read the post.

"Hello sir/ma'am. I can tell from your post that you're a busy person, and the effort to push a button can seem daunting at times. Could I, perhaps, interest you in a subscription to Readers Digest?"

"Blah, blah, blah, insert lame excuse here."

"I know, I know, even that seems like too much trouble. Might I suggest that you tune into Fox or MSNBC News, there you won't be required to read, or even to think. They'll tell you just what to be angry about and how angry you should be." 




 If I want to make them laugh - "Blazing Saddles".

For the more serious side - "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly". 




 This storm system is HUGE!!! 




 So RobotRollCall is incorrect? The way I understand light's property in relation to the universe: Looking at a star is like looking into the past; the light from the star that I'm seeing on Earth happened 150 years earlier - or 150 light years away. So if we see IK Pegasi B's super nova today, it actually took place 150 years earlier. Is this right? 




 I'm researching anomalies for a fiction book. I like my writing to be as accurate as possible.  




 I wasn't sure if time and the speed of light could be different measurements. This means that if a GRB event occurred, civilization would have a hundred fifty years to prepare? 




 I think O'Reilly thought he booked a couple of "yes" men and they didn't play along. I don't like Stein but he did hold O'Reilly's view in check. 




 I'm SO DISAPPOINTED that I didn't make the list. Yet. 




 That would make a great Saturday Night Live skit. You should email the idea to the show. 




 or perhaps to shape the conversation. But then again, aren't we all? 




 No class warfare here. I just looked at your overview and it's a relatively new account with a minimum of submitted links. For an experienced redditor, an account such as yours screams right-wing troll. 




 After looking through your Reddit overview I'm going to take your opinions with a grain of salt. I also believe your user name is associated with the patrician side of the U.S. political/economic system. 




 This cartoon is a snapshot of the political process. I think therefore I don't think. 




 Ooooohhhh...that almost sounds like a challenge. I'm with you on the couch-politician moniker. I believe sharing ideas on reddit has some value. 




 I'm considering taking a bullhorn to some of the political rallies and yelling "doublethink" when the pol starts slinging the bullshit. 




 You're going to have to elaborate on your point because at present it sounds like you're passing the buck. Who ultimately has the responsibility for generating "doublethink"? 




 I thought this would be about Arrested Development. 




 Okay...I watched this film and it's a very simplistic explanation for a very complicated system. It doesn't take into account political, social, or economic climate. If you live in a zoo this video might mean something. 




 Thank you, the link is very helpful. 




 Ender does learn a combat art but the author doesn't say how. He even laments not learning advanced combat arts before his fight in the shower.
The military base is a very large population within a captured former bugger tunnel complex.
There were at least eight previous commander trainees who washed out before Ender completed the final test. The commander who teaches Ender admits this during his instruction. 




 A good article that deserves a deeper contemplation. 




 "This is about exposing the corrupt power relationship between Wall Street and the government. Corporations have way too much influence, and this occupation is about fighting against it, taking a stand on principle, and exposing corruption."

I believe most Americans recognize the relationship between Wall Street and government. What I also believe is that this protest will warn both parties that Americans are now angry enough about the BS to nonviolently protest. 




 I just posted this to see if it would get downvoted. I'm pleased to see that Palin is losing her popularity, even as a divisive figure. 




 I'm at a loss for words at how desperate poor people can be. Guess the other country that has a high portion of the young unemployed. With the new social media devices available to the masses, flash mobs may become the norm for the dispossessed and powerless. Where are the young peoples' parents? Working two jobs so that they can exist day-to-day. If the poor cannot reach the wealthy (gates, dogs, fences) then they'll vent their rage on the more accessible middle class. I'm not advocating for violence or looting, but I do understand the underlying anger that's driving these actions. 




 I'm more interested in Bain Capital's [lobbying](http://buchaada.imgur.com/bain_capital#l5RQI) with another lobbying group [Public Strategies Washington](http://buchaada.imgur.com/bain_capital#wWam2)and [who](http://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/indusclient.php?id=F07 year=2011) it's associated with in the lobbying process. 




 Fox doesn't report on the news, it just gives commentary. Delicious, divisive, skewed, and spun, it delivers opinions that are no good for anyone. 




 From all that I've seen the corporate-political hegemony isn't really keeping things bearable for the middle class. 




 Just as Americans are [losing faith in their own government](http://blogs.reuters.com/chrystia-freeland/2011/08/05/what-happens-when-citizens-lose-faith-in-government/) corporations move on to its next victims. 




 But what if that lightning is the product of two leprechauns playing hide the sausage? 




 I'm going to suggest one book for you, but it is a very long book. "Maps of Time: an introduction to big history" by David Christian is a book that documents the history of earth from its inception to the 2000s. I recommend this book because it discusses patterns and cycles that are hidden unless the individual views the big picture. It is a peer-reviewed book by a noted and well-respected historian that places mankind in context to the planet. We humans seem to believe that manipulating our environment comes with no consequences. Much like Carl Sagan described the Earth in relation to the cosmos, Christian performs the same service for our planet and species. As any planetary scientist could tell you, we are a small speck on an inconsequential planet that sits on a back-water portion of a spiral in the Milky Way. We are nothing in cosmic terms and if humans were to disappear do you believe the cosmos would notice?  




 I'm no Luddite and love technology as much as the next person, however, I'm also a realist. In geological terms, Homo sapiens have only spent an eye blink on this planet. During this short period we are responsible for an extinction level event that is on par with the loss of the dinosaurs. You won't have to decide on who lives/dies during the great die off, nature will do that. I hear people say, "We must save the planet, we're killing it." This planet will be just fine; it will bounce back and continue to spin. It's the people that really have to worry.  




 For the working poor the sky is falling. I can only hope you're not the sort of person who looks up at the sky with an open mouth; unless, of course, you're one of the wealthy, in which case I kind of hope you drown. 




 Your post is basically saying, "Fight the man, but be sure to look like him." Part of this protest is rooted in a social realm and asking for anyone to curtail his/her own individuality is a direct assault on diversity. 




 Because you need evidence of the government's involvement in creating and punishing race related crimes, I'm giving a nice list of books to help you along. If you're still confused about government or corporate responsibility in creating a police state dependent on racial profiling after reading this list, then there really isn't much hope that you'll ever understand the problem.

The Black worker : race, labor, and civil rights since emancipation - Eric Arnesen

Popular culture in the age of white flight : fear and fantasy in suburban Los Angeles - Eric Avila

Civilities and civil rights : Greensboro, North Carolina, and the Black struggle for freedom - William Chafe

Uplifting the race : Black leadership, politics, and culture in the twentieth century - Kevin Gaines

Colored people : a memoir - Henry Gates

Urban revolt : ethnic politics in the nineteenth-century Chicago labor movement - Eric Hirsch

The ruptures of American capital : women of color feminism and the culture of immigrant labor - Grace Hong

Race and the making of American liberalism - Carol Horton

White flight : Atlanta and the making of modern conservatism - Kevin Kruse

The silent majority : suburban politics in the Sunbelt South - Matthew Lassiter

Suburban warriors : the origins of the new American Right - Lisa MacGirr

Black Americans and organized labor : a new history - Paul Moreno

My blue heaven : life and politics in the working-class suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965 - Becky Nicolaides

Working toward whiteness : how America's immigrants became white - David Roediger

The city : Los Angeles and urban theory at the end of the twentieth century - Allen Scott

American Babylon : race and the struggle for postwar Oakland - Robert Self

Fenians, freedmen, and southern Whites : race and nationality in the era of Reconstruction - Mitchell Snay

The origins of the urban crisis : race and inequality in postwar Detroit - Thomas Sugrue

The two reconstructions : the struggle for Black enfranchisement - Richard Valelly

Inventing the "American way" : the politics of consensus from the New Deal to the civil rights movement - Wendy Wall

Fight against fear : southern Jews and Black civil rights - Clive Webb
 




 No, I won't stop it. That is the problem with the U.S.; too many people are willing to lay down and let shit happen to them. We are in the middle of a culture war with the nation's wealthy who base their opinions on appearance. The right car, college, diction, and associations all play into this paradigm. The reason no one is getting hired today is because there are no jobs. The wealthy have gutted the labor unions leaving very few institutions powerful enough to represent the poor. The latest budget fight is a glaring example of the lengths politicians are willing to go to protect the wealthy. Instead of stopping, you should be getting angry. 




 Meanwhile, over on [digg](http://socialhype.com/offbeat/10-of-the-funniest-barack-obama-pictures-ever-3/). 




 I'm with you on this one Patrick; I'd love to know what kind of vehicle those being attacked were driving. Imagine these kids living in poverty but having to watch people have fun at a fair the AA can't afford to attend. The AA's decide to protest and look for victims driving late model BMWs, Mercedes, SUVs, Audis, or Lincolns. This is only the start of the violence; if an individual appears to have wealth they become a target. 




 Let me just be clear here, no one should be allowed to steal a family driveway critically needed to transport a disabled child. 




 I'm betting that the drop continues. In fact, I hope the drop continues. Why? Because I'm poor, underemployed ($6000 ytd), and miserable. I could say misery enjoys company but that's not why I want the stocks to drop. In my opinion, the political and economic system in the U.S. needs fixing and the only way that will happen is if enough middle-class people REALLY feel the financial pain a large proportion of Americans already experience. I welcome these numbers because they're another step in that direction. 




 Ahhh, but can you bend over at the waist and still spell RUN. This is supposed to be impossible; try it with a friend.

Edit: I should also warn that this is incredibly difficult for females to accomplish. 




 upvoted for wit, then. 




 Can you clarify your point for me? I'm confused with whether I should be righteously pissed or admiring your tongue-in-cheek wit. 




 Many times the original submission has been submitted to an inappropriate subreddit. Since you subsist on submission karma, you should substitute the original submission, and subject it to the correct subreddit. I understand you feel subjugated by a subordinate redditor, but I hope my sublime advice will launch your reddit karma into the suborbital karmasphere. 




 [Reddit](http://www.alternet.org/story/151850/8_reasons_young_americans_dont_fight_back_how_the_us_crushed_youth_resistance?page=entire) is [teeming](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2010/09/20/903538/-Huge-voter-suppression-plot-exposed-in-Wisconsin) with posts on the efforts to sway the U.S. political system. As a young man, I didn't care about politics. It took a graduate degree in American history to wake me up to the reality of a professional-run political system with a revolving door leading straight to the open arms of big business. 




 I'm with socks on his critique of your comment. It is an ad hominem argument likely to draw upvotes from like-minded individuals. It adds nothing to the argument and inspires a knee-jerk response. Now, were you to produce a response such as that of SpeedSteamBoat, posted below, and include your critical comments, I would find that much more productive. Instead, your comment is on the same level as the original poster's lede, thus mirroring an action that you supposedly despise. 




 Edison was the king of stealing other's ideas and making them his own. He was the modern-day equivalent of Dane Cook or Carlos Mensia. By the way, do a search of "fake mexican comedian" on Google and check out the number one spot. 




 Point 3 is especially important because it explains children's initial introduction to authority. Michel Foucault spoke about the close association between prisons and the school system in his book ["Discipline and Punish: the Birth of the Prison".](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discipline_and_Punish) He argued that children are taught from a very young age to line up, sit, answer bells, and be watched over by an authority figure. I believe this is the very first step in teaching our population to submit. 




 How is that any different from the U.S. Tea Party's objective? 




 We have a political system in the U.S. that's deeply wedded to the nations corporate moneyed elite. Until we find a way to divorce the two systems out nation will continue to decline. [Joshua Holland](http://www.alternet.org/economy/151705/why_the_wealthiest_americans_are_the_real_%27job-killers%27) discusses the myth between wealth and job creation, and he found no correlation. 




 How have I not heard of this man? Thoreau would be proud. DeChristopher is just the first actor in what will soon be a flood of civil disobedience. 

"And after 150 years of making other people rich, West Virginia is almost dead last among the states in per capita income, education rates and life expectancy.  And its not an anomaly.  The areas with the richest fossil fuel resources, whether coal in West Virginia and Kentucky, or oil in Louisiana and Mississippi, are the areas with the lowest standards of living.  In part, this is a necessity of the industry.  The only way to convince someone to blow up their backyard or poison their water is to make sure they are so desperate that they have no other option."

This statement is dead on, but the poor are close to their tipping point. When that point comes, no amount of government protection will stand in the way of civil disobedience. 




 I think he was confusing [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s51unxcyMVQ feature=player_detailpage) event with a Hitler Youth Rally. 




 IMHOP, the writer had a specific character in mind during the process; they would probably have the best opinion on the actor/actress who should play the part. 




 This opinion seems to be the consensus. 




 Apparently movie subredditors don't have a sense of humor (downvotes). It came out of nowhere. This, sir/ma'am, is funny. 




 The killer should be forced to read the victim's bios and look at their pictures. Religion and nationalism, two sides of the same coin. 




 Okay, that's just funny. 




 Juan Williams never mentioned Reddit by name. He could be talking about Delicious, Popurls, or Digg for all you know. Stop jumping to conclusions. 




 That is a matter of opinion. Words only have power if you give it to them. I myself prefer the term ["SuperPatriot"](http://www.thirdworldtraveler.com/Parenti/Superpatriotism.html) because it describes the tea party's ideology much better. 




 "In the west, having kids isn't something you can just do without a thought. You need to pay for their education, and child labor laws and the like mean that kids are a money pit for the first 20 years of their lives."

You should probably qualify this statement by saying "in the west today." In the undeveloped western world, having a large number of babies was the norm. With a plethora of resources, many of the children survived but child mortality remained a big problem. Famine in Africa is not new. [This](http://imgur.com/uWcvp) photo won the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for Kevin Carter. [This](http://imgur.com/Zdeff) photo and [this](http://imgur.com/0MIna) are from the 1930s Dust Bowl area. As you can see, family size did matter. 




 Bill Clinton and the entire Republican Party. 




 No, no...that's a young Mick Jagger. 




 Just a quick update for this thread and [vindication](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTzMqm2TwgE) for my argument.
Oh, and there's also [this](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2011/07/23/997923/-Short-and-Succinct-on-MY-Social-Security?via=siderec). 




 Fred Astaire called this dance performance the greatest he'd ever seen. 




 I wouldn't say Reddit is pro-democrat because its users are a population that spans the globe. I would characterize the average Redditor as against any forms of unfairness. As the [Stiglitz](http://www.vanityfair.com/society/features/2011/05/top-one-percent-201105?printable=true) post states, most politicians are part of the 1%, so democrat or republican, their political affiliation just doesn't seem to matter. 




 I miss San Diego and Comicon soooooo much. 




 Would the percentage values remain the same? I guestimated a 30% downvote margin. 




 "As we gaze out at the popular fervor in the streets, one question to ask ourselves is this: When will it come to America?"
"The top 1 percent rarely serve in the militarythe reality is that the all-volunteer army does not pay enough to attract their sons and daughters, and patriotism goes only so far."

When the violence comes, and it is coming, whose side do you think the military will be on? I don't condone violence, however, it may be the only way to make the 1% listen.

Even more disturbing, as I look at the story's trending numbers, 32% of Redditors downvoted this posting. WTF, Stiglitz offered a concise, well thought out, and intelligent argument and yet 336 redditors disagreed (1/3). 




 [This](http://files.g4tv.com/ImageDb3/269365_S/stool-sample.jpg) is the best way I know to take a stool sample. 




 I hope your wife buys the lube because lotion can be a massive irritant that I rely on as a last resort. 




 I'm proud to say that I'm already Murdoch free. 




 I'm down with that. 




 So you're saying she received a fair trial but she's still a "scumbag?" 




 I'm currently reading "Prophets of War: Lockheed Martin and the Making of the Military-Industrial Complex" by William Hartung, and he argues that the military is part of the problem. There is such competition among the different branches that they will continue to support a defense contractor's project even if it's a failure and a waste of taxpayer money. Hartung also credits Lockheed with developing the political strategy of "too big to fail." When congress threatened to pull MIC funding during the 70s because of the C-5A scandal, Lockheed said it would fail without a Bailout. The company claimed that financial failure and job losses within the aircraft production industry could cause a financial meltdown. 




 Like that little play on the word? I've developed this opinion after listening to Michael Parenti's talk on "the Superpatriot." 




 Upvote for superior word play. 




 The sad reality is that most Americans rely on Marxist terminology when discussing societal classes. The markers utilized to define class are malleable and subject to change as societies progress. 




 Working class: average male (adding a family [wife,2kids] places an even greater strain)
1. Lives paycheck-to-paycheck.
2. Cannot afford to put money in savings on a monthly basis.
3. One car still being paid on.
4. Rents house, apartment, trailer, condo (sometimes).
5. Can only occasionally go out to eat.
6. Heavily reliant on credit cards to get through the average month.
7. Employment is limited to low/moderate pay (30-40k). 




 I avoided Facebook because I like my privacy. 




 Not yet. 




 I don't think Americans think along class lines; Race is more the American cup of tea. 




 You need re-familiarize yourself with that linked piece. I'll give you a little help here: DoD tracks "representativeness" - as Gilroy calls it - very closely. And representativeness can take a whole host of forms - race, education, social status, income, region and so on. "When you look at all of those, you find that the force is really quite representative of the country," he said in a recent interview. "It mirrors the country in many of these. And where it doesn't mirror America, it exceeds America."

It mirrors the country, which is majority working class. The article alludes to education but that has no relation to class. 




 Now that your inhibitions are down, do you have any racy picks to share with your fellow redditors?

Edit: I'm such a pussy. Let me try that again. Show us your tits. 




 Did you get a picture. Without proof it's hearsay. 




 Really? Do you thinks all those upper-class/middle-class families are going to let their babies go to war. No, it's the working-class, only-way-I-can-afford-college families that watch their children go to war.  




 Of course, this got voted down immediately. 




 It's a show about tweekers. DO NOT KEEP TWEEKERS WAITING!!! 




 I'm with you on this one. I've said for years that the Legislative branch should only be allowed two terms, which is the same limit for the president. We now have congress people whose only goals are reelection, making money, and stepping into the revolving door of private industry. Remove the monetary incentive from the legislative process and the U.S. just might discover new leaders who want to improve their country instead of raping it.

Edit: [Here](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20075586-503544.html) is a little something to chew on. 




 Thank you for offering the community a very nice example of "keeping your outrage to comment sections" and demonstrating a sweeping generalization regarding "hard line hate mongering liberals." 




 Blue Beard - "The Great Depression was going on, so that the station and the streets teemed with homeless people, just as they do today. The newspapers were full of stories of worker layoffs and farm foreclosures and bank failures, just as they are today. All that has changed, in my opinion, is that, thanks to television, we can hide a Great Depression. We may even be hiding a Third World War." (p. 71-72)

"He suggested that we build a Money Hall of Fame out there, with busts of the arbitrageurs and hostile-takeover specialists and venture capitalists and investment bankers and golden handshakers and platinum parachutists in niches, with their statistics cut into stone -- how many millions they had stolen legally in how short a time." (p. 90) 




 Welcome to the reality of 90% of American workers. 




 Depends on your fantasy.

edit: Coincidently, I've been informed by friends that Depends is also the flavor of old lady p*****. 




 I'll miss this [guy](http://www.imdb.com/media/rm589597184/nm0000469) more. 




 Wait...what's this 'we' shit? I didn't vote for Bush the first time around, and I certainly didn't vote twice for that sad, sad piece-of-crap. 




 I reject your reality and substitute my own. 




 I'd rather have the ability to fully understand their conversation. 




 Yes, we all know how hard insurance companies have it these days. Instead of hugs, why not just deny a few claims? Your son needs a bone marrow transplant? Denied - gotta save the money to protect a wealthy person's porsche from flooding. Cancer treatment? Have you seen this porsche that's threatened by a flood? Stop whining about needing cancer treatments?  




 It's nice to see my wealthy friends being taken care of by the lower castes. This story warms my heart. If only the porsche in new orleans had been saved. Oh wait, its owner was not white. 




 For just a moment there I was confused with your [logic!](http://www.pbs.org/peoplelikeus/resources/stats.html), and then I checked out your past comments and decided not to waste my time. If you're comfortable with working-class wages remaining stagnant since 1972, while professional politicians vote themselves regular pay raises, then why ask you to pull your head out of A HOLE? 




 Shopped...so obvious. 




 Does anyone know why Web of Trust (WOT) has such a low ranking for this blog? 




 Can you imagine how they'd market to women? Anyone up for granny panties wrapped in an oven mitt? 




 That is the most useful link that I've seen in a while. I wish I could give you two upvotes. 




 That is the most useful link that I've seen in a while. I wish I could give you two upvotes. 




 I identify the first submitted story and give it the upvote; the others get downvoted to hell. 




 I...know. 




 Without a doubt, it has to be "Blazing Saddles."

Mayor: "come here Hedley; what's the matter with you? Can't you see he's a nig.."
Notices he's talking to the black Sheriff.

Classic Mel Brookes 




 Your GF gives you the same card every year? I remember this meme coming around at about this time last year. At least take the meme to a new level by adding pictures. One for every year. And then it becomes its own meme. And on to evil infinity. 




 No! The original must have lacked a snappy headline, or was posted in the wrong subreddit. Now, stop whining and find me some content that's worth upvoting. Chop chop. 




 I "StumbledUpon" this article, found it interesting, and posted it to Reddit for like-minded individuals to enjoy. I wasn't aware the original poster was Vanity Fair.  I apologize and in the future will be more conscious of the content's origin. 




 "Meanwhile, the mayor of New York, promising to never let America forget the tragedy, announced his bid to run for President of the United States."
"An opportunity such as this only comes along a hundred times in one lifetime," he said, "and I'd be a fool not to use it." 




 Sunshine is another good sci-fi thriller with a wicked twist at the end. 




 Wow...that was SFC!!! 




 [This](http://www.angelfire.com/vamp/shoopshoop/cutter.html) guy had a pretty cool wheelchair back in the day. 




 Okay...it won't happen again. 




 Thanks for the heads-up on the firefox addon; I'm always looking for new ways to improve my reading experience, however, this addon didn't work for the Atlantic article. 




 Sorry...didn't know there was a rule on reddit about submissions. I thought the story was interesting, so I submitted it. 




 Can anyone tell me why Comcast didn't make this list? 




 Who knew he was so liberal? Was he playing the role for his guest? I liked Maddow's handling of the questions; she was very objective in her answers. 




 You're hired. My pimp will be by later. 




 You know it costs extra to do that with my girls, right? 




 For those interested in reading newsprint from the past, [here](http://i.imgur.com/1Ldt4.png) is the sentencing judge's statement and [here](http://i.imgur.com/HUXWg.png) is that of President Eisenhower. 




 Thanks for the tip; it was my first ever attempt at posting a screenshot on reddit. 




 SNL must read reddit. 




 Let's hope it doesn't end like [this.](http://video.adultswim.com/robot-chicken/works-for-hulk.html) 




 I'm not on the streets. I live in a vet shelter. 




 I always believed that my experience and education would shield me from becoming unemployed and homeless. I also believed that federal and state assistance was in place to help if I needed it. I was wrong on both accounts. I'm sharing my experience so that others may learn from it. 




 I don't have a disability, and though it's been offered, I won't game the system. 




 Federal employment (hell, almost all employment) and security clearances are hampered by a negative credit background. If you're already living paycheck-to-paycheck and then experience seven months of unemployment without benefits it doesn't take long to achieve a negative credit rating. I also encourage you to demand any member of the intelligence community to explain in detail the particulars of their job. After you're finished meeting with Homeland Security drop me a line. 




 I'll respect your opinion. 




 Women are natural targets for prostitution, especially if they have some form of addiction. Their children become pawns for the pimp to keep their mothers working. Some women are so deeply possessed by their addictions that they only peripherally care for the children and they will often leave the children with "friends" while they party. 




 My portion of the GI Bill was 20,100 and it only paid for my first 4 semesters. 




 Amen, that. 




 On person's POS is another's nonconformist. 




 I truly respect, and to the extent that someone can love the intangible, I love the reddit community. Just being a member means you bring something to the table. It's up to you to decide the quality of that something you contribute. 




 Thank you for your kind words. 




 After reading your last three replies, I'll just say that we have a couple of guys here that are bipolar. That sounds mean, but it was the first impression that popped into my head. 




 Again, let me reply with all the patience and kindness that I can muster - I understand your inability to believe a story like mine. It doesn't fit into the narrative that governs your life. But my reality is that I will go to sleep tonight in my small room, and to the room on my right is an alcoholic, and to my left is a heroin addict, both fighting their own inner demons. I'm sure if someone sat down to talk with them that their lives would appear unbelievable as well. As for myself, I'm not some mysterious soldier; anyone possessing a TS/SCI clearance and signed that little paper given at the beginning and end of any debriefing can attest to the fact that there are mandatory monetary and penal consequences for anyone who reveals state secrets. I also didn't say there are no friends or family I can rely on; I did say that most of them are walking that thin line that I've fallen below. This is my current reality and I will recover from it, but the barriers in my path are very real whether or not they fit into your narrative. 




 Thank you. 




 Not that I'm aware of, but I do wish people could understand that race is a social construct. It's like discriminating between people by saying they have big bones in a world that prefers small bones. 




 Okay, but I don't care. 




 I'm on both and have reached the second level of employment for consideration as a historian. I believe both education and experience are equally important; those that can find a balance between the two are the most successful, imo. If I had to do it all over again, I would still have attempted the masters. Knowledge is a resource that, once earned, can't be taken away. As for advice:
1. try to stay close to home or family
2. find a way to maintain a means of communication
3. don't believe the state or federal social system will be there for you, it won't. the social systems that will help help you are most often found at the community level.
4. don't become too personally attached to anything of value; recognize its future value as a means to make it another day.
5. don't be afraid to ask for help; swallow your pride because there are people who take real pleasure in helping others. 




 No, the shelter doesn't provide these items. My situation is different from the other clients here in that I'm not alcohol or drug addicted, or have a service connected disability. I do suffer from PTSD, but once an individual's labeled with a mental disability, it sticks. Federal and state social agencies provide some source of income for these individuals, from which the shelter expects the clients to buy their own hygiene products. 




 That's the problem, people don't have an understanding. I have blanketed all the job sources you've mentioned. I start my search very early in the morning, for example, looking at the listings of new opportunities, and when I apply for the job there's a info graphic on the job boards stating 250-300 other people also applied for it. With transportation being cost prohibitive, only those jobs within walking distance are realistically in reach. Imagine spending the entire day walking from place to place and being rejected at every turn. There are no jobs to be had. I'm not limiting myself to just Washington, I'm putting in for any job anywhere. This is the longest I've ever been unemployed. And please don't think I'm throwing a pity-party here; this is the reality of today's job market. The kids leaving college in May will have an even more difficult time. 




 I'm a grown man who can take care of himself in most cases. But, I shudder to think about women with children placed in my situation. The threat of human predation is very real, and from what I've seen of the streets, there are entire industries that specialize in taking advantage of the disadvantaged. The poor have the smallest voice in our society, and only the most sensational instances of injustice receive any attention. If there is any chance you may become homeless plan ahead and protect your children. 




 The items most needed by the homeless are for hygiene and a means to utilize public transportation. This is the United States, and as I've repeatedly told my family, I'll never starve. Assistance with food is readily available, but hygiene products are not covered by government assistance. Shampoo, razors, soap, deodorant, and clothing are in high demand, but often unattainable. Transportation is another big issue for the homeless. Often, the means to reach a job interview aren't available because they don't have the money for public transportation. I considered myself lucky to have my car, however, I went for a job interview in downtown Seattle. I parked on the street and used what little change I had to pay the meter. Unaware that the street became a through-way for buses after a certain time, my car was ticketed, towed, and impounded. Those individuals living in Seattle will agree that the signs posted in these areas don't clearly warn the uniformed about these parking traps. When I parked, it was with a long line of cars and I paid the fare. I returned to discover my car was gone and thought it'd been stolen. After asking a student, she was unsurprised to tell me it was probably towed. With great sadness, I sold one of my two laptops to get my car back. Without the money for gas, I'm now reliant on the Seattle public transportation system, and the kindness of this shelter which has provided me with a ORCA card. It has fifty dollars on it to be used on public transportation, of which Seattle's is very good. 




 There was no offer of compensation, and litigation is reserved for those with deeper pockets than I have. 




 I'm not a religious person, so the holidays are not that important. I do volunteer work, so that's how I'm spending the holidays. Yesterday I did an event for the animal shelter by photographing people with their pets at a PetSmart. My family does know about my situation, but we come from the working class and they're all just barely making it. There are many individuals in my situation, and the numbers will continue to grow. If you saw the photos from my flikr page, there was an entire line of cars filled with people in my situation. That was only one side of the parking lot; there was another entire section filled with people living out of their cars. I studied as an historian, and understand the problems of homelessness. In fact, understanding the system that placed me in this situation makes it that much more frustrating. After moving into this shelter, I was asked by the director to represent the clients in an interview with the E network. I had mixed feelings about this, because I was a college instructor for a short period, and the thought of my students seeing how far I'd fallen was shameful. However, the benefit of helping not only other veterans, but the homeless as well, overrode my prideful side. My situation is what it is, but it doesn't define who I am, and it has humbled me. 




 I give up on this line of questioning. You win. 




 I'm desperate for any job which is why I've taken education and experience off my resume. There aren't any jobs out there. I'm on every job board I'm aware of, but there are many, many individuals out of work and looking for employment. I apply in person, however, being forty-five-years-old places me in an under/unemployable age bracket. If I could find a job washing dishes, I would do it. 




 A large part of my day was spent trying to find food, a place to shower, and avoiding the police. Authorities seem to have a second sense when it comes to homeless people, who they consider a bad image for the city. Libraries are a great resource, but many of them have rules in place to discourage use by the homeless. I'm someone who is attentive to hygiene, so having to go days without bathing absolutely annoyed me. To save money on razors, I grew a beard, which I keep neatly trimmed. Maintaining clean clothing is another big challenge. Laundromats are expensive and there aren't many resources for the homeless in this area. I want to share a photo of my shelter, but for the privacy of other residents, I'm simply not allowed. 




 You can AMA but expect me to get angry if I'm called a liar. 




 Every day the financial hole gets deeper. I've just found a part-time job teaching, but it doesn't begin until late January. I've removed the education portion and any dates from my resume, and started receiving more replies. My daily goal is to apply for 5 jobs per day. I've been passed on to the second round of the interview process with the federal government for a historians position. This is a first in a vast number of attempts. My fear is that the financial portion of the background check will preclude me from consideration. After securing a steady paycheck, the next six months will be spent trying to dig my way out of this financial morass. 




 I don't mind giving particulars about my homeless situation, but don't ask me what I did in the military. 




 I was a 98j10 mos. Look it up and then KMA. 




 I felt my education and work background insulated me from ever becoming homeless. I was wrong. As a member of the working class in the U.S., my drop into the truly indigent was short and painful. I didn't mean the description to sound creepy, but if a redditor is in the working class, my situation can serve as an abject example. 




 Please see my posted reply to redfoxrun. 




 I am a 45-year-old male who found himself homeless because of the current financial downturn. In 2006 I completed two bachelors, one in journalism, the other in history. Over the next four years I worked toward a masters in history. With the economy worsening, I realized the opportunity to finish my masters was limited. No one in my family has gone beyond a bachelors so my efforts were considered a matter of pride for my dad. In order to pass the summer exams, I quit my job to study. I paid for school and living expenses using a small retirement 401K and a savings account of about $2000. I believed that earning a masters would provide more job opportunities, so the gamble was worth it, imo. As I studied over the summer, I flooded the job market with resumes. After taking and passing my exams on August 21, I received a job offer in public relations from a large company in Seattle. I jumped at the opportunity, and having exhausted all my financial resources, sold all my household goods on craigslist. After arriving in Seattle, I received an email from the HR head of this large firm stating the PR position was an entry level job and I was over qualified for it. He went on to state that someone with my education background and work experience was unlikely to remain with their corporation at the entry level position. The offer was rescinded and I found myself without a job, home, or funds outside of Tacoma, Washington. I'd held back a few items to sell if I reached a desperate state, such as needing gas or food. The first item to go was my favorite dress watch, pawned for food and gas money. My vacuum cleaner went next, and then several wall clocks. These were all small items that fit in the trunk of my car. I had two laptops, but didn't want to part with either because I consider them indispensable for finding work. I attempted to enter a homeless shelter in Tacoma, but after two failed robberies by individuals trying to break into my car, I decided to find a rest stop to park and live. [This](http://www.flickr.com/photos/55230349@N04/) is where I lived for the next two months. As the days grew colder, I turned to Veterans Affairs for help. First, I went to the VA hospital in American Lake just south of Tacoma. Because I didn't suffer from an alcohol or drug addiction, my options were limited. I continued searching for jobs, but because I'd never been homeless or lived on food stamps, I didn't know where or how to apply for these services. Because I'd quit my job, unemployment benefits were not available. When asked by Washington State officials if I was unable to work because of a disability, I had to answer in the negative. This meant I wasn't eligible for monetary assistance but I was given food stamps. I continually contacted the VA social worker at American Lake to ask for help, but there just wasn't much assistance for someone in my position. I was eventually referred to a VA social worker in Seattle, and within days he placed me in the veterans shelter where I'm now living. I'm still angry and confused about a system that I've paid into for my entire adult life only to find it of no use when I needed it the most. 




 I served from Oct 1983 to Oct 1991; I can't tell you the particulars of my enlistment because it's considered classified and the consequences would mean many, many years in a federal prison. There's also a financial penalty, but it doesn't mean much to someone who has nothing to take. I'll post the circumstances of my situation in a reply to redFoxRun. 




 It is a nice shelter, but more importantly, it is safe. Most homeless shelters are populated by individuals with drinking or drug abuse problems; individuals in such a shelter are prone to rapid mood changes and they're always on the hunt for the means to carry on their addictions. They make no distinctions between wealthy or poor; if you have anything worth selling, they will attempt to take it. I need to stress, however, that individuals such as these are in the grip of a disease they can control but don't know how. They aren't really bad people. They're simply desperate. 
























 I agree with Krugman about being suspicious about bipartisan social program reductions to what are referred to as "entitlements," but the term should broaden to include subsidies to industry, transportation and energy sectors. Labeling government funds for these industries as subsidies wrongly places the funds outside the narrative of deficit reduction, particularly when energy companies are enjoying record-breaking profits on a yearly basis. 




 More evidence of the United States' failing infrastructure. 




 If you want a true understanding of the financial black hole that is Lockheed Martin read *Prophets of War* by William D. Hartung. The F22 aircraft debacle was just a forewarning for the American taxpayer. 




 Sure, let's go ahead and add another war to the growing collection, because the American public certainly won't notice it. And think of all the jobs we could create by sending off troops to fight another unpopular war. A steady supply of dead soldiers would drive the unemployment rate down as new recruits joined the ranks. Damn that Obama for not seeing the light on Iran. 




 Blaming the tragedy on an act of 'sabotage' would provide the factory owners with a defense against prosecution or restitution. Does this mean another factory owner schemed against the 'sabotaged' factory? 




 After another viewing with special attention given to the archetypes and the director's explanation I've come to the conclusion that it ultimately didn't matter. From the minute the second lever was pulled, offering a blood sacrifice for a death that hadn't occurred, the final outcome had been determined. The director's explanation that in the rite the whore dies first, and the virgin last, but the order of the rest is left ambiguous. But it's a rite, and that means any step missed or taken out of order nullifies it. The big giveaway is when he pulls the second lever and both worlds experience an earthquake.

But leaving that aside, she fit the role of fool better than he fit it. In fact, of all the characters he was the least fooled of the group, and constantly called into question everything that was odd. His friends' odd personality changes, trying to stop the diary reading (drawing a line at the latin), finding the elevator - he recognized all these things. He could even be considered the virgin because of his uncomfortable reaction to the "whore" when she climbed on top of him. 




 Well, now you have me doubting myself, and I'll need to re-watch the movie to know definitively. My understanding was only the virgin could survive, and if he/she died, they had to be last. 




 Yes, but the girl wasn't the virgin, because she slept with her college professor. Her archetype was completely wrong. 




 I found the filmmaker's manipulation of longstanding societal sexual and drug norms especially interesting and funny. Just prior to all hell breaking loose, the controllers are popping champagne, while the girl, which they assume is the virgin, takes a horrible beating. The stoner is both the virgin and the hero, protected from manipulation by his weed. Sigourney Weaver tries to talk the girl into shooting the stoner, still believing the girl is the virgin, whose death the controllers are ambivilent about. The stoner as virgin was a smart twist to the story. 




 You are welcome. If you want more hidden film gems, give me a holler. 




 You're so right. The world would never see a McCain or Graham trying to push their political careers by "glomming onto what he thought would be a media-grabbing event." That takes no political courage. 




 [God Bless America](http://www.1channel.ch/watch-2732540-God-Bless-America) (2011)

[Detachment](http://www.1channel.ch/watch-2732095-Detachment) (2011)

[Boy Wonder](http://www.1channel.ch/watch-2366373-Boy-Wonder) (2011)

All three are recent films and speak to the contemporary sociological climate. 




 This is an example of political courage on Grayson's part; we need more of this from our elected officials. 




 Poor Egypt, it traded one dictator for another. 




 Let's begin with Meredith Vickers' role in the film, which is foil to David, the son her father never had, but remains imperfect because he doesn't possess a soul. She doesn't believe in the mission, but it offers her an opportunity to gain her father's respect, while also providing the means to out perform him. She, like her father, is obsessed with surviving, evidenced by the surgery machine, and her own living pod, which can operate independently of the ship. When the ship is threatened by possibly infected returning crewmen, she is willing to turn a flamethrower on them. As the ship begins its final push to intercept the "Engineer's" ship, she opts for an escape pod, knowing it only buys her a few more hours of life. When she discovers her father made the trip, she's lost her authority and any chance to out perform him, and all that's left is out living him. In the end, she had to die, crushed by the embodiment of her own disbelief. She dies soulless, like both David and her father. Of the three characters, David is the only one who really believed in the mission. 




 While part of Graham and McCain's plan may be to push the Republican agenda against Obama, I believe their true goal is to call into question budget cuts that will affect the military. By characterizing the incident in Benghazi as a threat to national security, it builds a case for avoiding Defense cuts which would hurt both men's constituency, as their state's have a heavy footprint in the military industrial complex.  




 An ad hominem argument for an ad hominem writer. 




 No...what I'm saying is the court system can find no reason to continue the recount, and Republicans will continue to find any straw to grasp upon to cast doubt on election results. 




 The conflation between West and California is absolutely relevant because it's being reported by multiple media outlets. If Fox News is your main source, they can twist those numbers around any way they like to an unquestioning viewership. I would've been ever more satisfied with a thorough Florida recount in 2000. 




 I predicted earlier on reddit that West would use the courts to keep power just a tiny bit longer. His inflammatory politics are the reason the Republican brand is toxic in California. 




 Another death caused by the ignorance of religious ideology. 




 The political right's ideology is so toxic it's made the word "liberal" sound positive. 




 No water = no city. 




 As the child of a mixed-race couple, I believe Obama's bubble of entitlement is quite a bit smaller than that of Romney. Whether the population wants to recognize the fact that race plays a significant role in societal branding, Obama's heritage forced him into the role of outsider, a position never occupied by Romney, the ultimate insider. 




 Hence, my original assertion that the short answer is water. 




 Romney's class lives in a bubble carefully constructed by handlers so that it reinforces a sense of entitlement that is completely undeserved. 




 You admit that it was built on a minor river, but ignoring that for now, whether or not its a major or capital city, its location was dependent on the availability of water. Many cities outgrow water sources, L.A. is a good example of this, but it still remains the common denominator for the success of an urban population. 




 The short answer is the availability of water. Every major city resides next to some body of water that supplies the population and allows for agriculture. "Maps of time" by David Christian explores history from a big history perspective and identifies water as the most important factor for the development of major cities. It is also our most fought over resource. 




 According to all the news reports I've read West chose the district to run for. 




 West is the epitome of the far-right extremist who refuses to believe that their losses aren't the results of a conspiracy. I predict he'll take the matters to a sympathetic court, thus tying up the results, allowing him to remain relevant for a few more short weeks. 




 I've read Colonel Roosevelt, the third book. 




 Go free-market capitalism. "I love being able to fire people." 




 There's a famous story of a hike along the Potomac that included Roosevelt, Gifford Pinchot, and a French ambassador. Realizing the would have to swim across the river, the three men stripped nude but the ambassador kept his white gloves on. When asked by Roosevelt why he kept the gloves one, the ambassador said, "One never knows when one will meet a lady." 




 Good call on Roosevelt - he hated being called Teddy - because he was truly a giant in the fitness arena. He judged American manhood on its fitness, and overcame severe asthma to build a fit body. He was a good, if not great boxer, and rode horses for days at a time on cattle drives. He once threatened to "kick the balls" of a political colleague in the NY Senate, and knocked out a cowboy who called him four-eyes. He single-handedly captured and returned a cattle thief to the local sheriff, and during the 1912 election campaign suffered a gunshot wound by an assassin but still spoke for 1.5 hours before going to hospital. He also spent time hunting in Africa, and is the only American president to have ventured into the Amazon rain forest; he almost died on the expedition, and the jungle's effects remained with him for the rest of his short life. He was also our most mentally fit president who devoured books at an amazing rate. He is our most literate president, having written 21(?) books, and won the Nobel Peace Prize while in office for brokering peace between Japan and Russia. It's sad that the Republican Party doesn't recognize him, eschewing him as an independent instead, because he was truly a president who cared about the people. 




 sure...
the origins of the urban crisis - thomas sugrue and 
arc of justice - kevin boyle 




 I can't believe no one has mentioned the policy of "Red lining" developed by the National Association of Realtors. The NAR issued guidelines designed to exclude African-american families from a community; also known as covenants, these rules included binding contracts signed by homeowners that declared the family would not sell their property to AAs. "White flight," assisted by the automobile, led to white middle- and working-class families moving farther from urban centers, and the development of suburbia. The rumors mentioned by the interviewees were fomented by the NAR because its members wanted to retain a monopoly position in setting housing prices. If class mixing became the norm, NAR representatives (realtors) could no longer charge customers inflated prices to maintain a white community. 




 When did Israel begin speaking for the US in relation to Palestine? 




 Hands down, the correct answer to this question. He was known world-wide as the individual who organized the feeding of war-torn nations after WWI. A really smart individual, Hoover was completely unprepared for a life of politics. 




 Supply-side economics, Reaganomics, trickle-down - they're all flip-sides of the same coin. David Stockman, the granddaddy of this movement, publicly admitted it was "voodoo economics" during a magazine interview, and stated it was the only way to sell the idea to the public. Dutch Reagan's greatest ability was as a shill, whether working for GE or the GOP, selling the idea of tax cuts for the wealthy to the blue-collar electorate. Sadly, this policy allowed industrialists and bankers to keep a majority of their profits, while moving their operations overseas to a cheaper labor market. Labor unions, the only real engine of change for the average working American, have been effectively rendered impotent. 




 Hence the reason we throw salt over our shoulders after spilling a bit if it. An evil spirit caused the spill, so tossing salt into its eyes blinded the spirit, allowing you to walk away and leave it behind. 




 My understanding of the population growth issue is that the proposed policies would provide more information about contraceptive use and abortion among the female populations of third-world countries. A more educated and informed female population, they argue, will allow them to better decide when conditions are appropriate for beginning a family. 




 "The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life."
Theodore Roosevelt

He also warned against the "wealthy criminal caste" who profited from inside deals. 




 oops..."own words". 




 My photojournalism professor, Ken Bisio, used to take our class up to ghost towns in the Foothills. Most people visiting the area don't realize the extent of mines that cover the region, with tunnels stacked on top of one another. There's also a bee-hive of tunnels that run underneath the state capital building. Access is limited because visitors have sometimes gotten lost for days in the tunnels. 




 What is the first rule of Fight Club? 




 Donald, Ada DiPace. Lion in the White House a life of Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Basic Books, 2007.

Egan, Timothy. The big burn: Teddy Roosevelt and the fire that saved America. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2009.

Brinkley, Douglas. The wilderness warrior Theodore Roosevelt and the crusade for America. Pymble, NSW; New York, NY: HarperCollins e-books, 2009. 




 I worked in restaurants for 20 years and part-time work is all most will allow a server. 




 Said in the voice of Stewie Griffin "Thank You". 




 Seems like the dailykos is guilty of doing the same thing CNN did in posting a sensationalized story. Reading the updates, it seems the author is doing quit a bit of backpedaling. 




 I would be greatly surprised if both campaigns didn't have staff that targeted social media by generating buzz through planted articles about their opponent. CNN has recently faced criticism for writing/publishing positive stories in support of Bahrain's government, and Fox News is a cheerleader for Republicans. I believe social media enhances the opportunities available for campaigns to attack opponents. 




 Romney is hoping a zinger will do for him what it did for Reagan, who dismissed worries about his advanced age by promising not to "hold his opponents inexperience against him." 




 I searched that list trying to find some commonality with Romney and just couldn't find any substance to the man's ideas. He's offered nothing but vagaries when asked to explain his policies. 




 Good call on the phrase, and it's the system U.S. automobile manufacturers utilized to sell more cars. Engine systems were designed to fail after x amount of miles, and American drivers just accepted it. However, when the Japanese entered the U.S. market with better reliability, American automobile manufacturers were forced to adapt or fail. 




 I won't pay to see a Stewart/O'Reilly debate, but I would pay for a Stewart/Taibbi vs O'Reilly/Hannity.  




 This is just one example of the intolerance that leaves me despising all religions. 




 You don't understand the role of a historian. It is to ask those questions, and follow the evidence where ever it leads the historian. That evidence is collected from a number of fields, and can often lead to controversy, particularly in a subject as explosive and narrow minded as religion. The Romans played a role in jesus's execution and constitute a relevant part in the narrative.  




 You've missed the point; jesus marriage is relevant to roman history because the "resurrection" takes place while he's in custody. Romans followed strict rules in dealing with dissidents and the family during burials because of the threat of martyrdom and its effect on the population at large. 




 Then we misunderstood one another. This professor's thesis is valid, and even more so because it has a basis in truth. Religion is predicated on NOT being able to prove that some union between the divine and humanity took place - take it on faith is the common mantra. My professor based his thesis on decades of historical and archaeological study conducted by scholars that are vetted and peer reviewed. The biblical record, when challenged, limps along behind its mantra of faith, demanding the blind, unquestioning obedience of its followers. 




 It is a thesis that carries the same academic weight as a virgin birth by a woman impregnated by an all-powerful being. 




 It is no more a "fun fan theory" than is the likelihood that a child was born of the union between a virgin woman and an all-powerful being to create a god on earth. The irony is that the "fun fan theory" is the more probable actuality between the two scenarios. 




 What I always find disconcerting about analysis of biblical text is the disregard we have for the evolutionary process of christianity from a jewish sect to mainstream religion. Any argument regarding jesus's marital status is immediately suspect and subject to derision. A contemporary self-identifying christian would hardly recognize a 1st century christian, and they certainly wouldn't possess the necessary courage to die for it as did early christians. That christianity adopted much of the essenes's beliefs, especially baptism, is readily accepted by many roman history scholars, but remains a point of contention with religious fundamentalists.

The downvotes remind me that religion has no use for objective/subjective historical studies. 




 I took an undergrad Roman history class with a professor who told students on the first day of class that if they were christians, his lectures would offend them, and encouraged them to have an open mind. Invariably, he said, at least one student would complain to the dean and demand he change his lectures. In his lectures, he stated that jesus and mary magdalene were married, and offered as proof the biblical accounts of the Roman execution and the handling of jesus's body. Romans, he said, were very strict in the handling of dissident's bodies, and would only allow immediate family members or the wife to view the body. Roman leadership constantly monitored local attitudes to keep the masses in check, and restricting access to the dissident's body was one of those measures. 




 Savages...all I could think was London Bridge. 




 Dwight Eisenhower warned Americans about the dangerous nature of the military industrial complex. 




 Kissinger would call FDR's actions, Realpolitik, but I'm angrier about the US keeping the information hidden for such a long period of time. Anyone would might have found closure in regards to relatives or friends has long since died. 




 Thank you, sir, for giving a very good example of the Republican voter; I, however, am an independent voter and offer analysis of the parties' messages to the nation. My generalization of Dems as inclusive is based in part on the conventions participants. Undeniably, the Republican convention participants presented a majority "white" conservative demographic, and on one occasion acted less than inclusive by shouting down a Republican Puerto Rico speaker. The Dems convention participants, on the other hand, offered a clear example of the "melting pot" mentality so proudly offered on the symbol of American freedom - the Statue of Liberty.

As for blaming Republicans on the credit downgrade, I'm going to repeat what I wrote earlier - Americans are not stupid. They also won't forget the Tea and Republican parties' roles in killing jobs bills that could offer American's employment. 




 You present a good point, and one I have heard but hadn't thought about; thank you for pointing that out. 




 Johnson's political and media footprint is difficult to track. If you have plausible links, or can point me in that direction, I'll be happy to do a workup for him, as well. 




 This is simply not true as I offered examples that support these thoughts. If I'm missing the Republican message, it's because the message is garbled. 




 Well, if we're going to extrapolate this out to include yourself, in a real world sense you'd probably be my boss somewhere and, depending on your abilities, I'd consider you a good/bad leader. As leader, you'd offer feedback to guide me in my duties, but if you constantly changed the rules, or adopted a do-as-I-say-not-as-I-do attitude, my work environment would be pretty unbearable. At this point I've got a good feel for what Obama believes and I don't agree with a number of his policies; my greatest complaint with Romney is his cardboard-cutout political identity. Unless he can offer me substance in his position, I'm going to believe "the devil I know is better than the one I don't." 




 I included them because they impact his policy decisions and speak to his understanding of the income divide that haunts this country, while also being indicative of Romney's character as a person and leader. 




 I've voted in every presidential election since Dutch Reagan. I voted twice for Reagan, once for Bush, Sr., Clinton, Bush,Jr., Kerry, Obama. I weigh the pros and cons of the candidate and his/her party, however, the current iteration of Republicans have gone so far right that it stresses my ability to follow. I don't believe those individuals following the current political climate and the parties' platforms are going to find much fault with my analysis. If you find my view alien or "democrat" it is because we come from different socioeconomic backgrounds, and that's okay. 




 Thank you, this was helps me understand the ideology a little better. 




 Wait, aren't Buddhist monks touted as a peaceful and inclusive bunch? 




 What, no outlaw Josey Wales? He does share a connection to Reagan after sharing the screen with a orangutan in Every Which Way But Loose. 




 I would make the same argument about the american dollar. 




 You, sir, are correct. So would Dutch Reagan. 




 I never really paid attention to his political career before and had forgotten that he was a mayor; thank you for that. I tied his ideology to the first film he directed, "A Perfect World," and its message of authority's overreaction to the misunderstood individual. Directors generally make a statement through the scripts they accept and by their film's motifs. My impression of Eastwood stems from the liberal nature of this film. 




 This means he falls into the same category of leaders as Pharaoh. Does this leave him susceptible to a god complex?  




 The Russian blockade of Berlin was the result of France, Britain, and the US decision to institute a currency change that would devalue the Soviet's currency. 




 In other words, Mitt Romney. 




 So he actually believes he'll be a god in the afterlife? 




 I'm particularly interested in whether Romney has performed exaltation or endowment ceremonies, both of which speak directly to his character. 




 Warren Olney interviewed several strategists on his "To the Point" show and they said Ryan's speech was intended to reach the "low-information voter" or the "information adverse voter." This group, they said, won't care about fact checking, and both parties are trying to capture this demographic by utilizing over-the-top arguments and lies. Ryan's association of his grandmother and mother with Medicare and Medicaid speaks to this crowd, according to these political strategists.  




 There are two articles on my reddit front page that address the worry about whether journalists and their publications should simply parrot the Rep/Dem message while fact-checking organizations decide the veracity of the facts. During studies for my journalism degree, professors consistently insisted on objectivity in my writing, and that I backup my reporting with facts. Taibbi's writing is not objective, but it is substantive as he provides verifiable evidence. If forced to compare Taibbi to another historical figure, Will Rogers or Mark Twain jump to mind because they voiced opinions that spoke to their listeners/readers. Much like Rogers or Twain, Taibbi understands and voices the outrage experienced by the average American in relation to the contemporary political and economic situation.  




 Here is the citation for the quote: Troy, Gil. The Reagan revolution. New York: Sterling, 2011. pg19.

Troy is a pro-Reagan biographer who touted this quote as one of Reagan's strengths. He also stated that Reagan was against civil rights, believing states should be in charge of their citizen's rights. 




 I love the insane colors the squid emits when the bass is dropped. 




 Always keep in the back of your mind that the same allegations were made against Iraq. 




 Well, thank you again for the suggestion. 




 I appreciate the input, however, you began the statement with the qualifier "presumably." Does this mean you've never published before, because I'm asking for concrete advice on how to assure the paper's publication? 




 I've written a paper that I would like to see published that compares the relative merits of two republican presidents. How do I get this paper published? 




 This story also has a very concise listing of Syria's air-defense systems and its capabilities. 




 Standard oil used the same argument when it was crushing the labor union movement at the turn of the 20th century. It blamed all the unrest on the worker while ignoring the company's role. 




 These conditions existed between industry and labor in the U.S. during the period from 1880-1950. Industry hired their own police force in addition to the local police. Henry Ford's thugs were known to be particularly brutal, as was the McCormick family's security. The pollution factor was also a problem during this period until the EPA began regulating industry. It's sad that Shell can do such harm to African nations. 




 I share your frustration with the sorry state of America's social system, and it's my major complaint with the Pro-life bunch in that any empathy for a child dissipates when it exits the womb. After that, it's the mother/father's responsibility to care for the child, regardless of the economic/social environment. Poverty is no longer confined to the urban landscape, as suburban cities are now experiencing the economic contractions and high unemployment. IMO the conservatives that agitate so strenuously for anti-abortion are also the ones that would cut social services because it encourages people not to work. I don't know one person who wants to be poor just to collect government assistance or health care. The poorest members of our society don't have the ready access to birth control, and may not even recognize they're pregnant. Having a child drastically changes the future economic options for parents, and if they're already in bad financial shape, the child will pay for it. I guess I'm angry that conservatives concern for children appears to stop at the womb. 




 If you tell a lie loud enough, and long enough, it will be believed unless the media exposes it. 




 I wonder if the public will see anyone at Standard Chartered prosecuted? 




 The article states that the group has no power to implement change, so it's basically wasting money the poor could use for food on a meeting to bitch about how much the poor need food. 




 NO WAY!!!! WELL WHAT DO YA KNOW!!!! HEY EVERYBODY, WE LANDED ON THE MOON. 




 Ahh, George Carlin would be proud of you. "It's not shell shock, its PTSD, a much less ominous sounding, dangerous thing." 




 So the contemporary U.S. is, by your definition, a fascist state? Corporate entities now represent America's interests, and the Supreme Court granted them personhood. In your representation of unions, you state the NRA "grouped workers into unions," however, in reality, unionization was a grassroots movement. It really began with the Wobblies in the late 1900s, but without government support, the movement went into hibernation. To aver that the government grouped workers into unions doesn't jibe with the research I've done the movement.

edit: I also meant to address your statement was not the same as the NRA, but it was an extension of the program. Now, the Supreme Court decided that portions of the NRA were indeed constitutional, in which case they were extended under a new program name. 




 My understanding of the Wagner Act is that it allowed the National Labor Relations Board to monitor union elections and assure no foul play. Prior to the Wagner Act, "workers could be beaten by supervisors and fired at will, and management determined the length of the workday and speed of the assembly line. (Give Me Liberty - Eric Foner p.813) As for the Works Progress Administration, it built 500k miles of roads, 600 airports, stadiums, sewage treatment plants, while also developing histories and guidebooks for all 48 states. The arts portion also painted murals in buildings, and compiled an oral history of the remaining slaves still alive.(Ibid, p818)

Now, that's my understanding of the Wagner Act and NRA. Before this conversation progresses any further, would you please give me your understanding of Fascism? And, perhaps the source from which you quoted, just so I can understand the context of FDR's words. 




 I believe the issue depends on who's doing the judging. For example, Theodore Roosevelt was extremely popular with the people, but the Republican party and industry considered his policies a disaster. When he declared large portions of land under federal jurisdiction in order to form the many national parks we now enjoy, Republicans and industry (railroads, lumber supply, mining) were enraged. By attacking the trusts, TR basically knee-capped the Republican fundraising machine. While historians still recognize the value of TR's policies in relation to the nation at large, Republicans still ignore him, or label him a Progressive. 




 Wow...you studied a very different version of FDR and the New Deal than the one I know. Especially in regards to the Wagner Act, because labor unions at one time benefited the working class. It helped build the strong middle class that is now in decline because unions are discouraged. And in no reading of FDR's New Deal policies have I found any narrative that credits fascism for its structure. 




 IMHO, this women reflects the prevailing attitude of conservative christians. My older brother is a Church of Christ member in Tennessee, and he believes the LGBT movement is a plot by satan to conquer the world. 




 Where's the (Not Satire) guy when you need him? 




 that was my second guess, but after finding such an apt dictionary definition, I decided to go with it. 




 I checked for the definition of surd and found it's:

1. Phonetics . voiceless ( opposed to sonant).
2. Mathematics . (of a quantity) not capable of being expressed in rational numbers; irrational.

noun

3. Phonetics . a voiceless consonant ( opposed to sonant).
4. Mathematics . a surd quantity.  




 I see nothing wrong with credentials; it is a requirement in order to teach at most universities. I have to ask myself, "From whom would I rather receive historical information: Professor Lawrence Baron or Mike the carpenter? 




 Wow...how did you find your way into the askhistorians subreddit? 




 Thank you for the link but this is just a reiteration of all the explanations I've read. My interest is in whether a real investigation took place and if so, where are the records and have they been independently confirmed? 




 While teaching, I required students to read the book as a means to understand the deeply personal price AA's paid for trying to reach the "American Dream." 




 Sugrue and Cohen trace the environmental factors, but both authors focus on the social and economic development of both cities. I offered the OP these books because they fully explain why the two cities went in different direction. 




 An attempt to explain Chicago's success and Detroit's decline is simply too restricted by the forum on reddit. I've listed three books below that explain in chilling detail the different routes both cities followed, and why Detroit languished. Vampire offers a general explanation but the books below delve into the social, class, and race aspects of the two cities. You may want to read Arc of Justice first because it is an easy and entertaining book about an African American man's dream to own a home, and white society's effort to crush that dream. Thomas Sugrue's book is for an academic audience, but it explains the socioeconomic blueprint for Detroit's urban decline. Sadly, this blueprint also explains the decline in what is now popularly known as the rustbelt. Finally, Cohen's book explains why Chicago grasped onto the New Deal programs which allowed the city to flourish. 

The origins of the urban crisis : race and inequality in postwar Detroit - Thomas Sugrue

Arc of justice a saga of race, civil rights, and murder in the Jazz Age - Kevin Boyle

Making a new deal : industrial workers in Chicago, 1919-1939 - Lizabeth Cohen 




 Stephen Colbert's photo makes such a kick-ass statement. 




 Why is Gardiner watching Jersey Shore? 




 DO NOT LET FACTS GET IN THE WAY OF A GOOD STORY. I reject your reality, and replace it with my own. 




 Here's what I think really happened: The guy comes into the restaurant after having smoked a boatload of weed. Stoned and hungry, he orders and eats most of this dinner. He takes a big wad of dough out to pay the bill, and asks for a take-home box. He puts money on the bill, pockets the napkins, and throws the money (which he's mistaken for the napkins) in the take-home box. He thinks, "do I really wanna lug that take-home box on my errands? Nope, I'll just leave it here." 




 Let's just concentrate on the act itself. RR took classified film, copied it, and made it available to two individuals. BM took classified video, email, and audio information, copied it, and made it available to the public. Both acts were  ideologically driven and occurred while serving in the U.S. Army, and neither action was sanctioned. You can be an apologist for RR, but there is no doubt he committed the same offense as BM. 




 Semantics. 




 Shucks...I was really looking forward to seeing the results from my search of "reagan mutant titty gasoline". 




 Did anybody else expect [this](http://www.nba.com/lakers/roster/11players_mettaworldpeace.html)? 




 I've viewed some good answers below, however if we constrain the answer to "Cold War" and "communism", I can offer another opinion.
First, I'm defining communism as antithetical to capitalism, and a one party state governed by a single individual. Second, the Cold War is defined as the reaction to this struggle.

According to J.L. Gaddis, the roots of the cold war stretch to the brief American military intervention during the October Revolution. The distrust Stalin had for the US began during this period. Americans were seen as interlopers that embraced a capitalistic predation in order to control the masses. This is the view presented by George Kennan's Long Telegram and the beginning of US containment policy.

There is another much deeper element to this story however - the conflation of socialism with communism. In America's labor history, socialists play a very important role; they were great organizers and understood how to speak to the masses in relation to economic inequality and unfair working conditions. Socialists also created some very gifted writers. Often they recruited within the movie industry, a maven for creative writers. The socialist's impact on labor did not go unnoticed by the feds or Wall street. This conflation between socialism and communism was an ongoing process that accelerated during and after WWII. 

The cold war really caught fire with the House Committee on Un-American Activities in 1947. Former Hollywood notables (Ron Reagan) claimed the movie industry was rife with communists, resulting in HUAC and the Hollywood Blacklist.

On the government side, Joe McCarthy began a witch-hunt in the State Department. The American public had good reason to believe there were communist spies everywhere. During this period the feds uncovered the Silvermaster Group and the Rosenburgs, while the Brits nabbed Alger Hiss. McCarthy's hunt finally ended when he took on the Army; the backlash ended his political career, and alcohol took his life.

There you have it...I don't feel like typing anymore. 




 There might not be anything fishy going on at all, but that's no reason to stop making perfectly good conspiracy theories. 




 If you decide to pursue a graduate degree in history, the seminar on historical methods is usually required in the first semester/quarter. Hayden White, Karl Marx, Leopold van Ranke, Jacob Burckhardt, and Immanuel Kant are usually included because they represent different styles of historical research. White's thesis in *Metahistory* is that when a historian writes about an event, they use a historical method of writing such as Marxist, post-modern, revisionist, Annales, big history, and so on. Contemporary historians can identify the writer's method by studying the linguistic properties utilized. What Mr_Quacky alluded to "when historians write 'History' with a capital H" is that the winners in a conflict will write the history of that conflict in a manner with which the reader identifies. By studying the historian's use of language, the reader is able to identify the objective vs. subjective argument that is the framework of the underlying narrative. 




 Lately I've posted a number of stories that relate to North Korea, but being banned without posting to the subreddit did throw me for a loop. 




 The governments got to keep those prisons filled. I envision a future where prisons are offered to political lackeys, much as a fiefdom was given to loyal knights.   




 He's correct on a lot of levels, but especially in relation to branding the "other." Racial politics and branding span the entirety of U.S. politics; Jefferson was smeared by his opponents for his affair with a slave. More importantly, most Americans are so limited in their knowledge of U.S. history that they believe race was defined in the white and black dichotomy. In *Wages of Whiteness: Race and the Making of the American Working Class*, David Roediger writes about the different layers of whiteness, with Irish and East European personages falling under the umbrella of the "negro." Home ownership became the main vehicle for this group to earn their "white" designation. Owning a home implied a person was trustworthy, hardworking, and stable.  




 OOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooooopppppppppppppppsssssssss 




 How strange...most of the historians that I know possess a sense of humor. 




 "The little fella was immediately snapped up by Geico," a spokesperson for the insurance company reported. "That little green bastard we're currently using has become really annoying."  




 Go to [this](http://www.archive.org/index.php) website and do a search for "Westinghouse" and you'll find some very nice primary source videos of late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century industrialization.  




 I'm with IvyGold on this one; I've seen more violence from the Brits in soccer videos. 




 I've got two books that may help you: 

*The Middle East Today* by Don Peretz. It's a fairly thick read but the first half of the book explains the Ottoman political system and how the various Middle East nations were carved from its remains.

*The Ottoman Empire: 1700-1922* by Donald Quataert. 




 "Hi...you don't know me, but that's because I didn't use Twitter, Facebook, Google, or any of the other identity/information collection websites. How's that Big Brother thing working out for you?" 




 I just finished researching T. Roosevelt's background and involvement in the Spanish-American War. Events leading up to that war mirror the incidents of 9/11 and WMD as pretexts to war. They even had a term for these war enthusiasts - Jingoes. *The War Lovers: Roosevelt, Lodge, Hearst, and the Rush to Empire* by Evan Thomas offers a really succinct account of the S-A war and it's like reading an account of present day events. 




 Arthur did pass the civil service act but it had no teeth. As Washington civil service commissioner, TR put in place a testing system and expanded the number of positions under the civil service purview, removing tens of thousand of patronage jobs. As for "managed capitalism", if you could offer a definition of just what this term means in your world I might be able to better respond.  




 The system he wanted to build increased, not decreased, cronyism.

This is simply untrue. TR changed the Civil Service process to include an exam to qualify that the applicant was indeed fit for the job. Before TR's changes, civil service positions were used by politicians as a means of reward for their friends. He changed civil service by replacing a system where jobs were sold to the highest bidder with a merit system based on examination. His trust busting campaigns also earned him scorn from contemporary wealthy scions and his own Republican Party. 




 Actually, TR consistently railed against crony capitalism and the influence of corporations in the election process. He possessed the political courage to rebel against his own party, a quality that is seriously lacking in today's politician. 




 You've given a really informed explanation; I would just add that the line between the two is often blurred when studying about race or religion. 




 Well, considering a large majority of cowboys were black or mexican, I imagine they spoke with their local dialect. Their terminology was very specific to the work environment, appearing exotic to the uninitiated. 




 If you want a really interesting and detailed account I suggest *Creating an American Culture, 1775-1800: A Brief History with Documents* by Eve Kornfeld. You'll learn about the collaboration between Noah Webster (dictionary) and Ben Franklin to create alternate American spellings for British words. The book contains writings from Webster using his radical methods; when originally published, his writings were ridiculed by the American public. There's also a section on Benjamin Rush, the father of the American education system. His ideas influenced the teaching of American english to post-Revolutionary students. 




 The major reason the South voted Democrat centers around the wide-spread use of voter suppression methods to restrict black voting. The Republican's waving of the "bloody shirt" and its moniker, the Party of Lincoln, resounded among black voters but the Southern Democrats used legal/extralegal intimidation to keep African-American voters at home on election day. Voter suppression remained a problem well into the 1960s, culminating in the "Freedom Riders" who actively worked to register Southern AA. Sadly, some of those who participated lost their lives to the cause.

Lyndon Johnson's welfare legislation was intended to help AA transition from a position of poverty with the Great Society programs. Johnson said, "You do not take a person who, for years, has been hobbled by chains and liberate him, bring him up to the starting line of a race and then say, `You are free to compete with an the others,' and still justly believe that you have been completely fair."

When Nixon arrived in office he began dismantling Great Society programs, a trend that has continued with every Republican president. Because AA are especially sensitive to the need for a strong social safety net, they tend to vote Democrat now. 




 While a graduate student at SDSU, Christian's book was assigned to our class in a historical methods seminar. Because he taught at the school, our class had the added bonus of talking to Christian about his book. He's a wonderfully entertaining historian with a real gift for prose. Christian has since left SDSU to move back to his native Australia. 




 If you want the Soviet's perspective, *Operation ANADYR : U.S. and Soviet generals recount the Cuban missile crisis* / by Anatoli I. Gribkov gives a first hand account. 




 These photos are marked as Getty images, but the majority are from Jacob Riis' *How the Other Half Live*. Riis' photos are considered instrumental in forcing the U.S. government to address urban squalor. 




 You really didn't need to add the disclaimer. Conservatives would view your answer as too liberal. 




 Shane 




 So...what's the punchline? 




 Can't you just taste the sweet irony? No one can complain that evolution doesn't have a sense of humor. 




 I have a similar outlook as the post, however I ask myself, "Will I remember this event 5 years later?" If the answer is yes, I give the matter more attention. Otherwise, the event doesn't get to rent space in my mind. 




 I'm not casting doubt on your argument, I'm merely stating that the majority of the US doesn't equate the skin color "black" with the biblical story of cain and abel.

edit: I should qualify that statement by stating "in my experience". 




 Your argument about the mark of cain being that of skin color is a southern religious myth. I was told the same thing while growing up in Tennessee; as I moved to other areas of the US I learned this idea was a racist retelling of the bible story. 




 [Here](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/the-rape-of-nanking/) is a link to a documentary of the Rape of Nanking. 




 Lithgow also played the serial killer 'Trinity' on season 4 of Dexter. I love Colbert's "inside jokes." 




 Christian's argument is that the ability to increase productivity enough to sustain a large population was absolutely necessary to the formation of a civilization. An example of this can be found in the multitude of indigenous tribes that formed in early North America. Lacking access to draft animals for the plowing of land, indigenous Americans could only produce enough sustainable foodstuffs for a very small population. As a result, the impetus to join together into larger communities was almost nonexistent. The only North American example I can think of is the Anasazi (Chaco Canyon) and it fell long before the Spanish arrived.  




 Gotta give some love to M. Jordan, he's trying to reclaim the Hitler 'stache.  




 The Russian winters stopped Napoleon and Hitler. Very nice find. 




 The really exciting part of this link is that the National Review is a conservative right wing website. It seems fear of PIPA and SOPA crosses party lines. 




 I phoned the number provided for Maria Cantwell and the staff that answered the phone said that Cantwell had publicly come out against SOPA and PIPA on Dec. 17. He also stated that she was presenting her own bill in the upcoming sessions.

edit: I called Patty Murray's DC office as suggested by paulser, and left a message on the machine. 




 According to David Christian's *Maps of Time: an introduction to big history*, the important factors to civilization's formation were: a temperate climate; abundance of tameable animals (cattle, llamas, chickens) that could feed and work for him; access to consistent water supply; enough land to absorb population growth. 




 You might also enjoy Clint Eastwood's remake of Shane - Pale Rider. 




 IMHO Shane, The Outlaw Josey Wales, and High Noon are all classic gunfighter films. 




 A very nice find so kudos to you. Ford was such an enigma - he refused to enter/exit his home's front door because he didn't want to disturb a nest of birds, yet he was willing to employ brutal methods to stop unionization. 




 *Stalin's Russia* by Chris Ward. It's a book written for historians so at points the narrative will seem dry. 




 Seems at least one of his ideas got a shitload of people killed.

"Maury, knowing a whale to be a mammal, theorized that a northern passage between the oceans that was free of ice must exist to enable the whales to surface and breathe. This became a popular idea that inspired many explorers to seek a reliably navigable sea route. Many of those explorers died in their search."

To clarify my counting system, a shitload of people is around 1-500 people, after which we move into buttload country (500-5000) and beyond that is fuckload. Let's not bother talking about fuckloads. 




 I was thinking of something more along [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:We_Can_Do_It!.jpg) line. 




 Good call...The Fog of War is a must see. 




 Without a doubt IMHO the best single volume history of the world is written by David Christian - *Maps of Time: An Introduction to Big History*. His book explores the planet's history, and explains why certain civilizations advanced while others remained static. 




 I would have no problem with Obama giving back the NPP, but wasn't one also given out to several members of the Manhattan Project? 




 It's fairly dry reading but J. Gaddis "We Now Know" gives a fairly accurate view of the Cold War from both side's perspective. "Inside the Kremlin's Cold War" by Zubok and Pleshakov is a more detailed study of life behind the Iron Curtain. 




 I spent four years with for/against the U.S./Soviet versions of this program. There's a good reason the U.S. required retrieved photos vs using bandwidth; the Soviets utilized frequency bursts to transmit their data. If the U.S. monitored the Soviet missile launch sites, the type of booster vehicle used by their space agency gave U.S. monitors a clue to the type of Soviet satellite being launched. The booster information also gave a clue to the satellite's orbit and with this information it was possible to intercept their satellite's transmissions. By using a capture/retrieval method, the U.S. assured this project remain relatively secret. 




 This article is satire and meant to be funny. If it offended you, perhaps a sense of humor is necessary. 




 MA in U.S. urban, race, and media history. I have a strong understanding of race and its impact on the American urban landscape. I also have an in-depth knowledge of Hollywood film history and its use as a vehicle of history.  




 A simple message for the simple minded, but I don't see the ad as promoting war with Iran. 




 And who determines the combatant status, and is the process open to public scrutiny? 




 I'm asking myself the same question. Did I post such lame links that the powers that be decided to invite me to submit here (AGU) where frivolous posts go to die?  




 I read an article on Reddit about OWS being labeled a terrorist organization in London. I have no doubt that the U.S. government will follow the Brit's lead, and with the possible indefinite detention of American citizens, OWS protesters could simply be disappeared. 

I would also add to Taibbi's list term limits for elected congressional officials. This would allow more Americans the opportunity to participate in its democracy, rather than having the same old tired wealthy families deciding the fate of our nation. 




 This article was posted in the worldnews and truereddit subreddits but was quickly downvoted. Does reddit have a pro-israel contingent that downvotes articles that they perceive as negative? 




 I'm already doing that; it's even sadder that I have to hide my degrees. 




 I completely understand the author's dilemma, and her logic in the solution. I also understand why she'd want to finish a degree with Duke. I've spent a lifetime collecting degrees, but none of them come with a pedigree. Really, who would a HR person rather hire, someone with a BA from Metropolitan State College of Denver or from Duke University? Do I want an employee from Austin Peay State University or from Vanderbilt?

I also shared her belief that an education could lift me out of extreme poverty. In today's economic climate, an extensive education can also exclude an individual from a job's consideration. Employers believe that individuals with graduate degrees will jump ship the minute a better job appears, so they pass on them. 




 A new generation of brown shirts. 




 This is an example of a politician who doesn't listen to the public. 




 Is there a subreddit for ironic/hubris posts? 




 The natives are getting restless. 




 The American spies were bad (Elizabeth Cohen), but the British spies were even more productive [(Kim Philby and the Cambridge five).](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Philby) 




 And quickly put it behind us. More entertainment, please. 




 My bad, this link is a click-through post. I apologize in advance. 




 I'll hold a door open for someone 20 ft away and they will usually rush forward to keep me from waiting; just as they approach I let the door go and walk away. 




 I would imagine it something more like, "Maggots? On my meat? DESSERT!" 




 I hate to upvote a mox news story, but people should know he wants to make poor people's kids a source of cheap labor. 




 "Poor little feller, he probably kept up for the first half mile. Well, I'll go back and collect the carcass off the road." 




 I predict:

With its supply lines cut by Pakistan, the U.S. pulls out all troops by July 2013. Seeing a power vacuum in the region, Pakistan exploits its ties to the Taliban, creating a puppet state. China and Russia extend support to Pakistan in an effort to offset the U.S.'s presence in Asia. 




 That is totally my bad; I didn't realize that I was doing a self.post and really meant to link to this [article.](http://redd.it/mrc6k) 




 I'm sorry if I've given the wrong impression. The article is a convincing counter argument that Wolf's story wasn't completely true, an opinion that might not sit well with OWS. 




 I don't believe protesters should just carry the American flag, they should wrap themselves in the flag as if it's a shawl. As a photojournalist, the imagery of kneeling protesters wrapped in the American flag and being beaten or pepper sprayed would be a dream photograph. It's a win-win situation because the cops will look horrible defaming such a powerful American symbol. It'd be priceless to see how Fox news would spin any violence directed toward the protesters, and Jon Stewart's Daily Show would eat it up. 




 Judging from the post's title, I thought this would be an article about Kim Philby's bunch. A very good article, though, about a portion of atomic history of which I wasn't aware. 




 My point exactly. 




 I see the OWS as a blend of the Populist and Progressive movements. Progressives, such as Jacob Riis,Upton Sinclair, and Teddy Roosevelt, saw the economic effects of business trusts on poor and working-class urban/rural Americans and were appalled. The Populist movement was hampered by what the average American considered the socialist and anarchist threats. These fears of a eastern European horde immigrating into the U.S. resulted in the 1924 Johnson-Reed Act that restricted southern and eastern European immigration. This movement also had strong nationalistic tendencies, which I see as a direct correlation to the contemporary Tea Party movement. 
























 The main cause for America's transition from isolationism is contained in NSC-68, a National Security Council document written for Truman that described the global threats facing the US. Released on April 7, 1950, its primary authors, Paul Nitze, Dean Acheson, and Chip Bohlen declared that to protect the free world from communist aggression, the US must abandon any plans for slipping back into isolationism. It recommended a substantial increase in defense spending that included growing the military's strength and investments in missile delivery systems for nuclear weapons. Two months after the document's release the Korean War broke out, lending credence to the writers' predictions about communism. 




 These are the politicians who expect the average American to live on a minimum wage and still pay rent, and if the person complained, politicians would advise them to find a better job. The pay for the average American has remained stagnant since 1972, so I have little pity for the politico's not receiving a cost of living adjustment. 




 Feel free to ask for assistance, but I need more information on the specifics of your class. I would also suggest posting your question to r/askhistorians for more input. 




 As an American historian who knows 1950's films intimately, I would suggest you research about the change in the movie industry during this period from a vertically integrated studio model to the now familiar producer/director model. The federal government deemed the old studio model as too monopolistic because studios owned the film process from the creation of a film to its final viewing in the theater. If the city you live in has a Paramount theater, it's because the studio once owned that theater.  
  
You can see the change in film during the 1950s because directors suddenly had more influence in their work. A good example is *Shane*, directed by George Stevens, in which the gun is no longer considered in heroic terms, instead becoming the last line of defense for a good man.  
  
Films addressing Cold War fears began appearing around this time, and Sam Fuller's *Pick Up on South Street* documents this superbly using characters such as a pickpocket and a prostitute to thwart a communist plan to steal atomic secrets.  
  
Science-fiction movies also appeared regularly during the period with the original *War of the Worlds* directed by Byron Haskins. The special effects work he pioneered on this film helped set the stage for Star Trek.

All three films debuted just weeks apart during 1953, but each owed its production to the shift from a studio system to the director/producer model.  




 I wonder if any of the homeless people living in the Washington, D.C. area would complain about sleeping in a warm, safe congressional office. 




 We came up to LA from San Diego, and everyone had a great time. We caravaned in about 5 cars, and gathered together after the tour in a park by a golf course to have beers and grill. I always carried my golf clubs in the trunk of my car in those days, so I pulled them out and played the par 3 hole next to our spot repeatedly between the groups playing it. It's what I loved about the small history graduate program at SDSU; our profs often became very good friends. 




 The profs name is Sarah Elkind, and the reason we concentrated on the port and railways is because her PH.d. from Michigan focused on environmental and urban history. It was a great class that sometimes met outside the campus, as when the class took a walking tour of the L.A. river that highlighted its importance for the city. 




 I took a seminar on the history of Los Angeles that included an examination of its success relative to San Diego and San Francisco. L.A.'s overshadowing of San Diego rests on a number of factors. First, the fight over the terminus of the intercontinental railroad, and which towns in California received regular service; L.A. won this battle. Next, the two cities battled over becoming the port destination for import and export; L.A. won this battle, as well. Finally, when William Mulholland stole the water rights from Owen Valley and diverted it to L.A., the lushness it brought to the nearby California valleys made the city more attractive than arid San Diego.  
  
Sources:  
Avila, Eric. Popular Culture in the Age of White Flight: Fear and Fantasy in Suburban Los Angeles. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2006.  
  
MacGirr, Lisa. Suburban Warriors: The Origins of the New American Right. Princeton [u.a.]: Princeton Univ. Press, 2001.  
  
Nicolaides, Becky. My Blue Heaven: Life and Politics in the Working-Class Suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2002.  
  
Scott, Allen. The City: Los Angeles and Urban Theory at the End of the Twentieth Century. Berkeley (Calif.): University of California press, 1998. 




 Since the *Fog of War* is mentioned, McNamara stated in the documentary that if the U.S. had lost WWII, he and other planners would probably have been charged with war crimes. I remember this admission because of the shock I felt at hearing it, and the understanding that in any war, the winners decide the rules. 




 I understand the ideology of providing monies to a country during wartime conflicts, but the Lend-Lease deal with Britain and Russia were extremely controversial during the run-up to WWII, according to Eric Goldman in *The Crucial Decade: 1945-1955*. The first time I've encountered explicit mention of the U.S. providing aid is during the Marshall Plan, and it was seen as a way of influencing the political outcomes in Greece and Italy. We now provide financial aid to a large number of countries, and threaten to withhold funds when countries behave badly, but I'm trying to discover when this strategy became a policy for the government. Thank you for the reply. 




 Thank you for this answer; it will point me in the correct direction. 




 The Worldnews' mods are showing a level of intolerance by labeling this story "Not Major World News".  




 Why is original commentary and analysis on Salon being labeled "rehosted content" when it clearly is not? 




 There is a wonderful, short book by the black historian Henry Gates titled Colored People: A Memoir (New York: Vintage Books, 1995), that speaks to the changing attitudes of African-Americans during the Civil Rights Movement. Gates spent his childhood in North Carolina, coming of age during the lunch counter sit-ins taking place in his local city. He clearly documents the attitudes of black Americans as violence erupted across the country during the various civil rights demonstrations.
 




 Sure, a person could move to California, but that was a very long, hazardous trek because the railroads hadn't expanded to the west coast, and the travel was by foot, wagon, or ship. Since the Panama Canal wasn't open, ships had to travel around the coast of Argentina and skirt Mexico before arriving in California. The trip was probably as hazardous as fighting in the war. 




 These areas were, indeed, fertile for thousands of years before human writing existed. The encroachment of the desert over the centuries has covered much of the area, and it's expected to continue expanding south into Africa. 




 Most of the posted comments provide good information, but I'd suggest narrowing your subject matter to specific areas. Instead of writing a historiography of WWII, examine writings about the Battle of the Bulge; instead of the Cold War, write about the Cuban Missile Crisis or the Berlin Air Resupply missions. The tighter your paper's focus, the better it'll appear to a reader. Finally, always approach your readings by focusing on the differences between authors' approaches or methods. In many ways you're writing a series of book reviews on a single historical event. If you need help choosing the books to include in your historiography, begin with the most contemporary historian's writing on the subject and use his/her bibliography to identify the historical works they relied upon. 




 I don't know if Soviet spying on the Manhattan Project counts as a conspiracy, but Stalin knew about the bomb well before its use or the public's discovery. There are also theories about the decision to use the bomb, that some might find conspiracy related. 




 One of the best sources to answer this question comes from Lisle Rose. He described early public reaction to nuclear testing as popular, and that people flocked to the desert to watch tests. As for the health ramifications caused by radiation, the U.S. government was well aware of its dangers, even to the extent that it barred newspaper reporters and photographers not approved by the government from visiting Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The public didn't really become aware of the danger from radiation until after Japanese fishermen working in the area of the Bikini Atoll tests became sick and the news went public.  
  
Source:  
1. Lisle Rose, The Cold War Comes to Main Street: America in 1950 (Lawrence: University Press of Kansas, 1999). 




 Always glad to be of help. 




 If you would like to see or hear a number of really good oral histories, visit studsterkel.org to find examples. Studs Terkel is considered one of the greatest American oral historians and his interview subjects come from a diverse background. There are also many books written on the subject, but most are found in university libraries as opposed to local county or city libraries. 




 The term "shell shock" refers to a condition that VA mental health professionals now call PTSD. The term first came about during WWI and its aftermath when soldiers exhibited symptoms such as uncontrollable shaking, fugues, and panic induced by loud noises. After intense periods of enemy shelling, a spike rose in soldiers reporting these symptoms leading health officials to use the term "shell shock." Doctors blamed the concussive blasts from the shelling for the symptoms and believed it was a physical problem, overcome by simply resting.  
  
As the science of mental health improved over the century, doctors recognized the symptoms as a mental disorder that could be controlled with proper care.  
  
Sources:  
  
1. Wade Davis, Into the Silence the Great War, Mallory, and the Conquest of Everest (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 2011),  
  
2. Adam Hochschild, To End All Wars: A Story of Loyalty and Rebellion, 1914-1918 (Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2011).  
  
3. Barbara Wertheim Tuchman, The Guns of August (New York: Ballantine, 1994).  
  
4. Richard J Evans, The Coming of the Third Reich (New York: The Penguin Press, 2009). 




 What is editorialized about this lede. I copied and pasted it straight from the article. 




 The author ignored the role Mormonism played in Romney's life. The mormons are rabidly anti-gay, as demonstrated by its role in defeating Proposition 8 in California.  




 I cannot address Taft's role in trust busting, however, Theodore Roosevelt's reasons for going after these entities were based on his close relationship with both the environment and the American people. As a child, Roosevelt collected animal, insect, and plant specimens for classification in his many journals and diaries. During his college years, he left school to mourn the death of his first wife, moving out west to start a cattle ranch. He formed close relationships with migrants who settled on undeveloped land, and understood the daily struggle these people faced. The most pernicious obstacle for these settlers was the large corporations and railroads that simply took resources from the settlers' lands without compensation. When Roosevelt became an "accidental president" after the assassination of McKinley, he seized the opportunity to protect the environment and American citizens from unfair trust practices by setting aside huge swaths of land as national parks for future generations. Once called a "traitor to his class" by the wealthy trust owners, Roosevelt was considered a hero by his fellow citizens.  
  
Sources:  
Brands, H. W. American Colossus the Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900. New York, NY: Doubleday, 2010.  
Brinkley, Douglas. The Wilderness Warrior Theodore Roosevelt and the Crusade for America. Pymble, NSW; New York, NY: HarperCollins e-books, 2009.  
Donald, Ada DiPace. Lion in the White House a Life of Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Basic Books, 2007.  
Egan, Timothy. The Big Burn: Teddy Roosevelt and the Fire That Saved America. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2009.  
Morris, Edmund. The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt. New York: Modern Library, 2010.  
Morris, Edmund. Colonel Roosevelt. New York: Random House Trade Paperbacks, 2011.  
Thomas, Evan. The War Lovers Roosevelt, Lodge, Hearst, and the Rush to Empire, 1898. New York: Little, Brown and Co., 2010.  
Zacks, Richard. Island of Vice Theodore Roosevelts Doomed Quest to Clean up Sin-Loving New York. New York: Doubleday, 2012.  
 




 I once worked for the College Board as a phone pollster and my first question is: where did the pollsters obtain its phone list of possible interviewees? Individuals who end up on these lists have usually shown a willingness to answer polls in the past. These people are usually better educated, and in a comfortable living situation. A proper polling population should cross social and economic boundaries, thereby providing more diverse answers that reflect contemporary socioeconomic realities. 




 Weiner, Tim *Enemies: a history of the FBI* pages 258-259 detail the bugging of MLK, and page 273 discusses the FBI efforts to force MLK's suicide. 




 Apparently you cited Wiener without reading his book, but there's a section at the book's end that provides the evidence of the numerous black-bag operations that targeted MLK. 




 Untrue...Weiner documents attempts by the FBI to convince MLK to commit suicide through the release of documents and a letter writing campaign by FBI agents to the civil right's leader. The FBI also participated in "black-bag operations" without warrants that were essentially breaking-and-entering crimes, and frequently targeted MLK.
edit: The true extent of the spying on Vietnam war protestors and civil rights advocates will never be known because a huge collection of J.E. Hoover's secret documents were burned after his death. 




 You are very welcome. 




 Americans attributed the loss of China to the Truman administration and its backlash swept Eisenhower and the Republicans back into power after almost 2 decades of Democratic party rule. Communism was tightly wound together with the U.S. social and labor movements of the early 20th century, and it was greatly feared because of its challenge to democracy and capitalism. This is a recurring theme in John Gaddis' *The Cold War a new history* and *We now know: rethinking Cold War history*, in which Mao first reached out to the U.S. for help before being rebuffed, causing the Chinese turn to Russia. Lisle Rose describes the political climate of the 1950s in *The Cold War comes to Main Street : America in 1950.* Stalin's efforts to consolidate Russia's satellite nations were brutal, and this played on Americans' fears of an outbreak of war that included nuclear warfare. Eisenhower's reputation as a military leader, and the Republican Party's sable-rattling, signaled confidence to a frightened country that it believed Democrat's lacked. 




 According to Bruce Schulman's *Lyndon B. Johnson and American liberalism : a brief biography with documents*, both LBJ and Kennedy viewed the loss of Vietnam as both a victory for communism, and a political grenade for the Democratic Party. The Dems blamed the loss of China to communism for the party's election losses to Republican Party during the Eisenhower years. Dems feared that if the U.S. lost Vietnam, Republicans would recapture majorities in both houses and the presidency. Eric Goldman's *The crucial decade : America, 1945-1955* was written in the 1960s, but it also makes mention of the political repercussions facing the Democratic Party if it lost Vietnam. 




 My answer isn't as a historian, but it comes from lived experience. About twenty-five years ago I worked for military intelligence as an ELINT analyst. One of the sites I operated from was run by the NSA, and located in an allied country where we collected and analyzed satellite and missile telemetry from hostile nations. At this site, the analysts were guarded by armed MPs, and the equipment was rigged with self-destruct explosives in the event of a foreign military attack. To complete the destruction, two f16s from a nearby airbase remained on daily alert to bomb the site so that nothing remained for the enemy to use. 




 According to Eric Arnesen in *The Black Worker: Race, Labor, and Civil Rights since Emancipation* and Richard Valelly in *The Two Reconstructions: the Struggle for Black Enfranchisement*, slaves so despised their masters that one of the first things they did as freemen was change given names. Instead, they adopted names taken from places, trades, and even African relatives. Keeping the master's name was considered a last resort as a means to escape the rampant violence visited on newly freed blacks. 




 The Roediger book deals explicitly with Eastern European immigrants. 




 Two wrongs don't make a right, but isn't the gang rape of women in India a common occurrence? 




 There are many authors who discuss race and the immigrant's path to acceptance as a member of the "white race", but David Roediger's *Working Toward Whiteness: How America's Immigrants Became White* is probably the most concise. As one commenter mentioned without going into detail, the process was related to economic and political power. An individual gained access through attaining a steady, well-paying job, but the best means was by purchasing land and building a house, or buying a preexisting house. According to Roediger, these two conditions signaled to the community at large that the individual held a stake in the nation's continuing success. The most problematic "whites" were the Jews because of the rampant antisemitism both in the U.S. and abroad, but even they could be accepted if they satisfied the job and house provision. Asians and blacks were excluded from this process by the National Association of Realtors which instituted a system of "red lining". The institution used signed covenants to restrict homeowners within a community from selling their homes to African-Americans or any other minority the community deemed unwelcome. On Realtor maps these areas were outlined using red, thus the term "red lining."  For more information here is a list of books:
* Fenians, Freedmen, and Southern Whites by Mitchell Snay
* Inventing the "American Way" by Wendy Wall
* My Blue Heaven: life and politics in working-class suburbs of Los Angeles by Becky Nicolaides
* Popular Culture in the Age of White Flight by Eric Avila
* Urban Revolt: ethnic politics in the nineteenth-century Chicago labor movement by Eric Hirsch
* White Flight: Atlanta and the making of modern conservatism by Kevin Kruse 




 According to Zubok's *Inside the Kremlin's Cold War,"* and *Gulag: a history* by Anne Applebaum, not only did soldiers have to share a rifle, many were forced to collect their weapons and ammunition off of dead Soviet and German soldiers. Both authors report soldiers going into battle with sharpened pitchforks and scythes for weapons. 




 If you want a concise history through timelines I suggest reading *Map of Time: an Introduction to Big History* by David Christian. He also does a beautiful TedTalk on the book. 




 we can assume he didn't pay for grades, but if he did, he got cheated. 




 I've studied T. Roosevelt's life pretty extensively, and he was a contemporary of John Muir. Roosevelt's intention for setting aside so much federal land was so the American public could enjoy camping in the wild.  




 JFK's grades were horrible; he barely maintained a passing grade point average. 




 I refuse to tell the reader what to think about an article. If I were to give a submission statement it would influence the readers' understanding of the article. If you're a sheep and feel the need to be led I can understand this necessity, but I don't feel this need. If the reader wants to know about the story, he/she can do just as I did, read it. 




 I refuse to tell the reader what to think about an article. If I were to give a submission statement it would influence the readers' understanding of the article. If you're a sheep and feel the need to be led I can understand this necessity, but I don't feel this need. If the reader wants to know about the story, he/she can do just as I did, read it. 




 Instead of my telling you what to think, read the article and come to your own conclusion. 




 Chomsky, 'nuf said. 




 I would ask: "If your party is completely against raising taxes, why did you vote to raise the payroll tax, which impacts the majority of hourly workers, but voted not to raise taxes on those making more than 200k?" 




 Boeing is currently threatening to move out of the Seattle area because of labor issues, and it is pressing the city and state for more incentives to remain in the area. It's silly to give such perks to an obviously declining company. 




 I've read a number of historians (Foner, Ward, Kennedy, Norton) who've stated that the recession began in the early 1920s, and the Stock Market crash of 1929 was just a part of a longer economic downturn. 




 I was a TA for Eve Kornfeld, a prominent historian a pre-colonial and colonial American, and she explained the gendered immigration patterns of early settlers as a result of economic interests. She said the Virginia area became a focus of interest for British companies that were searching for new sources of raw materials. These companies would advertise for men by espousing the New World as a means of new opportunities and wealth. They offered to pay the individuals way via ship and provide them with food, and in return the individual would labor honestly and without trouble for six years. When the six years passed, the individual was given a plot of land and the means necessary to make it prosper. When the individual arrived in Virginia, a local would buy his contract from the British company, and the man would now work for a new employer for the six years. If his new employer accused him of being difficult, he could add more time to the contract.
New immigrants to the Northern U.S. were mostly families because they were moving to escape religious persecution. They came to the new world as a family unit, and encouraged settlement as a family unit. The individual's life expectancy was also very short during this period and the new world's appetite for new immigrants remained constant. I hope this explanation helps. 




 i know, but that acronym just seems so unexpectedly appropriate for the NSA; either they didn't write the acronym down or didn't care what the public might read into it. 




 who out there didn't read that acronym as i con the record? it's truth in advertising. 




 There is a wonderful book by Timothy Egan called *The Big Burn* that talks about the birth of the U.S. Forestry Service and T. Roosevelt's role in setting aside land for the national forest. It details the huge forest fire of 1910 that spread across Washington, Idaho, and Michigan, and how the newly appointed forest rangers and volunteers battled to fight the fire. One of the tidbits I found interesting was that Ed Polaski, a forest ranger, invented the axe that all modern firefighters now carry but never received any financial gain because he didn't patent the design. As a result of the 1910 fire, Polaski lost all the sight in one eye, and damage to the other eye left his vision blurry. The saddest portion of the book details the lack of social and medical support the rangers received after risking their lives. The men were forced to pay their own medical bills and none of them received pensions or disability payments. Because of their injuries, many suffered financial ruin and died poor. 




 in virtually every book i've read on this subject, stalin's need for an american invasion of france was to force germany to shift resources away from the russian front, and relieve pressure on the russian military. as the winter took its toll on germany the need became less pressing, but stalin still continued to insist on the invasion.
another rarely mentioned fact is that the japanese 5th army was amassed on the chinese/soviet border. because japan and russia were members of a non-aggression pact signed in 1905 (T. Roosevelt won a nobel prize for mediating this), stalin knew this border was safe. the japanese were terrified the russians would enter the war against them, and would probably have surrendered before the bomb drop on hiroshima (stated by: arnold, leahy, macarthur, eisenhower). i've always asked myself why truman didn't drop the bomb as a demonstration on the japanese army amassed across the border from russia? it was a military target and the demonstration would reveal to both russia and japan the bomb's power. the arms race would probably have still occurred, but there might have been less animosity between the russia and the u.s. 




 I once took a seminar on the history of modern germany - bismark to adenauer
In regards to hitler, my prof. offered two factors he felt were decisive for the nazis to gain power. first, the radio was employed to disseminate a constant stream of pro-nazi propaganda. he said that every home in germany was required to have a radio, and if it wasn't on, the homeowners were regarded with suspicion and reported to the authorities. second, the concentration camps began as a political tool used to scare local social-democrats and communists within the population. this soon expanded to include religious leaders and newspaper writers/editors/owners. many of the individuals swallowed up in the camps were later released and the stories they told about the camps were positive.  at the time, many of the camps were located in secluded, forested areas where the local populations rarely encountered it. most germans, he stated, were simply happy they weren't imprisoned in one. as the camps evolved and became more closely associated with jewish imprisonment, they were ignored by the population. in the nazi party's early days, these camps were full of political prisoners, and the mere thought of ending up in one kept the population from supporting the party's opponents. 




 I had friends that TAed for him, and I've read his *Maps of Time: an Introduction to Big History* twice. I took a seminar on historical methodology, which is when I read his book for the first time. We got to meet him and ask questions the week our group covered the big history topic. I enjoy his writing and highly recommend the book. Dr. Christian moved back to Australia, but I'm not sure where he's teaching.  




 It was at SDSU and so long ago I can't remember the profs. name. 




 This seminar did include Nicholaides, McGirr, and Davis (not his ecology of fear), and these three are known as part of a California history clique. 




 I can only speak to the seminars that I've been directly involved in, and it may vary from institution to institution. A history seminar will delve deeply into the history of a subject, location, or even ideology, among many other things. For example, a seminar on the history of Los Angeles would require a number of core books about the city's social, economic, political, and physical history for the student to read weekly/biweekly. Additionally, the student is assigned a book from the list to review. Book reviews are generally 6-10 pages and focus on where the book fits within 1) its historiography, 2) the author's citations and historical methodology, 3) the argument's strengths and weaknesses, 4) and what the author's argument adds to the historiography. The instructor will also offer subjects for deeper historical inspection that relate to the course, and the student is assigned a 20-30 page paper to respond. The seminar generally meets weekly to discuss assignments and the readings, and I always found it the most interesting portion because my fellow students often noticed things that I did not, thus expanding my knowledge. Anyway, the gist of it is there's a lot of reading and writing involved, but if you love history, a seminar's the best thing since sliced bread. 




 Let's go ahead and blame Manning's release of documents for helping radicals recruit new members; let's forget that the incidents documented in the leaks really happened and could be seen as a recruiting tool. 




 There were multiple contemporaneous military studies completed at the end of the war that stated Japan was close to surrender, and the bombs were completely unnecessary. Hap Arnold reported that the Japanese had "lost the skies" and the Army Air Force was running out of targets in Japan. Leahy reported that the Navy blockade of Japan ensured no further war production could take place. All of the military command with actual knowledge of the South Pacific War stated they believed the war couldn't have lasted past November of 1945.  




 I understand and appreciate your input on this; I also want to say your earlier mention of the Alperovitz thesis piqued my interest so I read the book. I've encountered much of the information Alperovitz documents but it came from secondary resources that had written about the bombings. His research appears sound, the citations are many and speak to the incident at hand, but he also identifies areas where the information has changed or was incomplete. You argued in another thread that his thesis was popular in the 1990s, but that was no longer the case. What do you believe is incorrect about his work, and the thesis that the bomb, while dropped on Japan, was meant as a political tool for use against Russia? 




 Thank you for the information; it answered my question completely. 




 Boeing - not only can we not develop and deliver a plane on time, we will also sue you for failing. Plus - like at Walmart - you only get an in-store credit. 




 Firebombing a city entailed massive numbers of planes and bombs, and took a number of hours to effect what the military would call a success. The A-bomb required one plane and one bomb that acted with immediate destruction rendering the possibility of survival virtually nonexistent. Everyone understood the destructive potential of this weapon and its political implication for future generations. If you can gain access to Time's and Harper's archives, the contemporary articles clearly articulate the pulse of the world after the bomb's drop. 




 I appreciate your input, but I caution you against "taking yourself" back in time as you study the bomb's history, and by that I mean believing our contemporary attitudes were shared by those living in 1945. We have lived with the knowledge of nuclear weapons for over 65 years, and its depictions in numerous films, television shows, documentaries, and video games lead to a disconnect with its actual danger, but in 1945, a force as powerful as these two weapons simply didn't exist. For nations at war, the understanding that one bomb could wipe out entire armies, was both awe inspiring and frightening. Articles in Time, Harpers, The New York Times, and other news sources in the U.S. and overseas immediately address this weapon's implications on war and politics, and the paradigm shift this meant for the world at large. As for who wouldn't want to see the bomb drop? Just about the entire military and scientific community who had witnessed the test drop or were briefed on its results. Within the naval command, Leahy and MacArthur both stated there unhappiness over the bombs and targets because they considered it an almost cowardly act against a civilian population. And while the destruction of cities was commonplace during this period, the ability to do it with one bomb was not imagined. 




 There are mounds of declassified documents, but there's a reason they're classified as such. And, while some documents released earlier to researchers still had large portions redacted, more complete versions have been released which call into question the accepted understanding of the roles and attitudes of those involved in the decision. The military command's involvement in the decision was based on the intelligence at hand and what they were seeing on the ground. The navy commanders in charge of the blockade of Japan reported that the enemy was completely unable to resupply and predicted it would sue for peace by December, 1945. Hap Arnold stated in Time magazine a mere 11 days after the event that the Japanese were already beaten and dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary.
I do, however, appreciate your input and the listing of another book that I can pour through. 




 The government still has a massive amount of classified information from WWII, and the difficulty for a researcher is to know exactly what document to request in a FOIA, otherwise it's like throwing spitballs at the wall and waiting for the right one to stick.
Regarding my flare, I do study the development of cities, their social and political histories, and yes, race plays an important role. As for the media, I have a deep understanding of film's influence on society in driving a popular narrative or style, or taking the historical pulse of the nation in any given year. 




 I didn't know there was an Alperovitz thesis. My knowledge comes from reading Gaddis, Lytle, Zubok and Pleshakov, and other cold war historians whose stances have shifted on the bomb decision issue over the years. Probably the most damning material for what Truman knew about Japan's attempts at peace overtures comes from the declassified MAGIC intercepts. This information, combined with newly released classified documents paints a very different picture of the decision. Another point that has become clear over time is that Stimson was far removed from the decision making process at both Potsdam and for the bomb. This is verified repeatedly by his own diary and from the personal papers of those involved. 




 The problem with the narrative of a "perfect storm of justifications" is that it doesn't fit with the historical record of the event that continues to contemporaneously evolve as more formerly classified material is released, along with the diaries of primary participants that were withheld from publication by request (25-50 yrs.). The information Truman had from his military was that Japan was on its last legs because of the blockade. The U.S. controlled the skies above Japan because the country was out of fuel, and the pilots were rapidly running out of targets on the mainland to bomb. They urged a clarification of the "unconditional surrender" term that assured the Japanese people that their Emperor wouldn't be harmed. They also believed an invasion of Japan wasn't necessary because Allied bombing had completely destroyed the country's ability to manufacture munitions, and the blockade denied it the raw materials for production. Eisenhower was particularly vocal, especially after encountering the Red Army in Europe, and witnessing its decrepitude, that U.S. forces could operate without a declaration of war from Russia. The number of high-ranking military officials who supported a demonstration of the weapon prior to its use is overwhelming. A number of these same officials later said that more American lives could've been saved, and the war shortened, if Truman had simply clarified "unconditional surrender", which was the only sticking point to Japan's surrender. The idea that Japan refused to surrender is a fallacy, and the record is filled with these attempts. The Emperor became personally involved in these attempts during June, 1945, and a MAGIC intercept details his attempt to meet with the King of Sweden, who as an royal personage could broker the terms of surrender with the U.S. The OSS chief in Sweden, William "Wild Bill" Donovan, confirmed the effort but Truman told him not to pursue it. That's why the decision to drop the bomb makes such a compelling mystery. 




 The conspiracy isn't about building the bomb, it's about Truman's decision to use the bomb. His decision to drop the A-bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki fits all the parameters of a conspiracy. Did he authorize the drop because it would end the war quickly and save American soldiers' lives, or was it because the entire Red Army was amassed across Eastern Europe and Germany's defeat freed up soldiers to shift to the Asian sphere of battle, leaving western Europe defenseless? Regarding the latter question, a demonstration of the A-bomb sent a clear message to Stalin that the U.S. now had the capability to offset a large land army with superior technology. However, this is only one area of inquiry. Who influenced Truman's decision-making process? Why were Japanese peace overtures ignored? Why was a Russian declaration of war against Japan pursued so vigorously at the onset of May-July, 1945, and then abandoned after the Potsdam Conference? It was generally believed by all parties involved that a declaration of war by Russia would force the capitulation of Japan without the necessity of a U.S. invasion. Why did Truman refuse to define the term "unconditional surrender" so that the Japanese people understood it didn't mean the death of their Emperor? Despite calls from the American media, Churchill, the U.S. legislature, and all his military commanders to clearly outline for the Japanese people what surrender would entail, Truman remained evasive on the issue. If a historian wants a really good conspiracy, it's the decision to use the bomb.  




 This is also a theory I'm familiar with, and one that stands up to scholarly inquiry. 




 You believe the bomb was used to save American soldiers from having to invade Japan. 




 You believe the bomb was used to save American soldiers from having to invade Japan. 




 These figures don't hold up under historical scrutiny. Primary documents from the historical actors (Truman, Eisenhower, Marshall etc.), and from declassified material, paint a very different picture of the reasoning behind Truman's decision to drop the bomb. 




 This is also one of the narrative's that I'm aware of, but is it correct? 




 All of these arguments assume that dropping the bombs on populated areas was necessary, but why not demonstrate the bomb's power before a Japanese delegation, and then actually use the bomb if the nation remains unmoved? Based on the accounts of scientists who viewed the first atomic explosion, the overall emotion felts among them was awe at its power. Japan's government had already sent out diplomatic feelers among the Russians to broker a peace deal with the Americans. MAGIC intercepts of Japanese communication also provided U.S. military leaders with the knowledge that Japan's military was on the verge of collapse. So, why drop the bomb without offering first a demonstration? 




 I believe that the legalities of the bomb played a small role in Truman's decision-making process, but do you really believe it was his main impetus for dropping the bomb? 




 The legalities of whether to drop the bomb was not an answer that I expected, and it is appreciated. A number of historians mention the comparison between the bomb's effects and fire bombing civilian cities in Europe and Japan. McNamara admitted publicly that if the U.S. hadn't won the war, the leadership, himself included, would have faced charges for crimes against humanity because of the firebombing of Dresden and Tokyo. Am I correct, then, in summing up this line of argument as "it was okay by the rules of the Hague Convention?" 




 I'm an American historian, but of the two people who immediately come to mind, one is british - Winston Churchill. Immediately after his speech "we will fight in the...", American public opinion reversed course from isolationist to intervention and allowed congress to pass the lend/lease bill. Benjamin Franklin is another individual whose scientific stature bestowed on him a fame that he capitalized on by convincing France to aid the American Rebels. It was his invention of the lightning rod that brought him the most fame overseas. Most cities were constructed of wood, so lightning strikes were a constant threat. With the advent of Franklin's lightning rod, cities suddenly became much safer places to live, something that the French truly appreciated.  




 While reading Wade Davis's *Into the Silence: The Great War, Mallory, and the Conquest of Everest*, there is an account of two climbers from Mallory's 2nd expedition in 1922 who used experimental oxygen. They both climbed higher than Mallory and remained overnight. To celebrate their oxygen equipment's success, they shared a cigarette. I was surprised that fit climbers such as Mallory, and his fellow climbers, weren't leery about the effects of smoking, but their accounts talk about sharing cigarettes in an almost ritual-like way. 




 If you truly want to understand why Detroit collapsed, read Thomas Sugrue's *The Origins of the Urban Crisis: Race and Inequality in Post-war Detroit*. Another good read is Kevin Boyle's *Arc of Justice: A Saga of Race, Civil Rights, and Murder in the Jazz Age*. Both offer pain-staking details to the decline of Detroit, but the main gist is that the Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Realtors made their money off the city's constituents, and then abandoned it along with the manufacturing sector. 




 Hubris. 




 The ideology of anarchy demands that members deny the authority of anyone other than ones self. 




 The resulting arms race also cost Americans far more than they could have imagined. Instead of investing in education and building a more robust working class, the capital was spent on building, maintaining, and improving nuclear bombs; it's an investment in a weapon that no one ever plans to use, because the response would overwhelm the world. During the arms race one group did prosper - the military-industrial complex. Alec Roland called weapons the "capitalists dream" because they created their own market, required constant upkeep, and always needed upgrades. 




 Before 1945, only individuals with the 'need to know' were aware of the atomic bomb. Physicists not involved in the project probably understood the theoretical power of nuclear fission, but didn't know about the real deal. I once did a search on lexis nexis for the two words "atomic bomb", and the only hit returned was from a 1920s era newspaper story that predicted what the future would be like. The author posited that cars in the future would fly using energy from small atomic blasts. 




 I mentioned Lev and the directors' autobiographies because they were the quickest sources that I could recall, but I did a deep study on the film industry's development and very little was mentioned about Edison's patents. In its early days, Hollywood was very much a wild west atmosphere with new innovations occurring annually. However, every telling of the story about Hollywood's birth shares the same commonality, weather. 




 If this occurred, then the individual didn't successfully fake their death. 




 Peter Lev wrote an entire series on the history of film that is broken down into decades (ie. 1900-1910, 1920-1930). He posited that California became the studios' choice because of the weather. George Stevens and Byron Haskin both began their careers as camera operators around 1910, before becoming directors; in their biographies, both men discuss at length about the extended shooting schedules that California offered, as well as the variety of landscape. Montana was considered as a suitable replacement for California, but its weather and short summer left the state at a disadvantage. I cannot comment on the reason for New York's success in American theater. 




 If they successfully faked their death, doesn't that mean no one would know? 




 I don't know of A. Beevor's claim, but I have read translations of primary documents that described strategies used by German women to avoid rape as the Red Army rolled through their territory. This included making themselves appear as men (cutting hair, more clothes for bulk) or just completely undesirable (blackening face with soot and mud), but the main strategy was to flee toward the approaching Allied armies. 




 Physically, Stalin was a very short man (5'4 I think) with a club foot and a deformed arm. In no way was he physically imposing, thus the moniker "steel" to make up for his features. 




 There is a good reason for Churchill's quote about the Britain being able to survive. Lynne Olson's book *Those Angry Days* describes the fight between isolationists and interventionists before the bombing of Pearl Harbor. We like to see the Lend Lease program as a crutch for Britain, but in actuality it didn't provide much support for the British because American military leaders were unwilling to release equipment they believed would be necessary for U.S. defense in the immediate future. Roosevelt was hesitant to go against public opinion, and the isolationists were extremely vocal and led by a number of groups, the most influential being America First, which touted Lindbergh as a member. Olson describes Britain as being on the edge of collapse and encircled by the Germans. Hitler, meanwhile, has given orders to his navy not to menace any U.S. ships. He avoided at all costs bringing the U.S. into the war, but after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, he waited a period longer before declaring war on the U.S. Olson also claimed Roosevelt wanted a declaration of war from Germany to strengthen his own political position in asking congress for a declaration of war. Churchill and his interventionist guests, which he described as fairly dancing, were so very happy because they knew America's business interests would now support war, and the trickle of war materials would now become a flood. 




 I cannot comment on the first era (1920), but Stalin's reaction to the German invasion and Winter War is documented by his daughter, who said he sequestered himself in isolation and wept out of fear. She described him as being unsure of his leadership skills, and that he felt vulnerable to his many political enemies. All of this is documented in Zubok and Pleshakov's book *Inside the Kremlin's Cold War*. Applebaum writes of Stalin's deep distrust of the Polish military and underground and his vicious purges after gaining control of the country in her writings about the Gulag. 




 I've already seen that Sinclair and others were mentioned, however, Jacob Riis was one of the earliest investigative reporters that combined photography. He wrote *How the other half lives* but prior to this book, he wrote in-depth articles on everything from sanitation to alcohol reform. He is mentioned by historians as one of T. Roosevelt's companions on his jaunts through 1890s New York City. 




 We spent a week on studying and understanding the different historical methodologies during one of my early history seminars, and post-modernism was by far the most complicated. One of the books we read was Foucault's *Discipline and Punish*, but I deal mainly with film historians who specialize in post-modern methodology. My greatest complaint is that the pm methodology create these very long, sometimes confusing argument, and then give it a shorter label, before using it again to support another argument. In short, it appeared to be a form of verbal gymnastics employed to prop up an argument when proof wasn't readily available. 




 Somehow, North Carolina's branding as Dennys is aptly appropriate. 




 That answer was given in earnest, and has a basis in ancient histories and drawings. The human breast's ability to squirt milk led children to use the same technique on goats, cows, llamas, or any other animal that produces milk for human consumption. The only thing wrong with my answer was its need for more context. 




 It began when male children learned their mothers' teats squirted milk when pressed just so. It then moved to the bladder of animals. Of course, the concept of a squirting gun only came about with the commercialization of toys. 




 Hints of war over declining natural resources. 




 I'm assuming the government's at fault here because it has a long track-record of doing really bad things: vietnam, watergate, grenada, shah of iran, nicaragua, iraq, ............ 




 However, these are the same ratings agencies that gave AAA ratings to junk bonds during the financial meltdown. Regard their ratings as suspect. 




 The author only mentioned [freedom of contract](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_of_contract) once, but it was the precursor to "right to work" and was just as heinous.  




 No...someone in her position could send a proxy, as is so prevalent in our society, but she chose to attend and present her viewpoint. If the opportunity ever presents itself for you to heckle the president, let me know if you had the courage to do it. 




 You have to admire someone with the courage to express their beliefs. 




 The Republicans seem perfectly content to screw over those of us students with loans; it's not considered a tax so it can't be held against them. 




 i cannot agree with you because i believe t. roosevelt was a far superior president than either of the poor examples you mentioned. 




 I humbly withdraw my selection. 




 Herbert Hoover - the presidency was his first elected office. 




 Ditto...damn it. 




 The anti-registration contingent argues about this fear of having their guns taken because they'll be left without protection. The government doesn't want peoples' guns because they have so many better toys with which to reap destruction; and if they wanted your gun, they could take it, along with the owner. Protesting the drone strikes that killed an U.S. citizen, the closing of Guantanamo, the use of torture, or the warrant-less wiretaps are all equally important, but gun advocates only want to protect the 2nd amendment and toss the rest out. Asking gun owners to register their weapons and instituting improved background checks is not unreasonable, and anyone paranoid about the government taking their gun is probably not that stable in the first place. If an individual is obeying the law, and living within it, they have nothing to fear. You may have the final word because I'm finished with arguing about "what might happen" in some paranoid's world. 




 If it comes down to making your life a little harder in order to save lives, that's simply a no-brainer. Asking people to register and pass a background check before purchasing a weapon in no way inhibits an individual from owning a gun. If that person passes the background check, no problem, they get the gun; but, if that person fails the check, it may stop a mass shooting. The straw-man in the argument for 2nd amendment enthusiasts is that registering puts them on some kind of list. This kind of fortunetelling leads to conspiracy theories and worries that the government will take away guns. As for being on a list, the number of things that necessitate registration are almost too numerous to count: boating, hunting, school, children, vehicle, home, pet, rv, motorcycle, political party, etc..

The government knows enough about its population without having to worry about whether you have a weapon. In fact, the information government has on the population probably includes whether or not the individuals is willing to use said gun. Again, registering a weapon and passing background checks in no way infringes on the right to purchase or own a gun. 




 I am former military; we went to the gun range an average of five times a month. If you asked the soldiers managing the gun range, the most dangerous individual is the untrained shooter. New shooters will point weapons at people, cars, and animals because the weapon is a new "toy." Our nation doesn't allow people to drive a car w/o a license and it should be the same for gun ownership. Our nation's founders didn't require this because children were taught about weapons during this period; it was a tool used for survival. We no longer use weapons this way, but expect people to understand them. 




 I should have clarified which rights I don't believe are being stepped on - gun rights. Weapons should be registered and training to use them should be mandatory. But the government's asking gun owners to register their weapons shouldn't be a big deal. 




 The stated reason for the protest is to protest an encroaching government and the event organizers stressed that it would remain peaceful if the authorities remained respectful of the protestors' rights. The "if" in that statement bothers me because it implies a threat of retaliation, and is almost provocative in nature. It almost appears as if they're spoiling for a fight over rights that I don't believe are being trampled on. 




 Remember when a group from the black panthers showed up with guns in a public forum and the government went ballistic? 




 I only have myself to blame for the lack of regulatory oversight that is slowly killing the united states, because i voted in every election that allowed my representative to act like a shitbird and vote for corporate self-regulation. i know that the ron paul types and republicans scream for smaller government and less regulation because it's anti-business. i'm ashamed that i once voted for ronald reagan, and the sr. bush fooled me once, but age and education have shown me the error of my ways. the gutting of *our* resources, not corporations resources, but the *nation's* resources, comes at the cost of smaller government. i take responsibility for the debacle that is our congress, and let me go ahead and apologize in advance for the future *insert catastrophe here* by the *insert corporate entity here* causing the needless deaths of *insert number dead here*. boy, do i feel better about small government.  




 Now the 1 percent is outsourcing our scholarship programs. 




 I'm currently watching Jon Stewart on the Daily Show. He agrees that you're an idiot. 




 I acknowledged the fact that my idea is repulsive, but so is an ideology that fights for the rights of a deranged portion of the population to have the arms necessary to decimate twenty children. 




 I'll defend your right to be wrong, and to express your opinion using an ad hominem argument, but I won't agree with you because then we'd both be wrong. 




 This is in no way an argument based on raw emotion. The will of the people has been usurped by a powerful gun lobby, and that runs completely against the constitutional laws of the United States. As for my argument about the crime scene photos, that, too, is on solid ground with a plethora of sources, but I'll include one [here](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/culturepicturegalleries/6152050/Ten-photographs-that-changed-the-world.html).  




 This is completely unacceptable behavior on the part of our legislative branch, and those that are responsible for the bill's defeat should be politically punished. Citizens are forced to register their cars, animals, and homes, so why should guns be treated any differently? There was, and still remains, one sure-fire way to get gun legislation passed - release the crime scene photos of the Newtown shooting victims. I know this suggestion is thoroughly repulsive, but as a photojournalist, I understand the visceral reaction to a photo, and the power contained within. The public's reaction to those photos would be a firestorm that even the most jaded of politicians could not ignore, nor could the NRA dodge the reality that occurred when a lone gunman stole the lives of 26 helpless and innocent individuals. 




 I can offer you a good book source that answers just this question: David Roediger, "Working toward whiteness: how America's immigrants became white". Roediger attributed the path to "whiteness" as earned by owning a home, which of course meant you had a good job. 




 Siemens has been mentioned, but it deserves another mention for the funding of the Nazi party. It also used slave labor from the jewish prison camps, often working the prisoners to death. there are oral accounts of jewish prisoners working on siemens' assembly line and simply falling over dead from hunger and disease. 




 Fear is the engine driving your question, and obviously the U.S. government is not worried about NK. Conducting the test would be tantamount to "chest thumping," and do we really need to do that these days? 




 Thank you, Jon Stewart. 




 Another example of "Fast and Furious" at the local level. 




 The wealthy and the corporations they own consume a far greater ratio of national resources than the average American. The reason this goes unnoticed today is because in the last 100 years the wealthy have learned to play down or hide their wealth. The communities they live in are gated and exclusive, hidden from site. This wasn't true a decade earlier because limitations on transportation meant the wealthy had to mingle with the poor. As a result, Americans witnessed up close the drain on themselves and the nation's resources, which is why taxes on the nation's wealthiest once stood at close to 90%. 




 You'll have to explain the whole process of "wealth redistribution through taxes" before I can understand your argument. 




 Leave social security out because that is taken out of every worker's check, and Medicare is for the poor. National Defense is shared by all, but let's take it as an example. As a taxpayer, I'm paying for the development of the F35 by Lockheed; as an aircraft, it's the equivalent of a money pit - taking in vast amounts of taxpayer funds for over 9 years, but it remains in development. However, Lockheed's board of directors and ceo take home outstanding paychecks. They live in gated communities, fly from place to place, and often park their funds in accounts that are beyond the government's purview. Meanwhile, the industry that they control uses national resources that they pay for at a reduced rate, while simultaneously receiving subsidies. In addition, they employ armies of accountants to insure they receive every tax-break available. Every time I see masses of semi-trucks barreling down the road, or delivery vehicles (UPS, etc.) on the street, I know they're wearing on the roadway more than my car. Shouldn't their taxes be tied to the amount of national resources for which they demand? 




 Untrue...the best example of this is Mitt Romney, and he doesn't represent an anomaly among the wealthy, but rather the norm. 




 What I mean is that the wealthy own the means of production in this country, and that their industries absorb a large portion of national resources. In relation to the average individual, the wealthy are consuming vastly more government services than for which they are paying. 




 Ahh, Adelitas. If you can't find the woman of your dreams there, she doesn't exist. 




 My sentiments, exactly. Harper's is a great primary source if you want to take the pulse of the nation during a particular period after 1857. Harpers is still around today and its archives are available online to subscribers. 




 According to the posse comitatus act of 1878, the use of federal troops to enforce state laws is in direct violation of the constitution. An act of congress, however, can supersede the act if the government believes it necessary to maintain law and order. 




 Good call...this was the first time Douglas MacArthur made it onto the national stage. 




 When I lived in San Diego, I was robbed twice by police while visiting Tijuana. I still love the city, though. There's something about lawlessness so brazenly on display by police and locals that really makes you feel alive. 




 Because the majority of America's soldiers come from the working class, a social class vastly under-represented by the mainstream media. It's only when the suicides come in bunches, or from a particular post, that the media shows any interest. 




 Now let's send some of the bastards to jail. 




 That's just my point, you don't possess the necessary knowledge without my explaining it to you. I can tell you that two centuries earlier, the idea of working for a wage was ludicrous because the world - Britain excepted - still operated on a market economy. Barter remained common for all goods and services. A worker either apprenticed themselves to learn a trade, or they labored in agriculture for a sustenance living.

One century earlier, the average laborer worked 12-14 hour days, six days a week, in incredibly dirty dangerous conditions. If he/she worked in a factory, there were no safety precautions taken and if the worker threatened to strike, he/she was replaced by a more willing worker, or a black laborer. By black laborer, I'm including Sicilians, Greeks, East Europeans, Chinese, Japanese, and Mexicans, because each race was considered "black" on some level. The laws covering this labor fell under the "freedom of contract" clause, meaning if you agreed to work for a wage, you did whatever the boss demanded regardless of danger or long hours.

The reason our food server was able to draw attention to this incident is because of the advances in work conditions made possible by labor unions. We now have 8 hour work days and laws requiring overtime pay; we work five day weeks; if an employer is at fault for bodily injury, they now have to pay; child labor is no longer acceptable in the US; employers are required to give breaks. The list goes on-and-on, but it offers the historical precedence that allowed this food server to speak up and actually be heard. It is also a system that employers hate because it restricts them from taking more-for-less from the employee. Republicans would love to rollback the advances made in labor as we've witnessed in numerous political battles across the nation (Wisconsin, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee).

I've given you ideas that any American historian immediately recognizes, but you don't want a list of "unqualified sources." Perhaps you don't like reading, but the list of sources I offer are peer reviewed university press books published by Harvard, Cambridge, Princeton, Duke, and again the list goes on. Let me finish by saying that *ideas* are wonderful things, but unless supported by real research and testing, they remain ideas until proven, or they slip into the realm of fantasy. If you still want the historiography, I'm happy to send it, but now I'm at the point of wasting my time. If you want to know more, attend one of my lectures, or perhaps at a class closer to where you live. 




 You are correct about the "decade" reference, it should've been centuries. As for the rest of the argument, you win by default; you lack the necessary knowledge of US history to intelligently continue this conversation, and I lack the patience or energy to explain it to you. The only way I will respond is if you'd like a reading list for a historiography on the US economy. If you're interested, let me know and I'll send the list, and then we can have an intelligent conversation. 




 How a person behaves is absolutely dependent on historic precedence. The very fact that we're having a spirited argument on the relevancy of an individual's work behavior is proof positive of historical precedence. Were we to be having this discussion even a century earlier, it would be about the benefits of socialism. Go back even two decades, and the very idea of working for a wage in America would be greeted with disdain. Understanding the social, political, and economic history of the United States is absolutely necessary for me to know where I fit in this society's complicated structure, and for that historical precedence is absolutely necessary. 




 As an American historian, the very idea of finding the two words "professional integrity" side-by-side to support the US business system makes me chuckle, but the "breach of trust" concept brought a big laugh. In today's business environment, these terms only extend as far as the bottom line, and are mere lip-service in the left in the wake of profit. Our history is littered with examples of small and large businesses behaving badly, such as big tobacco and its "breach of trust" by a lowlife with no "professional integrity" that offered proof that "potentially harmed his employer," but ultimately broke the industries stranglehold on the country's cigarette use. The small business employer is no less culpable in displaying that "professional integrity" when placing the public or its employees at risk. My argument is that we need to worry less about "professional integrity" and demonstrate more personal integrity, which I believe the food server displayed in this case. 




 Sadly, you won't be the only misguided individual to agree with corporate America. However, when an individual claims a special relationship with the world at large - in this case a pastor - and they betray that trust by behaving badly or abusing that special relationship ("I give 10% to god" bullshit), then they also deserve every instance of disdain being heaped upon them. It took personal courage for this food server to defend a wronged fellow server, and it cost her the job. Does the average American worker possess this level of courage? IMHO the answer is no. The average US citizen has noted the treatment of whistle-blowers in society (wikileaks, enhanced interrogation) and decided to sit out any future fights, so when someone with the courage to step up appears, I'm firmly behind them. If your ultimate argument is that the food server broke the rules, and deserved the consequences, I'm arguing that the rules are there so that the average person doesn't have to think. If, as a person, I'm happy to have someone else do the thinking for me, then I've earned the society I live within. The food server picked her battle, but who really lost? I guarantee that the fallout among the restaurant's corporate leaders and the pastor's followers far exceeds losing a crappy food server job. 




 I've spent a good majority of my life waiting tables while earning two undergrads and a graduate degree, but never worked for Applebees. In fact, that crappy restaurant chain is the walmart of the restaurant world, and only a small step up from Denny's. Stories abound in the server's universe about the reputation of a restaurant chain. Olive Garden is a chain whose food is so inferior that servers warn other servers not to eat there. There are restaurants with reputations for not hiring minorities. I worked as a server/bartender at a M S seafood restaurant for almost seven years; during that period, the restaurant only employed one black server, and then only for less than a month. In the kitchen, we had a single black cook who lasted for less than a year. Perhaps our M S location was the extreme and not the standard, but it followed closely with the restaurant's corporate reputation for not hiring minorities. Within the "waiting world," the religious fucks were always the hardest to serve because they generally demanded more perfection and were the least forgiving. Any food server dreads working on a Sunday, because the 'GOD SQUAD' or 'JESUS FREAKS' invade restaurants at the same hours. The average server leaves a sunday shift exhausted, frustrated, angry, and underpaid. The religious nuts are only one small portion of the dining population that demanded more for less. The infrequent diner is another of these creatures who appear on Christmas or Thanksgiving days. These diners believe every aspect of the meal should be mistake free, and servers heartily agree that the meal should arrive on time and and in perfect condition, but we live in a world where mistakes occur, particularly when more than one individual is involved in the process. The frequent diner understands this aspect of the restaurant experience, but the infrequent diner often expects perfection or the meal is free. There are other diners, the real scumbags, who use complaints as a means for the free meal, but in the end the server is just the middleman left to apologize for the kitchen, bar, and hostess staff who see the customer for only brief moments. If your defense of the customer is "they're always right," let me be the first to say "fuck you," and downvote away. The customer is correct less than half the time, but even if they are correct, it doesn't give them the right to attack the server's dignity. One of the reasons eating out on a date remains popular is because the experience offers a couple the opportunity to observe how a potential mate treats someone else. It's like the bumper sticker, you learn right away what a person thinks about society at large. If you're a dick to a food server while part of a group, you can bet the other people you're dining with take note. In this case, a fellow food server drew a line in the sand, and lost her job, but she left Applebees with her dignity intact, and having learned a lesson that's commonly known in the industry - some restaurants only want smiling robots that are willing to endure a tongue lashing and nasty notes.

By the way, if this short note offended you, then good; you were my target audience. 




 When leading Wall Street executives line up to praise their regulator, be afraid, be very afraid. 




 Welcome back to the arena of irrelevance, Sarah. You will be missed by comedians everywhere. 




 Because ruining the finances of the little person wasn't enough, GS has decided to wreck the small businesses of the US. 




 What's wrong with you, Florida? You're getting out-crazied by Virginia. 




 I realized White was the wrong official for the position when Wall Street insiders praised her appointment. 




 The reason my dad could raise seven kids was because he worked two jobs, however, one of those jobs was in the steel industry and it paid a living wage for a family of three. The second job was at night with Kmart and paid minimum wage. Our family remained poor, and qualified for government food assistance, but dad just wouldn't accept it. He also refused to allow any of us kids to sign up for school lunches. Today, it's impossible to raise a family on minimum wage, and the jobs available don't pay nearly enough to cover a family's cost of living. As a result, more families are turning to credit cards to supplement the paycheck. Even with both spouses working, the contemporary American family can't keep up with the month-to-month bills, and the constant debt and long work hours, coupled with an uncertain job market, have suppressed the will to protest against unfair wages. With the average worker's wage in stagnation, and the manufacturers' war against labor unions, employers are rolling back many of the advances made by labor during the 20th century. The average working-class employee is now a wage slave who is so deeply in credit card and school loan debt that the very idea of owning a home and having children remains too far in the distant future to warrant making plans. While wages in the financial and political sectors continue to adjust with the cost of living, the salaries in retail and the service industry have remained stagnant since 1972. In short, stagnate wages are the reason for the decline in the middle class and the chasm between the rich and poor in America. 




 It's all part of dog's plan. 




 This story provides another example of why religion is such an odious influence on people that seeks to divide and denigrate the "other." 




 the bible 




 Why are "cost of living" wage increases allowed for federal employees yet denied to the average laborer? 




 If the Bush staff figured out a way to make torture acceptable, Obama's staff can figure out a way around the debt ceiling. 




 They were completely different entities and I'll offer you a number of books that backup my argument:

1. *Naming names* - Victor Navasky
2. *Cinema and History* - Marc Ferro
3. *Hollywood and History* - Robert Burgoyne
4. *Writing History in Film* - William Guynn
5. *The Persistence of History* - Vivian Sobchack

When you finish these books, come talk with me and we'll re-evaluate your understanding of this subject. 




 You are confusing the Hollywood investigation into communism with the McCarthy red scare; these are two separate events and the listed links are from the hollywood blacklist. 




 Boeing is going into damage control mode. Personally, I'd be terrified to fly on one of these planes. 




 See...you do get it. Decide when, where, and how to participate in the system of production. I'm telling people to participate in the system on their own terms, and to determine what really matters to them in life. Are they more interested in being the richest person in the cemetery? Fine, but I'm not sacrificing my time spent with family and friends, or expanding my horizons on the system unless it's on my terms. I don't want to look back at the end of my life, and see it wasted on filling a slot in the machine of industry. I want to remember the lazy walks through dense forests populated with hollows, as my dog pants alongside me, eager to chase the next squirrel. 




 Stop being wage slaves; make industry pay a wage that you believe you're worth, and don't work for less. If industry refuses, don't work. Learn the difference between "needs" and "wants", and live accordingly. Simplify or suffer. 




 We're just talking past each other, which I find is counter productive. We each have competing beliefs, but if I agreed with you, I would be wrong. 




 So is Saudi Arabia and you don't hear them making waves in the U.S. to further their regional agenda. 




 When did Israel begin dictating foreign policy in the U.S.? Why is this acceptable? 




 007 or Bourne? 




 I wonder if they'll put the patriot missiles in the same place as the old jupiter missiles. 




 The book, *Ordinary Men: Reserve Police Battalions 101*, gives a firsthand account of the moral questioning the ordinary german faced when participating in the final solution of hitler's plan. Many of the men used alcohol during the process to dampen their memories, and peer pressure among them also played an important role. The book offers accounts of soldiers refusing to participate, which is more along the lines of what you seek. It's also an incredibly depressing read, that gave me headaches from reading the accounts. 




 Payroll taxes went up 2%, and will hit the working class hardest, but the Republicans never let out a whisper about it. Meanwhile, they continue to protect the wealthiest upper classes. In a sense, it's a petty way of economically punishing the largest portion of Obama's supporters. Sadder still, the Democrats agreed to throw the working class under the bus. 




 Great selection, as the film M is credited with beginning the Film Noir hollywood movement. 




 Run, Lola, Run 




 Lately, stories about veterans committing suicide filter into reddit. I wonder if this article about the VA's approach to treating wounded veterans is really an attempt at damage control? 




 My photojournalism professor, Ken Bisio, did a photo essay for Time on Russia's orphanages. State run orphanages didn't have names, and only given a number, instead. Many of the children were used for labor by local factories, and many were adopted by organized crime. These were Soviet-era conditions, and my hope is that contemporary conditions have improved. 




 I'm going to approach my answer from a media historian's viewpoint that you may find unpopular, but the reason the violence in that film appears so tame is that as a society, we've become more accustomed to scenes of brutal violence. Contemporary film censors allow a vast amount of violence into film in relation to that of the 1970s. A film with only a moderate amount of violence, say a LOTR film, would have received an X rating for violence from a 1970s-era censor, who would consider the battle scenes as too graphic. 




 I knew he would confess when asked his "opinion" on whether the dead stewardess drank to excess, or left behind the two empty vodka bottles. He truly cared about her, and wasn't willing to accept that level of shame placed on her memory. The scene showing Denzel's last vision of the stewardess is shot from the first-person point-of-view, so the audience follows along, peering between his shoes. As he is dragged from the plane, his lover's body is splayed, with her head crushed under some bit of plane debris. During Denzel's initial official interview, he admitted to only remembering events up to the crash, so only his subconscious, and the audience, remembered being dragged from the crash. 




 That family rendered their shelter useless because now everyone knows where it is located. It's the first place outsiders will look for during a disaster. 




 T. Roosevelt viewed institutions that were too big to fail as *trusts*, and as such, he considered them threats to national security. In the early 20th century, if a trust failed, it received little to no assistance from the government. To limit the damage to government and unemployment, trusts were broken up. The same applies today; a too big to fail financial institution is a threat to national security. The US government may not have the clout to break up an institution such as HSBC, but it can place limits on the amount of business it does with the corporation. If a company is broken up, the assets remain the same, and there could be job loss, but there could also be less corruption if corporations were made to understand that it would face harsh punishment. 




 Not doing anything will also cause a lot of common folk to lose a lot of money, and give the impression that these actions are acceptable to the government. 




 Break these banks up as a form of punishment; make them give up assets as a monetary penalty. 




 Break it up as a consequence of malfeasance; make it a condition the big banks will face if they're corrupt. Believe me, there are plenty of players in the financial industry who would salivate at the idea of owning HSBC assets. 




 tucker and dale, hands down, is my pick. It's hard to make real horror a laughing matter, but this movie does it and still brings the gore. 




 as a history graduate student, i worked as a ta for two different history professors. the first prof. received her undergrad at harvard and her grad at yale. i learned from her to always attend a meeting with an agenda, even if it isn't a meeting you called. she said this would allow you to direct the meeting. the second prof. received his undergrad/grad degrees at columbia. he taught me to be a more skillful writer, and how to become an accomplished researcher. he taught me to honestly confront my argument's weaknesses, and discuss them before someone else does it for me. 




 It's been at least 10+ years since I've taken any roman history courses, but I believe the maccabees were involved in the jewish rebellion against rome. 




 And I'd be willing to bet that historic reference is masada, when jews kept roman armies at bay, until a ramp was built and herod's mountain fortress was retaken. 




 Says the man name "maccabe". 




 Ah, the old fallback, "antisemitism," to explain away something that is obvious to the world at large. I mentioned abraham because he's the linchpin that connects three of the most heinous religions. I'm saying that Israel's entire argument for existence rests on religion. If it weren't a religious matter, the other middle-eastern countries would not care what happened to Palestine, and consider it just another vanquished country, much as happened when rome wiped israel off the map in 70? ad. There was no islam to celebrate the event, but the christians were probably there to cheer it on. islam doesn't make its grand appearance until the 500s ad, and by then israel was just another failed nation state under the romans.   




 Remove the religious aspect from the formula and it all falls to pieces. Imagine not having the ideologies of islam, judaism, and christianity to use as a framework for admission to the region. Without religion there is no israel or judea, king david or solomon, no philistines or sadducees, clean or unclean, favored people and the rest of us. In fact, eliminate abraham and world development would have progressed at an accelerated pace. Instead, we're left with an endless supply of really bad "a priest, a rabbi, and an imam walk into a bar" jokes. If you still think I'm not pointing a finger at all the religions, well, you haven't been paying attention. 




 A mere drop in the bucket for HSBC. If you really want to cleanup wall street, dissolve or sell off offending companies. The feds should use the same mentality as a federal judge sentencing a crack addict, and cripple them for life. 




 As someone who doesn't believe in the whole god thing, all of the indoctrinated scare me because they can hang all the killing on the "will of the almighty," and justify their existence because they're mentioned in a book. Honestly, one day Israel's use to the US will go to the wayside, and it will join the ranks of the Philippines, Georgia, Honduras, Cuba, Hungary, and a bevy of others, on the sideline and ignored. I honestly hope that when that time arrives, Israel has learned to live peacefully with its neighboring countries. If not, it can always fall back on "his will be done." 




 The Israeli government treats Palestinian people as non-entities, with the hope that they will eventually "self-deport" to another area of the world. It is a condition with which Jews are well acclimated, the diaspora being just one example. But my support for the Palestinian people should not in any way be considered agreement with either country's use of violence. I recognize the actions of a bully when I see it, the constant overreaction to slights that escalates to violence. I also empathize with a people who were pushed aside, to make room for a nation that had not existed for close to 2000 years. It's as if a bunch of people calling themselves Roman decided today that all the people in Italy that didn't identify with being Roman were no longer recognized, and the country was defunct. But human beings believe we can lay claim to a place, when the reality is that when the earth's been injured enough by humanity, it will respond by eliminating the irritant. They believe there is some entity named yaweh, god, allah, buddah...waiting to accept them into a paradise, and will destroy anyone who doesn't believe as they do. If ever there were a one-word definition of mass murder it would be "religion." If humans stopped masking their pain by turning to religion, and instead placed ideology aside and asked how they could help one another, we would still fight but it would be with more honesty. Instead of standing beside Israel because "it's the only democracy in the middle east," the US could simply admit that the country's only use was as a conduit into a much-needed energy supply. By the way, name calling is the last bastion of a weak argument. 




 Why should the US place its soldiers and people on the line for a country that is so militaristic? Israel's handling of the Palestinian people is much the same as the US's handling of African Americans. 




 You're right...the hollywood insiders recognize b.s. when it sees it. 




 Explain to me your rational for removing this comment. 




 Changing climate conditions have led to droughts and a rise in food prices. The economic conditions have exasperated the decline, leading individuals to question leadership and the economic models that favor the elite. This is particularly true across the middle east where graft is an accepted practice in business. As U.S. power continues its decline both overseas and at home, the amount of aid to countries will substantially decrease, except to those countries that hold resources the federal government considers vital to national security. In the U.S., the economic downturn has halted and reversed any momentum to grow the middle class. Most Americans are now living paycheck to paycheck, working longer hours, and mired in school-loan debt. The new jobs being added to the economy are in the low-paying service industry. The discontent over wall street will continue to grow as more americans feel the tightening grip of the declining economy. Increasing violence, I believe, is just around the corner in the u.s. 




 I believe you have a valid argument, and if you need some ideas for primary sources, here are a few:

Time magazine archives - articles will give context to the political and social contemporary climate.
Harpers magazine - it also has extensive archives - see above
The Fog of War - documentary about McNamara and the war's operation
NSC-62 - the plan for implementing containment as advised by George Kennan's "Long Telegram"
JSTOR - If you're in college, the library provides access to this site, which is a huge repository for secondary and primary sources. 




 Property records are generally found at the county seat level. The records should contain the name of the contractor, and in many cases, the actual blue-prints. 




 Eric Foner discussed the viability of these interviews, and cautioned that the veracity of the interview depended on the individual doing the interviewing. If the FWP interviewer was black, the participant was more apt to be honest. If the interviewer was white, the information skewed to conform with the interviewer's beliefs of slave culture. 




 Good answer - I liked Christian's *Maps of Time* because it revealed patterns of human behavior that the micro-history approach simply missed. He also draws from science writing to place human history in context. 




 I took an undergraduate native american history class from Prof. James Drake, and he discussed the inherent racism still practiced in the united states against indigenous americans, particularly by sports teams. Atlanta Braves, Washington Redskins, Kansas City Chiefs, Florida State Seminoles, and a plethora of other teams abuse the indigenous american culture, while ignoring the pleas to correct their abuses. One washington d.c. newspaper decided to stop using the home team's name because of its unfair racial implications. 
























 There is a reason that scholars call it the "creation myth" because that is just what it is. It all depends on who is defining what is or isn' t a myth. For instance, a man who possessed the power to raise the dead was crucified by Romans and came back to life, is considered kosher, but an indigenous peoples' belief that a turtle balanced the earth on its back is considered suspect. Both are myths. 




 support congress 




 I believe religion in any form is evil. They all claim to have the only true answers, their religious writings portray an evil and cruel god, they thrive on excluding others as a form of righteousness, and they interfere with my personal rights by forcing a religious viewpoint on the laws that govern my country.  




 Tell that to the evangelicals. 




 Lucy, Daughter of the Devil, totally riffs on religion, as does Moral Orel. The christmas special for Moral Orel is really black comedy at its best. 




 I can't believe no one has mentioned RobotChicken. The show did three Star Wars themed episodes that will make you laugh until you pee. 




 They introduced some dark stuff when brock tripped out and had visions of the OSI chief with his huge breasts. As if they couldn't have enough men with breasts, Sgt. Hatred grew a pair, too. Hilarious. 




 "Stop whining, Woodhouse, you'll get your spoon back." 




 What is the length of a day to their god? Does it conveniently conform to the twenty-four hour rotation of the earth? What does this concept do to your understanding of the creation myth? 




 gummy worms or bears 




 "Do you happen to have any toilet paper on you?" 




 He threw Bush under the bus and then stepped in front of it. I hope prosecutors can use his words to indite both he and bush.  




 And what Mitchell would have Americans believe is that they're stupid enough to not recognize his and other intelligence officials attempt to rewrite history, while trying to lessen the torture program's importance by comparing it to the current drone program, which is just as despicable. 




 I've argued that term limits are the way to go with the SC, but Roosevelt's plan was too broad for its time. I believe that term limits would allow a greater variety of law opinions to influence the court, as the turnover would create more opportunities for sitting judges. It would force the court to experience the same generational change that is occurring now at the local and federal level. As younger generations enter into the political process the nation has experienced a sea change in the way drug crimes are being prosecuted, and mj has become legal in many states. Another area we've seen progress is in lgbt laws that allow marriage or civil unions. 




 ty 




 The six month determinant is the number one indicator of whether an american is in the middle class. There are a number of other indicators, such as net wealth, but being able to live comfortably for six months on savings is the main factor in determining class. 




 Peter H. Irons. A Peoples History of the Supreme Court. New York: Viking, 1999.  
  
Irons offers a complete history of the Constitution's formation and path to adoption. I stand behind what I've written and would add that the word 'wealth' was used in the Constitution as meaning for AA slaves. This is well documented in primary documents from the period but I'll offer you a list of books that back up this assertion.  
  
Arnesen, Eric. The Black Worker: Race, Labor, and Civil Rights since Emancipation. Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 2007.  
  
Moreno, Paul. Black Americans and Organized Labor: A New History. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 2006.  
  
Cliff Sloan, and David McKean. The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court. New York: PublicAffairs, 2009.  
  
 




 There is nothing like seeing Vegas on acid. A group of us went to a rave in Vegas, but the event got shut down not long after it started because under 21's were found sneaking in. The seven of us had already taken a couple of mdma pills and a gelcap of acid on entering the event and we now found ourselves pushed out onto the Strip. It was a blast. We went into the Bellagio, and someone had the bright idea that we should all buy drinks so that it looked like we were drunk. One of the girls bought this bright red frozen concoction that she just carried and never drank. The casino's rugs resulted in so many funny visions that one of our group refused to walk out onto it because she might sink. We noticed hotel security had begun following us so we left for the Mirage. Once out the Bellagio's door, my friend who bought the red drink realized it had melted and proceeded to dump its contents onto this beautiful marble entrance. If she'd been sober this would never have happened, but all of us immediately knew this could mean trouble. We hustled out of the area and on to the Mirage. We made it about 10 minutes in the casino before finding security was again following us, so again we left. When we arrived at Excalibur, security was already waiting but because we hadn't done anything really wrong they just followed us around. I think they figured out we weren't really drunk and were just having a fun time watching us trip. I still remember sitting down at a chinese restaurant to eat, and one of the guys asking if I was still tripping? I lifted the menu to turn it over and saw myself looking down this great deep well where the menu had sat. When I told my friends, we all agreed I was still tripping. I've been to Vegas on many occasions but that was the best time I've ever had. 




 One of the things I learned from military instructors for personal defense is that there is no such thing as dirty fighting in hand-to-hand combat. We were taught that in any physical altercation the ultimate goal was to end the threat within context of events. If fear of imminent death existed, nothing was off limits. For less serious threats, attacks to the softest areas of the body were encouraged. The throat, groin, ribs, elbow and knee joints, eyes, and ears were the surest means to end any personal threat. If someone wanted to complain, it was to be while they're looking up at you, and no longer a threat. 




 My mother became a prescription pill addict and alcoholic around 1972 after suffering a burn injury when her nightgown caught fire after she fell asleep with a cigarette. She experienced multiple skin grafts to her right upper arm, breast and neck area, taken from skin harvested from the back of her legs. I was an 8 y.o. kid with three older brothers who worked and a dad who labored at two jobs to afford the operations and the drugs. We lived in extreme poverty so my mom's injury and the resulting addictions only made matters worse. My dad refused to accept public assistance because of the stigma attached to its users so we were often hungry before and during school.  
  
Many families become closer when faced with adversity but ours seemed to go in a different direction. Because there were seven of us, the competition for attention, toys, and resources could be brutal. I found myself taking complete care of my youngest sister who was born just prior to my mother's accident, and partial care for my two younger siblings, a brother and sister. Meanwhile, my mother seemed to have lost all interest in our existence after her recovery from injury. I didn't realize until three years after I left home for the military that my mother was an addict. We were so isolated by our rural existence and my dad's religiosity that our mother's odd behavior of staying up for days on end, and sleeping until the late afternoon seemed the norm. We were forbidden to use milk because she used it for her coffee, and we were expected to use powdered milk for cereal. I cooked for my siblings, but meals were simple things like PB J and mac/cheese, or grilled cheese sandwiches. I don't remember any of us eating before school because we were always late catching the bus.  
  
By the time I left home, I felt disgust for mother's behavior and anger at my dad because he was a stranger. I believed dad took two jobs just because he didn't want to be home. My relationship with my mother was so poor, I didn't speak to her for the entirety of her remaining life, even after she got sober. And she did spend the last ten years of her life sober, but by that time the concept of having a mother was foreign to me. I didn't know how to feel sad about her death because she meant nothing to me. Today, I have no relations with my family because we don't know how to act towards one another. We are emotional strangers, only able to express the most primitive of feelings such as anger or disgust.  
  
I guess a summation of my mother's sickness on my life would include a deep distrust of women, and a serious emotional impairment that keeps others at arm's length and promotes a lone wolf existence. 




 Then you have resided in more than one class, and it sounds like you've fluctuated between them. You are a good example of someone who might vote against their own interests. 




 Please tell me where you're getting that estimation of "tens of thousands of irish slaves"? I've studied and taught American history for the last fifteen years and have never seen that figure thrown around. As for whites being held as slaves, they were called indentured servants and served for a set, contracted amount of time. More time could only be added if they misbehaved. AA were not given that same courtesy.  




 The affordability of lawyers has been an issue in the US since its inception and I don't have any solution for this problem. In the case of Dred Scott, he was forced to run an ad in the New York Times begging for a lawyer to argue his case before the Supreme Court. As for for solutions to the SC's activism, it's up to Americans to demand a more just system. Justices are given lifetime appointments, proponents argue, to keep them above the political fray; this is completely untrue and justices need to be held accountable when they ignore the law in favor of political expedience. To date, only three schools of law are represented at this highest level - Yale, Harvard, and Columbia. This is a trend that began in the 1950s and it limits the social understanding of sitting justices who reside in that rarefied air occupied by the elites. I personally believe that the justices should have term limits of between 10 and 12 years, at which time new justices are vetted. This allows for a type of generational change that allows the SC to remain current with the times. As for the burbs and white americans, these trends are now driven more by the economy than race. I would argue that "poor is the new black." 




 Americans understanding of social class are horribly skewed, which leads to the majority of people voting against their own interests. For instance, depending on how you answer the following question, it's easy to pinpoint an individuals social class: If you lost your job today, how long could you maintain your living standards before having to find another job? 




 To understand racism in the United States we must begin with the Constitution's role, which placed a black person's worth at 3/5's of a white person. Most Americans believe the document was written to protect them, and this is true if they can afford a lawyer to represent them. But the average American can't afford to hire lawyers so they remain unrepresented under the Constitution. We also live at the mercy of how the Supreme Court justices interpret the law and this is extremely worrying. When presented with multiple opportunities to correct the country's flagrant racism - think Dred Scott or *Plessy v. Ferguson* - the SC justices throughout history failed miserably.  
  
Our national government also failed to curb racism, but the real heinous reason that racism remained so integral to white americans is African Americans (AA) treatment by local governments. Red lining and covenants kept out not only AA but also jews, irish, italian, sicilian, and some eastern europeans. When these practices were finally deemed unconstitutional and minorities moved into mainly white spaces, white americans fled to the suburbs. This is the reason for the busing controversies of the 1970's when the government forced the integration of the school system. That trend has now reversed with AAs moving to the outskirts of cities and into the burbs with white americans repopulating cities. 




 I don't believe in god, but if we don't act soon on climate change the resulting damage will place Earth on the same irreversible slide that created Venus. When people say that we must save the Earth, I laugh, because the Earth will go on spinning, humans just won't be there to experience it.  




 Wait...you think it's okay for kids to drink dirty water and breath dirty air? You don't believe climate change and sinking cities are real? You must be tired considering the level of willful ignorance you observe. 




 I like to read articles like this because they remind me how batshit crazy the right is and what new fears it's conjured up. Republicans are rapidly becoming the party of cowards because everything scares them: women, immigrants, ebola, minimum wage, taxes, marijuana, unions, minorities, voter fraud, gun laws, campaign finance reform, industry regulation, equal pay for women, ...I'm tired of typing. 




 Sure it did...during the final testimony, the police reveal that two men matching the defendants' description were arrested after robbing several other small gas stations. Without economic inequality, there's no reason to steal. 




 Sure there was...the store owner was robbed and murdered by two guys. If there were no income inequality, the original robbers would have no reason to stickup the store. Then your story becomes about two guys driving through a rural part of the U.S. and they enjoy the scenery.  




 My favorite show is about a high school chemistry teacher who gets terminal cancer, but his family will be okay in the future. 




 He did all these things before his "brain disease" days. 




 Ronald Reagan was an informant for the FBI while employed as the head of a labor union. He spoke out against divorce but was divorced himself, and couldn't remember his son's name when asked.  




 Spelling. 




 religions -  because they all try to exclude people, and each claims it's the best, as are its members. 




 Let's flip your argument on its head and force politicians to undergo testing in order to determine whether they have the intelligence and ethical values necessary to represent the electorate in a just manner. The US believes in setting benchmark scores on our elementary and high school students that determine teachers' abilities and the students' learning. Isn't having an informed legislator as important as childhood education? As with term limits, contemporary politicians rebel against any changes that require them to prove competency, but imagine how many idiot politicians such a policy would weed out. If this had been in place in 2000, the US could have avoided the whole stupid Bush presidency. 




 I was banned from /r/askhistorians because I made a point of asking for citations and they didn't like my "tone." It's a pity because I'm a historian who believes in objectivity and truth, and the decision was disappointing. 




 Sounds like a Monty Python sex-ed class. If you've not seen the skit, it's a treat. 




 Not according to the soldier. 




 [I doubt you'll](http://dangerousminds.net/comments/dying_vets_fuck_you_letter_to_george_bush_dick_cheney_needs_to_be_read) be interested in this link, but it speaks about a soldier's perspective on the Iraq war. 




 It sounds as if you are a very trusting soul if you believe everything you read on google. I only really trust books from the university press system because it uses a peer review method. 




 Now here is a fight Mitch McConnell could morally back by fighting for the workers' safety in a "coal industry" he so loves. But he won't. McConnell is an example of a politician who has an agenda that protects two countries - the US and China. He married into a wealthy Chinese shipping family and regulations that restrict coal usage are a threat to his home state of Kentucky, and his extended family in China. His dual interests in connection to the coal industry should be a cause of alarm for every American. 




 You can continue to blame Americans, but they're simply swallowing the news that the media is feeding them. If that news is of the truthiness variety, then it's a poisoned pill for Americans. 




 It's easy to blame Americans for not knowing the issues, but it's because they are overworked and lack the time necessary to understand the issues. However, the blame really falls on the news service industry because it tailors the news cycle for a specific viewer in order to increase advertising sales on its specific channel.  
  
Politicians take advantage of the average American's lack of understanding by pushing the "fear" button. As an independent in a two-party system, I've noticed that republicans are especially adept at massaging American's fears. It's as if they took FDR's statement "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself" and used it as a campaign strategy. It's literally the party of wealthy cowards because so many things seem to scare republicans such as: immigrants, muslims, viruses, election fraud, gun laws, LGBT, unions, renewable energy, science, and campaign finance laws. By pushing the fear button, politicians have discovered an easy way of tricking Americans into voting against their own best interests. It's a sad state of affairs for a once proud nation that's claimed to be a democracy, but in reality its political system has only been another form of control by a white majority that now finds itself on the way to being a minority. 




 I bow to your censorship. 




 lol^  
  
What he was known for, and what he really had, are two different things and easily confused by anyone desperate to defend w., the iraq war, and its relationship to the disaster simmering now in the middle east. 




 "And there are weapons of mass destruction in Iraq." 




 Peeing - women standing up, men sitting down. 




 B.S. 




 I could've continued by saying that Republican legislators demand their pay be fair and keep up with the cost of living, but don't believe the average American deserves a fair minimum wage. They belong to a party that has staked its success on suppressing voter turnout, and by consistently and loudly telling the same lie about how to fix the economy. 




 An itchy perineum (taint). 




 I quit shaving four years ago and instead keep a neat beard by using a beard trimmer I've owned for ten years. A razor is two thin, sharpened pieces of metal encased in plastic, and probable cost pennies to manufacture. Screw Gillette and their like, for marking up the price of a razor by a thousand percent. 




 I love the history of words; how they came about and are attached to the past. One of my favorite words is "sinister", because it comes from the Latin word for left hand side - sinistre. In the ancient world, left handed people were viewed with suspicion, and it was considered one of the signs that the individual might be a witch/devil-worshiper. Mothers would tie their child's hand to their side in an effort to halt any proclivity for using the left hand. 




 I am an extreme loner. I've not had any serious friends in seven years because of the economic downturn's affect on my income. While I can go for entire weeks without saying more than a handful of words to another person, I'm okay with it. I grew up in a very rural part of the South, with only my immediate family for company; after I migrated to the West and lost contact with them, I've lived a quiet loner's lifestyle.  
  
I know that my introversion interferes with everyday life, but I'm so accustomed to it that change seems almost impossible. 




 1. The "door ceremony": when two men approach a closed door, they will jostle for position over who opens the door, because the person holding open the door is in a "power" position over the other person.  
  
2. The second action is taught as a method to identify whether someone is watching you. Look at your watch, and then glance around to see who else is checking their watch. It is instinctual for an observer to mark the time they observed you marking, thus unknowingly giving themselves away. 




 Economic equality. 




 Candy flip once a month!!! 




 USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA.USA. 




 I'll start by providing a number of websites that provide information that are important for informed voters.  
  
First, [This](https://www.congress.gov/members?q={%22congress%22%3A113%2C%22chamber%22%3A%22Senate%22} pageSize=2500) site provides a searchable list of Senators that give their biographic information and voting record.  
  
Next, [This](https://www.congress.gov/committees) site has links to the subcommittees and their members; this is where the voter can find which committees the legislator sits on and offers a good indication of legislative power.  
  
Continuing, [This](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) site will help the voters find their House representative, and provides biographical information along with voting record.  
  
Additionally, [This](http://www.opensecrets.org/) site offers information about the money behind each candidate's election/re-election.  
  
Finally, [This](http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=ALEC_Politicians) site provides information for the voter concerned about those candidates with links to the ALEC program. 




 Religions are the most pernicious form of controlling humanity ever invented. They discourage the individual from investigating and reporting on truth by using fear of exclusion in this life, and the "next." They set individuals apart from society by claiming them "chosen" and the true stewards of morality, and identifying unbelievers as deserving of punishment for failing to have "faith." It allows one form in the middle east to impose a vile form of control over a small arab population, targeting women and children in an effort to destroy the inhabitants future. It provides justification for destroying the earth through climate denial, and control over women's health issues. In every form, religion is a fairytale that allow those with a guilty conscious to find absolution for past and future wrongs, and a tool for oppressing the individual. 




 (http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/2jn4p3/but_republicans_already_look_like_a_completely/)[this] post is original content that discusses politics. 




 They always want more money for equipment but [give away](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/10/10/u-s-scrapped-486-million-aircraft-fleet-that-taxpayers-bought-for-afghanistan/) valuable weaponry for scrap. 




 The rich aren't stupid, but they can't think creatively. The most recent writing on this comes from William Deresiewicz, *Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite*. The wealthy are so sheltered from the population that it experiences a level of naivety in relation to poverty. The last time the US experienced such a level of inequality between the haves and have-nots was in the 1920s. Unlike today, the wealthy lived shoulder-to-shoulder with the poor because the car was still in its infancy, restricting the distance for travel to work. Additionally, when the Great Depression struck the US, the government didn't protect the rich. This had an equalizing effect on public opinion of the poor, as the former-wealthy found themselves at the bottom. Much of the support for New Deal programs came from this re-evaluation of public sentiment towards the poor, and the government's responsibility to uplift those most in need.  
  
Had Wall Streets most powerful been left to Adam Smith's invisible hand, a large portion of the wealthy would've experienced a new reality, and you can bet they'd be demanding changes, just as occurred during the New Deal period. 




 I once considered myself a middle-class American, but I came from generational poverty that my mom and dad couldn't escape. To live a better life than my parents, I worked 2 jobs to make my bills if I lived alone, or one job and attended school while having a roommate. When first starting out, I blamed my parents' for the poverty we lived in, even though my dad was working two jobs to support our large family. He became a stranger in my life, unable to attend baseball games, help with homework, or offer any of the life lessons to ensure my success as an adult. I now realize the heroic sacrifice my dad made to keep me fed, clothed, and sheltered, by forgoing his own comfort and sticking around. He voted Republican.  
  
Unlike the author, I do behave like a corporation in my day-to-day dealings with the corporate world. I think of this as 'exploiting hidden investment opportunities.' When I find a loophole in, for example, a corporate coffee shop or drugstore, I exploit it viciously. The same applies to energy companies, television/radio entertainment, and travel. And like a corporation, I feel absolutely no remorse for my actions. I feel no pity for the corporate world or the monied class because I know they care nothing at all for me. I encourage anyone and everyone to behave like a corporation, and look for ways to exploit them. 




 I have written about the Constitution and the Supreme Court's role in [validating unconstitutional ideologies](http://streetwithnoname.wordpress.com/2014/05/16/the-lie-that-provides-supreme-court-justices-with-lifetime-appointments/) that perpetuate economic inequality. The majority of the Constitution's framers were lawyers, a profession most colonists distrusted, which made ratification an extremely difficult task. Peter Irons addressed the class divide and its ramifications for the average Americans in *A People's History of the Supreme Court*. Irons stated that the Constitution supports a legal system that requires the individual to employ lawyers, a financial burden that deterred the most economically disadvantaged from filing a suit. Even the defendants in the most famous cases often needed pro bono assistance, as in the case of Dred Scott, who placed an appeal in the NY Times for representation. 




 I lived in a small Turkish city in the mid 1980s and the country was under military rule. I learned that Mustafa Kemal Ataturk fought hard to create a secular system of government because he understood the instability inherent in a religious system of government. It seems his vision is collapsing back into another version of the Ottoman empire that Ataturk despised. Turkey isn't joining the fight against Daesh because it would help the Kurdish people, and strengthen their fight for an independent region. This move may backfire, as Daesh could possibly overrun Turkey. 




 I've not heard about this and would appreciate if you'd give me a list of states this happened in. 




 I've [noted](http://www.truth-out.org/speakout/item/25369-generational-change) some of the author's complaints about the Supreme Court in the past, and support the idea of placing term limits on our justices. 




 Do you really believe Perry can pull those kind of numbers? 




 I salute your effort, but feel it's important to point out that Marx's theory wasn't critical toward the American economic system because it was still in the late stages of a market economy and hadn't made the transition to capitalism. However, from its beginnings the American form of government was designed to protect white male property owners. This created the perfect climate for the growth of capitalism.  
  
I would also point out that former Socialist Presidential candidate Eugene Debs campaigned from prison in the 1920 election and received almost one million votes. Imagine that happening today. 




 Your post took a lot of time and effort, and I applaud the results. 




 I'm sorry there's not enough participation. I wanted to update and continue my discussion but I am also on deadline with a story. Here is the list of resources that I used:  
  
Cliff Sloan and David McKean, *The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court* (New York: PublicAffairs, 2009).  
  
Doris Kearns Goodwin, *The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism*, First Simon   Schuster hardcover edition (New York: Simon   Schuster, 2013).  
  
James MacGregor Burns, *Packing the Court: the Rise of Judicial Power and the Coming Crisis of the Supreme Court* (New York: The Penguin Press, 2009).  
  
Peter H. Irons, *A Peoples History of the Supreme Court* (New York: Viking, 1999).  
 




 Ill begin with the construction of the Supreme Court, which consist of 8 Justices and one Chief Justice. There are currently 9 federal circuit courts with a SCJ assigned to each circuit, a tradition begun by George Washington when he chose the Courts first justices, which he did by region as a means to appease the infant nations eclectic population. A SCJ serves for life, unless they retire, resign, or suffer impeachment; the reasoning for the lifetime provision is to place the SCJ above the political fray. This rationale has never been true, and I would challenge one to find more than a handful of SCJ who werent ideologically committed to the political party that brought their nomination. Beginning with Washington, who chose only loyal federalists while president, each POTUS has searched for candidates that reflect their, and the Partys, ideology. Pundits describe a justice as conservative or liberal, but these are just code words for Republican or Democratic. The Courts mandate is to test the constitutionality of legislation, a power it derived from *Marbury v. Madison* in 1803. The Constitutions original and driving intent is to protect white, male, property owners from legislation that would impede economic growth. With this mandate in mind, the Courts decision to expand free speech rights in *Citizens United* played right into its wheelhouse. Let me explain why.  
  
The contemporary Courts roots are planted in the Reagan/Bush Era, and both administrations stated strategy to place enough justices to gain the five votes necessary to overturn *Roe v. Wade*. The 1990 presidential election between Bush/Clinton was a mandate on the abortion issue because whoever won would choose a minimum of 2 justices. Clinton vowed to protect *Roe* with his nominations, and the people responded by choosing the Arkansas governor. Had Bush won, his nominations wouldve joined Antonin Scalia, Anthony Kennedy, and Clarence Thomas. Instead, Clinton placed Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Joseph Breyer, a move that dampened any move to challenge the abortion law. I mention this because the abortion issue turned on the personhood of a fetus and when it gained viable recognition.  
  
When it comes to determining personhood, the Courts record is woeful. Beginning with the *Dred Scott* case, the Court denied blacks any of the Constitutions enumerated protections. Chief Justice Roger Taney decision stated they were property, regarded as beings of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associate with the white race, either in social or political relations; and so far inferior, that they had no rights that the white man was bound to respect; and that the negro might justly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his own benefit. Historians describe this decision as the opening shot in the Civil War. The passage of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments were the price to fix slavery, but the Court created two levels of citizenship, national and state, that it applied to *Plessy v. Ferguson*, and in support of separate but equal legislation.  
  
As both the abortion and civil rights issues discussed above demonstrate, the Court is more comfortable ruling on the personhood of a corporation than that of society. The idea that the Constitution might protect the average American on gained prominence with the Warren Court, and the rights it provided are being eyed jealously by a conservative base that finds the rights of labor, women, immigrants, and the poor alien to the Constitution.
 




 Do you want that sent to you in a message, or ...? 




 An exploration of the *Citizens United* case should consider the decision in context with the Court's long history of assigning person-hood as precedent. To answer how the decision effects Americans, a discussion should include *McCutcheon v. FEC*, which passed Constitutional tests based on the *Citizens United* precedent. There are many more elements to consider, however, I'm just spit-balling ideas because I don't know how detailed this post is intent on. 




 And Wall Street investigating Wall Street. It's an opportunity for climate denialist to cast doubt over an investigative organization that provides hard data on mankind's role in harming the ecosystem. 




 I didn't down vote you, but I will answer. If it turns out the money was used illegally, I'll recant my statement. A statement by the organization's oversight committee said the money was used in line with contemporary standards of similar agencies. 




 Read between the lines on this article. The investigation is simply another attempt by two climate-change denialists to discredit a regulatory organization. 




 I will look for the thread, pull it, and see where it takes me. 




 I enjoyed the writeup by the mods, but I want to caution that understanding the U.S. political system requires first answering who was the Constitution designed to protect?  
  
Contrary to most American's understanding, unless the individual was a white male property owner, the Constitution was not written with you in mind. Additionally, when the word "property" was used in the Constitution, it was understood as a code for referring to slaves. Another fallacy was that the founders were a bunch of farmers, but nothing could be farther from the truth; most were merchants and forty-seven percent were practicing lawyers. This is one of the reasons it was so difficult to get the Constitution ratified, as most colonialists deeply distrusted lawyers.  
  
Of even greater importance is the fact that the founders did not trust the public to understand politics well enough to participate in voting, considering it a threat to a democracy. You see, they thought the average person was not smart enough and chose, instead, to saddle future Americans with an electoral system. You can thank the system, and the Supreme Court, for giving the world George W.  
  
Finally, the Constitution was written to support an economic system of growth, but it was not the capitalist system because that was yet to develop. Instead, it was written for a market system. All the laws that Americans follow were adopted as the economic system changed, but the original intent of protecting propertied owners remains the focus of our Constitution. It was only with the Warren Court that individual rights gained prominence, along with the passage of the 1965 Civil Rights Act. It was only then that America almost reached its goal of being a fully democratic nation. Until LGBT individuals gain the same legal rights promised to American citizens, the U.S. will not be "the land of the free." 




 Theodore Roosevelt: He lobbied for labor rights before it was popular, and an eight hour workday. He placed aside a huge chunk of American wilderness for future residents to enjoy. He attacked the political patronage of Wall Street, once telling J.P. Morgan that the President of the United States answers to no corporation. He was tough and smart, willing to sleep on the open plains and able to capture a horse thief alone. He won the Congressional Medal of Honor and the Nobel Peace Prize. As N.Y.C. Police Commissioner, he is credited with overseeing the city's first honest election. There hasn't been another Republican close in stature to T.R., unless it's Abraham Lincoln, which was his hero. 




 This is just another Republican Party attempt to create an issue before the elections that can be used to further divide the public's attention. Anyone paying enough attention will notice that the Republican's traffic in fears of things that might happen, but there's rarely anything behind the issued to provide the truth. A couple of good examples of their fears include the war on christmas and voter fraud. Now we can add jihadists at the border. 




 *Continuum* is a sci-fi series built around economic issues and their influence on future government. 




 And you thought you were having a bad day. 




 Thank you for the reply. 




 I took the test because I seemed to have broken all of this subreddit's rules at some point in the past. Despite feeling confident in my answers, I must not have done as well as I thought. 




 It's imperative that the U.S. government remain separated from religion, or the country will be dragged back to dark ages. When government and religion mix the results are Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Turkey, Greece, Italy, Ghana, etc. Religion remains one of the most destructive forces on this planet, and for all those who would claim that it does more good, I call bullshit. Knowing right from wrong isn't automatically imparted to those that are "saved". I don't need the threat of some distant, undetectable entity to live a moral life. Religion gives its adherents the permission to behave despicably because asking for forgiveness absolves them. 




 I wrote an [article](http://streetwithnoname.wordpress.com/2014/07/18/history-repeating-itself/) comparing the sociopolitical events at the turn of the 20th century with the same at the turn of the 21st century. Both were scarily similar. 




 So, I'm referring to the Republican's proven record of legislation when I provided the examples. I disavow any association with the list you provided, as I don't share your opinions. I have often been called a redneck, and a hippie when I was younger. However, your argument that the left has shifted is one I don't support. I believe Democrats have shifted right. 




 The OP doesn't really need any help bashing the Republican Party as it's doing a good job alienating almost everyone on its own. Women, LBGT, minorities, unemployed, uninsured, veterans, alternative-energy supporters, and homeowners are just a small sampling of the groups the GOP have actively legislated against in the last decade. If its members aren't commenting on "real rape," they're running away from the public rather than answer the tough questions facing contemporary Americans. 




 I believe most Democrats have shifted right over the years, becoming what were once called moderate Republicans. Living through the Clinton years, Democratic politics became actively pro-corporation, a quality once reserved for the Republican Party. The regulations that kept Wall Street from wrecking the economy since the 1930s were dismantled under Clinton, and Obama continues enjoying a cozy relationship with corporate leaders, despite his rhetoric. If Hillary Clinton wins the Dems nomination and becomes the first female president, don't expect any changes to the financial gambling taking place on Wall Street.  
  
That being said, if the Republicans win back both houses, it will join forces with the conservative wing of the Supreme Court, and create laws that roll back the social advances made by the Warren court. This might lead to overturning *Roe v Wade*, denial of same-sex marriage rights, defunding or overturning of the ACA, renewed support for the carbon energy sector, and more support for the surveillance state.  
  
If the Republicans win back the presidency, the party can pack the Supreme Court with a solid conservative majority after Ginsburg retires. Unlike the Warren court, which interpreted the Constitution as protecting the people, the Roberts court views it as supporting corporations. Additionally, the Republican control of all three branches of government may result in a continued weakening of the separation between church and state. The Hobby Lobby ruling is just the opening foray by conservative S.C. justices in regaining their idealized understanding of the good old days. 




 The simplest answer is that commerce follows the flag. American foreign policy supports the nation's economy, and the amount of "assistance" a country receives is in direct ratio to the amount of resources available for plunder to the U.S. business community. 




 That ten dollars would be better used helping poor Americans. But I do understand your sentiments. The Abrahamic religious writings are littered with examples of child slaughter, so its something acceptable to religious people who profess that killing is wrong. Israel now plays the part of a smaller bully that's protected by a bigger bully (US), and when the world protests its actions, plays the victim. Israel isn't trying to stop Hamas; it's destroying the Palestinians' future by killing their children, which is another well accepted and religiously sanctioned strategy. 




 I'm from the U.S. sickened and enraged that my tax dollars are being used to murder children.  
  
Edit: Wow, [the Pro-Israel brigade](https://twitter.com/JIDF/status/31644105444425729) is out in force on reddit. I'm okay with that, but supporting the atrocities occurring in the 25 mile wide Palestinian territory is morally bankrupt. The Israeli government and its military lost any credibility after targeting those children playing on the beach. In fact, Israel began fomenting trouble when the US started talks with Iran, and countries of the world began recognizing Palestine as a nation. When Palestine applied for recognition with the UN, Israeli leadership went ballistic with anger. The disappearance of three Israeli teens gave hardliners in Israel the excuse they needed to seek an invasion, and unjustly claim the role of victim. It's almost as if Israel has said to the international community, "Okay, if you want to recognize the rights of Palestine, we'll just wipe them off the map."  
  
I'm not okay with that. 




 Wrong...the greatest example of Supreme Court power is the subjugation of black Americans until 1965. In the Dredd Scott decision, Chief Justice Taney described black Americans as subhuman and lacking intelligence. In the Plessy case, the court decided separate but equal was appropriate. I would call the ability to keep an entire race of people in subjugation a mighty form of power. 




 If he went kitesurfing on 7/20, did it take them ten days to find the body, or did it take him ten days to die? The news report for this story is dated July 30. 




 I agree with you that discussions should stick to the issues, instead of pointing fingers to muddy the narrative. 




 The power of a handful of supreme court justices to choose the direction of American law over a number of decades.  
  
When I mention this in reddit political conversations, people push back claiming the court has no real power, but this is simply untrue. It decided a presidential election, whether corporations deserve a voice in the political system, who gets health coverage, and when religious prayer is appropriate.  
  
The media ignores the ideological battle that shapes the justices' view, as though the group is politically neutral. Additionally, too few Americans know the history of the judicial branch, and the changes that combined to produce an out-of-touch Supreme Court. 




 I missed the foreshadowing you mention, but now it makes sense. I viewed the way the characters died (sun or freeze) based on the morality they portrayed. The captain, psych officer, nuclear engineer, and his female friend all show a deep appreciation of other people's lives, and die by fire - which is considered a good death.  
  
The communication officer and engineer are more concerned with their own lives or the mission's success, and ignore the needs of others. The comm officer is willing to take the last space suit to survive, and the engineer is willing to murder the grieving nav officer to save oxygen. Both die by freezing, which is an irony because they're so close to the sun. 




 It's been a while since I've seen the movie, but I'll try.  
  
The Captain dies first during a space walk to repair the heat shield that protects the ship. As the ship's computer makes the necessary corrections to the shield, he is exposed and vaporizes.  
  
The communication's officer is the next to die. After the ship docks with its long-lost counterpart that was launched years earlier and considered destroyed, the exploratory crew become stranded when the ships unexpectedly break the connection. As the new commander, the communications officer demands the derelict ships only spacesuit, but the engineering officer gives it to the nuclear engineer because of his necessity to the mission's completion. This is a form of moral weakness and fear of death. To make it back to the home ship, the communications officer and the engineer must wrap up in the derelict ship's insulation to survive the cold of space in the short interval between being fired from the derelict's airlock and their ship. Realizing that someone must remain behind to operate the airlock, the psych officer volunteers, acknowledging he's the least important to the mission. The communications officer misses the airlock and floats into space where he is shown freezing over before hitting a portion of the space ship and shattering.  
  
The psych officer enters the derelict's observation room and removes the windows protective tinting, exposing himself to the sun's full force, vaporizing him. As the gentlest and most sympathetic character, this is a good death.  
  
After the ship looses its botanical garden, the primary source of oxygen, to fire, the remaining crew are left with only enough oxygen to support four of the remaining five crew members. The crew decides to kill the navigation officer, who is under constant sedation, and the engineer takes responsibility for the duty, but the nav officer has already committed suicide by slitting his wrist.  
  
The female botanist always appeared more concerned with the health of her plants than for her fellow crew members. She is stabbed in the back by the derelict ship's captain, who boarded the ship in secret, and set the garden on fire. In the end, she's seen with dead eyes looking at the only surviving plant cupped into her hands.  
  
The engineer freezes to death as he climbs into a vat of liquid nitrogen in an attempt to return the malfunctioning computer to operational status. He succeeds but died in the process. As the most morally ambiguous member of the crew, his focus was solely on the mission, despite the human costs.  
  
The final two crew members died as the ship plunged into the sun, while its nuclear payload explodes. The derelict-ship captain's death is more uncertain as he may have died from a fall or from the explosion/dive into the sun.  
  
Burn, freeze, or knife - a consistent theme. 




 *Sunshine* was a very interesting sci-fi movie because it was well cast. I also found a theme in the way the characters were killed off. The characters that are sympathetic for the viewer died by fire, while the characters showing weakness of moral apathy died by freezing. Two died at human hands, and by knife. There is a consistent theme via death throughout the movie. It's a deep movie that asks some interesting questions. 




 These quotes come from an [interview](http://magazine.byu.edu/?act=view a=1725) done with Judge Thomas B. Griffith. His statement directly contradicts the stand taken on this court issue.  
  
Carter: You served in the legislative branch (as Senate legal counsel), in the executive branch (as an appointee to the Title IX Commission), and you now serve in the judicial branch. Many recent political battles have stemmed from the disputes about the appropriate balance of power among the three branches, and much has been made about the "accountability" of the judiciary. How do you view the role of the judiciary generally, and how would you describe the judicial philosophy of Judge Tom Griffith?  
  
Griffith: I believe that life-tenured judges in the federal judiciary have a very distinct and limited role. They must avoid the temptation to make law or to substitute their own judgment about what is right in any given case for what the people have already decided through legislation or regulation or for what their courts and the Supreme Court have already decided in case law. The role of a judge is to apply the law to the dispute at hand and to avoid the temptation to substitute his or her personal views about what is right.  
 




 Man is the cruelest animal. 




 I've looked into this further and Reuters edited the lede after I posted the story. For any article from Reuters, I always use the first paragraph as the submission title for the article because Reuters almost always puts the lede in there. 




 I've gone through this with other moderators. I use addthis to post articles from my news feed, feedly, and this is the title that the site uses. Go to the article and read your tab and you will see the true title the website used. 




 This quote comes directly from the article and reflects a substantial argument. 




 I agree with your bias opinion concerning NPR, and when I read a news source I pay close attention to the writer's choice of descriptive words and overall tone. A good example is that NPR originally followed right-wing media outlets in calling the Affordable Care Act "Obamacare." By using that term, NPR perpetuated the negative image of the legislation, a mistake it has since worked to correct. I can recognize immediately the bias in an article by focusing on tone and word choice, but visiting multiple media outlets (Reuters, AP, AJE, NYT, WaPo, Slate, The Nation, Scientific American, LA Times, Salon, etc.) offers the most well rounded view.  




 *Lucky Number Slevin* or *Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang*. 




 *Sunshine* and *Mr. Nobody* are both excellent movies that deal with existential issues, with the former combining sci-fi and horror, and the latter providing humor. 




 A well thought out list, thanks. 




 The early 1900s were years when the political machines on both sides thrived using a patron system. Tammany was a big Democratic political machine in New York but its influence stretched to the White House. Mark Hanna was the big political boss for the Republican party and after Roosevelt left office and Taft took over, Hanna was able to exert considerable control over the presidency. He was aided in this by the Platt machine, and by Roosevelt spending a year abroad big game hunting in Africa. Taft didn't really want to be president, instead wanting to be a member of the Supreme Court. When the promise of advancement to the Supreme Court was dangled in front of Taft, it was like the horse and carrot being led wherever the driver pointed. 




 Again, you're correct. 




 Now I get it...sorry if I seemed a bit harsh. 




 Nice list. 




 If you're a truly conservative Republican, how can you continence governance by a foreign citizen?  




 I like Taft, as well, but his desire to please Republican bosses made him a puppet-like president. 




 Would you place them in that order? That's a very good list, by the way, although Coolidge is a bit of a surprise. What do you like about him? 




 I don't know that many will respond to this post because reddit appears very liberal, but I also don't want to leave any presidents out of the discussion. 




 Suburbanization began with the introduction of the automobile, however, the number and class of people who could afford the move didn't increase until after WWII. After the war, the Kaiser corporation, a former U.S. battleship producer, applied assembly-line techniques to producing houses. Flush with wages from working for the war effort, Americans could afford the mass produced housing, and the suburban landscape exploded in popularity. 




 I see your point about composition vs. development, but I view the question from that of an urban historian. A more complete understanding of my view can be found in *My Blue Heaven: Life and Politics in the Working-class Suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965* by Becky Nicolaides. Because working-class suburbs bordered upon mixed race housing, there was more friction among whites and non-whites that eventually erupted in the Watts riots of the 1960s, according to Nicolaides. She describes many of the points you mentioned in your post, such as residents building their homes in a piece-by-piece fashion, and the close proximity to industrial buildings in the neighborhoods. 




 You've done a fairly thorough job of making a case for the car's influence on American cities, but there are also other factors that influenced the suburb's rise. Kevin Kruse's book, *White Flight*, describes how race impacted the rise of suburbia by allowing white Americans to escape the city's grip. Red zoning and covenants, made suburban areas more attractive to whites by excluding non-whites as homeowners. The failure of this policy is well documented by Thomas Sugrue in *The Origins of the Urban Crisis*, a superbly researched book about the decline of Detroit. If you would like more reading material about L.A., Allen Scott edited a wonderful book of essays entitled, *The City: Los Angeles and Urban Theory at the End of the Twentieth Century*. It is a thick book, but well worth the read for L.A. residents. 




 I will not agree to disagree with you because we would both be wrong. As I've stated in the past, I will trust my colleagues' assurances that my statements are appropriate over that of a mod. They reminded me that a reddit mod in all likelihood has never presented a peer-reviewed paper for publication, nor forced to defend it before an audience of history professionals. In reality, it's a minor subreddit on a site that most historians are unaware exists and that I infrequently perused. As for your reply, it's as pithy as any I ever posted with the exception that I wouldn't have wasted as much time on it. 




 You find the truth upsetting, but when I was invited to join this subreddit, it was with the direct intent of providing a level of expertise regarding questions of American history. As for requiring citations, this comes from years of requiring students to prove the thesis under argument. That's what historians do, by standing on the shoulders of giants and recognizing their contributions through citations we set historical precedents that will hopefully lead to the truth. It's just this mindset used by creationists to decry evolution, and the mods buy into it when citationless statements are given as fact because it has a feeling of truthiness. You may continue to take my vocal stance against not trusting uncited sources as rude, but I consider it a prudent practice. However, you did decide that one of my posts was uncited and politically motivated, so there's some hypocrisy going on with your statement.  
  
As for the statement about being downvoted, that was in a q a about making the subreddit more professional and trusted, and I received replies from mods in agreement that directed me to use the report button to alert the mods. I stand by statements about the subjective quality of language, and its ability to "make" people feel an emotion. If something in my language hit a nerve, I would recommend exploring why it made you feel "bad" in order to overcome the offending complex. Finally, the "veiled threat" post was in response to a mod's comment that I not further pursue the matter in question, by suggesting it would get me banned. That is not really a veiled threat, as it's just a threat. I don't consider myself confrontational, but I will defend my position with citations and logic until they are proven wrong. The comment I was banned over was an observation that an event as historically important as the call for war among nations in WWII contained *x* number of comments but no citations. When I last checked, fourteen other redditors agreed with my assessment. Apparently pointing out this inconvenient truth is considered rude. It's also why I expected trouble with r/askhistorians because its mods promote the subreddit as being eminently trustworthy when in fact, Wikipedia requires citations to support a statement or a *citation needed* flag is attached. Conversely, r/askhistorians just shrugs its shoulders and places the burden of trust on the reader, who must ask for a citation.  




 Perhaps I've mistaken the purpose of this subreddit. I was under the impression that it was a place to come for trusted answers to history related questions. Now that I understand it's only around for the novelty or trivial questions that don't require sources, I won't take things so seriously. In fact, I think I'll just stop participating in this self-important subreddit so as to no longer hurt the moderators childish sensibilities. 




 I have plenty of sources on WWII and the call to war, however, I don't give out information to a question without an appropriate source to cite. When I read answers without citations attached, I consider it conjecture or hearsay, and not to be taken seriously. 




 Twenty-seven comments reported, but I can't find a single citation among the lot. It's all opinion, or "I'm a huge WWII history buff," without any substance. 




 I suggest searching the [National Museum of American History](http://americanhistory.si.edu/), the [Library of Congress](http://www.loc.gov/index.html), and the [Internet Archive Digital Library](http://archive.org/). 




 Beware Greeks bearing gifts. 




 I don't have a copy of the radio announcement, but you can see a newsreel about it [here.](https://archive.org/details/tobacco_pew27a00) 




 This submission's relationship to history is obvious to the viewer, however, r/history mods have removed it because I didn't leave a summary telling reader what to think about the submission. I believe r/history redditors are smart enough to figure out what's going on in the link. I submitted the post because it's interesting and about history, but I don't want to lead any type of discussion, give you my thoughts and feelings on the matter, or provide inspiration. In fact, this is probably the last item I'll submit to this subreddit. 




 Reading biographies from people of Philby's era, many appeared deeply offended by the economic disparity in the surrounding world and believed that either communism or socialism offered a solution. Students absorbed a more liberal message from professors at college, much as happened in the 1960s, with the Freedom Rides, Civil Rights, and Vietnam War protests. 




 Good call. Philby was a member of the "Cambridge Five" that burrowed so deeply into British and American Intelligence. Two members of this group, Donald Maclean and Guy Burgess, were credited with alerting the Chinese to American military positions during the Korean War. The Chinese learned from these Brits that the Americans were unwilling to use the nuclear option and would not invade China if its troops aided the N. Koreans. 




 No one important. 




 Anyone interested in understanding the impetus for climate-change denials should read [this](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/may/26/sponsors-of-pentagons-alarm-raising-climate-study-/) story from the Washington Times about "Retired officers poised to profit after Pentagons alarmist climate change report". The story quotes the United Nations as denying the evidence for climate change. 




 You are not a source, and lacking citations, I can only take your comments as opinions and untrustworthy. 




 Wow...good article by the WaTi on the military experts who are implementing positive change on the environment and making money while doing it. The writer turns his laser-like attention on where these guys get there money. Now it he could only do the same investigation on the crooks on wall street who wrecked our economy.  
  
edit: For those too thick to notice, this is sarcasm. 




 Can you provide me some sources that support your thesis? I stand by my sources offering proof of Soviet superiority in the intelligence sector. 




 The Soviets ability to put Sputnik into orbit, and its plans for spy satellites, pushed the U.S. to develop a technical intelligence. Stalin's spies placed bugs, and tapped phones at the highest levels of American government. The U.S. contemporarily holds the edge in electronic intelligence collection, but discounting the advantage of human intelligence (humint) is foolish. The Soviets placed more top level agents in the CIA, NSA, FBI, DOD, MI6, etc. than Americans, and the amount and quality of information they collected far exceeds anything the U.S. could manage. 




 Roosevelt suffered from a crippling affliction, and treatment required regular contact with average Americans. In addition, his wife visited and actively supported the nation's poorest. And mentioning Bush as a credit, and deserving of entrance to Harvard because of his intelligence is humorous. 




 I'm surprised no one mentioned espionage, but in the field of intelligence gathering, the USSR out-spied the US. This ability allowed the Soviets to produce an atomic weapon in 1949, a far shorter time frame than U.S. intelligence sources predicted. It also gave them a edge during negotiations during and after WWII because recruited sources provided information about where U.S. policy was firm and where it could me manipulated.  
  
In contrast, the majority of foreign agents the U.S. tried to infiltrate into the USSR were captured and killed or placed in Gulags. Stalin's network of spies within country kept a close eye on any foreigners because he distrusted any non-Soviets. WWII Soviet army veterans were also considered untrustworthy by Stalin because of contact with Western decadence and targeted for Gulags, as well.  
  
Sources:  
  
1. Chris Ward, Stalins Russia, 2nd ed, Reading History (London: New York: Arnold; Oxford University Press, 1999).  
  
2. Anne Applebaum, Gulag a History (New York: Anchor eBooks, 2010).  
  
3. Zubok, V M, and Konstantin Pleshakov. Inside the Kremlin's Cold War: From Stalin to Khrushchev (Cambridge, Mass: Harvard University Press, 1996). 




 Legally buying an election - brought to you by the Supreme Court and the RNC. If you can't win election with the popular vote, just buy it. 




 If this is the case, I commend Harvard's administration for helping students. My point, however, is that we have a narrow range of higher education institutions providing our future presidents' with socialization and education in their most formative years. When our presidents attend smaller institutions, such as Reagan and Johnson, their attitudes reflect an inclusive and empathetic attitude toward the most economic disadvantaged. 




 You don't see the inherent contradiction in providing lifetime appointments based on a blatant falsehood? The selection process for a SCJ requires the appointee be vetted through the legislative branch, which decides on whether the seeker is politically acceptable. The belief that a lifetime appointment automatically creates an impartial judge is laughable when viewed in this context. A quick glance through the court's history on civil liberties reveals that its members followed the ideological tides by supporting both slavery and separate-but-equal laws when any impartial judge, and history itself, would view them as a moral outrage. 




 No problem. From its very beginnings the SC has been driven by political ideology, and the manipulations of presidents to place like-minded individuals in this seat of power. The case that provided the SC with its power over judicial review is a good example of this. *Marbury v. Madision* hinges on the fight between Federalists and Democratic-Republicans to control the judicial character of the SC. The fight to control the court's ideological makeup continues with each President, the exception being Jimmy Carter (no appointee). Rather than placing a justice above the political fray, a lifetime appointment allows SCJ to "treat the Constitution as a thing of wax, to be molded into any shape the members so desire," as T. Jefferson warned. 




 I am currently researching the Supreme Court's history to understand why American historians teach that Justices receive lifetime appointments in order to remain above the influence of the contemporary political climate when this is clearly untrue. I've read and made notes on the following:  
  
1. Cliff Sloan and David McKean, The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court.  
  
2. James MacGregor Burns, Packing the Court the Rise of Judicial Power and the Coming Crisis of the Supreme Court.  
  
3. Sandra Day OConnor, Out of Order.  
  
4. Peter H Irons, A Peoples History of the Supreme Court.  
  
5. Frederick S. Lane, The Court and the Cross.  
  
I'm searching for additional readings that discuss the cultural and social aspects of the scholastic atmosphere S.C. Justices encountered. Any help on this is greatly appreciated.
 




 To answer this question, visit renowned oral historian [Studs Terkel's](http://conversations.studsterkel.org/index.php) website. He does a wonderful interview with [Cesar Chavez](http://conversations.studsterkel.org/results.php?keywords=cesar+chavez startdate= enddate= title= summary= nameI= gallery=) that addresses your question. 




 I have a graduate degree from a university not in the top 10, and would rate it as good, if not better than an Ivy League graduate. Gaining knowledge is a personal journey with results dependent on the individual. A degree from an Ivy school imparts a sense of sophistication and learning earned just via the school's name - a pedigree of sorts. It also means a sheltered understanding of the greater world. The two presidents who didn't attend a top 10 school were Lyndon Johnson and Ronald Reagan. Both presidents had a profound influence on the average American, with Johnson launching the war on poverty, and Reagan redefining the definition of poverty. Is it difficult to recognize the influence education had on these two men? 




 I can't speak to every elected president has shared the urge to institute change, but I can discuss the commonalities of the presidents who were elected in the 20th and 21st centuries.  
  
First, the U.S. elected 18 presidents during this period, and seventeen graduated from college. Only Harry Truman failed to attend college. Fourteen of the seventeen presidents graduated from a school in the nation's top [20 as ranked by U.S. News   World Report.](http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/national-universities/data) An education at these universities costs an average of $43,000 annually.  
  
The complaint that our leaders are out of touch is absolutely correct, as they are educated at elite universities that celebrate exclusiveness. The imbalance on the Supreme Court is even more alarming as 5 Justices are alumni of Harvard Law School, 3 Justices attended Yale Law School, and a single Justice attended Columbia Law School. All three schools are ranked in the top five universities. That's a very narrow scholastic range for such a diverse country, and it results in an elitist point of view. 




 I feel the same way sometimes, but if I can't provide the citation, I just forgo answering the question. 




 I know this will be down voted viciously, but I've had run in with the mods for the tone of a reply comment. My complaint is that the mods allow too many responses that have no citations. Users are simply regurgitating information they saw in a movie, or on a History Channel special, without investigating the veracity of the information. If the mods maintained a level of consistency regarding the citation of information, I would trust this subreddit much more. Additionally, while wikipedia is a great place to find sources on a subject, it's too susceptible to manipulation, and should have limited trust as a source. 




 I began working in the tobacco fields of middle Tennessee at eight years old in the early 1970s. I made .25 cents hourly, and by the time I left the fields for more traditional employment at 16 years old, I was making $2 per hour. My family didn't own any of the tobacco fields; instead, I worked in a neighbor's fields, or any of the other area growers needing help. I did everything from laying out the seed beds in preparation of the spring planting, to stripping and bundling the leaves for its eventual sale. I once fell off the top rung in a three story barn while hanging the tobacco leaves, freshly cut from the field, and in advance of the firing process that gives the tobacco its brown, cured appearance. Because I was small, I fit well in the small spaces at the barn's roof, but the inside temperature was well in excess of 100 degrees. I passed out and woke up in a bed of tobacco leaves in the tail-bed of a truck. I was told I fell right into the back of the truck, which probably saved my life because the leaves cushioned my fall. The guy I was working for was irritated because it slowed work down. He watched as I drank two big cups of water, and then sent me right back up to the top tier. It's extremely hard work, but the only paying job in the area, at the time. Tennessee labor laws didn't allow a child to begin work until age 16, and even if it allowed for an earlier age, the area was so rural that only tiny country stores offered employment. Additionally, most of those jobs went to the store owners' kids. 




 I would also point out that most of the supreme court justices from this era were former lawyers for the american railroad industry, who brought their unique perspective of capitalism from that business sector. 




 Looking at the bigger picture, why has the Supreme Court shifted its support of free speech in elections from protecting voters to protecting corporations and large donors? It all begins with precedents and Citizens United set the stage for McCutcheon. More recently, the Court decided to break the barrier between church and state by deciding prayer before government meetings is acceptable.  
  
Taking a closer look at the Justices themselves, five possess law degrees from Harvard, three have law degrees from Yale, and one attended law school at Columbia University. These are among the top five universities in the U.S., with the most millionaire alumni, and a rarefied atmosphere. The cost to earn a law degree from these universities averages $280k, well beyond the financial reach of average Americans.  
  
As for religious convictions, there are six Catholics and three Jews sitting on the court. This doesn't bode well for the pro-choice crowd if another attack on Roe v. Wade takes place. How long will it take corporations to earn religious rights from the court?  
  
We have six men on the court who bring a sense of entitlement to their positions, while the three women offset it with empathy. Most of the court's members have operated within the elite atmosphere populated by the very wealthy, and have lost touch with average American. We should be very afraid of the ideological reach enjoyed by the Supreme Court, and question its pivot in free speech from that of the average American to the wealthy and corporate elites. 




 The influence of the Supreme Court is overwhelming in American history. I would point you to the Dred Scott case that left an entire population of black Americans in slavery until after the Civil War. Next, I would remind you of the "separate but equal" hogwash in the Plessy decision. Explain to those millions of lives that the Supreme Court has no power and played a limited role in keeping them enslaved.  
  
Wow...the truth has no place on this subreddit. 




 This is original content that examines the political impact of charter schools. 




 Good response...this helps me understand the argument against lifetime terms. 




 I didn't offer hypotheticals, instead providing two concrete examples of when a Supreme Court decision was ignored. Your prohibition examples are more of a straw-man argument. 




 Thank you, as this is precisely the way I view the powers of the Supreme Court. 




 Can you provide me with some sources so that I can understand this issue better? I want to trust your word, but the "political question" explanation is one I've not heard before. 




 The Supreme Court has the final say on whether a law is constitutional, and if not, it is struck down. The president and congress can legislate all day but if the law's considered unconstitutional, it is overturned. While the court doesn't have the power of enforcement, it still makes the laws. The U.S. is a nation built on laws, and I can only think of two instances when a president ignored Supreme Court rulings: A. Jackson and the trail of tears, and A. Lincoln and the suspension of habeus corpus during the civil war years.  




 Thank you for the source, but Hamilton describes the judiciary as the weakest of the three departments. When did this change, as it is by far the most powerful of the departments today? 




 I appreciate the detailed reply, and you appear to say that Justices are appointed for life to remain aloof from politics. This appears to be the common argument, but are there any other reasons given for lifetime appointments? I would also like to study more about the ideas you listed so may I please have a source? 




 Is this the only argument given for allowing life-time appointments? Also, can you give me a source for this answer? 




 Yes, your answer does help in the context of the dred scott case, but was it considered an outrageous statement by contemporary society? Was the supreme court viewed as an impeccable institution? 




 I did not mean for this to be a soapbox question, so it will be resubmitted as a properly phrased question.  




 According to the readings, it was a failure of the entire system, both regulatory and industry, to protect the investor from buying bad stocks. The number one imperative of a stock broker is to protect its clients from bad investments. The largest investment firms ignored this imperative and pushed stocks they knew were "toxic" on a variety of investors that included city governments, union pension funds, and municipalities.  
  
Fueling this binge was home sales across the U.S., with Country Wide leading the way in offering loans to individuals that in no way qualified. The loans were variable interest that began small and then ballooned into larger payments when the economy dropped and interest rates climbed. Associates were told to expedite loan approvals and ignore or fill in blank spots - anything necessary for loan approval.  
  
Wall Street took these bad loans, cut them into "tranches" that were spread across several stocks to reduce the risks. Ratings agencies provided the stocks with unrealistic ratings, and Wall Street sold them to the world. The stocks were insured, and when the collapse occurred it wiped out the big insurers that paid off the large brokerage houses, leaving nothing for the small investor.  
  
Goldman Sachs role is particularly heinous because it sold massive numbers of these toxic (the word appeared consistently throughout all nine books I read) stocks, and then bet against them on the market. The amount of money this firm made off of the misery of the poor is pornographic.  




 You are being an apologist for the corporate malfeasance that occurred during the run-up to 2008. These are individuals that micro-managed large amounts of money and knew exactly what they were doing and how to hide shady practices from regulation. Most people don't realize that financial institutions get to choose which federal department will regulate the company, and opt for the regulatory agency that is the most understaffed and least informed about the type of trades in which it specializes. Read the books I listed above and I guarantee you'll be absolutely livid by the devastation caused by the industry's greed.  




 That is a question I cannot answer. 




 I don't have the books in front of me, but you'll still learn more by reading about the event. 




 I'm sure examples of casual clothing abound throughout history, but my favorite is that of Thomas Jefferson. When Senator William Plumer arrived to meet Jefferson at the President's House in Washington, D.C. on 1802, the president was "dressed, or rather undressed, with an old brown coat, red waist-coat, old corduroy small clothes, much soiled, wooled hose and slippers without heels." Imagine the uproar in contemporary media if a president conducted business dressed this way.  
  
Source:  
1. Cliff Sloan and David McKean, The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court (New York: Public Affairs, 2009). 




 In my efforts to understand the financial crisis I searched for books about it and discovered this [list](http://www.goodreads.com/list/show/9050.Understanding_the_Financial_Crisis_2008). I read all the books on this list up to #9, which I considered the best book, and all the authors detailed how investment and banking firms used poorly regulated methods to basically con home buyers into financing/refinancing loans. Sadly, the authors contribute the lack of criminal prosecutions to an unwillingness by the government to prosecute the offenders. If you want to understand the crisis, read the books on this list. The 2008 economic crisis and its causes are far too complicated to explain in a reddit post. 




 Many civil war historians aver that by passing the 13th amendment, northerners believed southern slaves would desert or turn on their masters and create additional turmoil and fear. A persistent fear experienced by a large portions of southerners during the antebellum period was that the slave population would participate in an uprising. Nat Turner's rebellion and John Brown's raid both played on these fears and were fresh in their minds when the 13th amendment was ratified.  
  
Sources:
1. Tony Horwitz, Midnight Rising: John Brown and the Raid That Sparked the Civil War, 2011.  
  
2. Richard Valelly, The Two Reconstructions: The Struggle for Black Enfranchisement (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2004).

 




 As for the number of presidents who grew up wealthy, I researched the individuals elected during the 20th and 21st centuries, and where they attended college. Of the 18 presidents, 14 attended a top ten ranked university where tuition and lodging costs far exceed the national average. Only three of the 18 attended small public schools - Warren Harding (Ohio Central College), Lyndon Johnson (Southwest Texas State Teachers College), and Ronald Reagan (Eureka College). Harry Truman is the only president serving in the 20th and 21st century who did not attend college.  
  
The remaining fourteen presidents attended Harvard, Yale, Stanford, Princeton, Columbia, and Amherst. I realize it is unfair to generalize an individual's economic standing by alumni status, but to successfully reach the position of president contemporarily requires attending a school that provides a degree with a pedigree. 




 Hello Dr. Mack, and thank you for taking the time to answer questions. My question is about the repercussions on Earth for a large meteor strike on an inner galaxy rocky planet. If a meteor strike hitting Mars, Venus, or the Moon was powerful enough to change its orbit, would this have detrimental effects on Earth? 




 Creationism wins!!! 




 So the relationship between peer-reviewed research and creationism, and its effects on the scientific community is unacceptable for this subreddit?  




 Journalists weren't the only individuals filming the war, as some soldiers brought along their own equipment. A good example of this is Robert Fuller, a Hollywood director who served as an infantry soldier with the 1st Infantry Division. Fuller carried an 8mm Bell   Howell camera with him while storming Omaha Beach on DDay; he earned a Silver Star on that day helping to open a hole on the German line, and when communications went down, making an insane dash across open sand to inform his commander. Fuller said he preferred the B H because it was rugged and handled wet, cold conditions well. He filmed the Battle of the Bulge, and near the end of the war, the liberation of Falkenau Concentration Camp in Czechoslovakia. I saw portions of this film while doing research at Huntington Library, and it shows the citizens of the city next to the camp - man, woman, and child - being forced to walk through the camp and view the human carnage. He filmed as his unit forced locals to collect the dead bodies littering the camp, and give them proper burials that included a funeral procession.  
  
Sources:  
LIBERATING IMAGES? Samuel Fuller's Film of Falkenau Concentration Camp, Marsha Orgeron. Film Quarterly. Berkeley: Winter 2006/2007. Vol. 60, Iss. 2;  pg. 38, 10 pgs  
  
Fuller, Samuel, Christa L. Fuller, and Jerome H. Rudes. A Third Face: My Tale of Writing, Fighting, and Filmmaking. New York: Alfred A. Knoff, 2002.  
  

I don't know if this info helped but you might also consider looking into George Stevens, another Hollywood director and cameraman who was assigned by the military to film the war. Like Fuller, he filmed DDay landings, but from a greater distance. He also filmed numerous concentration camp atrocities that were used during the Nuremberg trials; the footage was also placed in the Library of Congress. I'm sorry to say my notes don't tell me what camera he used.  
  
Source:  
  
Moss, Marilyn A. Giant: George Stevens, a Life on Film. Madison: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. 




 When choosing your secondary sources, be sure to rely heavily on university press books. If you need help finding sources, find the most recent book or article addressing your subject, and look at their sources. Follow the same steps with the resulting sources and you start building a fairly solid historiography. Good luck. 




 I commend you for reaching out here to collect topic suggestions. I wish this source had been available when I was a graduate student. I find my best writing occurs when I connect the past to the present by asking questions related to interesting topics. Lately, I've asked myself how S.C. justices have evolved during the court's tenure? For instance, much is written about the legislative and federal branches of government, but the Supreme Court's influence is often overlooked except in extreme cases such as *Dred Scott*. This is just an example of how to generate ideas, but I also suggest you keep in mind the availability and accessibility of primary resources. In order to do part of my thesis, I was forced to travel to UCLA and the Huntington Library, because they housed a generous number of archived film from Hollywood's early years. The greater number of primary sources available makes for a stronger, reasoned thesis analysis. 




 This article contains original political analysis, and the title is lifted from the article and is a summation of the reporting. 




 I don't know if this helps but over at Engadget there's a video that...["Over the course of roughly 90 minutes, Shuhei Yoshida and Mark Cerney cover everything from the former getting banned from Nintendo's Miiverse (twice), how the PS Move controller signaled a new era of design teamwork at Sony and what it was like working under SCEA's legendarily hard-nosed chief, Ken Kutaragi."](http://www.engadget.com/2014/04/24/shuhei-yoshida-mark-cerny-playstation) 




 It was the battle between the two ideologies that most hurt the poor. When the U.S. exited WWII, it was the only major country that didn't experience the direct devastation of war. In fact, it offered funds to struggling nation's so as to rebuild. Those loans were repaid with interest, but it also placed the nations receiving funds under U.S. economic control of its market development. With all of these economic advantages, the U.S. government decided to invest in the military instead of its people; it chose guns over butter. 




 My studies on race, urban, and media history has profoundly changed the way I view American society. Understanding media's role in the "red scare" and government's response to socialism, along with its fight against labor, allow me to understand the world I live in today. If we include Cold War history, almost the entire 20th century history in the U.S. revolves around the battle between two disparate economic ideologies - socialism and capitalism.  
  
The battle between these two ideologies touched every U.S. citizen in some manner, but the greatest burden fell on the nation's poor. Detroit is a good example of what happens to a city when it ignores the plight of the poor, while concentrating on the wealthy. Thomas Sugrue, *The Origins of the Urban Crisis : Race and Inequality in Postwar Detroit* provides a chilling history of this event. Moreover, I don't understand why more historians don't become angry over the repeated examples of government's ill treatment of the poor.
 




 Not if you've defined yourself out of poverty. The current economic system in the U.S. is not designed to alleviate poverty. Capitalism is an economic system deeply dependent on the ideology that it selects winners and losers impartially, but this just isn't the case. Americans believe that if they own *x, y, or z*, they must be in the middle-class. Ask yourself, "If I lost my job today, could I go six months without unemployment benefits, while maintaining my current lifestyle? Do I have enough saved for retirement that one minor emergency (medical?) doesn't wipe out my entire funds?" If you answered 'no', then you aren't really in the middle class. 




 I believe Americans avoid looking at the realities of their social position because it means the individual might have to acknowledge living in poverty. 




 I am, however, educated in determining social classes. I don't just limit my definition of social class to economics. To be firmly in the American middle-class, I argue, the individual/family has sufficient income from a paycheck to place a portion into savings or the stock market after paying the monthly bills. They own a home, with multiple cars, and can afford to send their children to a state college without student loans. Credit card use is for the sake of convenience, and not because it's needed. If an individual/family lives paycheck-to-paycheck, the future is the now and offers little hope for advancement. 




 This hasn't been my experience, but let's take you for an example. How do you define the social class in which you reside? What are its boundaries? Is it all about income, or does access to education and other social institutions also play a part? 




 When did alternet become a restricted domain for r/politics? 




 Why is your reply with the veiled threat suggesting I not pursue the matter, and your demand for unearned respect not posted? And please provide me with a definition of the terms "snippy" and "dismissive" along with examples from my reply that you consider disrespectful. 




 I won't apologize to you or the OP for being "snippy" or "dismissive" as they are subjective qualities. The reality is that I can't make you "feel" anything as only you have the power to do that. I can, however, point out the faulty nature of an argument, and if that hurts someone's feelings, I suggest they grow a thicker skin. Such is the nature of academics. 




 He questioned my source, a university press book, because it didn't match his wikipedia source. If my attitude was "dismissive" it's because I don't believe in wikipedia as a source, and my students aren't allowed to use it other than to find a starting point for finding library sources for a topic. 




 I did make a polite and sourced rebuttal that the OP called " bullshit".  




 While Nixon didn't get hired by Hoover, Reagan worked as an informer for the FBI while working in Hollywood as an union president. 




 No need for expletives, as I didn't allude to a large number to describe the Irish movement, opting instead to use the ambiguous term "many." As for your argument, its third sentence contradicts the first two sentences by admitting that a number of Irish were fighting for independence. Arguing over size is simply an exercise in semantics, and one you should address to Snay, not Shay. 




 If you have any arguments with the Fenian question, you should direct them to Mitchell Snay, or perhaps his publisher, Louisiana State University Press. Make sure to tell them you're upset that Snay's research doesn't match that of wikipedia, and that a university press's validation process just wasn't thorough enough. 




 What I believe you're trying to ask is why the "other" or "outsider" in the U.S. was identified as such, and how/why this changed? For the purposes of this answer, I define anyone who is not white or of Anglo descent as the "other".  
  
In the nation's history, black Americans have occupied the position of "other" for almost its entirety. The defining characteristics of African Americans popular in antebellum America changed after the Civil War when they gained agency through economic and educational growth. In the southern states, new laws restricted this development for AA's, allowing many negative stereotypes to persist.  
  
Source: 1. Richard Valelly, The Two Reconstructions: The Struggle for Black Enfranchisement (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2004).  
  
The evolution of the Irishman also developed during this period, as many were taken straight of the boat at Ellis Island and placed directly into the Union Army. Back home, the Irish were fighting for independence from England and many came to the U.S. to gain military experience that they could take home to Ireland. As the U.S. experienced the second industrial revolution, and urban populations exploded, the Irish earned greater acceptance in relation to AA's and Eastern European immigrants. Irish immigrants told friends they learned 3 things about America. First, the streets weren't paved with gold. Second, the streets weren't paved, period. Third, the Irish were expected to pave the streets.  
  
Source: 1. Mitchell Snay, Fenians, Freedmen, and Southern Whites: Race and Nationality in the Era of Reconstruction (Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 2007).  
  
As for the additional races and their acceptance, the best way to gain validity as a U.S. citizen was to buy a house. The reasons for this are many, including: it meant the individual was invested in the nation; owning a home required steady employment; homeowners were less likely to be radicals.

Source: 1. David Roediger, Working toward Whiteness: How Americas Immigrants Became White (New York: BasicBooks, 2005).  
  
Hoped this answered some of your question. 




 According to Cold War historians, the American leaders viewed the rearmament of the West Germans as a mainly symbolic gesture to reassure Europeans that all NATO members shared in the defense against communist aggression. The French and Russians were greatly alarmed at the thought of a militarized reunified Germany, and to allay these fears required the aforementioned stationing of U.S. troops in Germany. The U.S. viewed Germany as a temporary speed bump so devastated and wearied by the war that it stood little chance of slowing down a Russian offensive. 




 I realize now that my remarks seem a little harsh, but describing the Soviet Army as a juggernaut seems disingenuous, even for the Soviet experts that populated the period's State Department. Although historians describe the U.S. and U.S.S.R. as the only two superpowers standing, the reality is that the U.S. experienced economic growth without the disastrous wreckage that haunted the Soviets, and in truth was the only real superpower. Stalin admitted that his country and people were tired and needed at least ten years to recover. The rearmament of Germany took place during the later Eisenhower administration, after U.S. policymakers switched from the ideology of containment pushed by George Kennan, to one of brinkmanship or massive retaliation sponsored by Dulles. This change meant that the military response to aggression became only one of a multitude of possible responses, with the atomic option becoming the overriding U.S. strategy.  
  
Sources:  
  
1. Kenneth Osgood, Total Cold War: Eisenhowers Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad (Lawrence: University of Kansas, 2006).  
  
2. Chris Ward, Stalins Russia, 2nd ed, Reading History (London: New York: Arnold; Oxford University Press, 1999).  
  
3. John Lewis Gaddis, The Cold War a New History (New York: Penguin Press, 2005).  
  
4. John Lewis Gaddis, George F. Kennan an American Life (New York: Penguin Press, 2011).
 




 First, there was no "Soviet juggernaut" waiting to push through Europe and the ideology belongs to the Traditionalism history espoused by W.E. Griffith or T.T. Hammond, according to Chris Ward, author of *Stalin's Russia*.  
  
Revisionist historians such as J.L. Gaddis and R.C. Raack acknowledge the devastation inflicted on Russia by the Germans, but that Stalin hid the nation's weakness with oratory bluster and demonstrations of technological prowess (Sputnik, hydrogen bomb). The U.S. State Department lacked the personnel to properly evaluate the Soviet Union because of the Red Scare and McCarthy's accusations which resulted in the department losing a huge number of analyists.

As to the original question, Germany was rearmed because U.S. leadership believed it was a necessary deterrent, but the French demanded that the Germans host American soldiers as a means of keeping the German Army from reemerging as a threat.  
  
Sources:  

1. John Lewis Gaddis, The Cold War a New History (New York: Penguin Press, 2005).  
  
2.Kenneth Osgood, Total Cold War: Eisenhowers Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad (Lawrence: University of Kansas, 2006).


  
























