



















 Does anyone have recipe recommendations for chicken thighs in a crock pot? 

Thanks.  
























 Is it just me, or are there episodes missing from the Mythbusters line up?  














 So I've been messing around with the Roku Android app for smart phones for the last few days, and have to say, I'm impressed with some of it and disappointed by other parts.

**The Good**

It works really well. Reaction time actually seems to be faster than the Roku remote.

The app has a neat feature that allows you to view pictures or videos taken with your phone on your TV.

The app lets you stream music on your phone to the TV.

It's free!

**The Bad**

I can't use my phone's keyboard to run a search. To my thinking, this is the biggest and worst limitation of the app. It's ridiculous that I can't use my phone's keyboard to type in a title/director/etc. to run a search, rather having to peck the characters in one-by-one just like with the stock remote.

**The ugly**

When streaming video from my phone to the Roku, the app appears to compress the video quite heavily resulting in a lot of artifacting. This isn't too big of a deal if you're just wanting to show some videos to friends family.

Ocassionally the video will stop to buffer.


Overall, the app is a lot like the Roku itself, in that it does some things very well, but the interface isn't the best and sometimes it goes a bit wonky. That said, I think it's worth installing. 



















































































































































































 Ok. Every time I buy a pair of dress shoes, I end up with pain/blisters on my heels.

Brand, cost, style, it doesn't seem to matter, no matter what I do, I end up with pain.

So, what am I doing wrong? How can I quickly break in a new pair of dress shoes?

Thanks. 
























































































































































































 Now that Morse and Giron have been recalled, the Colorado Democratic party is probably in momentary internal chaos.

If the Republicans really want to win points, now is the time for them to push through pro-rights legislation, and, frankly, I think they ought to put forth the following proposals:

1.) A repeal of the magazine ban in full.
2.) Repeal the universal background check law, as well as the requirements for background checks to be conducted at gun shows.
3.) Tax incentives designed to bring gun and gun-related companies to the state of Colorado in order to generate jobs and tax revenue, as well as establishing a group of businesses in Colorado with a vested interest in ensuring that gun control cannot get a foot hold in this state. (Magpul was invaluable in their actions to help to reduce the damage of these laws.)
4.) Other proposals that would just simply cause the Democrats to flip out. Not sure what those would be. Maybe legalize hunting with sound suppressors, paying for maintenance and range safety officers at public ranges, or something else I haven't thought of.

Right now the Democrats fundamentally believe that Morse and Giron were recalled because of their stance on guns. It's time for the Republicans to step up, propose some pro-gun laws, and force the rest of the state Democratic party to either back the Republican play or face the consequences. 























































































































 Several months ago, I randomly stumbled across a blog post where the author tackled the media claims that gun ownership was falling, while at the same time pointing out that the number of NICS checks conducted were at record highs.

The article basically showed that while the percentage of households that owned guns was smaller compared to years past, this was due to the fact that the rate of gun owning households growing at a slower rate than the rate of household growth overall.

The upshot of the article was that, even though fewer households have a gun as an overall percentage in years past, there are still record numbers of gun owners overall.

It was a very insightful analysis, and now, for the life of me, I can't find it again. If anyone else remembers what I'm talking about, or could dig it up for me, I'd be truly grateful.

Thanks. 


































































































































































































 So, my kid's 1-1/2 years old. I can tell he's developing and doing some cool things, but I have honestly no idea what kind of activities we should be doing for fun and learning.

Any suggestions/links/articles/success stories are appreciated.

Bottom line:

I'm sick of being the parent who just turns on the tv because I'm bored. I have a little person here in my life, and I'm thinking that there should be all kinds of fun and exciting things he and I can do. 














 Just what it says.

Every time we put the kid on the changing table to change his diaper, he flips out.

The only way to keep it from happening is to give him a bottle or distract him with a toy.

What's going on here? How can I get him to be calm when we're changing a diaper or outfit? 









 The following images have been circulating among various Colorado citizens, and have reached a critical mass in popularity.

Consider these  to be a pretty clear indicator of just how upset people are over the currently proposed gun control laws.

http://imgur.com/FQbPjvi

http://imgur.com/lLP9Kc5

http://imgur.com/LcWkjoO

http://imgur.com/uYwHKLo

http://imgur.com/pjJo3E6

 









 So, I've just been reading through the proposed universal background check law here in Colorado.

The law outlines a number of exceptions where a transfer can be legally done without having to go through a background check.

Here's the list of exempted transfers straight from the bill:

[QUOTE]3 (b)  EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY SECTION 18-12-111, A TRANSFER
4 THAT IS A BONA FIDE GIFT BETWEEN IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS, WHICH
5 ARE LIMITED TO SPOUSES, PARENTS, CHILDREN, SIBLINGS, GRANDPARENTS,
6 AND GRANDCHILDREN;[/QUOTE]

So, reading through that list of exemptions, it would be legal for me to transfer a gun to my wife for self protection while I'm out of town on a business trip.

However, if a gay man or lesbian were to transfer a gun to his/her partner under the exact same set of circumstances, it would be an illegal transfer without conducting a background check.

Given that the Democratic party has consistently positioned itself as the champion of LGBT issues, I find it highly instructive that they're willing to draw a line of demarcation that essentially says "gay people don't have the same gun right to self defense as straight people."

No matter where you stand on LGBT political issues, no reasonable person would think that such unequal treatment under the law could possibly be fair or just, and regardless of where you personally stand on this issue, the Colorado Democratic party should be called to account for their clearly discriminatory attitude regarding gays and guns.
 




 Please feel free to spread these far and wide in service of the fight against the proposed gun control laws in Colorado.

http://demigodllc.com/hickenlooper_magban4.jpg

http://demigodllc.com/candles.jpg

http://demigodllc.com/15_rounds.jpg

 
























 So, I recently smoked a fairly massive pork loin at a friend's house. This thing is perfectly done. Smokey, tender, and delicious.

I would happily just eat the thing by cutting hunks of it off with a knife, but that somehow doesn't seem civilized, especially since this enormous hunk of delicious meat is going to be my work day lunch for the next week or two.

So, hit me with your best suggestions for fancying this up. I'm already thinking in terms of doing some pulled pork, but also would like ideas about making pork medallions with some kind of paleo sauce.

Or any other suggestions you guys might have. Wrap it in bacon and garnish with an avocado? Served with a side of shrimp and slathered in a coconut and red pepper sauce? Something else I haven't even thought of?

Lay it on me! 







































 In the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, I've been going back and doing some reading on previous spree shootings. One of the documents I'm working my way through is the Virginia Tech Review Panel's Report on the Mass Shootings at Virginia Tech. (You can download the report here:
http://www.governor.virginia.gov/tempcontent/techpanelreport.cfm )


The report is quite comprehensive, covering a history of Seung Hui Cho, his mental problems, Virginia Tech's security protocols at the time of the shooting, a timeline of the shooting, and how Cho acquired his guns.


As you might recall, Cho committed his crimes with a Glock 19 and a Walther P22. He purchased and subsequently used numerous magazines for both guns, including several 15-round magazines for the Glock 19.


On page 87 of the PDF I came across the following bombshell:



The panel also considered whether the previous federal Assault Weapons Act of 1994 that banned 15-round magazines would have made a difference inthe April 16 incidents. The law lapsed after 10 years, in October 2004, and had banned clips or magazines with over 10 rounds. ***The panel concluded that 10-round magazines that were legal would have not made much difference in the incident.*** Even pistols with rapid loaders *(ed. I think they are referring to revolver speed loaders here)* could have been about as deadly in this situation.



So there it is.


In an official 260 page review conducted jointly between the Virginia Governor's office and Virginia Polytechnic Institute, the official stance is that a magazine ban would have made little to no difference in the outcome of the shooting. 









 In the wake of the Sandy Hook school shooting, there have been calls for reinstating a federal ban on magazines that hold more than ten rounds.

Arguing for the right to own these magazines is something that can be problematic, as even many gun owners see no issue with restricting access to them.

Furthermore, I've seen a lot of pro-gun folks try to make a case for these magazines, and come off as either insensitive, buffoonish, or just downright stupid, and it makes me cringe every time I watch it happen.

So, in the interest of preserving our second amendment rights, here are my thoughts on arguing against bans on 10 round magazines.

**Know Who You're Debating**

Most of the people reacting to Sandy Hook (and other rampage shootings) are not gun people. For the most part, they aren't anti-gun people, either. They are, however, completely ignorant about guns and how they work, and have a general level of fear associated with guns and people who own them.

What they're looking for is an answer to the question of "how do we stop rampage shootings" and they're grabbing at the first straw, gun control, that seems like a good idea. You have to convince them that gun control is not the answer.

**Arguments That Don't Work, and Why**

* It's my right to own them because 2nd Amendment.*
-This argument is true, however it makes you look stupid and selfish. After all, to the people you're speaking to, you come off sounding like you put your right to own a dangerous product above the safety of their kids.

*I own them because I can.*
-Again, this is a stupidly weak argument, and a tautology on top.

*I own them because I may need them for self-defense.*
-Remember, the people you're talking to have not spent any time at all studying personal defense, much less defense with a firearm. By and large, most people assume that a more traditional style of gun, like a revolver, would be perfectly adequate. Furthermore, statistically speaking, for the vast, vast majority of defensive encounters, they're right. The number of self-defense incidents where capacity of the defender's gun was what won the day are, in truth,  vanishingly small. As a result, most people, who've spent no time reading up on the current state of self-defense will dismiss you as a paranoid lunatic with delusions of having to fend off an army.

*I own them because we may need them in case of invasion/the US government turns on its own people/The Revolution/Wolverines!*
-Most people in this country live comfortable lives, and they rarely pay attention to historical precedent. As a result, they don't believe that things could come down to a situation where things go all Warsaw Ghetto, and even if they *do* entertain the notion that such a thing could happen here, they cannot and will not consider the idea of actually picking up a gun and fighting against an existential threat. Any argument that follows the revolutionary line of reasoning will be dismissed out of hand as paranoid fantasizing. You will be painted as a lunatic preparing for an event that will never happen. The assumption is that you're so delusional that you are putting your right to a revolution that will never come up against the protection of children.

*I own them because it makes it easier for me at the shooting range or because having them reduces amount of time I have to waste loading magazines.*
-Again, this argument makes you look completely unsympathetic. After all, if a ban on magazines would reduce these shootings, then who cares if it means you're slightly inconvenienced during a range trip?

*I own them because I compete in USPSA/3 Gun/some other form of competition.*
-This argument can help to counter the "you don't need a high capacity magazine to hunt" or "why would anyone have these things?" and pointing out that you're involved in a competitive sport may confer some legitimacy, but it's still a weak argument, because you sound like you're putting the enjoyment of a game above the safety of kids.

**Arguments That Should Work, With Explanation**

The best way to voice your opposition to a magazine ban isn't by asserting your rights. Regardless of how strongly you feel about the 2nd Amendment, rights-based or possession-based arguments are not going to sway someone who is on the fence about the 2nd Amendment, and/or already believes that no reasonable person owns such an item.

The best way to make the case in favor of 10 round magazines is from a policy perspective. As gun owners we should all be actively engaging in the public discussion over these items, and offering our unique knowledge to help guide policy in a direction that will actually be effective at stopping these sorts of shootings from happening in the future.

***The best arguments against a ban on these magazines is to point out that such a ban SIMPLY WILL NOT WORK.*** It's thoroughly terrible policy that will absolutely not stop the next rampage killer from taking out as many victims as his tortured mental state demands.

Here's a breakdown of the arguments that are bound to be the most effective, at least with people who aren't being completely emotional about the situation.

*The 1994-2004 Assault Weapon Ban*
-The US had a ban on these magazines that lasted for ten years, and during that time, there was not one trustworthy study that showed the ban had any effect whatsoever on rates of violent crime, regardless of the type.

*The technology is already "in the wild."*
-With the exception of the ten years during the federal assault weapon ban 10 round magazines have been sold with hundreds of millions of new guns, and available on the market to anyone who cares to purchase them. These magazines are mechanically simple (about as complex as a well-constructed travel mug), small, and completely untraceable. Any attempt to regulate these magazines will essentially be DOA because there are already so many of them in private hands.

*Consider the implications of enforcing a ban*
-Everyone wants to get behind the idea of a ban without putting any thought into actual enforcement costs. Ask them to explain how they would enforce a ban.
Would they be willing to ok warrantless searches to find these magazines?
Would they be willing to arrest, try, convict, and imprison for ten years anyone found to possess one?
How much would it cost to imprison all of these millions of people?
Would we have to construct new prisons for them?
Would it really be worth it?

(The nice thing about this line of reasoning is that it's an extremely easy litmus test to see if you're dealing with someone who's halfway rational or not. No rational person would actually agree that locking up tens of millions of people who've harmed no one would be a good idea. And if the person says they're ok with it, you know they're a nut. This argument also has the potential to work well if you're talking to people in favor of legalizing pot, as the comparisons between marijuana users and magazine owners are actually pretty clear-cut.)

*How to enforce a ban?*
-How would you keep people from importing unmarked magazines from outside of the US, or squirting them out of a 3D printer?

*Point out that other mass shootings have taken place without 10 round magazines*
-3 of the 4 guns used by the Columbine shooters did not use high capacity magazines. Specifically, Eric Harris had to reload his Hi-Point Carbine ten times, and the double-barreled shotgun used was reloaded over twenty times. [Source]http://acolumbinesite.com/weapon.html The Walther used by Seung-Hui Cho could not hold more than ten rounds. The Beltway "snipers" never fired more than one shot at any given murder attempt. Charles Whitman used no high capacity magazines.

-Changing magazines is an action that even an amateur can easily complete in under four seconds. Even if the killer is limited to ten round magazines, it won't matter. They will simply carry more magazines and reload more often. Furthermore, there is not one instance where that extra reload time made a difference in the outcome of a shooting. (Some may try to claim that it did in the case of the Giffords shooting, but Loughner's gun jammed, which is what provided the time to others around him to react.)


Finally, if you're a parent and a gun owner, voice this fact. Having a kid means you've got skin in the game, and gives you additional legitimacy. Remember, at the end of the day, everyone wants the same thing: to stop or reduce the number of rampage killings, especially those targeting children. As gun owners, we have not only a unique perspective and specialist knowledge on the subject, but we've also got the most to lose. Therefore it is extremely important for all of us to present the best arguments we can.

I hope that this post is useful. I've been making a number of these arguments on public news forums with some success. I'd appreciate any feedback.

Thanks. 














 Might be too hipster for some, but I really like this tune. 




 So, awhile back, I installed an App on my Kindle Fire called [Peekaboo Barn](http://www.nightanddaystudios.com/app/peekaboo-barn).

My kid goes nuts for this thing, and this got me to wondering if there were other decent apps out there that an infant would like, or would help them to learn something new.

Thanks. 







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Don't get me wrong, I love this subreddit. However, is anyone aware of a similar subreddit for Amazon Prime subscribers? I'm sure there's a ton of great movies and shows in the archives there, too.

Thanks! 




















































































































































































































































 Yes/No:

The Australian gun control laws instituted after Port Arthur required law abiding citizens to relinquish guns to the state for destruction.  














 Yeah, but our president is so much smarter, better looking, and spiritual than the rest of us that it's OK if he acts unilaterally and without the consent of the governed.  




 I actually didn't read it. Other than the occasional lifehacker article, I have tried to make a concentrated effort to not click Gawker links. 

 




 Please explain how throwing law abiding command in jail for owning a gun makes anyone measurably safer.  




 I think it's cute how you arbitrarily pick 1999 as your cutoff date, and then wring your hands about how "very little progress has been made."

It's a perfect demonstration of how anti-gun people are thoroughly disingenuous. No matter how low gun crime is, no matter how many tens of millions of responsible gun owners there are, you'll still call for idiotic gun control laws, and agitate for throwing people in prison for stupid reasons.
 




 Actual statistics are that US citizens justifiably use firearms in self defense upwards of 2 million times a year.

Please explain why you want to deny people the ability to effectively defend themselves. 




 What's it like? 




 That basically makes him the intellectual equivalent of this guy:

http://i.imgur.com/TUPDUkA.gif

 









 Nothing interesting comes from Gawker media. 




 Even if I had a solution, and I do, there's no point in presenting it to someone who's not only a troll, but a completely authoritarian lunatic.

Please explain why I should take you, an admitted troll, seriously on any level? 




 The blogger in this case is a female.  




 Ha!  




 California requires background checks for all gun sales, including person-to-person. 

I don't know if there are exceptions for inter-family transfers.  




 I don't know the details of California gun laws, but I wouldn't attempt a buy-up interdiction without taking to a lawyer first.  




 Something... Something... No place for weapons of war on our streets. 

-Obama 




 It's a blog who's author is ardently progun and works in snark and sarcasm the way other artists work in oils or water colors. 

I was unaware that we were obligated to only post links to places that adopt the supposedly neutral tone of the mainstream media.  




 I am intrigued by the notion of an ideological Turing Test. 









 Better take your FFL with you.

California requires all gun transfers to go through a background check, and I believe there's a waiting period for handguns. 




 I think it's cute that your solution is to take all the guns away from the people who didn't do it. 




 He is deluded.

He's also the worst kind of troll, an earnest hatemonger with no sense of humor.  




 MY UP VOTES. HAVE THEM ALL!  




 There hasn't been an anti to show up in the last decade who doesn't make the entire movement look like it's populated by lunatics, narcissists, or outright cowards.  




 Nothing like being Monday-morning quarterbacked by people who couldn't even catch a football in a back yard game.  




 So, what you're saying is that these shooters managed to have more friends than you do? 




 But you have said you hate Americans, so why are you so upset about this? 




 I would categorize it as your wet dream.

Two lunatics executing people who actually like to have a beer now and again. 













































































































 So I've just started to try a Creatine supplement for my workout. I bought the Body Fortress brand, which claims to have a whole bunch of stuff in it other than Creatine.

Here's a link to the nutrition label:
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/815qNfV4toL._SL1500_.jpg

I've noticed some positive results, but since picking this stuff up, I'm wondering if it's the right choice, or if I would be better off supplementing with just plain creatine.

I'm completely new to this game, and a lot of the supplement marketing and advertising strikes me as being about as trustworthy as the average used car salesman.

So am I good sticking with the Body Fortress stuff, or should I be looking at something else?

Thanks for your help! 




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Over-analyzing a shitty comedian's joke for internal philosophical consistency? 

Congratulations, you're a libertarian.  









 I'm not calling her a liar, but, unless she has a certain amount of familiarity with firearms, it's unlikely she would be able to differentiate between a gun that has jammed vs once that has been shot until empty, especially during the course of the event. 

I suspect that the experts with the Pima County Sheriffs Department would be able to suss out the difference, however.  




 His opinion of the places shows the typical New Yorker disdain for any place outside of NYC. 

No wonder he and other big money groups dropped their support for Morse and Giron after they lost.  




 http://tucson13.nytimes-institute.com/2013/05/23/sheriff-releases-photos-of-11-tucson-shooting/

During the attack, Loughner emptied one 33-round magazine into the crowd.* A second magazine jammed, giving bystanders a chance to tackle him before the first police officers arrived.*

http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jan/09/nation/la-na-0110-gabrielle-giffords-20110110

He finally changed the magazine and tried to fire, *but the gun jammed. * Meanwhile, two men from the crowd grabbed him and subdued him, officials said. 




 The after-action reports and analyses for most mass shooting events are freely available. 

 




 Violent crime is only the justification for selling these cockamamie ideas to the public. 

The people who supported these laws knew they would not do anything to actually reduce violence. 

Rather, it was all about sticking it to an out-of-power constituency in order to put on a show for the national-level party bosses.  




 Loughner was shooting people at contact distance and was taken down when his gun jammed, not when he was reloading. 

So your one and only example of a shooting where limited capacity magazines might have made a difference is pretty much a useless data point. 

Your claim is clearly counter-balanced by all of the mass shooters who clearly had no problems killing many people despite their limited capacity guns.  





























 I generally like Texans, but holy fuck you guys suck at winter driving.  




 Thanks for the karma. 




 You are clearly a moron.

Go take an actual firearms safety class and learn how guns actually work and then maybe we can talk when you have dealt with your ignorance.

But you won't, because actually learning things is hard. 




 So your solution to violent crime is to pass a ban on a form of device that is mechanically simple, essentially lasts forever, and where teens of millions of them already exist in the wild? 

Never mind the fact that a magazine ban will have no effect on the outcome of a mass shooting event. 

What your argument boils down to is that you're willing to arrest, try, convict, and imprison tens of millions of lawful citizens simply because they own a plastic box with a spring in it. 

That's pathetic.  









 Hey, you're the one that enables violence by disallowing people effective means of self defense.

Your policies would result in far more deaths, on aggregate, than pro-gun policies do, but I guess you would find that acceptable as long as people are murdered by methods other than shooting.  



















 Your feels don't trump others civil rights. 

Don't like guns? 

Fine. 

Don't carry one.  




 Sara Brady doesn't speak as brazenly or as often about guns as Piers Morgan did. 




 John Walsh? 

Where the hell is CNN recruiting their talent from, a timer warp to 1986? 




 You have to give a name/email/zip to submit your votes. 




 I don't know. Probably hit by a car or something. 









 Here's a big fat list compiling examples of anti-gun activists threatening violence or engaging in violence. 

http://www.saysuncle.com/index.php?s=%22so+violent%22 




 I stumbled across this post a year or so ago, and had been unable to relocate it. 

Thanks for posting this.  




 I didn't twist your words, you mouth-breathing imbecile.

The bottom line is that TSA has never, not once, stopped a terrorist, and there's no evidence that they're any more effective than pre 9-11 security, especially given that they have such a tremendous failure rate.

Furthermore, the fact that TSA does actually manage to find a gun now and then, or a shampoo bottle that holds more than 3 oz. is hardly indicative of their utility.

In case you hadn't noticed, this is the USA, and a lot of people here own a lot of guns, and, frankly, the way the TSA trots them out like they're any sort of proof to justify their phoney-baloney jobs is utterly laughable.

The way TSA agents react to the finding of even a single shell casing (or toy gun) like they've just found a case full of plutonium is laughable.

As for actual guns, yeah, people forget that they may have one in a bag, and yet they do it less regularly than TSA forgets about their own protocols for being able to legally fly with firearms.

But, yes, please do continue to justify feeling up toddlers, your posts amuse me. 




 I think it's hilarious that youcompared TSA to actual law enforcement officers who apprehend actual criminals committing actual crimes.

 




 So, what you're saying is that the TSA has stopped exactly zero terrorists, but they have confiscated a list of things you find scawwy, (things that would have been just as easily detected by pre-TSA security) as well as leveled charges against one guy who you expect us to hate because he's a rich douchebag or something.

What's it like being the kind of person that defends a useless federal organization that spends most of it's time finding ways to justify touching children and attractive women?

 




 Is that the book that claims that a Glock can go through a metal detector? 




 Oh, I don't have a problem with people interested in honest debate, but good posts have clearly been nothing but outright trolling for quite some time.  




 Australia, that's the country where the criminals make guns in clandestine machine shops, right?  




 It's a shame you wish to see people dissenters and unable to defend themselves. 

I know people who have successfully used guns in self defense. 

Why do you want to see them dead?  




 About damn time.  




 That stock wouldn't be legal for use in service rifle.  




 The original proposal for instituting the NFA would have made handguns NFA items.

Of course, if handguns are an NFA item, you can't have someone cutting the barrel down on a rifle or shotgun to make it easier to conceal, hence the barrel length requirements.

 




 Even Bota Box is better than yellow tail.  




 I love when they make that argument, frankly, because it means that you've won.

Here, let me explain:

The people who make that argument aren't giving any actual thought to the enormous failures our government would have to suffer for that to happen.

They're essentially unconcerned that for that scenario to play out, the entire Bill of Rights would have to be suspended, along with prohibitions on the military operating on US soil, and a whole host of other things that would have to fail in order for such a confiscation to happen.

What they're focused on isn't the scenario, or whether citizens could successfully fight a military, or anything else.

Rather, they're engaging in a form of public masturbation.

On a visceral level, these people *hate* gun owners. They see gun owners as an impediment to the ability to create a better world.

As a result, they want nothing more than to see gun owners killed.

On top of that, most of the people who make the argument that gun owners can't stand up to the military also hail from the same political viewpoint that has an ardent hatred for the military as well, seeing them as the embodiment of America's crass imperialistic designs.

From where I sit, the people who make this argument don't make it out of any actual practical sense, but engage in it because, frankly, they hate the military and they hate gun owners, and (being too cowardly to take direct action themselves) they would like nothing better than to pit two groups of people they hate against one another.

 




 I'll occasionally do two WODs in a day at my gym. 

Depending on what they morning workout is, I'll usually opt to do something different. 

If the morning WOD was a metcon, I'll focus on strength, or vice-versa. 

The trainers at my gym are good about putting together an alternate workout for me, though sometimes space is a consideration that has to be worked around. 

You'll feel a little self conscious during the workout, but you'll get over it. 









 Avoid Paras. They're cheap because they fall apart.

There's a reason why none of the high level USPSA shooters use them (unless they're sponsored by Para.) 




 Oh,look, he thinks he's still presidential material. 







































 Something about invertebrates killing vertebrates makes me uncomfortable on a truly deep level. 









 Many of the posts there are a great example of the deep-seated psychological anxieties of gun control fans. 

It's really amazing how simple-minded and profoundly fearful they are.  









 If you want to be able to use a firearm for self defense without getting yourself dead or into legal hot water, your very first step should be to get enrolled in one of the NRA training courses that focus on home defense.

To find a list of local training courses, go to this website:
http://www.nrainstructors.org/searchcourse.aspx

Or look up your local gun shops, give them a call, and ask if they offer courses or can recommend a local instructor. 




 Glad you liked it, however, nothing I can possibly say would be worth the spillage of good whiskey!  




 So your solution to end gun violence is to threaten peaceful gun owning citizens with gun violence.  




 No, the mods don't really ban anyone, which is not a policy I agree with. 

I'm all for open discussions with fence-sitters and curious/open-minded anti-gun people, but the toleration of people who have admitted to being here only to troll mystifies me.  









 He really is.

I mean, he sucks at arguing.
He's not creative.
His posts are neither witty, insightful, or relevant.

Yet he keeps coming back, saying stupid things that demonstrate his foolishness.

I suspect he likes to troll because mommy and daddy are too busy to give little extremeftw* the attention he so craves.


*Even his name is a sad little bleat for attention.  




 There's no reason why Bloomberg's people couldn't have hired a group of locals to pull this off.

After all, when you're a multibillionaire, throwing a few thousand bucks at some white trash yokels, plus the cost of a few rifles, is nothing.

That said, until there's evidence to the contrary, I don't think there's a conspiracy here, and these "people" really are that stupid. 




 So your solution to over a century of failed gun control policies is to double down on failure?

What's it like being a loser? 




 We have federal gun control, clearly it's an abject failure. 




 For what it's worth, it was a pleasure reading your posts.  




 And the overall rates of homicide for both the US and Australia are roughly the same and have been trending downwards for the same period of time, which is a pretty clear indicator that whatever has caused a drop in crime in Australia isn't actually the removal of Australia's gun rights.  




 You'd rather be burned alive than shot?  




 Last time I checked, Australian criminals had built quite a decent side business importing illicit guns or constructing them in clandestine machine shops.  




 Cars and booze weren't designed to kill, yet kill far more people than guns, which supposedly are only for killing. 

You'd think that someone who was worried about preventable deaths would be far more concerned with the far higher number of deaths caused by devices that aren't even supposed to be deadly.  




 There are a lot of firearms that don't have manual safeties, e.g. high end target pistols, revolvers, and some striker fired guns like Glocks. 




 In an ideal world, no one would graduate high school without knowing these rules.

It'd be the same as driver's ed or sex ed. 




 Modern guns (with the exception of some rimfires) will stand up to tens of thousands of rounds of dry fire practice before suffering any kind of wear and tear.

All of the best competition shooters swear by dry fire practice, and it's a cheap and easy way to build your skill set.

 




 Dry fire practice is one of the best ways to increase your marksmanship abilities. 

All of the best competition shooters use dry fire and advocate for it as a training aid.  









 Awhile back there was a woman who made three posts about a malevolent creature that showed up.

The description of it was creepy: arms of uneven length, short, large head and skin that looked like it was bruised all over.

The interactions she described were downright terrifying. 














 So since getting interested in supplements, I've been supplementing with Kirkland Brand Fish Oil. The label says the capsules are 1,000mg each.

However, when looking at the nutrition label, it says that each tablet only contains 250 mg of EPA and DHA, and 50 mg of "Other Omega-3 fatty acids."

Examine.com references 250 mg as the minimum dose, and 6 g as being optimal for combatting muscle soreness, etc.

My plan was to kind of hit somewhere in the middle, and get a daily dose of 3 g, but frankly, the idea of swallowing upwards of 12 capsules (in addition to my other supplements) just holds no appeal.

Is there a better brand of fish oil that has a higher amount of EPA/DHA that anyone recommends?

Thanks. 




 It's actually quite relevant. 

I'd like to hear you're justification for some of the gun control laws that you endorse.  




 The conditioning I refer to started in 1994 with the Republican revolution, something that would not have been possible without the massive political backlash resulting from the passage of the Federal Assault Weapon ban.

Bill Clinton, among others, acknowledged that it was the passage of gun control that sank the party in that election.

As a political issue, gun control has been shown to be a consistent loser for the democratic party, and the most ardent prohibitionists have been forced to moderate their tone and stridency. 









 I would say the you're the one with a problem of understanding how the world works. 

Murder and drunk driving both represent actions that in and of themselves are harmful to others.

Gun control laws, on the other hand, tend to treat all people exactly the same, regardless of whether they're a career criminal with a history of violence or an athlete competing in a shooting sport. 

While no one advocates for allowing criminals unfettered  access to guns, you have to be daft to support the kinds of gun control laws that would result in prison time simply because someone puts an adjustable stock on a target rifle or chooses to own a magazine that holds more than an arbitrarily-designated number of rounds.  

In short, the law can only punish people after an act has been committed, which is why laws punishing a murderer are good, and laws punishing someone who hasn't victimised anyone, but owns something you think is scary, are idiotic.  




 Most gun control advocates don't openly talk about confiscation because they've been conditioned, through years of lost elections and public mockery, to avoid using the c-word.  




 Thanks for posting a primary source, I agree that they're preferable. 




 The better example would be the 1911.

What's particularly interesting is his attempt to create categories of acceptable guns vs. unacceptable guns, and its all wrapped in an appeal to antiquity.

 




 Yep. You can verify it via the BATFE web page. 




 Its probably just the one progun puff piece they run per year so they can still claim to be unbiased. 




 NSSF is based there as well.  




 Spoiler:

Lady in the Water didn't have a twist, and that was kind of surprising.  
























 http://www.examiner.com/article/dell-statement-on-school-s-web-blocking-suggests-low-traffic-on-anti-gun-sites


For some reason I couldn't get the link to submit the normal way.  














 I love how Josh Sugarmann comes across in this article. 

He's a fun-hating, finger-wagging, prohibitionist scold who thinks that kids who are winning state and regional level shooting competitions are too stupid to be safe.  














 If they have to add up the numbers from an arbitrarily-picked date range, then you can pretty well be assured they're just trying to scare people.  




 Not creepy, but haunting.  




 This is stupid.  




 Understanding this reference officially makes you old.  




 What about the infertile?

I guess they're just fucked, eh? 




 I had no idea that moving money through a governmental intermediary erased the cost of this policy to a small business owner.

What an amazing economic discovery you've made! 




 Which means he actually is paying for it. 

Unless he's cheating on his taxes.  




 In retrospect, I've never been so effectively trolled by a video game.

It was a complete inversion of what happens in COD, and I almost quit playing at that point before realizing what an awesome commentary had been made.  
























 I would agree. Most of the reporters there probably aren't even aware of their bias, but you really only have to see how they portray organizations like the NRA and compare that to how they portray gun control groups. 

You can also see it in what they choose to cover. 

For example, here's a story they posted about the father of the Santa Barbara rampage killer meeting with the father who gave a speech in favor of gun control after the rampage. 

http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/06/16/322592320/photos-father-of-santa-barbara-killer-meets-victims-dad

Take note of the context, though. 

They didn't do any actual reporting because no NPR reporter was actually present, and the photographs were provided by a communications firm that works with anti-gun advocacy groups. 

Given the context, it's clear that the story isn't a news report in the slightest, but rather the regurgitation of a press release accompanied by some emotionally loaded photos. 
 




 This is the first article NPR head posted that's even somewhat pro-rights in about a year. 

Every other story on guns they post is just yet more drum beating demonizing gun owners and spreading misinformation. 

So either this one somehow managed to sneak through, or it's the rare story they post as top cover so they can claim that they're an impartial news source.  




 Gun buy-ups aren't about effective crime reduction.

From a left-wing perspective there are two advantages to this. 

1.) Good feels and lots of back-patting.
2.) When the buy-up policy ultimately doesn't work, it allows them to claim that the failure was the result of not "going far enough." They can then campaign for stronger gun control laws. 

This is a common theme on the left. Failure of their policies is always going to lead to calls for ever stronger policies which will inevitable fail just as badly, leading to yet more calls for stronger policies, wash, rinse, repeat.  




 I've started taking a combination of supplements and vitamins, and instead of trying to keep track of everything in my head, I'm thinking about creating a spreadsheet of some sort to keep track of my supplement use, dosages, times, and any perceived effects.

Does anyone have any tips, or even a template on how to go about doing this?

 














 Have I mentioned that you're one of my favorite people here? 

Because you are. 

N/H 




 They both believe in having a monopoly on force in order to control the populace. 

 









 So now you're drawing comparisons between the left and WBC? 

Damn, that's harsh.  




 As the old saying goes, if you're taking fire, it's because you're on target.  




 Yeah, that was kind of my first thought, too.  




 In regards to gun control, they sure are. 

:-D 




 Clayton Cramer us a well-recognized 2nd Amendment subject matter expert. 

I find it interesting you don't actually take his arguments to task,increase just resort to name calling.   




 It's the truth, and until they clean up their own house, I will continue to mock them.  









 I log the strength work and WOD. I also keep a page in the back of my notebook for recording 1 Rep maxes.

I don't really log any other stuff like food intake or how I was feeling unless its something unusual. 




 Is it just me or does it seem like Hillary is actively campaigning to lose the presidential election?

I mean, she just keeps saying and doing things that almost seem deliberately designed to piss off anyone to the right of Amy Goodman, which is pretty much the entire country outside of a few metropolitan enclaves. 




 One of the things I love about my CrossFit box is the culture, lots of good people who want to see others succeed no matter their skill level. 

Its alright to be nervous, I certainly was when I first started, but the best way to get passed that is to go get involved with a gym and see how it goes.  




 Wow. 

Maybe try a few sessions with a massage therapist. I've had some good results there as well.

Other than that, I know some people who've reported good results from having dry needling work done, but I don't have any first hand experience there.

I wonder if it's possible there's anything that would help on the nutrition or supplement side of things?  




 Go sign up for some yoga classes. If you can go twice a week, that's great, but I've noticed some improvement just from going once a week.  














 PF is selling the modern equivalent of indulgences.  









 I've got a couple of the blender bottles and they work well, though I don't think they'd be secure enough to put in a backpack, it would be easy for the mouth to be bumped open by other items in the pack. 

In general, I've had really good luck with products made by Contigo, you can jostle them, knock them over, drop them, and they will leak very little, if at all. 

I don't know if they make anything with a blender ball, but it would be worth checking into. 

Costco regularly has Contigo products for sale at decent prices.  


































 I had the same attitude, and only recently began supplementing after doing quite a bit of research on examine.com.

I've been using creatine for about a month now, along with some targeted use of vitamins and minerals (D3, zinc, magnesium, krill oil) and have noticed gains in my ability to complete WODs.

The difference isn't something massive, but I find that in really hard WODs where I have to really dig deep to finish, there's actually something at the bottom to use. 

Frankly, I wish I had started supplementing years ago.  




 The problem is that people like you, or Browning, know what they're talking about.

To the average layman, the term "automatic" is synonymouse with "machine gun" and unfortunately gun control activists have attempted to capitalize on this confusion. 














 This chart was the first hit I found on Tootle.

 http://www.wehealny.org/healthinfo/dietaryfiber/fibercontentchart.html 




 Banned from /rguncontrol?

Go team tolerance! 




 Thanks for this list.  




 As I understand it, there's generally more fiber in a serving off most kinds of fruit than in grains.  




 It could be argued that it wasn't the diet that was responsible for the early deaths of paleolithic man, but rather the fact that medical care was nonexistent, fire was the best killer app we had, food was scarce, and then when it wasn't, your chosen meal was unlikely to cotton to your notions of being dinner.  




 Many of those things you listed are unproven or outright false. 

For instance, if you check the examine.com entry for green coffee bean extract, you'll see that there's very little evidence for it's efficacy, even compared to other herbal supplements that are totes to do the same thing. 

Regardless of whether or not he's shilling for an actual product, he's still willfully endorsing things that are not proven to work in an attempt to build an audience of credulous people and body hid ratings.  




 All the courtroom arguments have been over since April, we're just waiting on the judge to render a decision, which should happen by the end of the year.  









 I hope they find the we linked to them and I hope so odd the mockery in this thread causes them to cry into their pillows.  









 They forgot to include OKC and 9/11. 









 No, Bradley Cooper's character wins in the end, and frankly, it's awesome.  




 Or they'll resort to the use of arson or explosives. 




 Let's see. Magazines have something like four-six parts. Are robust enough to last for years, and are essentially untraceable.

Good luck enforcing that ban, poindexter. 









 So the gun ban hasn't stopped violent crime, but it has stopped a particular kind of event that was so rare there was really only one example of it to start with. 

And to think, all you had to do was have the government steal property from its citizens and strip them off their ability to actually defend themselves! 

What a deal!  









 So what you're saying is that you're on with more people getting stabbed on a daily basis if it makes you feel slightly better about reducing the already minuscule odds of a mass shooting? 

Wow.  









 His tears of rage are so sweet and yummy.  














 I care only insofar as Obama's statement is a concise and perfect way to respond to anyone who claims that "no one wants to take your guns, that's just paranoia."

Sorry, but the President just endorsed confiscation, so it's clear that anyone who claims otherwise is lying.  







































