 Most people outline their book first, but for me, simply writing works better. I let my imagination flow as I write and it works better than thinking every detail and scenes before you actually write it. 
At the end it depends on what works better for you. Try different approaches, good luck!  




 Hey Reddit. First of all, sorry for any English mistakes, I live outside the US.

So about 3 months ago I met this incredible girl online, she sounded perfect for me (though that may be troubling as alot of girls I talk to sound perfect to me). I'm pretty good at having a conversation, and we began talking for hours each day.

After about a few weeks, our topics began to change and become more serious, and I told her things that I never told my best friends that I've known since childhood. She was also pretty good looking and I believed she was my next girlfriend.

The problem begins when I ran out of topics. I don't think that this has anything to do with her, she didn't do anything wrong (in fact she seemed to hold a conversation better than other girls that I've previously talked to), but you probably agree that after having such 'heavy topics' going to casual is simply boring and gives a feeling of disappointment.

**TL;DR: So, today, after not talking with her for a week I told her that I have a girlfriend (which I dont), because I felt like I ran out of serious topics, and falling into 'casual/ boring' talks would simply be a disappointment.**
 By saying this, our 'relationship' is basically terminated.
Do you think I made the right decision? I'm pretty confused because in the past I broke up for silly reasons and I was miserable later.

I'll be happy to hear your guys thoughts. Thanks for reading! 




 Bad descriptions of a 'beautiful' person. 




 Unlimited supply of coffee. 




 Can someone explain why this program is so recommended? What does it offer better than Word or any other writing software?  









 Look at those 2 images:
http://www.wallsave.com/wallpapers/1280x700/creed/990934/creed-movie-assassin-s-ii-select-your-quality-990934.jpg
http://s.wallpaperhere.com/wallpapers/1280x720/20110702/assassins-creed-brotherhood-20101017102243981.jpg

What is the name of those red things on the floor? It apperas as red roses leaves, but I'm not sure. Maybe you know? 




 Sorry for any English mistakes at the title (or here). 
For exmample- This picture shows what I mean:
http://www.lifeofanarchitect.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Paris-June-2010_660.jpg
I mean a word that describes the Eiffel Tower from distance. Thanks (: 




 For all of you, do you read books naturally? I know that for me, and other people who suffer from ADD/ADHD it's difficult to read long novels.  




 I've changed its outline more than ten times including everything possible so I don't know if that's considered as one novel. I began last year, and I'm actually writing a few other novels at the same time so it might take a while to finish. I think that it ended up more of a practice than an actual novel that you can publish. 




 Bravo. 
I've Never heard of those methods before, I'll definitely try tomorrow. By the way, how can you write 2,500-4,000 words? How much hours does it take? 




 So I'm 16 and diagnosed with ADD (Overfocused ADD). It doesnt let me read books or write more than an hour unless I smoke (marijuana), drink (coffee), or take something (Ritalin).
So, if anyone else has ADD/ADHD and has ways of overcoming it without these things, reply below. 
Thanks (: 




 Freddie   Madlib did a pretty nice job (; 




 Don't force yourself to write. It will only make you hate writing, and you don't what that to happen.
After you're in the 'mood' for writing, install a Chrome extension called "StayFocused". It helped me to write and not finding myself stuck in Facebook   Twitter.
If this is the first time you write, you will most certainly find yourself hating your stories. That's the first step every writer goes through, untill they improve (which is why I said that it comes with experience).
Also, put on some music that will help you get into the mood, and drink coffee (if you're serious, google a few tips on how to improve creativity and stay focused). 




 I heard:
Daughter, James (can't remember his full name), and a bunch of other unknown artists, but none of them delivered the same experience as For Emma Forever Ago.
Do you guys know anyone? Even famous bands because I might not know them. 
Thanks (: 









 I have an outline, but I found out that writing without a plan works better for me. I just drink a cup of coffee and type without thinking, I let my imagination flow and it usually works great.  




 I think it comes with experience... Write SOMETHING, and you'll begin to see what works better and what doesn't. There're also many threads about how to to improve writing. 
Good luck!  




 Scenes and descriptions. 




 I have many parts of my story which seem like clichs. How to deal with those? 




 If you don't care about imperfections(unfortunately I do), then I don't see much of a problem. If you do, you should probably imagine the entire scenes in your head before writing so you could describe it easier. 
Good luck!  




 I don't know where to begin.. I only told this today to a friend of mine. The feelings about my grandpa came back to me. I tried not to think about him, and whenever I do it's like I came back to that place in my mind which reminds me of that feeling that hit me. I don't know if the memories I have from him are still true, there aren't many left of those at all. I still remember how I came home from school, I was about 11 years old and I saw you at the kitchen, making your famous Grilled Chilcken, which I used to adore and ran around the house from excietment whenever I smelled it. I didn't say anything special, but went to my room and watched TV. 
The next day, mamma's crying woke me up and later I understood that you died. It was the first time I felt death, and it sucked. A mix of depression and anger, and I didn't know how to react. I had nothing to do, nothing would bring you back. Nothing. When I went to school I was so depressed and escaped it and though about all the memories I had left from you. I said to myself that I would take a bullet to keep you alive, and it was true. Tears, and more tears.. That's all I remember and they are coming back now. It sucks, it's terrible feeling and I never told to anyone about this. It doesn't matter... You were the closest person to my life, and I never told you that. You gave me unconditional love, protected me whenever mamma and dad blamed me for anything and gave me money for toys, and I never returned it to you. I never explained to you how I freaking loved you, never. 
A year later ,I began playing on piano, which is the best thing I do today. Mamma always saying to me how you couldn't hear me play.. You adored Classical Music. 
I'm done, I'm about to cry again like crazy and my sister in the other room, so that's it.
Rest in Peace, Boris.  




 It's awesome! Do you have any more silimar? 




 This one- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bosouX_d8Y 




  They're all good, but they're different. I'm looking for something with piano, something calm with a pleasent voice to hear. Those pieces are a little bit more 'agressive'. As @madcowbomber said, the Requiem is beutiful but it's a different style than the song I mentioned. Another example of somethig similar (it's without a piano, but it's still good. It's from a videogame, but don't mind it): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nso1sJykCX0

 




 They're all good, but they're different. I'm looking for something with piano, something calm with a pleasent voice to hear. Those pieces are a little bit more 'agressive'.
As @madcowbomber said, the Requiem is beutiful but it's a different style than the song I mentioned.
Another example of somethig similar (it's without a piano, but it's still good. It's from a videogame, but don't mind it):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nso1sJykCX0 




 I just listened to Ave Maria, and this beutiful. I'm a big fan of piano music and classical pieces, and I wanted to ask if you know any prayers and masterpieces like this. A playlist would also work (; 




 I just listened to Ave Maria, and this beutiful. I'm a big fan of piano music and classical pieces, and I wanted to ask if you know any prayers and masterpieces like this.
A playlist would also work (; 




 my desktop now. that's amazing.  




 up you bastards 




 up 


































 What should change then? 




 This is mainly my way of expressing pain, however I would like a few suggestions. 
I don't know if I'm a perfectionist or juts... a bad writer. 
Just a brief background about myself: I'm 16, and English isn't my native language. I began writing last year on a novel I had in mind. I've spend hours researching about the topic and elements I could use that will make it better. I really wanted to write, and I became obsessive about it. 
I could see this story so clearly in my mind, but I couldn't put it to paper. I gave up after a few months. 
On April I began writing another story of Fantasy, I've reached 14k words and it seems as an incredible achievement. I was really delightful and I thought I was on track of achieving it. I could already imagine myself as a writer, and finally achievement something I wanted to do. 

Writing a novel wasn't just writing a short-story I could exhibit to my parents. 

Today I finally reviewed my story and discovered that I'm stuck. Again. No matter how much I rewrite, it doesn't come out well.
I don't know if I'm a perfectionist or juts... a bad writer. 

I tried every possible way of becoming more creative. Some of those ways contained smoking/taking something, but it didn't last forever. I don't want to be drugged in order to become a writer, but even that didn't seem to help. 
Any tips/suggestions?
Thanks,
Daniel

TL;DR: I have a terrible writer's block that lasts forever. Should I quit writing? 




 I finished my first three chapters, but last month I reviewed it and said: "Well, I'll just edit this once a little bit."
Now, I can't move forward. What do I do? 
By the way, this is the first time I'm serious about writing a novel. 




 Thanks. 
Grammar is my currently my top priority. However, could you specify on what was boring? Lack of action, non-unintelligible plot or perhaps bad descriptions? 




 Les Brown   Ludovico Einaudi. [Example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWA4uZE3ZMU)
 




 What setting and environment does it have? 
Is it a city, or perhaps a village, and how does it compare to the 'familiar' world? 









 Different writers have different ways of writing. If you feel the process takes long, I'd personally advise you to stop for a while, yet keep the novel within your thoughts. 
Don't just forget it, but continue to think about it throughout the day. Sometimes an idea pops out of just a simple thought. I've experienced many of those moments. 




 Electronics provide the 'easy way'. My characters can only wish for those.  




 Bioshock infinite takes place in 1912, and its environment was an inspiration for one of my novels. It's a videogame, but I suggest you take a look at it. 




 Irrational quote. Worshiping God is as developing skills or the spiritual side of your life. You don't have to admire only what's visible, but nonetheless I'm against destroying nature and other species.   




 She was disappointed in you writing? 
I'm 16 and I also spend a lot of time in front of the computer, mostly writing or 'getting inspiration'. 









 I still haven't told my family, and I'm not sure if I even want to. 
What about you? 




 Thesaurus! Thesaurus! 




 Hey, I really wanted to replay the entire Assassin's Creed series (As all of us), however I want to skip the chit-chat in AC:B they do in the beggining. Does anyone have a savegame of the game at Sequence 2? Thanks. 
(PC) 




 I'm currently editing, however so far I maintained about 800-900 words/day. 




 I hear you brother I'm 16 and diagnosed with ADD, and if that's not enough- English isn't my native language. You can try Ritalin if you have a prescription for it, however I personally hated feeling drugged (other than coffee. Coffee is magical).
Nonetheless, you can write fantasy. I don't know why, but writing imaginary secretions kept me more focused/motivated than other genres. 
Generally, it also comes with experience. Writing is difficult, especially if you have ADD/ADHD however it does becomes interesting, and occasionally addicting.  




 http://i.imgur.com/S7wxzCZ.png
Looks great, certainly easier to read (: 




 Windows 8.1 




 Please add an option to change the font. Other than that, fantastic website.  




 As the title says- which phrase of your story usually ends up as the best? Beginning, middle or the end?  




 Good advice, thank you. 




 I've been writing alot for the past year, however something disturbs me whenever I get an original idea. Is it wrong to write a SciFi novel about a theme that will most certainly provoke several societies (e.g., extreme religion, racism, )? Needless to say that I've no intention of offending anyone. 




 I wrote almost 35k words in my SciFi novel, and I'm beginning to wonder about illustration. I'm an amateur about anything that's related to the 'background' side of writing, and my question is how does illustrations affect a book? 




 'This is amazing! I'm amazing! - JESUS, THAT'S FUCKING TERRIBLE!' 




 I understand all the words I write, but describing without thesaurus seems terrible (I'm a student from Israel, and though I can understand every word an average American would say I can't think of those words by myself). 
Ps, this was written without thesaurus.  




 I need a writing software which has those 2 features:
1. It has thesaurus.
2. It has an app for iPhone. 
Do you know of a recommended program which has those features? Thanks. 




 A similar sound. I know about Ben Howard, he's pretty good. I'll listen to your other suggestions (: 




 Don't worry, I'm writing in Hebrew. 




 This is the most difficult thing to write.. Where do I even begin? Could you perhaps add a few good examples? Thanks. 




 I found this extremely usefull (and interesting indeed)-
http://www.remorselessfiction.com/quotes.html
 




 I want more. Please.  
























 Exactly that. I'd suggest reading Sherlock Holmes for that, there're a lot of long dialogues there.  




 Thank you! Now I understand [Bioshock Ininfite](http://i194.photobucket.com/albums/z7/prettybigguy/Telegram.jpg) better.  




 It depends on the type of music. I generally like relaxing music. Soft Jazz is my favorite. I also chose my playlists depending on the scenes (peaceful scenes, chaotic or just thoughts).  




 I have ADD, so Ritalin helps me to concentrate. I'm not sure if it increases creativity though. However, as one who tried both alcohol and marijuana, I've discovered that it simply makes one think he's creative WHILE writing.  




 Never works.  




 Ah, my beautiful country.  




 In August, goddamn EA with their failed marketing techniques.  




 That's a stupid question. I have an account with SimCity Delux, if anyone's interested in an exchange.  




 Apparently, this is true for Israel. Someone called and said 'I'm kidnapped' (he really was), and the police didn't respond for the next eight hours.   




 I have a few 'missing information' in my novel (mostly about characters). 
This is because my novel is 'a journal' of the protagonist. Therefore he writes for himself, and it makes sense that he won't explain much about what is obvious to him, and it's great for me (the real author) because it keeps some of the details (occasionally important details) in the dark. I think it makes the reader unsure, while he might fill out the details for himself. 
I love it, but I wanted to know your opinions about things like this. Is it more harmful than beneficial?  




 Is there another one besides "Buried At Sea"?  




 I call it 'searching for inspiration'.  




 Thanks for the answer. Perhaps you know the name of his agent? 
P.S. Obviously I don't have any bad intentions. I enjoy his music, and I wanna try my luck in getting in touch with him (not physically).  




 Why? It's not like I'm going to murder the man.  









 I'm doing a research (: 




 How much time did it all take? (All of the drafts) 
Was it easier to write after the first draft? 









 I just noticed that my story contains a fair amount of sentences that begin with- This, That, Then, etc. 
Should I replace them? If so, how?  




 It's not really related, but I'm always wondering- how can the photos be so good and with such high resolution? (Considering this was ancient equipment) 




 I'm from Israel and I prefer writing in English. My English isn't perfect and my grammar is often awkward, but I feel that it's more fluid than Hebrew. Try both, and see what works better. I don't think there's a universal solution for this.  




 Most of them probably did. 




 I found it increasingly difficult to keep my desktop and my .docx stories organized as I continue to write. It is bursting and almost entirely occupied with folders, webpages, and various notes which I suppose will be useful. How do you, writers, keep up with that? 




 I don't think it's possible. Procrastinations happen to everyone, in every field. Especially if you're a writer, and I like to consider myself so. Drugs also help.  




 Hey! Does anybody know an interesting book that contains good descriptions of alluring cities, landscapes or even rooms? It could be fictional.

I read my first book (!!) last month (TFIOS, if you're interested), so I'm open for any suggestions.

Thank you!  




 I can relate. 




 I need more like this.  




 Motivation fades naturally, especially after after getting painful reactions. It's human nature. Especially if you're a beginner. 
Believing that the average writer ALWAYS has motivation to write is simply untrue.
I'm also curious, by the way, why doesn't every writer has the potential to be a great writer? Isn't is a mainly matter of practice? As any other skill?
 




 I have to say I'm actually surprised by the comments. 




 I thought most writers are depressed, i wasn't sure if it's for the better or the worse.  




 Some are actually good and funny. 




 Every writer should be encouraged, doesn't matter if his writing sucks. I'm 16 and I my writing is nowhere near to be considered good. 
If I wanted a review from someone for the first time and he didn't encourage me afterwards, my motivation, just like any other beginner writer, would slowly fade away.  

Every writer has the potential to become an amazing writer, yet without motivation I think it's far less likely.  




 The comments here are disgusting.  
























 Terrible, in my opinion.  




 Try to log out   long into Uplay. May work.  




 For the Playstation Sotre, or what? 




 You can Google for the 1.01 version of this app (.ipa format) and transfer it to your iPhone/iPad.  




 I'm personally a great fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and owned every single game in special edition's, and I confess that some games (especially Black Flag), weren't that great and even terrible. 

However, Unity is absolutely grand. Sure, there're a few FPS drops (On PS4, I don't know how are thing on the PC), and there're a few bugs but overall I found this game amusing and interesting. I can see the amazing work Ubisot has put into this game and honestly, after playing it almost 20 full hours, I simply cannot understand the terrible reviews this game received.

This, in my opinion, outranks Assassin's Creed 2 which I used to consider one of the best action-adventure games ever. I agree with everything said and I think the devs should be praised AT LEAST for the enormous effort they put into this game, even while some may discourage them for the bugs, story etc.  




 Geez, this is so beautiful.  




 Oh yea baby! We're golden!  




 [Johnny Garrett](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Garrett) was probably innocent (he declined to make a last statement though). 




 It makes me feel bad. It's crazy, even with the website that mentioned their last statements, how even such murders seem so human and sympathetic. 
How can someone look at those meals, trying to hang onto every single bite and taste, knowing it's your last. It's something I could never understand.  




 http://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/death_row/dr_info/tignergeraldlast.html

Perhaps it is terrible for me to consider those people human. It makes me wonder how many of those people were actually innocent. I guess that's the worst thing about the death penalty.  




 [PERFECT.](http://pandyland.net/random/?comicid=627380494) 




 http://pandyland.net/random/?comicid=627380494
PERFECT. 









 The 41 Most Jizz-Worthy Codexes Since The Fall Of The Republic. 




 It went smooth (;  




 It feels slightly worse on my iPad Mini 2, so I wanted to know if you also notice a difference. If so, what's your device and how bad is it?  




 Is it dangerous to update if my device is Jailbroken? What will/can happen? 









 Internet.  




 Good luck! I heard that pot isn't that hard to leave off. It's not physical addiction. 




 This experience touched my heart so greatly I had to share it. It was posted in Hebrew, online, yet since I'm an Israeli I decided to translate it and share it with you. 

A few days ago the little one asked for pizza. Fucking pizza. Four or five dollars, depending on whether it is with or without additions. And you try to convince her that we will eat at home and a fried egg is a thousand times more delicious and you will make her a cool face with a cucumber as a nose and a smile of pepper on the plate. But she wants a pizza.
And you try to coax her, because you have looked at the wallet. You have three dollars and twenty cents. Eighty cents are missing to reach one slice of pizza. And you curse yourself for every beggar and a street musician you ever gave your cents when you still had money, and you remember how you allowed yourself indulge a few days before with a mini-croissant at the bakery by the house and it was a croissant that was sold by weight and cost two dollars and a half, and you're flooded with feeling of guilt. With those two dollars and half in your wallet you would buy her the pizza, and even put her additions above it. 
And it is humiliating to think about it. Humiliating that you even grieve yourself over eighty cents, and even more than you don't have eighty cents to buy pizza for the girl. And you already think in your head to perhaps ask the pizza seller to be forgiving on eighty cents and to promise him you will return tomorrow, and plan to take of your parents money at night and then drive to him in the morning and put a whole dollar on the counter and say thanks and keep the change because he was so nice. 
But meanwhile you are with the kids in the middle of the street, and the girl wants pizza. And you explain that you want very much to take them because they were lovely and the best kids in the world, but you don't have money right now (because you didn't really think to ask the pizza seller a discount: to put your problems on him would be exaggerated), and then her older brother tells her: "Daddy doesn't have money for pizza. Let's eat at home. It would be fun, I promise". And he asks you in worried eyes if you don't have money because they have asked too many things in the past, and you say that not at all and force out your strongest laughter, and tell him that it is completely fine to ask and that they are the most wonderful kids and allowed to ask for everything they want and if you can you would give it to them, and with all his syllable you feel you died a little more inside. And you are so happy that they both get to you more or less to the waist and you lift your head and look to the heavens so they won't see the look on your face. And then the little one says "OK", and does not seem to really care. Then she says, "I found a bill of five dollars this week, and I put my pot at mom. Can I give it to you and then you will have money?" And she asks that in the best look and most innocent and sweetest and most meaningful there is and you die even more inside. 
Then thousands of nails being fired at you at once, and digging into the flesh and the heart wishes to explode, and it is hard to breathe because the chest twitches in quick breaths of pre-crying and you swallow and rise your eyes as much as possible until there is no more lids to try to keep help the tears do not escape out of the sides of the eye and feel the tip of the nose begins to leak. And you walk, all three of you on the street, and small hands holding your hands as if you are an island of stability for them, and you feel the exact opposite of island of stability: you are humiliated, because you never occurred to yourself to not have change for pizza when your daughter will ask. Because you never thought would go down the street with two children that one day would understand how much you don't have to give them. How much you cannot provide them with the little pleasure they wanted: something not too expensive. A slice of pizza.

I may translate more if you're interested. For those who're willing to use Google Translate and can't wait, the full story is here:
http://www.ha-makom.co.il/post/avudim-oni?utm_source=socialplat utm_medium=fbpage utm_campaign=avudim-oni 




 This made me hate modern world.  




 This song gets 10/10? Seriously?  




 There will never be nothing better than Sitka Banner.  




 This... actually sounds better than my current plot.  




 Vincent's  




 Well, what if I write the adventures of an academic from the mid-19th century? 




 r/writing doesn't seem to like them very much. But why?
Edit: Sorry, I meant 'why' in the title. 




 Diplomacy with a terrorist organization, whose intentions are to destroy Tel Aviv and to eliminate Israel? 
If diplomacy was ever possible, such actions wouldn't have been required.   




 I can confirm this.  




 This. By the way, do you something like it? Though I think it's kind of a unique album. 




 I love this.  




 Why does this sound familiar to me? 
























