 why are you dragging Chevy Chase into this? 




 they also make a beer gut one  




 ahhh that's nasty" -Chuck E 




 obviously one of his new suits  




 Obama? Romney? You deserve better. Why not Zoidberg? 




 pretty sure this is him 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bhuYIr1J1zc 




 I heard you like peckers. So I put a pecker on your pecker. 




 move to the ocean, have you not taken a look at it? you can't see the land under all the damn blue pinpoints 




 he looks like a butchered watermelon 









 would've been quite the head on collision  




 what else are you supposed to do when you get denied after a night of butt-chugging? 




 go home leg. you're drunk. 




 "which would be the most fun"* 




 looks like obese tina fey 




 i had to discount double check this one to make sure it wasn't Aaron Rodgers  




 racism...lol 




 bet that story was legen...hope you're not lactose intolerant...dary 




 no tits. what a shame 




 all four years 




 black people 
























 a grape with an unfortunate case of elephantitis 




 definitely Andrew Zimmerman from Travel Channel haha 




 god dammit nic cage 









 Chupacabraj* 




 he's a popsicle 




 "He has to play it as it lies, Doug. I had to play it off of bigfoot's foot" -Shooter McGavin 




 that baby obviously didn't want to be on Japan's version of 16 and pregnant 




 Atlanta aquarium  




 go to an aquarium stoned. one of the best days you'll have. 




 "ahh fuuuuuck" -guy flipping in air  




 this is all i see
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/077/Raisins_Face.jpg 




 maybe the placement of the *caution* warning? 




 sometimes it feels good to just pee your pants 




 still smarter than the entire cast of Jersey Shore put together 




 how is M Night Shyamalan supposed to make a bad movie with a huge twist in such a tight squeeze? 




 wee-man's balls are too cute  




 about to eat a sloppy joe. i swear if i get a fingernail  




 Faces...what r u doin...faces...stahp!!! 









 too bad the lakers have lost 11 straight including preseason  
























 exactly what it's like at Campises in Dallas
 









 Hotty Toddy! 




 Snakon 




 anyone else read that with the voice of Bruce from family guy in their head 




 not to sound like an idiot but he is in his grave still promoting stuff? 




 definitely looks like Chuckie when he squeezes the face in  




 looks like a mix of cam newton and rg3  




 I am starting to see the whole Deb poisoning herself theory to be true. Yes, Dexter found a blonde hair in the bathroom, but does anyone not remember the kids staying over at Deb's place because of Isaak being after him. The hair could of easily been Harrison's, but helped Dexter believe it truly was Hannah attempting to poison Deb. just saying 




 Normal people can see a horse, geniuses can see a frog, but everyone will see Sarah Jessica Parker 









 I feel bad for the gangloff picture...no one points it out  




 meow means meow 




 fail
 




 Got Milk! 




 if you look into his eyes he slowly turns into Morgan Freeman 




 Roll tide  




 PCP it's dynamite 




 deyyy toook arrrr jobbbsss 




 all I can think is Puff Daddy missing Biggie and Jesus seeing him  




 my bad 
























 tits or gtfo 




 goodbye kitty 




 oh bo 




 9/10 would bang  




 national beer of texas  




 http://a3.ec-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/121/54f575314b564a309b2f90cb1036e7af/l.jpg 




 represent the big D 




 mind blown 




 must be painful  









 uhhh...you're home early 









 Ap chemistry bitch 




 Snatch is an awesome movie  




 all he is thinking at that point is, "fuck da police" 









 American here. You're 110% correct. 




 this would be a pretty good "when you see it...or them" 




 send him to Maury 




 probably painted when we were in god damn 'Nam 





























