 do your own poli-sci homework 




 nonstop banging anna faris id look like an extra in unbroken 




 # 2 pornstar lezley zen 

http://image.way2enjoy.com/pic/25/91/44/9/600full-lezley-zen.jpg
 




 soo... does that count as sex? 




 fine ill do it: 

http://gifsound.com/?gif=i.imgur.com/bPIvD.gif v=vjaRf5_edeE 




 someone needs to r/gifsound this asap 




 the first one is a dude's 









 fuck everything 




 so dtk 














 anyone else think cum glazed re-entry should have its own sub? 




 i win 




 http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1940610510 




 Rachel roxxx 




 The girl with the penis in her butt is Jennifer White. 




 That's cool...until he has to go literally anywhere else where all the rocks don't coincidentally look exactly like his camouflage. 









 I disagree because when I hold back I end up jizzing a lot more at the end and as we all know a gallon of jizz on a girls face is way more likely to get her pregnant than just a few pathetic ropes. 









 A) I don't watch porn in the shower I watch it at work, while I drive, when I'm on the toilet, when I'm in bed and when I'm watching TV and when I'm sitting on my porch.

B) I don't watch dicks but its hard to watch straight porn without noticing the main supporting actor just smashing away at the female lead.

C) I do watch dicks, dicks are awesome. 














 Its the elusive Janitor's Seal 




 Source as fuck? 


































 Its a Quatto! 









 A hand 




 manny's crew looks like every guy ive ever seen at costco ever 




 Smokey and Sebastian Bach 




 The porta-potty analog to the similar indoor seat up / blue water phenomenon; the elusive Janitor's Seal. 




 Disagree; shame is an excellent motivator. The light weights should be comically tiny and have pink vaginas painted all over them. 




 This was "Simply the Best" tifu today, little bro. 




 Its a great opportunity to give high school students a taste of the real world, where popularity is everything, a lucky few succeed, and everyone else watches from the piss-soaked streets below as the top 1% revel in their own wealth and glory. 



















 The human race is bored. 




 A bot *that's* going to be doing cool stuff. Not who. Nice try, human. 




 "fuck what was that!?" every 30 seconds, for 8 hours a night. 




 because of internet/pirating duh 









 the big tube running along the bottom of his penis is bigger than my actual whole penis 




 white guy, black dick 









 Pornstar doppelganger; Esperanza Gomez. You're welcome. 




 dude clear your status bar
 














 was waiting for this:
http://cdn.gifbay.com/2013/10/ace_ventura_first_raccoon_scene-93398.gif
 




 just think about how hot she'll be when she gets to high school 







































 My buddy just bought a Ford Raptor 4-door because he "has to move big boxes sometimes". 




 Pardon 




 Leia: "I love you."
Han: "I know." 




 The Timeless Art of Seduction 




 I'd let her pull my nuts out of a block of ice. 




 Salt is the opposite of pepper and squirrels are the opposite of chipmunks. 




 And then your high horse breaks down on the way home and you freeze to death in the unforgiving cold in the land that the sun forgot. 




 Fun fact: all Pekingese have a similar yawn button located on either side of their face just inside the hinge of their jaw. 




 Pugs are the dog version of oversized sweatpants. 




 If I was a surfer I'd be insulted by this title. If I was a paddle boarder I'd be stoked, then I'd kill myself because paddle boarding is so lame and embarrassing.  




 I don't know what's more entertaining; the dialogue or the musical transitions between camera angle switches. 














 I disagree I think its way more unrealistic that super babe/Bond villainXenia Zaragevna Onatopp would marry a half-rate piece of shit Jedi who's only claim to fame aside from getting s3riously pwned by Darth Maul was being Galactic dickead Count Dooku's fuckin' apprentice. 









 So is corn not edible? Cause that shit just flies out the other end intact. 









 A bunch of guys just got paid millions of dollars to stand around and play catch. 




 Baseball is really exciting. 




 Dyslexic be to like looks it what. 




 Modern day shrimp gun shoots shrimp at 130km/h 




 Lateralus 




 Welcome to hell 




 Straight men be trynna convert dem bitches 
























 Fat is the new skinny, skinny is the new normal, normal is the new fat, and this chick is fucking gross looking. 




 People shouldn't burn people. 




 Throbbin' Wood 




 "Hey, a bunch of redditors told me to say this:..." 




 Stark Industries does it again. 




 I hope he said "have a seat" in his best Arnold voice. 




 Vsauce does a whole video about this:

Why Do We Have Two Nostrils?: https://youtu.be/eiAx2kqmUpQ 




 I dunno I think its fucking hilarious. 




 Will someone please start having actual sex with Japanese guys so all this stuff goes away. 




 What's the difference between a 1s and a 59s?nothing, they're both disgusting festering pressers. 




 Ever wonder what the dice feel like in the game Boggle? 




 Someone edit out the light pole. 




 Are you serious? Source? 




 That's why they should make it harder for tigers to get into the Dumb Fuckin Idiot enclosure. 




 What if God was one of us?
Just a slob like one of us?
Just a stranger on the bus?
...Or couch...
...wearing a Hitler shirt. 




 I wasn't freaked out before I existed, I can't imagine why I'd be freaked out about after. 




 I don't get it; I could still easily stick a cucumber up my ass with that thing on. 




 Put it back and quit whining. 




 Neither; a Chipotle on Coronado. 




 Many people on /r/atheism would argue that you're just as much god/loser as Jesus was. 




 Anyone else imagining him laughing the whole time? 




 Make him watch ISIS beheading videos, and when he asks "why?", you answer " because religion". 




 1. Religion
2. "No hook ups!"
3. Pictures with friends
4. Cats
5. Cigarettes
6. Paleo
7. Crossfit
8. Vegan
9. Name I can't pronounce
10. Name I wouldn't want to say out loud in public
11. Excessive pink colored clothing
12. Moles larger than a pencil eraser
13. Too much makeup
14. Weird looking neck
15. Duckface
16. Sepia filter
17. Hash tags
18. Country music
19. Dallas Cowboys
20. Ties to al Qaeda / IS / Taliban / Hezbollah
21. Nipples larger than a half dollar
22. No nipples
23. A guy
24. Picture with boyfriend or any guy
25. Robot
26. Lefties
27. Pigeon toed
28. HIV+
29. Visible herpes sores
30. Non-visible herpes sores
31. Quotes from any Tyler Perry movie

Edit: OK I'm catching a lot of heat about the lefties thing; the bottom line is that when a lefty writes with a quill, they tend to smear the undried ink with their hand as they write, and that is a huge bonerkill for me. Deal breaker. 




 I've always heard that dogs were colorblind, but this confirms it. 







































