 Common - The Light 









 'I threw a barbecue when Reagan died,' he says. 'Straight the fuck up-a Reagan's Dead Barbecue. Kept it negro as a  motherfucker.' Awsome. http://www.villagevoice.com/2012-05-16/music/el-p-and-killer-mike-survivors/ 




 This exhibit is in St. Louis now. They have the TNG bridge and a transporter pad as well. 




 The R.A. verse is great and Stoup did an amazing job as always. But man Vinnie Paz is clumsy. 




 This doesn't really answer your question but it was the first thing i thought of when i read it. http://hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/2906.html 
If it sounds like something you want to dig into further i can email you the the paper in a .pdf   









 I feel the way every time i hear someone talking about the Constitution and original intent. 




 I read an interview with Frank Zane a while back. He talked how he would always look in the mirror and see something else to work on and improve, never being satisfied. This is a guy who had what is widely considered one of the most developed physiques of all time, was at the top of the bodybuilding world, and he was never really comfortable with his body even in his prime. Yeah, thats something that can keep you driven in that kind of competitive environment but there is also something really dysfunctional about it.  I think about that sometimes to keep things in perspective.  




 My first thought when i saw this. http://i.imgur.com/uJdJ3.jpg 




 I just figured they moved it to http://nation.foxnews.com/ 




 Torres defense is bullshit.  He may have lined that hit up while Hossa had possession but after the poke check Hossa had time to turn, locate the puck, and take 2 strides. You cant tell me Torres didnt have time to try and avoid contact.  It was late and he clearly launched himself.  Torres was a dirtbag with Vancouver and hes a dirtbag now.

The right rules are in place to stop hits like this. The refs and the league should be embarrassed that there was no call.
 




 Hes articulating something I think about fairly regularly. Im not a Christian, Im not an atheist either. I consider myself more of a Panenthiest but I sympathize with a lot of the arguments that are made by atheists. However, I have a real problem with the way a lot of atheists approach religious people or religion in general as if there are no distinctions to be made between a everyday religious belief and the most egregious examples of fundamentalist insanity.
 




 great awareness by Perron to extend the leg and stay on side 




 That fucking trumpet needs to vanish forever. 




 See you guys at the game tonight. GO BLUES! 




 The Blues? National press love? I Dont believe it. 




 Google the headline of any WSJ article to bypass the paywall. 



















 That Burgland, Andy Mac, Perron line is fuckin beast. Still anxious to get Steen and Dags back.  




 Points for coming out and saying it instead of bullshit pseudoscience I guess. 




 Garth is probably right on this.  Start building muscle first. Take your time and get your routine sorted out. The added muscle will increase your at rest metabolism and make it easier to shed the fat over the long term. Do all the little things that boost your metabolism and get the fat burning going while you are getting bigger. Drink tons of water, eat small high protein meals every 2 to 3 hours, cardio in the morning if possible.  









 Ill throw down a hundy that says natural causes is a euphemism for in his closet, dick in hand, surrounded by pictures of Reagan, with an extension cord around his neck like David Carradine. 




 Ebionites. Couldnt think of it earlier. They were early Christians who insisted that Jesus was just a man. The messiah, but just a man. 




 The synoptics are also propagandistic, written by men familiar with Jewish scripture to convince Jewish communities of the day that Jesus was the promised messiah. Performing wonders, especially wonders associated with classic Jewish symbols of divine authority fits with that idea. Saying that performing wonders means Jesus was God still seems like a leap to me. While Jesus was certainly an apocalyptic preacher and taught of an impending judgment by the son of man it is not until the later gospels that  he claims to be this figure. There was an enormous amount of diversity of opinion in the early Christian world as to the nature of Jesus.  Just as a couple examples, some Gnostic communities believed Jesus and the Christ to be two wholly separate entities where Jesus was simply a temporary vessel for this divine spirit which abandoned him at the crucifixion causing him to cry out father why have you forsaken me. Others believed Jesus became the Christ only at his crucifixion. Others, somewhat later, said it was at his baptism. Still later, he was born the Christ.  There is a theological progression in the ancient texts building toward the idea of Jesus as man and God. But it is not fully articulated until nearly a century after his death and not settled as a point of dispute between Christian communities until several centuries after that(if it has truly been settled at all). Start with the earliest Gospel Mark, then Mathew, then Luke, then John and read them horizontally, the progression becomes quite pronounced. 




 How about Mathew, Mark and Luke? We dont get any explicit references to the divinity of Jesus until John which was written much later. And just to clarify Im not saying that they state he was not divine, Im just saying that they dont say that he WAS divine. It just seems like a pretty important point to omit given the centrality of the claim to later Christian beliefs.  




 Fighting helps the game police itself. I actually think the leagues crack down on fighting has contributed to the rise in concussions. Whats a 2 minute sit down next to having your ass kicked? 


































 Oh, you 




 One of my favorite tony twist moments, I dont remember the year but Its opening game of the season. The Blues win 1 zip over the Sabers on the strength of goal that goes in off of Tony Twists skate.  Post game interview Tony gets asked, how does it feel to be the top scorer on the team? Youre on a pace to score 82 goals! 
 




 Keenan. Not a player i know but... Fuck Keenan.  




 http://i.imgur.com/Rc2uK.gif 




 they're delicious. 









 I don't know if i would say it's better in terms of pure production but it's up there and it's certainly a more complete overall record. 




 Dunno if you've checked out the new Killer Mike record but in my mind it's probably the best work that El-P has ever done. 




 Factory 81 




 I wouldn't hold my breath for later this year but Del and Dan the Automator do release updates from time to time. They are working on it. 




 My brother lives in a building nearby and sent me these.
http://i.imgur.com/uzaCoh.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/1zJeoh.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/sb7XD.jpg 




 Prometheus Bound 









 *ahem* http://i.imgur.com/ja5yV.jpg
 




 word. he can be injured on Detroit's payroll.  




 I thought it was Michelle Wie

 




 He'll always be Carcetti to me 









 *lightbulb* man, I cant believe I forgot about EGM 




 Yeah, totally thought it was Kyle Gass 









 it was a dark time 




 The clown Jerseys? yeah, god awful. 




 missing this one http://i.imgur.com/HybSZ.jpg 




 God those trumpet jerseys were bad.  When I hear ugly jersey the 78-84 Canucks jerseys are the first to come to mind. http://i.imgur.com/TSYDl.jpg 
 




 he who must not be named 




 upvote for the deadwood gif. 









 I see it as a cultural construct; a place to put the others who dont belong.  Hell was invented by people who were very sure they were not going there.

Unless you're willing to accept double predestination I don't think you can reconcile the christian concept of grace with the existence of hell. The Biblical support for the idea of hell is dicey at best. 




 City Museum. http://citymuseum.org 
























 307 for us. Look for the big hammered guy in the Brock Sampson shirt. GO BLUES! 




 represent 




 what the fuck is happening with that woman in the back? 




 I've been waiting for this to make its appearance as a gif. Thank you! 




 On the xbox you can switch between the home and away feed. I don't know if apps on other devices can do the same but it might be worth looking into.
I'm in market but don't have cable so I've been using a vpn and sharing that connection with my xbox to watch games all season. 




 No. The surgery went well and he is recovering. He is back at work actually. 




 St. Louis, MO 




 yeah, he was in shock 




 6 or 7 months ago 




 I wouldn't say it's compelling but i always found Anselm's ontological argument interesting.  It's intellectual slight of hand but kind of fun in a way. To me it seems like the Christian version of the Tao Te Ching's "the Tao that can be named is not the eternal Tao"

http://www.princeton.edu/~grosen/puc/phi203/ontological.html 




 A guy i know went to Sky Zone indoor trampoline park. I guess Its all fun and games until your break your fucking foot off.  

His brother sent me this right after.  The connective tissue didn't even break it all just wrapped around to the side.

Edit: Removed extraneous detail for clarity.  









 Blows me away every time i see it. SO dirty. 




 outstanding 




 worse = better 




 Its been 300 years since a dire wolf has been seen south of the wall... 




 fucking NBC http://i.imgur.com/qeUxngp.jpg 




 JAX JAX JAX 




 I hope you get murdered by your Muslim family for expressing yourself. 




 Fingers crossed for a Steen intermission interview. He has no time for bullshit when hes in game mode. 




 STAG 




 "1) Are all American war dead heroic because, if nothing else, they had the courage to volunteer for service knowing they might ultimately give their life for their country? That seems heroic to me. But if they're all heroes, does it follow that everyone in the military is a hero? Why is dying necessary? And if everyone who volunteers is a hero, what about the guys who would go AWOL if sent to fight, or who assault their commanding officer, or who run away in combat? What about the ones who are dishonorably discharged? Was Bradley Manning a hero? Had Lynndie England died in Iraq, would she have been a hero? 

2) What about people who volunteer for foreign armed forces? Are they all heroic? Or does it depend upon their country? If an American helping to liberate Libya would've been a hero had he died in action, shouldn't the Germans from NATO engaged in the same conflict be heroes too? What about the Islamic fundamentalists fighting alongside NATO? Heroes?  

3) What about the morality of the cause? Does anyone think brave Nazi soldiers during the World War II era were heroes? How about the soldiers in Stalin's army? Does the nature of the mission matter, so that a Soviet soldier who died liberating a death camp was a hero, whereas another who died while ravaging German civilians he was ordered to take revenge upon isn't? There's this reality to confront: if bestowing the title hero has nothing to do with the rightness or wrongness of the cause or mission, we'll have to grant the honorific to individuals who took part in deeply immoral acts... and yet, if the mission does matter, do we really want to deny the heroism of a GI who jumped on a grenade to save his platoon, even if we think the platoon's presence in country X was immoral? It's a confounding choice. 

4) Speaking of jumping on grenades, isn't "hero" often invoked in common parlance as if it means even more than serving and dying? For example, when we hear someone described as "a World War II hero," don't we expect that he did more than fall overboard and drown en route to the D-Day invasion? Don't we assume from that adjective that he undertook some dangerous mission, or distinguished himself in combat, like the younger Bailey brother in It's a Wonderful Life? Were the average American to watch From Here to Eternity, would he or she call Robert E. Lee Prewitt a hero?

5) And say, for the sake of argument, that all American war dead are heroes, strictly defined, but that the word and its emotional resonance is being manipulated by advocates of an imprudent war. Is it better to give soldiers an honorific they deserve, consequences be damned, or to withhold an honorific they deserve to prevent future soldiers from needlessly dying?"

Taken from In Defense of Chris Hayes by Conor Friedersdorf following the dust up over Hayes' "I'm uncomfortable with the word hero" remarks on memorial day of last year.
http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2012/05/in-defense-of-chris-hayes/257744/ 




 That's the Calvinist doctrine of double predestination. I believe the Presbyterians were the last main line denomination to abandon it and that was a hundred years ago.  




 Rooooooooooob!!!!! 




 this gif just made this entire sub worth it. 









 Not just dying off, theyre the primary drivers of the very spending growth and budget deficits the GOP runs against every election cycle. Its kind of crazy. 









 where are the thigh high Spockings? 




 you just wrinkled my brain 




 Can I get one of these that says Fuck you Catelyn Stark?" 
























 my brain hurts 




 sexual assault is hilarious  




 The size of the debt only has meaning relative to the size of the economy.  Citing the debt number outside of that context is dishonest.  




 I would shit my pants 




 I totally agree with the general sentiment here; but in the writers defense, doesn't Detroit derive most of it's notoriety from being a shit hole? 









 Aaaaaand now I'm weirded out by all the Belleville redditors.  




 Religions are cultural linguistic expressions of our ancestors view of the human condition; what it is to be born and grow from childhood to adolescence to adulthood; to enter old age and die.  They are mechanisms through which wisdom traditions gain traction in and are transmitted through history.  A wisdom tradition is concerned with how should we live?  This is a question that science does not ask and cannot answer.   




 First, Term limits are just as likely to remove someone competent as they are to remove someone incompetent(honest as corrupt, etc).  

Second, Parliamentary bodies like congress have enormously complex procedural structures that lawmakers have to navigate to accomplish anything that want to accomplish.  Its inefficient, but its the nature of the beast. By term limiting out long time legislators you remove the people who maintain the bodys institutional memory. Which is to say that you get rid of the people who know how to do stuff.  New legislators will need to know how to do stuff so they will turn to those people outside the institutional body who are not term limited who know how the body works.  So you are actually conferring more power to Lobbyists and special interest groups over the legislative process. 

Last, by creating a set amount of time that someone can serve you remove the incentive for lawmakers to develop long term relationships and further polarize the body, making it more combative and generally less likely for that body achieve a compromise. 

The goal has to be getting *better* legislators. Term limits just get us *different* legislators.
 




 Wore JNCOs... I feel shame 




 Only according to your arbitrary definition of what constitutes divine revelation.  Outside of that narrow view your litmus test is useless.  Its not as if there is one universally agreed upon approach to which all faith traditions adhere.  

Fundamentalists make up a solid percentage of practicing Christians in the united states but they only represent a tiny sliver of Christian thought. The theological implications of divine revelation are broad and vary greatly across history, communities and individuals.  To simply assume that divine revelation must mean that one would have knowledge of the physical universe unavailable otherwise is shortsighted and intellectually dishonest. Just check out the revelation [Wiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revelation). That just a small sampling and here is no shortage of approaches.

I wouldnt say Im convinced of atheism  Im agnostic. Im really comfortable saying I dont know. Agnosticism seems to me like the honest neutral position. The atheist insistence that one must find evidence in the natural world for the super natural strikes me as a self-refuting.  




 Claims of divine revelation or divine inspiration dont necessitate the expectation of scientific accuracy. It sounds like you are referring to biblical literalism or biblical inerrancy which are a completely different.  

Look, You don't have to argue like Pat Robertson is across the table from you.  Im not even Christian. I dont think the bible is divine anything, I think its an entirely human product. It tells us what our spiritual ancestors thought not what god thinks. 

At the risk of being overly broad and simplistic, it breaks down like this. There are two basic understandings of contemporary Christianity. Call them liberal and conservative for lack of better vocabulary. Both are the result of Christianitys collision with the enlightenment.   One is a defensive rejection of enlightenment knowledge (conservative), the other is a discerning integration of enlightenment knowledge(liberal). But its important to realize that both understandings are recent. Phrases like literally true or biblical inerrancy arent first uttered until the second half of 1600s and didnt become common until the 1800s.  

The idea that its dishonest for beliefs held by the community, literal or otherwise, to change based on new information is just ridiculous. To what other belief system would we apply such a standard? Why would we expect Christianity or its theology to be static? They dont exist in a vacuum, they are dynamic,  they grow and evolve and respond to history. Of course some literally held beliefs have been cast aside. Others have been invented from practically nothing (Trinity anyone?)This is the nature of ideas, the nature of culture and language.  That doesnt invalidate the entire tradition.

Look, I think the fundamentalist need to press their faith into sciences conceptual mold so that they can walk around with some  self deceived certainty about god and the universe diminishes their own tradition and is destructive to society. Yeah, ancient people believed stuff we know to be wrong (if only they had the benefit of your 17 years on the earth -just a guess-) Yeah some people, out of some sense of obligation to what they think they are supposed to believe about the bible or pure good ole fashioned stupidity, still believe some of those same things.  

Im not sure everyone gets it, maybe cry about it some more.
 




 I dont need a get out of disproof free card if proof in the scientific sense is not a standard to which I aspire.   An ancient cultures pre-scientific cosmology isnt correct so? Why would we expect it to be? And unless someone is using that as the basis for a public policy argument -in which case I will stand right beside you as we tell them to fuck off- why should we care?

BTW Genealogies are incredibly common in oral traditions. Usually as a way of keeping a family or tribal history but often as a way to confer or denote authority to a particular figure in a narrative.

Did you read Ops link? The kind of debate you are trying to engage in is part of what its talking about.
 




 I sympathize with alot of the arguments made by new-atheists but it feels like they are stuck on a single plane. I want to engage but it all seems so conceptually shallow I just end up whistling right passed. 
"metaphors aren't true therefore they are lies" and it kind of stops there. 




 You're right about this. Thanks for this thread. 




 word. The lack of conceptual depth in this thread is embarrassing.  




 all time favorite Blues jerseys 




 John Riggins  




 Just went on a road trip and found myself listening to Lost from beginning to end and wondering the same. 




 so crazy it just might work 




 what else do they have to remember? 




 I just think King spends so much time in the characters head that it makes it really tough to communicate all the important parts of a story visually. Which is probably why Shawshank is arguably the best King adaptation;  It's not terribly long and there is a narrator.    

Apart from that can we just say, "do whatever Frank Darabont does."  




    My experience tells me that the average person and redditor only gets half the facts, half correct (both theists and atheists) because s/he doesn't bother too much on reading about them. That's why it's common to find fundamentalists refusing to "believe that we descend from monkeys" and many atheists half-assessing the ideas that inspired religious thought.    

I think its more than just ignorance.   I think a lot of atheists fall into the same kinds of fundamentalisms as the religious.  I know the defense but atheism is the absence of belief, we cant be fundamentalist. True enough if someone is just an atheist. But once you move beyond the absence of a belief into declaring an affirmative vision of the universe I know the true nature of reality then youre a Naturalist, Scientist, Materialist, etc. As such you can fall prey to the same structurally flawed kinds of assumptions usually associated with religious fundamentalism. 
Some of the questions from OP are truly Large Conceptual Stuff and have been around for centuries (what is god? What is his relation to the universe? Is it embedded in its creation? Does it "embue" his creation with divinity? With purpose?...). I get why concepts like these are hard to get and very easily misunderstood, but anyone who claims to be a (free-)thinker worth his value, owes to himself to read and understand many points of view before arriving to any kind of conclusion

Agreed. Are you familiar with Joseph Campbell? He who thinks he knows, doesn't know. He who knows that he doesn't know, knows. For in this context, to know is not to know. And not to know is to know.   




 Good call. omnipresence and a pantheistic god aren't the same thing

My experience on reddit has been that a lot of atheists have a hard time with the larger conceptual stuff.  My guess is that its because they spend so much time focused on the superficial anthropomorphized god of fundamentalists. 

 




 I'm 3 years into my routine and my wife is still on the couch.   I'm in the best shape I've ever been in and she's enthusiastic about what I've been able to accomplish but can't seem to do it for herself. I've done everything I can think of to help her but I can't go to the gym for her. 




 I thought Frank Muller's stuff was fantastic. I really enjoyed William Hurt's Hearts in Atlantis 




 I had to look twice because at a glance I totally thought it was Michael Jackson. 




 He's so good and yet i still wish someone would break his face again. 




 Picking some hyper literalist branch of Christianity and arguing from their view is a cop out.  If its the divinity that you cant stomach then cut it out all together.   Think about it Christianity  as a sociological phenomenon and start there.  
All religions are  born out cultural linguistic traditions. If they are around long enough they become cultural linguistic traditions unto themselves.  In philosophy a wisdom tradition is concerned with how should we live? Religions are the vehicle through which wisdom traditions gain traction in history. Theyre steeped in cultural symbols and metaphor. Who needs god?  There are bible scholars who use the same  historical critical method that academic historians use. Some of them Christian but many of them secular academics. Marcus Borg and the Jesus Seminar are the first that come to mind.  But John Dominic Crossan is another, Bart Ehrman, etc. 

You can do this is a way that applies critical analysis. 
 




 Steen is my favorite interview on the team. Give him his own show where people ask him things and hes blunt as fuck 




 BROWN IS UGLY!  
























