 When I'm playing and I level up, I always click the little box to upgrade a skill. However, I was watching a video today and it didn't look like the guy playing clicked on the box to level his skill up. Is there a keyboard shortcut for this? Thanks (: 




 Exact same thing happened to me, i sent a ticket in, but they take forever to answer so i don't know what they'll do 




 I completely agree. The Capital Wasteland was amazing and just filled with a good looking and somewhat unique environment. New Vegas was kinda bland with that. It was basically miles upon miles of nothingness with a few towns and caves scattered. Nothing like Fallout 3. I think there were more locations in DC alone that the entire Mojave desert 




 Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going to go for now. I didn't even think of all of that, plus with my friends being able to play ranked they'd probably ask me to play too and screw my elo up early on 




 Thanks, I'm definitely glad I asked here first (:
 




 Well I generally only play a game every day or two so I figured getting one based on days would be a waste. But thanks (:
 




 Well I just got some RP for the new TF skin, and I have enough left over for either a 10 win XP boost or the 4 win IP boost. I'm only level 19 since I don't play too much, so the xp is pretty useful. Anybody wanna help me out here? Because I really don't know what to get. 




 Definitely the most useful thing out there so far. Thanks (: 




 That just sounds amazing actually 




 I hope so
 




 Wasteland 2? Never heard of that one. How is it? 




 I seriously hope they give us something 




 Damn, this is going to be a bitch of a wait 




 Has there been any information released about the next Fallout game? I know there's all these rumors about in being in Boston, but has there been any solid information given about it yet? 




 YES! 




 You beat me to it! 




 Sounds about right XD 




 fuck bitches get money 




 DHAB  FBGM 




 corporate espionage  




 [answer] (/spanumbrella) 




 Fuck that episode. Fuck everything about it. 




 King of Prussia lego store?
 




 This was used in the SA forums when they created Slenderman. About a quarter of the way through page 10

http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3150591 userid=0 perpage=40 pagenumber=10 
























 I've never even heard of own3d, but I'll have to check it out when I get a chance. Thanks 




 What did you use for streams, twitch.tv? 




 I know what you mean about the game mechanics, because that's where I'm at now. I just suck at the champions xD 




 Oh, I try that. A lot. And since I have so much free time I basically get a good understanding of the champs in a week from all the games I play. For example, I bought Rumble when he was on sale a few weeks ago. First few games sucks until I really figured him out, and then out of nowhere I started getting games where I could go 24/7/9 (which is a billion times better than usual). But after about 4 games of that I started declining again until he was just like any other champ that I would play. Although I'm sure there is a champ that I'd be able to be good at, I also don't have the patients for it. When I do bad I tend to get demoralized pretty quickly to where I just stop trying to play whoever it is. And after writing all that, I'm realizing my problem. I'm not patient enough to do this champion roulette. I just need to extend my patients for a while until I solve it. Thank you mystery summoner, I think you just indirectly solved my problem for me.

TL;DR- I'm not patient enough and I need to work on it. Thank you. 




 Any idea on how I do that without getting flamed at every game? 




 Well /r/leagueoflegends, I've been coming to you for most of my LoL questions for a while now, and I have another. I've been playing LoL for a year or two now. In that time I've extensively tried every position and a large portion of the champs, and still can't find anything I'm good at. I'm not horrible anywhere, but not good enough to consider it to be my thing. Should I just give up at this point? Because I don't really see any options when it comes to laning positions and champs 




 Not to mention his ability to summon fruit. You'd never go hungry. 




 I probably end up getting the armor pen then for harassing, thanks for that 




 so do you think I should grab armor pen runes? 




 Oh wow, This is great actually, and it's from two days ago. Thank you so much 




 I actually went on there a little bit ago, but I really didn't know how to navigate through. I'll go check that stream now though, thanks 




 Hey guys, I have a few questions. Well I usually play a solo top bruiser, and I was thinking about going for Renekton. So first of all, is he a viable top lane champ? I know loads of champs are pointless these days, so I figure I should know that before I get him. If I do though, is there anything I really need to know to play him successfully? I've looked at his moves and everything, and I know that having over 50 fury gives them special effects, but is there anything else about him that separates him from the other bruisers? And finally, is there any certain item(s) that I definitely need to get? I know some champs have items that mesh perfectly with their moves, so does he have anything like that? Thanks (: 




 thank you 




 thanks 




 Stupid question, but when I see a comment on a /r/leagueoflegends post, They always have this little thumbnail of a champ. How do you set it? 




 shit, I better start using that 




 Also, does playing with your screen unlocked really help that much? Because everyone else seems to do it but I never really tried 




 Oh I know that, I'm just saying that i know how to play the character when I'm in bot games and all, but it doesn't transfer over to normal pvp at all 




 I watch some games, but it's generally just the tournaments. I'll definitely check this out now though, thanks! 




 Alright /r/leagueoflegends I need your help. I've been playing LoL since the beginning of season two, so by now you'd think I would at least be somewhat good. Well I'm not. So basically, I need some tips on how to seriously improve my pvp skill. When I play bots I'll go like 36-4, so I would think that I can at least go like 15-8 or something against real people, but I just can't. My average score is probably around 7/11/13 no matter who I'm playing. That being said, I tend to either play support or solo top. So is there anything you figured out while playing that seriously improved your game?  




 Just finished watching that episode 20 minutes ago XD 




 That may be the best thing I have ever read XD 




 Well, that's simple enough. Thanks guys (: 




 Everyone -___- 
























 Unfortunately, I cannot disclose that information 




 You have ruined my life... Well the next ten minutes, but still 




 9:11 every day 




 I hope you die 




 An upvote to you sir 




 Guess I'm not so bad after all 




 Basically... 




 Oh, not at all 




 Eh, can't say it involved stealing, so no 




 It's cool not Corey 




 Noooooo, you're waaay off 




 Not quite 




 Well in that case, no. No wives involved in this crime 




 That's what cops say to catch people who think that! 




 Omg.... you're a cop....  no crime here... 




 Are you with the feds? 




 You can say that..... 




 Not enough to count for anything 




 My partner in crime! 




 Well, nobody really knows yet. That's the fun part... 




 You! 




 Another good question. Truth is, I'm actually infamous! 




 Good question. Luckily for me my name is totally original, although some day I'm sure there will be 1000 Coreys named after me. 




 Just your average Corey, ask me anything! 
























 I know the feels, same movie and around the same age. Probably the most scared I've ever been by a movie.  




 Coincidentally, my grandfather made this for dinner today and my grandma was pissed because the two 'don't go together." 









 Even though it ended in disappointment on my part, that was definitely worth reading. Good effort for something so random! 




 The Railway Rifle is hands down my favorite weapon. I just wish you could get it in unmoddded F:NV. 









 YES! Came here to say that actually! Probably one of my favorite games from back in the day 




 Fucking hermit crabs. Don't ask me why, but those things terrify me.  




 Just got mine yesterday, 98 Cadillac sts. What was yours and what's your best story with it? 




 Hey /r/Cadillac I got my first car yesterday, the 98 sts! Let me start by saying that I love it, it drives nice and is pretty quick. However with it being over a decade old I'm sure there are some things that I can do to make it better. Any suggestions on what I can get done? 




 I'm surprised nobody said Bully. It really hits you right in the feels at several points. 




 This. Once I started the only thing that stopped me was the energy running out, and then I was right back on it when it came back. 




 Mine would be pretty sick :( 




 Mashed potatoes.. Imagine sticking your hand in that on a hot day 




 Back when I was a kid I had this dream (reoccurring for months) where I was at a carnival-like place and these Smurfs with knives would chase me around and eventually kill me. Then i would appear back at the entrance and it would keep happening until I woke up. May not be as bad as some of these, but it kept me from ever watching the Smurfs again. 




 Donkey Kong 64.. That game was simply amazing to me 




 That was the most depressing thing I've read all day...  




 That's actually exactly what I was talking about. Thanks for that 




 I really don't know the technical term for this because I just started playing recently, so I'll give an example. The tabs I found for the song raining blood have you holding the eighth fret of the fifth and fourth strings, and then you have to go to the ninth fret and then back (only playing these two strings that is). However, when I try it I can't make the transition without it sounding bad. So first, any tips would be appreciated. And if someone knows the term for playing two strings at once, please share. Thanks (: 









 I read the first three paragraphs about 4 times thinking I had misread it. Then I got scared that North Korea just took over the world. Then I saw the name of the website -____- 




 My god. I wish there was something like that around me. 




 Alright guys, I'm on a mission to get a picture of me holding a sloth before the summer comes. Unfortunately, I live in Pennsylvania. So does anyone have any idea as to where I can go to hold a sloth? 




 Well.. 
























