 Yes? 




 I watched the entire video and there wasn't any mentions of road accidents or how they reached that number? 




  The Guardian collated all the deaths from all causes, including road accidents, diseases etc. and multiplied them to predict how many will die building the infastructure for the world cup.

Where do you see this? I'm looking at The Guardian's articles and I can't find road accidents, etc. taken into account? 









 Yup. Now imagine an entire country and its media with the same censorship mentality. Welcome to Sweden. Where any criticism of extreme left-wing politics will result in the media branding you a disgusting racist, where you'll receive death threats and be forced to stay quiet. This is a major reason why beggars and criminals from around the world come here. Because they know that our dear extreme left-wing population will do anything to protect these criminals human rights and silence anybody who is against these criminals. 




 The post was very clearly about the beggars that came to Sweden. It's a very relevant topic for Swedes which was apparent based on the number of upvotes it received. 




 Don't worry about it. Hey, guess what, my post just got removed as well.

You've just gotten a first-hand impression of the idiocy that is Swedish political correctness. Talk about immigrants? Censored! I come from immigrant parents, and even I'm not allowed to talk about immigration because it's apparently racist. Go figure! It's only going to be a matter of time now before I'll get banned from here. Watch as the mods will claim that this post very post is racist. Don't even bother with this subreddit. 




 THAT'S the reason why it got removed? Are you just being sarcastic?

I'm a 2nd generation immigrant and if anything, discussions like those are NEEDED to clear the air. Nobody was riling up against immigrants. People were only talking bad about the organized criminals. 




 Something fishy is going on here. Your post didn't seem to be breaking any rules yet it was removed. I'd be really cool if the mods would be transparent here and give us some sort of explanation.

Generally, if your post is removed on reddit, it still shows up for you, but for everybody else it becomes a [removed] and it disappears from the subreddit listing. 









 It's too late to save Sweden I'm afraid.

Sweden is more worried about [the portrayal of women in video games](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/20/the-insane-swedish-plan-to-rate-games-for-sexism.html) and [the lack of ethnic minorities in children's toy catalogues](http://www.metro.se/nyheter/morkhyade-barn-saknas-i-leksakskatalogerna/EVHnki!MCHp6rkn5uAK2/) and to [help ISIS-fighters get therapy and jobs once they return to Sweden](http://www.svt.se/nyheter/regionalt/orebro/kommun-hjalper-is-krigare), to be caring about the growing number of beggars and all the other bad things going on in society. 




 Fedt at de bare bliver lukket ind igen.... 




 What did Dan say about tumblrs in the beginning? 









 I know this is probably a silly question...

I'm a guy. I don't really go out much and I've never been into that whole selfie thing. So I only have two recent photos of me.

How do you feel about a guy with only 2 pictures in his profile? 




 Source: http://ekstrabladet.dk/nyheder/samfund/skole-tvang-muslimsk-elev-til-at-smage-svinekoed/5556877

An educational center for cooking in Holstebro in 2010 broke the equality law, when they insisted a muslim student should taste the pork that she prepared.

The court has come to the conclusion that the school must pay the student 40,000 kroners ($6,000) in compensation for lost education. She stopped at the school after she was told to taste the pork.

The 24 year old woman came to Denmark from Libya as an infant, and she is muslim.

When she started studying at the school to become a nutrition assistant, she knew that pork would be part of the foods in the curriculum, but at the school she was allowed to skip the pork.

In the summer of 2010 the administration for the education applied new rules which dictated that students must taste the food that they cooked.

When the student refused, she was summoned by the school to talk about the incident. Here she recorded the conversation.

During the conversation she was told that the teachers agreed that you must taste the food that you cook but that you don't have to swallow it.

Furthermore she was told that if she refused, it would have an impact on her education.

The day after, she stopped her education and filed a complain. She insisted that she was treated differently due to her religion.

The court agreed with her and ordered the school to pay her 75,000 kroners ($11,200) in compensation.

But the school defended itself by saying that the student was absent a lot of the times from her classes and that was another reason why she was summoned that day.

A higher court ruled that her absence from classes had no consequences for whether she was treated differently, and ruled that the compensation should be 40,000 kroners ($6,000) instead. 









 Because it took place in Sweden. 









 "I don't like your politics so I'm going to silence you"

Where do we see this kind of behavior now and in the past? 




 Godt s. Nste skridt er at forbyde anal sex da det ikke er godt for numsen og Dan kan ikke lide det, derfor skal ingen have anal sex i Danmark. 




 Cool. 
























 Compare it with the number of deaths of other nationalities and it should be clear whether the numbers are BS or not. You haven't necessarily disproved The Guardian. 









 You know how you can go today and qualify for the NWC next month? I was at the Torrance one and I saw Arin, Dan and Ross there.

We were a ton of people standing in line to try our luck and qualify. I had waited for like an hour and there was maybe only 6 people in front of me. Suddenly Arin, Dan and Ross come walking past us all. It was some kid who was playing, maybe around 13 years old. Arin just walks up to him and pushes him to the side. We're all yelling wtf at him and one guy quickly comes up to him and tells him to back off. But Arin just faces him and says:

"Don't you fucking know who I am? I am fucking egoraptor. Internet celebrity extraordinaire. You do not fucking talk to me like that."

The guy was just looking at Arin completely puzzled. I wanted to say something since I was obviously the only one who actually knew who Arin was but I decided not to.

Then Arin was like "What the fuck is this garbage anyway?"

And he like looked at the 3DS and then yelled "Yo Ross check out this kid's shitty score."

Ross looked and then started laughing and said "Do you HONESTLY think you can qualify with that score? Are you fucking serious?" while looking at the poor kid.

At that point more people came to get them out of there and one of the men tried to grab Dan's arm and Dan pushed him away. He had this really mean look on his face and he was wearing sunglasses. He then took off his sunglasses and looked at the guy that had approached him and he said:

"Uhm... You may not recognize me as I was wearing glasses. I wrote an Internet song about dinosaurs and lazers in 2010. I'll escort myself out."

Then him and Arin and Ross walked together with Ross still laughing at the poor kid. I then saw them walking up to a car that was parked in a handicap spot and then they drove off.

Man, what the fuck is wrong with them? 




 See, that's what I noticed too among my Iranian friends. I always wondered why they'd mix more with Danish people (not that that's a bad thing at all!) compared to Arabs and Chinese who tend to stick to their own kind. I've asked some and they explained vaguely that they don't like other Iranians which I thought was strange.

Why do you think Iranians don't like to stick together? 




 I see. but is it then really true that all of the Iranian girls are bitchy/entitled? From my experience that doesn't seem to be the case. 




 Yeah I'd definitely hook up with an exotic chick too if I met one, nothing wrong with that. It just rubbed me the wrong way when the two girls that I've met said they'd exclusively date Danish guys. I mean, as much as I like exotic girls, I wouldn't reject a Danish girl simply because she was Danish. I don't know if those two girls are just a rare example or if this is something cultural that many Iranians feel. 




 I've never seen an Iranian woman date an Iranian man in Denmark though. I notice that Arab women always date Arab men but I never see that being the case with Iranian women. Is it something cultural? 




 That's very cool. Yes, Iranians seem much more integrated. Why is it that some of them date white men exclusively though? I've met two Iranian girls who said they only date Danish men. Is it because Iranian men don't treat them as good? 




 Kilde til den verste paragraf? Statistik over successrate? 




 So in that episode, they talked about how funny it would be if the announcer was sarcastic in his comments.

In Wave Race Blue Storm you can unlock a mode with a sarcastic commentator:
http://youtu.be/G-QfJ1jsmag 




 Er der nogen kilder som du kan henvise til som viser at det har en positiv indflydelse? Statistik? 




 Og hvordan skal man s hjlpe ham? 




 Is it true that the majority of Iranian women prefer Western men? All of the Iranian girls in Denmark seem to only go for Danish men. 




 Shabadibadab babadibadibub shabadiba 2 players dabadabadab JonTron dabadabadabadib daba Grumpcade 




  There are adults out there exploiting these stupid kids

What do you mean? Are you implying that ISIS fighters are going door to door in the UK and recruiting the kids?

Don't be naive. The only way these kids could get in contact with the ISIS fighters and be recruited is if the kids themselves actively seeked them out on Twitter and other places. These kids already knew about the rape and murders and they still got in contact with ISIS fighters to help them get there. They were already motivated to join the ISIS before they even got in contact. There's nothing innocent about them. 




 How does supporting genocides and the brutal rape, torture and murders of innocent people, including kids, compare to spending a few weeks in school detention?

If yoy were to do those things on school property, you'd be serving life in prison. 




 What's a good pick-up line? 




 Why are people so obsessed with changing the genders in video games? 




 I love how in the /r/arabs subreddit, they're all whining that reddit is being racist for pointing these things out. 




 "The West" consists of the people living there. 




  I also love that the pressure is not on Qatar to actually reform it's laws

Uh, yes? That's because last time the West tried to interfere in the Middle East, Arabs got angry and told the West to mind their own business.

Now the West is starting to mind their own business by not putting pressure on Qatar and interfering with another Middle Eastern country, but instead putting pressure on an organisation based in the West (FIFA) and now you're complaining that the West is not interfering in Middle Eastern politics?

Basically, the West is damned if they do, and damned if they don't. Now isn't THAT just fucking convenient? 




 Does that mean me and my ex might still be together in reality? That she never cheated on me? Damn, now I'm starting to get really excited if this is just a dream. 
























 Hvem er undersgelsen blevet bestilt af? Hvad er referencerne til artiklen? http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1741-3737.2009.00678.x/references

Hvordan ved du helt prcist at denne undersgelse er upartisk? 




 Links til upartiske artikler, tak. 




  Det gr sgu lidt ondt nr folk siger at min sde veninde og hendes kreste

 Nr folk som Pia smider sig rundt med uvidenskabelige angreb

Findes der videnskabelige upartiske artikler som sttter op om at brn fr den samme opvkst om s deres forldre er heteroseksuelle eller homoseksuelle? 




 Jeg hader serist nr folk bruger deres egen enkle situation som en generelisering for resten af landet. Og hvad s hvis din kreste er universitetsstuderende? Det er tydeligt at dette er langt fra normen for familiesammenfringer generelt. At s der findes enkelte situationer som din kreste hvor det er get godt er ikke enbetydende med at familiesammenfringer er en gevinst for Danmark i alle de andre tilflde.

rgerligt at det skal g ud over de udlndinge som vil Danmark godt, men man bliver ndt til at se p det store billede i hele landet istedet for at se snvret synet at "Jamen, min kreste klarer det godt, derfor klarer alle mennesker igennem familiesammenfringer sig godt". Det er da simpelthen et latterligt argument. 




 Folk tror hele tiden at jeg er muslim pga. min hudfarve hvilket egentligt er forsteligt nok da de fleste med en mrk hudfarve i Danmark er religise.

Jeg synes dog desvrre at det gr det lidt svrt at mde piger da jeg har hrt at mange danske piger foretrkker at date en person som ikke er religis. Jeg har endda set enkelte dating profiler hvor de skriver at de ikke er interesserede i visse religise grupper.

Hvordan kan jeg diskret gre en sd pige som jeg mder ude i byen opmrksom p at jeg er ateist? Det virker lidt akavet at bare sige det fra starten af men vil ikke delgger nogen chancer bare fordi de tror jeg er religis pga. min hudfarve. 




  if we repatriate them

Riiiiiiight, as if that is going to happen. A lot of them will get a Swedish passport after a few years, then receive benefits from the government while spending most of their time watching Al Jazeera at home (remember, telling them they need to get a job is racist - http://www.dr.dk/Nyheder/Politik/2015/03/22/165901.htm) and going on vacation to their home country where they supposedly were persecuted.

http://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pal%C3%A6stinenserloven 









 Probably going to get downvoted but I would not have interfered. For all that you know, one of their husbands were standing to the side and if you interfer he'll start attacking you or even worse might have a knife on him.

I've read many stories these past years of people interfering in fights or robberies, only to get beaten up or even killed. It's the sad truth. 




 That's how one of my ex gfs broke up with me. The same day we were talking like always, joking, etc. absolutely nothing about her seemed different. Then a few hours later, no reply. Then after I message her a few times I get blocked. Never got any explanation.

The worst part about it? In the beginning of our relationship she told me she broke up with an ex by simply ignoring him. 




 Amazing song!! Thank you so much Dan, you're so awesome!! :) 




 They're my favorite band and I know that Dan likes rock so.... 




 Honestly, this is fucking with me so much. To the point where I'd be willing to travel 5000 miles to their next panel just to ask him this question.

Does anyone know what his favorite red hot chili peppers song is? Has he mentioned them in any videos? I want to know so badly, it has been almost two years now :( 




 That's why you use a mute button. 









 Hun er sd. 




 Tja alts nogle feminister pstr at det primrt er kvinderne som bliver udsat for vold i hjemmet s var nysgerring i at se hvordan de er kommet frem til det udsagn. 









 No voice chat has pissed me off. How exactly do you play strategically when you can't communicate with your team? You're basically just running around shooting the walls and grounds. At least with communication, you could add a whole new element of strategy to it and discover new strategies and whatnot but without voice chat, it's just redundant spray and pray.

Tbh, I've already gone back to Smash Bros. 




 When a girl has a weird attraction. For instance, I saw this video of a girl who was dendrophiliac and it was a huge turn on for me. 




 I'm so happy to have Dan in Game Grumps. He is just a really inspirational person and I'm so glad to know that there is a person like him out there. He has honestly made me happiest the most out of all the Grumps and he is truly my favorite. 


































 Hvorfor i helvede kbe klamt dansk lort nr man kan kbe lkkert Amerikansk istedet? 




 Betal 200 kr. om mneden for DR eller betal 200 kr. om mneden for Netflix + HBO som ikke har reklamer, du bestemer selv hvad du vil se og hvor du vil se.

Svrt valg. 









 Nej. 




 Det gr ellers fint nok for Storbritannien. 




 Det er s rigtigt. S kan man vre prventiv og ikke lukke a mange ind i fremtiden. 




 I never understood why Scandinavia is considered the "happiest place on Earth". I spent six months studying in USA and I felt more happy there than here in Sweden. 




 Der str i passet hvor de er fdt.

Er de fdt i Danmark s har forldrene et oprindelsesland. S der har du et svar p hvor de skal sendes hen. 




 Hvorfor er det billigt sluppet? Er det fordi de er indvandrere? 




 Sigh

Mske du burde lse om hvad det vil sige at information er partisk og upartisk. Jeg kan lige nu finde en masse videnskabelige artikler om at homoseksuelle par ikke burde have brn men jeg gr det ikke da allesammen indtil videre har vret upartiske. P samme mde som at den artikel du gav mig var upartisk.

Du kunne evt. sprge dine 2 phd studerende om hvad det vil sige at vre kildekritisk. Har ikke mere at sige til det. Held og lykke og have en god dag. 




 Hvis det skaber et ekstra lag af komplikationer for brn s er det vrd at tage det med. at du ikke kan kontrollere dine flelser er s noget andet.

Det er op til dig om der er mere at snakke om eller ej. Men nr du skyder blankt og pstr at andre ikke bruger videnskabelige argumenter, s burde du nok selv vre forberedt p at argumentere for dine egne holdninger via videnskabelige artikler, medmindre du gerne vil fremst hyklerisk. 




 Bevisbyrden ligger hos begge parter. 




  Og nr folk kommer frem og siger de ikke har er det ogs vrd at tage i betragtning. Hvis du kan vise nogle "upartiske" undersgelser der viser det er vrre er du velkommen.

Det ndrer ikke p at der har vret nogen som kom frem og sagde at de har lidt skade.

 Og hvor er dit bevis for at homoseksuelle forldre ikke er lige s gode?

Jeg har ikke sagt at homoseksuelle forldre ikke er lige s gode. 




 Arin's butt. 




  man kan sagtens referere en artikel for at pointere hvor uenig man er.

Det er ikke tilfldet ved de to personer som jeg har nvnt tidligere, hvis du kigger artiklen igennem.

 Jeg ser ikke helt sammenligningen. /u/Maybestof siger ikke at alle familiesammenfringer er positive fordi hans er. Han siger at reglerne er en kse, hvor der er brug for en skalpel.

Hvis der er folk som kommer frem og siger at de har lidt skade af at vokse op med homoseksuelle forldre, s er det vrd at tage det i betragtning.

I sidste ende er brnenes velfrd vigtigere for mig end forldrenes ret til brn. 




 This is my main account. 









 En referenceliste er en liste over de argumenter/data/citater som man bruger til ens undersgelse.

 Lad os nu ikke blande anekdoter ind i det.

S vil du mske ikke have noget imod at argumentere for min sag mod /u/Maybestof herinde:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Denmark/comments/3af8k3/jeg_er_alts%C3%A5_ikke_racist_men_vi_bliver_n%C3%B8dt_til/csck2cq 




  er en der er enig med dig?

Og hvad er det helt prcist der er min holdning indenfor dette omrde? For jeg er rimelig sikker p at jeg ikke har ytret mig omkring min egen personlige holdning.

Jjeg lavede en stikprve p 2 af de personer som der blev refereret til og begge tilhrte LGBT organisationer. Hvad er sandsynligheden for at der ikke findes en 3. i den liste? Hvis man har partiske referencer i sin undersgelse, s bliver ens konklusion ikke ligefrem upartisk. Det er da logisk nok.

Desuden findes der ogs mennesker som er vokset om med homoseksuelle forldre som har fortalt at de nskede at de havde en mor og en far istedet:

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3001703/Another-mom-never-replaced-father-lost-Woman-raised-lesbian-moms-comes-against-gay-marriage.html 




 Jeg siger at de referencer som de bruger til deres undersgelse, er taget fra folk som har rdder fra LGBT organisationer som jo vel ikke er upartiske.

Her er der en komplet referenceliste:

http://faculty.law.miami.edu/mcoombs/documents/Stacey_Biblarz.pdf 




 At de ikke har rdder i LGBT organisationer ligesom at en person som er medlem af Christian Organisation of Family Values heller ikke vil vre upartisk hvis de kom ud og sagde at brn af homoseksuelle par var drligere stillet. 




 Nu har jeg s gjort dit dirty work, og fundet frem til referencerne i artiklerne.

Sjovt at personerne som der er refereret til, s som Sharon L. Huggins, Theresa Gramlich, osv. har rdder i visse LGBT organisationer.

Igen m jeg gentage mig selv: Upartiske undersgelser, tak. 
























