




 The piece seems choppy, a haiku and a collection or notes for a more serious piece. I can't tell whether it's lazy, both for the writer and short-attention span readers, or thoughtfully crafted and that may be a strength. The format forces you to tell the story and tell it quickly, and that may be a plus. Is it affecting and moving? Yes, so it works as a piece. It's an experimental art form that is unsatisfying but yet manages to hang around because of its short, descriptive images. But it is not the future of story telling. The writer has real talent; he took a distant memory and gave it real-time urgency.     




 Drivers will view this as D-Day in the War on Cars.  




 I wish there was a Italian section. I'm no expert, but my understanding was that one time there was a small Italian neighborhood in DC but it was displaced by highway construction. There were some Italian grocery stores, at least one was left, on Connecticut in Dupont, but gone now. Baltimore has an Italian section with great restaurants and bakeries, but I haven't been there for 10 years. ... being from Connecticut, it's one thing I miss. 

But the Vietnamese food in this area is exceptional. The Eden Center in Falls Church is great. (not Metro accessible and no help to your question) 




 Photo isn't straight.

Crop needs improvement. 
Cars are distraction. 

But great color, sharpness and detail. 

Submit to photosig.com. It's a photo critique site.  









 @kavorka2 
.. is right on the money. My unit doesn't have a front desk or elevator. My condo fee is $160. 

.. A place I once lived in that had a front desk, three elevators and a pool, had condo fees in the $400+ plus range.  




 Actually, that's a really great deal. I live in 356 SF condo studio, and this place is about 15 SF bigger. But it also has a backyard -- which is awesome. 

Considering the backyard, and the fact that you own your own place without condo fees, this strikes me as a very good price. 

A custom-designed murphy bed unit, will create the illusion of even more space and get rid of the kitchen-bed problem. 

Does it have a basement? Can you add to the rear of the house? Another 100 SF and you can almost claim one bedroom, and can you build another story?

This will sell quickly at $248.   




 In Connecticut, when I'm visiting relatives, there are many auctions that sell low-end stuff. I've picked up old photos, postcards, books, magazines, art prints for as little as $5-20. Furniture can range from $25 to $1,000 or more, but mostly lower. It's been a different story around here.  




 Iron Man isn't playing at the Smithsonian theaters, unfortunately. But once you do move here, keep an eye on its listings http://www.si.edu/Imax/Showtimes
Sometimes it shows first run movies on its Imax screens. Oblivion is playing, but it's at its theater in Chantilly.  




 It seems like the problem is the last-mile provision. If DC entered into a contract that prohibits it from competing with Verizon, cable and others, then this service is permanently crippled and under utilized. It's great that when I use Mount Pleasant Library or MLK, the wifi is running at 20 MBS plus, but it would be wonderful if DC created area-wide hotspots, especially in under served areas. Good piece by Washington City Paper. This issue needs a lot more light. 



 




 I don't know how hidden this is, but the courtyard in the Portrait Gallery is an incredible hangout spot. Lots of seats, free high-speed Net, and refreshments, quiet and peaceful and right in the middle of downtown.  Open till 7 p.m.  




 Related question: Does anyone know any good auctions that aren't high-end? (i.e., furniture costing $45K) The kind of auctions were you can find relatively inexpensive items? 









 I'm glad they are using Duct-tape gray. Let's keep the memories alive! 




 Unless you like nature, history stuff, avoid Harper's Ferry. I wish I had a photo of a sign outside a Harper's Ferry restaurant, that said: "Cheese soup, Cheese sandwich special." 

Go to Richmond. 

http://www.richmondmagazine.com/articles/25-best-restaurants-04-30-2010.html 




 Elected officials from *Florida* should keep their mouths shut. 
http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/local/breakingnews/orl-florida-political-scandals-pictures,0,7741735.photogallery 




 This isn't just about Wal-Mart vs. small stores. It's about big stores, too. Safeway prices can be pretty high, and anything that puts pressure on that chain is really welcomed. 

There's a lot I don't like about Wal-Mart. It constantly shifts the hours of its employees (along with other retailers), and keeps them under the threshold for benefits. It doesn't want full-time workers. It wages and benefits are so awful some employees must turn to government assistance, so there's some cost-shifting going on here. 

But the savings on some its products are real. For fixed income people, being able to save a dollar on a loaf of bread is a tangible thing. They will shop there. 

 




 It's good to have a sense of humor as well  









 You're kidding me.  




 Reuters is reporting that some NGOs are blaming market demand for low priced clothing. Margins are so tight that manufacturers are cutting corners on safety: http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/25/bangladesh-building-idUSL6N0DC3N220130425

It's a fair point and something to think about, even if the source of this particular structural failure may be -- and I'm guessing here -- the fault of builders and/or inspectors.  




 I like the fact that the Vegas Lounge building has survived the apartment complex invasion on P at 14th, but the few interesting buildings remaining, it seems, are gradually being removed and replaced with higher density development. 

Separately, it's just astonishing to me the amount of development on 14th north and south of U. The entire street is gradually being turned into a glass wall of complexes.

I really miss the old antiques store on 14th. 

 




 I like the description, "yet another generic 8-floor development in DC." Generic is probably right. DC needs a Gaudi to infuse some dramatic into buildings that are just blending into one another.  




 Here's an approach that was recommended to us and it work for me: Go to a condo with a front desk and just ask if any of the units are available for rent. With luck, you may catch an availability before it is listed online or find someone who isn't trying all that hard to rent their place, or learn of someone who is about to have a vacancy. 

 




 But populating it with junk content will deter readers as well.  




 This is a waste of precious natural electronic resources. 

"Hey, I found a wallet with an *ID in it*. *Gee, I wonder who this wallet belongs to?*  I should check Reddit to see if anyone is looking for it!"

Memo to Redditors: Vote this plea up for help so more people will see the value of crowdsourcing stupidity. 

Check Metro lost and found: http://www.wmata.com/about_metro/lost_found/ 




 This isn't a recommendation, just a report. I've been a member of Bally's now LA Fitness since 1998 at 20th and L. Pay about $20 a month, but new memberships are about $29.00. 

Plus: Plenty of weight machines, usually kept in good shape. Plenty of treadmills and there is almost never a wait to use them. Equipment seems well maintained.  

Lockers: Blah and ugly. Never quite as clean as you would like it. Most of the showers have limited water flow, but there's usually soap. They don't supply towels. 

If you don't mind the ambiance, it's not a bad value.
 




 It's like entering a jewelry store. You feel the hush. 

I didn't test the willingness of the clerks to let me play with the equipment. Some nice camera bags as well, although I didn't check them on price. 

The other day when I walked by it, I saw a customer standing just outside the door with someone who appeared to be a sales rep. He appeared to be testing out a telephoto lens. I saw that as a good sign for the store.  




 *Replacing* physical colleges? No. Augmenting? Yes.  




 Wow -- 

the programmer makes one direct and one indirect suggestion for combating this 

(1) have programmers from both parties review the source code 

(2) if election results vary significantly from exit polling data, that polling data may offer a clear reason to investigate election. 

Finally, these allegations deserve a major investigation by federal authorities and Congress. 
 




 It's just amazing that there are bears in the woods.  




 It should have been titled "7 Made-Up Reasons Apple is Worse Off Than You Think." 

This post makes it appear as if Apple's idea factory is bankrupt, coasting, running on empty. Seriously doubt it.  




 I live in Adams Morgan and parked off-street until I gave up the car. It wasn't easy and I could spend 20 minutes, routinely, driving around waiting for a space to open up. 

RPP fees would make no difference. Zero. Higher RPP fees is a nit in the calculation of whether you can live without a car. 

I gave up owning a car only because I didn't need it. Adams Morgan may be awful for parking, but it's well served by buses and the Metro lines aren't a bad walk. My job didn't require a commute mandating a car. 

But I know people who need a car to get to their place of work. If you need to jump on a bus, jump on the Metro, and then a bus again, that commute just won't work. A car is easier. 

For that matter, there are many neighborhoods in DC were bus service is not as regular as it is in close-in neighborhoods. I rarely have to wait more than 10 min for a bus. But some bus lines may not hit a stop for 30 min, 45 min or longer. 

All I can say about parking minimums is that ship has sailed. Many of the apartment complexes in Adams Morgan were built in a time when cars weren't an issue. My building only has a handful of spaces. I see no gain in demanding that newer buildings add more parking because my building was built with very little parking. 



 




 I lived in the Jefferson House for about 10 years. Only moved because owner was selling unit. I was on the top floor. Very quite. Never heard neighbors. Solid cement/brick building. Front desk was great for getting packages and the like. The building doesn't allow washer/driers in units but has laundry room. The pool is nice. Elevators are relatively new. Combination long-term residents and grad students, mostly. Never been inside the President. 

One thing regarding noise: If you have a unit in the rear, to the right (if you are standing in front of the building), the GW students in the townhouses below and sometimes in the student housing (former hotel building) at K, sometimes hold very loud and noisy parties until 2-3 a.m. Generally, this noise never bothered me, but it could be more of an issue on lower floors. 




 You can contribute to the museum by taking out a membership. It comes with a great magazine and 10% off purchases. They also have donation boxes near entrances.  




 I'll endorse that. The NPG is a gem -- and it's open to until 7 p.m. 

It's courtyard is awesome. Here, in the middle of a very busy area, is a wonderful place to sit. Free WiFi, too. I think the speeds are around 20 mps. 

 




 DC is top tourist attraction. It would not surprise me if some people cross DC off the their list of vacation possibilities because they'll read this stuff and say "the Smithsonian is closed!" -- 

If this leads to lost tourist dollars, that will really hurt.  









 It's obviously not spam. I live in DC. I read local blogs. I don't contribute to Reddit but thought I'd give it a try. But look at her blog. It's real and authentic and its about DC. If you are moderator and you have access to email from members, then look at mine and it will tell you who I am.  




 I submitted the link; who are you and why does it matter? It's not my blog -- I just thought the parking photos were interesting.  














 Excellent point  




 It can do basic editing. The native tool on the machine doesn't offer much, but the apps store is loaded with some very good photo editing tools. It adds a step to upload, but generally it's a minor issue.  
























 The young woman's car is hit on the bridge in an accident that involves tractor trailers. Horrifying enough. But the force of the crash is enough to send her car either though or over whatever bridge railing is there to keep vehicles on the bridge. Her vehicle plunges 40 feet into the bay -- three to four stories of free fall. She experiences hitting the bay in an explosion of water. Injured and shocked, she is in a vehicle that's sinking and starting to drift. Her options for saving herself are narrowing quickly. Fighting current and probably disorientation, she escapes the vehicle and swims to a bridge pylon. Imagine. Just imagine. 

This is one tough woman. 

 




 Have they said that?  




 Since 2008, I'm just not sure, but this story from 2005 is part of the lore: http://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all address=104x4154435 




 This is a Cinderella privilege with an expiration date. People should be allowed to drink water on Metro 365 days a year. There's no sound reason for prohibiting people from drinking water. I can understand a ban on French Fries, but water? It's time to decriminalize water.  




 @beer_OMG_beer  is absolutely correct. Comparing a Walmart worker to a government worker is a major fail. Walmart workers are often restricted to part-time hours without benefits and have a work schedule that constantly changes (if they make themselves available for anytime work, their hours may improve but ability to attend college or meet family needs declines). 

  









 This subreddit is now in danger of becoming SquirrelBoy  




 How was this locked? Was it a U Lock? What brand? And do you know what it's rating is? If a U Lock, do you still have it and was one of the locks that came with insurance? 




 This list is totally bogus. It's the click-candy industry, in this case Travel   Leisure, with an assist from the Washington Post and Reddit, at its finest.  




 the $3000 a month for daycare is a nightmare.  




 "Spinosaurus" -- love it. Sounds like a name invented by a PR agency.  "Spin-o-saurus." They might has well have named it T-Bowl. "Giganotosaurus" is just lame. 

You can't undo 65 million years of effective marketing on the mighty Reddit. 

T-Rex rules. 

 




 The Portrait Gallery across from the Verizon Center has a spacious courtyard with lots of seating, refreshments, and has 15+MBS of free public Internet.  









 CVS is almost a monopoly in the District. I'm tired of them. There's nothing that CVS can do to make a CVS interesting.  




 There is http://loavesandfishesdc.org/  in Columbia Heights. They run a kitchen on Saturdays. I used to do volunteer work there. They often had  volunteers from groups. Really nice people.  




 Other than ads for t-shirts, how does duckduckgo make money?  




 Baby Boomers will never retire.  




 There's a web site, bedbugger.com that's a great resource for questions like this.  




  Are you renting in a condo complex or apt? Is it a separate facility or just a bike rack? Does the space used for bikes have the potential to generate revenue in other ways?

A condo association may have the option of taking empty space and renting it out as storage. Instead, they make it available to bikers. I could see the argument on the condo board: Why should people who don't bike subsidize the loss of income the empty space might generate as storage space?  But then, there has to be enough bikers interested space to cover the cost. If there weren't, you probably wouldn't have the rental space option. Consider yourself lucky. Otherwise, you're stuck like me with the bike in the apt.  




 I bought in DC in early 2008 when the market was softening and the worst was still to come. I did not have a big down payment and it was risky from that point of view. Not the best decision, but what was done was done. After I bought it, the price of my unit fell about 5%-10 to perhaps as much as 20% from what I paid. It has since recovered. With a new assessment, I recently re-financed and lowered my mortgage cost by nearly a third. Previous rate was 6.5%. Now at about 3.5%. Lost PMI, too. 

My monthly mortgage, plus taxes, including condo fee (non-elevator building so its on the low side), is well below market rents. 

Rents are ridiculous now. But the mortgage costs remain low, even at 4%. 

So what should you be worried about the most? That mortgage rates will rise to 6-9% or that housing prices won't fall? 

My view: If you truly planning on staying in DC for a period of years and are set on that, then I would try to buy when the interest rates are low. If prices fall now, I suspect it will due to rising interest rates. One way or another, you'll be paying more. 

More directly to your question: I don't think we will see a repeat of 2008-09. That was a historic crash. I do believe the market can soften if interest rates rise, and I think with the rates now checking in at about 4% demand for housing may rise some as some people try to lock in better rates before they go much higher.  




 I don't blame them. This risk is readers, who may already be up to their necks in monthly subscription charges for other content, NYT, Netflix, etc.,  Hulu, Rhapsody, whatever, may resist. Subscription costs are really becoming a burden, but what choice does WaPo have?  

I dumped cable long ago to save money (use DSL) and watch TV via antenna (which is actually pretty good in DC proper) and Internet content. That has helped to offset some the subscription charges. 
 




 Good suggestion - thanks
 




 Good feedback everyone - Thanks 




  Don't see many people using them. But they are appealing.  




 I don't own a car, hence no insurance. I've wondered about the credit card provisions and whether they really do protect you. 




 I have a 20-year old scratched-up, tear-in-the-seat, bike that's beat-up ugly. But it rides and I keep the components in good shape. When parking on the street, I use two U-locks to lock in both tires and thread a cable cord through the seat.  Not that anyone would steal it, I imagine. I've been thinking about buying a new bike. But wonder: Even with two U-locks, what are the odds that it will get stolen or damaged in D.C.? Is it even worth owning a good bike if you lock it from time to time on the street? (I'm not talking overnight, but about running errands, stopping to eat, etc.) I'm considering something like a Tern folding bike. (Something easy to take on travel and store) 




 What do you do for car insurance? I can get a good car rental rate, but end up adding $$ in coverage that can easily double the rental charge. Have a personal umbrella.  




 I don't have a car and absolutely do not miss owning one. DC is an easy city to bike and is getting better. The bus system is good once you figure it out and in many cases faster than dealing with Metro. 

But owning a bike isn't easy. Good bikes are at risk of getting stolen. For around town, and have plans to lock your bike on a street for some hours, recommend a beater, nothing too attractive, and lock both wheels. 

Personally, I think folding bikes are a great option for commuting if you can stash them inside.  




 The lights dimmed, briefly, a couple of times last night in my adams morgan apt.  




 It's more than just spending money. The chips may be U.S. but the interconnects are Chinese tech. The front end system that runs this new system is using a Chinese-made chip, 16 core SPARC. China is planning to build a system with its own chips. It also has its own software 

China is learning and quickly. This isn't just about buying a system, it's about learning to build a very fast system that is also energy efficient and reliable.  




 Facial recognition is the killer app. I could really benefit from something that could remind just who is at the meeting ... 




 This piece by Ross Douthat was short on history. Ten-15 years ago you could buy condos with credits cards, and houses next to Metro at affordable prices. But people began to realize, even before the big defense build-up post 9/11, that DC was way undervalued compared to NY and Boston, and an attractive place to live. Yes, there's a lot of building going on now but much of it is catch-up. DC is becoming the city it should have always been considering the quality of life.  




 No, do what I did and suggest it's about money and getting rid of cars. that will get you down voted to oblivion.  




 The only thing the park snakes sequester are rats. They are virtuous creatures compared to what goes on in the rest of DC.  




 This is about money and the 'war on cars,' nothing more.  




 I don't know how many Vietnam vets still ride in Rolling Thunder. I imagine a good number remain. I have enormous respect for them. Vietnam was a horrible mistake. More than 58,000 U.S. military personnel lost their lives in that war, and many of the survivors weren't treated well upon return. There was no "thank you for your service" stuff that you hear today for the vets. So I don't mind at all Rolling Thunder. Let them turn up their engines and roar into the city, and if that bothers you, you can shove it.  




 I rented a place in Foggy Bottom in 1998 and you could buy a townhouse nearby  anywhere from $160 to $250. I remember seeing one sign in a condo that was almost directly across from the Metro on 24th that said "lease to own." I was actually surprised.  I had just come form the New England, a depressed city up north, and housing there was selling for the same price without access to a Metro, world-class museums, and a great jobs market. DC was incredibly under priced.  




 dcblogs.com/live has a live feed 




 A month of free electricity. 




 Chinatown Express 746 6th Street NW makes homemade noodles, dumplings. The noodle soup is just incredible. I go there two to three times a month.  




 If they are a certain age, then getting them close to a Metro stop is best. I'd recommend a downtown hotel, such as JW Marriott, Hyatt or something like that. Sometimes you can get good rates. The Metro escalators aren't that long, the areas are safe and well patrolled, and there's plenty nearby. Anything near the Portrait Gallery is super.  




 Great reporting by WAMU. 




 I guess my broader point is this: I wish the Washington Times would actually do some reporting on this issue and discover whether standard liability policies provide some protection. That may satisfy this requirement. It would be nice if they did a little work in finding out just where this idea of $250K gun-specific liability policy comes from. Did it arrive out of thin air? If that's the case, then it seems really hard for the council to impose a requirement that can't be satisfied.  




 I worry for Tumblr. Making an intelligent acquisition is not the same thing as doing something intelligent with it.  




 I love how the Washington Times puts this as "prohibitively expensive" and then launches into a rant. It makes no effort to look into the issue. Wouldn't personal umbrella policies protect from the jerks who accidentally blow holes through their condo walls? If you have auto insurance, it's already a really good idea to spend an extra $200-$300 a year on an $1 million umbrella policy, considering the cost of medical care.    
























 I wish they wouldn't try to super-charge this information with overblown words i.e., "astonishing." It's meaningless and I think trivializes the report. 

Saying, Rate of glacier melt accelerating, is scary enough.  




 I stayed earlier this year at a Trump hotel in Vegas for work conference. The price was on par, and maybe even less, than some of the on-strip hotels. The Trump hotel is slightly off Strip, located on right side of the Fashion Mall. (You can cut through the Fashion Mall to get to the Venetian or Mirage.) The hotel was actually pretty good. The rooms had sinks, fridges, and coffee maker. There may have been a stove top/microwave there (but can't recall.) Very solid place, and the convenience store had things like cereal and milk and other breakfast foods. Prices were reasonable. Staff was very nice and professional. In total, the room amenities were heads above most of the Vegas hotel rooms I've been stuck in (for conferences) that don't even have coffee makers. The Trump hotel didn't have a casino and I actually enjoyed the sanity. The only issue was on check-in. They try to upsell you slightly more expensive room, pulling out a book to look at. I had no interest, but the fellow in line before me spent what seemed like 10 minutes considering an upgrade. I waited patiently.... 




 I think that's great. They allow folding bikes on Marc and Baltimore has some outstanding places, including a Italian section with some good food.  




 This is super. It's a real washboard for considerable lengths.  




 There aren't many areas in DC where they can build tall apartment buildings. Established neighborhoods will oppose them because of concerns that the taller buildings will block views and light. Exceeding current height limits will be a pitched battle in many neighborhoods.  




 There's always Eye/I street 




 The piece now has (as of 11:15 a.m. ET) a new lede that matches the on-air video report (although there were still errors in the text. The fix was probably rushed). The video report is fine. The online text version is, as the OP notes, a mess. 

This original text report the OP cited is so messed up that it was obviously a mistake. It almost seems as if someone accidentally published some notes.   
 




 Here's my question: 

What's your stance on gambling, either online gambling or a casino? 

(Reason for question: Once Maryland builds a major casino at National Harbor, people may complain that D.C. is losing tax revenue. Similar arguments were raised in Massachusetts as a rationale for approving casino gambling in that state. Many Mass residents drove to Connecticut to gamble there. So before this becomes an issue in D.C.,  I think it is important to know how candidates feel about it today.)   









 - Maryland is building a casino in National Harbor. Do you think D.C. should respond by allowing a casino within the District?

- How do you feel about bicycle lanes? Should the city expand them and how aggressively - would you pick up the pace? How important is bicycle safety and what would you do to maximize it?

- Considering the recent scandal in campaign financing, what changes do you think are needed to campaign finance laws in the District?

- How do you feel about FOIA and online access to city documents? 

- Do you support a bid to get the Olympics in the District? 

You know, if anything, maybe we can at least crowdsource questions. 

 




 I'm actually surprised that we still need to state the case about human complicity.  




 Good point. I'm a little put off by the "terrifying" click-candy usage. There's nothing especially new here; the report refines some predictions, narrows time frames, but generally affirms consensus. Anyone who is familiar with the science and ponders feedbacks at all, considers the possibility of a methane releases in the arctic, and acidification on the food chain, is already, in a sense probably terrified or at least worried sick for future generations. Trying to scare people with yet another alarmist headline doesn't work. What we need is for elected officials to come around to the reality of the problem.  




 You can live in dull-as-crap Berlin or an equally charming suburb. You can spend your weekends mowing your expansive lawn, and devote a major portion of your household budget to maintaining two cars. You can also sit around with your neighbors and work yourself up into a froth about Connecticut's "dangerous" cities. And, as we all know, nothing bad ever happens in Connecticut's suburban towns. They are islands of sanity. 

Or you can seriously take a look at New Britain, Hartford, New Haven, or some other city and imagine being part of a diverse community. You can consider how being close to the arts, shopping and entertainment might enrich your life. The concept of "walkability" might enter your life. You can downsize to one car. Ride your bike. Live a healthier lifestyle or rot away in a suburban town.   




 What if they say three weeks processing for returned cashiers check? (This sounds like a horrible rule and completely, totally unnecessary, especially since they are doing a credit check.)  




 Ok, so what happens if they don't rent to you. Do they return the check, uncashed? How long can they hold these funds up? And what if you have a sudden change of mind about the place, or find something else?  









 How do you measure productivity in DC? Half the people in this town have jobs where they are paid to drink: lobbyist, journalists, elected officials.  




 I love Connecticut and lived there all my life until 1998 and now live in DC. I'm in my late 50s, but have many friends and family in the state and visit often. When I visit, I often hear people talk about leaving the state. The property taxes, for instance, on my sister's house are $4,600 a year and she can barely afford the bill. It won't be affordable in retirement, and that's the truth of it. It's a simple ranch in Northern Connecticut. I hear my friends complain as well. They think about leaving. Since moving, I've gotten much more familiar with the mid-Atlantic states and how they run themselves. They do some things better than Connecticut. I don't mean to be  negative. There's a lot to like about the state. It is beautiful. But there are bunch of things the state can do to reduce its tax burdens and run more efficiently. Here are my recommendations:   

1. Move to county/regional services. It's an incredible waste of money for towns and cities to pay for their own administrations, finance, information technology, police, fire, etc., for small geographic areas. This duplication contributes to high local property taxes. 

2. The taxing system and economic development effort should be regional. Take New Britain. When the factories closed, it lost its downtown to West Farms Mall. That's a simplification, but there's truth to it. Farmington gets New Britain shoppers and most of the property tax benefit. To compensate for this lack of a regional tax system, the state waste money on economic development projects in the urban areas that actually end up accomplishing little. Hartford has been an economic development sinkhole since Constitution Plaza.  

3. Get rid of property taxes on cars. It's absolutely the most horrible tax. 

4. Adopt a homestead tax provision. If you live in your home, DC reduces your assessed value by $38,000. It's a significant savings. The trade off may be higher income and sales taxes.  

5. Adopt alternative means of transportation. Connecticut's bus system is a total joke. Many communities lack sidewalks, and forget about bike lanes. The state is overly car dependent, and that makes it very expensive.  


  




 40 and you call yourself a geezer?  




 I do this. But I pass as gently as possible, sometimes say 'excuse me' and exercise caution, especially since I assume the person doesn't know the custom and may behave in an unpredictable manner.    




 I was unimpressed with this piece. Explain please: What is accomplished by heaping everything on the Republicans? The Democrats have been quietly complicit. They have not pushed as hard as they might on this issue because the policy decisions are extraordinarily difficult. Frankly, I think a lot of Democrats are taking cover on Republican denial. It's too easy to blame the Republicans for everything.  I'm disappointed in the full spectrum of political leadership, including the White House's actions to date. Even if the Democrats owned both chambers, I question whether they would be much better than the Republicans in addressing climate change.  




 Well, eat, shoots, and leaves me: Whatever on the headline. 

The report itself is very clear that young voters are an election threat to the stupid, ignorant and bribe-soaked elected officials among us. 

Now, if only my we're-to-busy-watching-tv generation of baby boomers would rally to action ... 

 An overwhelming majority of voters under 35 understand the threat of climate 
change and already see the harmful effects of it, or expect to in their lifetime. 

 66% of young voters say climate change is a problem to address, while just 27% say 
climate change is a natural event that humans cant affect, and only 3% dont believe 
climate change is really happening.

 Similarly, 65% say climate change is already affecting us or will in their lifetimes. 

 This recognition of the threat, coupled with the age groups strong favorability towards the 
President, leads to intense support for action.

 80% support the President taking action to address climate change.

 Among those favorable to the President, nearly all support him taking action.

 But even among the minority who are unfavorable to him, 56% support action and just 
38% oppose.

 This widespread and intense support translates into a willingness to punish 
legislators who stand in the way of the Presidents plan... and to support those who 
back it.

 79% say they are more likely to vote for someone who supported these steps 

 73% say they are less likely to vote for someone who opposed these steps 




 The best source on what is wrong with Metro is http://unsuckdcmetro.blogspot.com/

But it hasn't published in about a month.

Anyone know why? 


 




 Many lists are hosted by Yahoo. You can find them here: http://dir.groups.yahoo.com/dir/1600044556 




 I bough at Dahon Mariner for $200 on craigs list from a fellow who was relocating. It was about 10 years old. I brought it to a bike shop and had them make a few adjustments and parts upgrade. I've been super happy with the decision. That bike sells new for about $600. You can find new folding bikes for around $200 from some makers, but not sure about the quality of some of the bikes.  




 I'm not suggesting that the ice on Greenland or Antarctica will melt in 25 years, but I do believe the trend and patterns will be pronounced by that point.  




 People are so clueless about how to lock their bikes. They may lock the frame to rack, but the thief will take both wheels.  




 Not to complicate this too much: But consider a folding bike. You can bike from GW to Metro Center in about 10 min and it's flat. (I once lived on 24th near hospital and made this same trip) Folding bikes are allowed during rush hour. And once you get to Brookland, you won't have to worry about the shuttle. They may even allow you to take a folding bike on shuttle.  




 You will love it even more once they shut the government down! 




 There are striking similarities between Climate Change denial and what happened during the early years of the AIDS epidemic. One in particular. In the early years of AIDS it was becoming increasingly clear that it was being spread via blood (this was before the virus was discovered). Babies were getting ill as were drug users. But there was resistance from the blood bank industry, which attacked the science and epidemiological work  making these connections. That didn't last long because the accelerating rate of infections made it impossible to ignore the problem. 

However, here's another way to look at how the AIDS epidemic unfolded. Imagine that each year of the initial outbreak was actually 10 years. Something akin to dog's life math. And all of a sudden it begins to look like what's going on with climate change. If you use the decade of the 1990s as year one, (Hansen's testimony in 1988 as the starting point) then we are in year 2.5 of real climate change awareness and action. 

The first Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report on what would eventually became known as AIDS appeared on June 5, 1981. It received little attention. The national news media only gave AIDS attention when it began to expand beyond the gay population, and even then attention was minimal. Policy makers, with few exceptions, ignored it. It wasn't until the problems cascaded and the number of cases grew that AIDS became a true national issue. 

This past June marked the 25th anniversary of Hansen's testimony, and I would say that the awareness and level of action about climate change is about on par with AIDS at its 2.5 year point. It took about five years for AIDS to get truly recognize for what it was. Although the deniers (and that includes people who considered it a gay disease alone) were still at work five years into the AIDS epidemic, they were being marginalized. But it took about five years for the U.S. to begin to turn real attention and money toward combating AIDS.

It will take another 25 years before the world is truly ready to deal with climate change. By then, the polar cap should be just about gone if not gone. The evidence from Greenland, Antarctica, and temperature records, will be inescapable. Similar to the number of AIDS cases at the five year point, the evidence will be beyond rational dispute.  Today, the people who deny climate change, the policy makers who refuse to deal it, and a public that refuses to understand it, still hold sway. Such as it was with AIDS when you adjust the time scales. We have a long way to go before real action is possible.  




 Update Monday Aug. 5: The entire wall was was being painted over white at 9 a.m.   









 I have a counterview: I really do think most people recognize that something is amiss. They know the growing seasons have changed, and patterns have shifted. That's my experience in talking with folks, especially older relatives. But they aren't asked the right questions in surveys that attempt to assess knowledge about climate change. 

Ask people about what they experience and see. Ask them whether they have noticed changes in growing season of plants in their backyards, different patterns in the arrival of some bugs. Ask them if they are noticing slightly earlier springs. Ask them about their memory of the weather. 

I think the answers will be a lot different than just asking them about "climate change."

It takes a sophisticated level to have the basics of climate change denial. People don't think like that. People who say they don't accept "climate change" may not even really know what "climate change" is, and aren't connecting the concept with what they observe in their world. I find, especially when talking with older people, that the best approach is to ask them what they observe. 
  




 This is just another way of saying that everybody does it (selectively ignores the law), so it's ok. Personal responsibility demands that you respect the rules, even if you think it's unfair because others ignore them. 

 




 The steel security bars appear to be very nice. And the matching beige cubicle wall and curtains, well, it just simply took my breath away! I'm impressed by your harsh and lean aesthetic. I mean, there's nothing on the cubicle walls! Imagine looking all day at bare beige cubicle walls. What discipline. What wonder. That must intensify your focus on the task at hand, as you work under the shadow of the steel bar caged windows.    




 Here is a broad overview of the system and what they expect it can deliver in terms of increased resolution, from 27km to 13km by next spring. http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9241087/NOAA_goes_live_with_new_weather_supercomputers 




 UK hijacked story. Go here: http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9241087/NOAA_goes_live_with_new_weather_supercomputers 




 Maybe redditors can crowdsource photos and pick a few people as likely suspects. Start with anyone wearing green.  




 This story isn't spam.  




 Obviously you are rejecting the science that links the increases in extreme weather to climate change. People who take positions that can't be defended very well have to turn to insult, which you are now doing. I'm done with you.  




 If you *combine* all the records in the DC area that have been set in the past decade or so, a pattern presents itself: A lot more weather records are being broken now than before. My point, and forgive me for not being clear, is that the sum total of accelerating record breaking is strongly indicative of climate change.  




 The headline on the story is about how the latest heatwave set a irecord/i. 




 They've been able to drill into ice cores going back many years and have run analysis on C02 concentrations and temperatures. C02 is rising, global temperatures are rising, and if you haven't noticed lately, the glaciers, ice caps and Greenland are all melting. Exactly what sample size are you waiting for?  




 The post is about another record being broken. It's not about the weather.  




 It can stay at 80+ plus for the next six months and The House GOP will still be in denial about climate change.  
























 The NY Times recently had an interesting and positive review of this exhibit. 

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/03/arts/design/yoga-the-art-of-transformation-at-sackler-gallery.html?_r=0 




 That is a great site -- thanks for posting it.  




 You probably already tried this, but the Russians have been developing an offshore IT services industry in the U.S. You can find a listing of companies here: http://www.software-russia.com/ Search global. 

I'm not going to vouch for this company because I've never used it, but I know a little about it: https://www.workmarket.com/ provides contract labor. Unlike services such as oDesk (which might also be worth checking out if you haven't), Work Market is mostly an on-site provider. It skews toward technology companies, or firms with technology needs. 

Your wife sounds like she has a solid background. Best of luck.  




 St. Stephens Loaves   Fishes sometimes needs weekend help for lunch. 

http://loavesandfishesdc.org/ 




 Is the "climate coverage soars" story offering a meaningful statistic?  

Using Google Trends, I compare three search terms: "Climate Change", "Global Warming", "Lindsay Lohan".

Which do you think got the most attention in 2013? 

http://www.google.com/trends/explore?hl=en-US q=climate+change,+global+warming,+/m/01pgzn_ date=today+12-m cmpt=q content=1 









 This isn't about the models anymore. What this is about is risk. If there's even a 10% percent chance that this model is correct, is it worth ignoring and taking comfort in other models that show less of a temperature rise? 
 




 New cars will have movie-theater style seats with cup holders, and eight car trains will include a Starbucks car. Not kidding. 




 The coop fee seems high. My experience with condo fees is if it's elevator building with 24 hour front desk and any type of common amenities, swimming pool/gym, $500 plus will be the rule. At $900+, even counting for taxes, I'd be wondering whether they added in the cost of an elevator upgrade, or some other really costly repair. And, if that's the case, I'd be wondering whether the building has adequate reserve. If the common areas appear a little rundown (rugs as past their prime, painting hasn't been done, wall paper looks old) think twice about a property. There may be bigger issues lurking, such as roof replacement, HVAC upgrades, etc. 

Another issue to note: See if the unit owners are putting off repairs as well. For instance, if the windows are long past their prime, that's a building issue even if the owners are assessed the cost.  It tells you that owners aren't willing to eat the cost of the upgrade. Buildings will usually upgrade windows all at once to keep everything uniform.

After serving on a condo board for a few years, my view is any building that lets common area repair and upgrades slip may be badly run and possibly working with an under-funded reserve. An inadequate reserve can also explain the high cost.  




 End all contact. Provide no information. Move on.  




 Really good presentation! 









 Yep about the pizza. If you talk up Connecticut pies out-of-state you risk of being called a "pizza snob." But even the worse pizza in Connecticut* is better than the best pizza in most other places. (There are decent pies to be had in NYC and Mass.) 

And you're right about the beauty. It wasn't until I lived in other places that I could really appreciate the landscape of Connecticut, but New England generally. 














 I got rid of my car several years ago. Immediately saved $1,200 in car insurance. Use a bike a lot.

Offsetting cost is Amtrak, mostly. I spend about $200 a month on train travel. But the same trip by car took a tank of gas, and the tolls up up 95 to NYC are about $30? It's up there. 

Even though the car, for a NYC trip, is about half the cost of the train*, driving 95 is crazy, and have had multiple close calls. Now, I just sit back and get work done, read or watch of movie. 

I don't think I'll ever own a car again. 

*Cost of train to NYC: You can get Amtrak tickets as low as $50 to NYC if you order well in advance. I realize the bus is cheaper but can't stand it.  




 The tapes have no news value. They don't advance story. All they do is offer color. They didn't need the tapes to know this. They were well aware that the tapes would say absolutely nothing new about the events of that day. 

I can understand why AP and others went to court to seek their release. Government, especially on the federal level, is taking an anti-press turn. But Connecticut has had good FOIA protections. I've brought some cases myself when I worked as a journalist in this state.  

But in seeking release of the tapes, the news orgs weren't defending any principle. They were just pulling a lever available to them and the judge knew it. He had no way to block the release of the tapes. 

This all goes back to the original decision by AP to seek release of the tapes. Was this a mechanical reaction on its part? i.e., 911 tapes are public information as a matter course and should be released? Or were they defending a principle?

I find it hard to believe that AP was defending a principle, since it's been well established that 911 tapes are public. 

If AP had not pursued the FOIA, there would have no been harm to FOIA and its underlying principles. There was nothing to protect. Seeking the release of the tapes was a news judgment decision. The news value of the tapes was marginal, and the ill-effects of publishing them are potentially considerable. News organizations make decisions all the time to withhold certain content from their readers because it's disturbing, privacy-invading, so I don't buy the arguments that there was an absolute need to either pursue or publish these tapes. 

Without any free press issues to defend, and there clearly was not one in this case, the release of the tapes is more about how the basic decencies in our country are falling away. 

All this said, I fully understand that even if AP and mainstream news organizations decided not to seek the tapes, others would have so their release was assured. But we all have to make decisions for ourselves about what we're willing to live with.  









 $300 million divided by the city's population of 600,000 equals $500 for every man, woman and child in DC. 

No problem. I'm sure people will be happy to pay.  




 It's way, way more than a couple of examples. You need to read through the blog. You'll find hundreds. 

Check out their street harassment map. click on the icons

http://www.collectiveactiondc.org/programs/view-the-street-harassment-map/ 









 This was a serious thing created in response to a problem that's probably worse today. 

http://www.collectiveactiondc.org/

The fact is that many women in DC are routinely harassed to the point of abuse.   




 I'm not surprised by this. You ask anyone over 50, regardless of party, if things are different and they'll tell you yes. 

 









 Why the word "horrific?" and then an all-is-lost quote? 

I gather from this data that the methane emissions have increased in the last year. The colors have moved from yellow to red. That's disturbing, alarming, troubling, certainly interesting, but it is not horrific. 

Horrific is a sudden methane release that scrambles the climate and create new peril. (What will we say if there is a sudden methane release: Super-horrible-horrific?)

This must sound like nitpicking, and I'm guilty of being too focused on the language stuff, but I see this all the time in the headlines here and I think it undermines the scientific message. For anyone reading this board, the data alone is scary enough.  




 You're the winner here.  




 Great comment, OP. Truly. So, so much of the car vs. bike vs. pedestrian is pure rant, with everyone firm in their position and grievance. 

I take it from your comment, as well, that it may not have mattered that the person was on a bike. It could have been a pedestrian, such was the glare.  




 The new high-rise construction near the beach is a sign of a big disconnect. 

These high rises will be temporary housing. I wonder if the pricing will reflect it: Nice place to live for 10, 20 years and that's that.  









 I'll respectfully disagree with your premise that that china is incapable of genuine innovation. For sure, they aren't building next generation 3-D printers or some new technology, and they haven't yet shaken the IT market. But they are doing everything they need to do to learn, and are building solid foundations. An analysis that discounts their potential may be more Western bias than anything else.  




 China's innovation push is impressive. In computing alone, they have been building the world's fastest supercomputers. Those systems are using a mix of China-origin parts and U.S. tech, notably the chips. But China is making its own chips and is on path to build high performance systems that are made entirely from Chinese produced tech. This is very impressive, and China may be spending more right now to build the next generation of supercomputers than the US. 

I've been very impressed with China and the OP's story, and the comments in it, is very consistent with a policy China outlined years ago. China is going to deliver some impressive tech in due time.  









 I have so much respect for those Sisters. They are wonderful, loving people.  




 Why is this being downvoted? It's absolutely true. 

 




 We are going to get creamed this winter. 

Dodged bullet #1: In August, NOAA updated Atlantic hurricane season outlook predicted that the season "is shaping up to be above normal with the possibility that it could be very active."

Dodged bullet #2: We had a nice summer. According to Capital Weather Gang: "Weve had just five days at 95 or higher  all of those in July. Consider last summer we had a record-tying 28 95+ days. Weve had zero days at 100 or higher. Last summer we had 8."

You don't get to dodge bullet #3. 

 



















 The headline on Guardian's piece is a little weird. I mean, "found guilty?" It's officious. How about, Conservative media outlets are full of dishonest, intellectually lazy, reporting worms who will sell their souls to keep their masters happy.  




 You want scary? How about touring Congress?  




 The L-2 bus, from Adams Morgan to L Street, was light this morning @8:30 a.m. 

There were two reporters interviewing people down by the Smithsonian Metro exit. There were hardly any people around. 

The national mall is empty. 

A double decker tour bus that passed by had few people on it. 

Things seems less busy overall, except Connecticut Avenue/K/L streets. Many going to work.  

 




 Good for him. Hopefully, the folks at OMB live in DC and want their trash picked up, libraries open, and DMV running.  




 They have no choice but to defy the government. They need to make clear that DC will protect its citizens. It will collect the trash. It will open its libraries. It will run basic government services that it citizens need and pay for with their own tax dollars. Gray should be willing to go to jail to defend that.  









 I worked as a daily news reporter for nearly 20 years, and contacting families after a particular death was the worst part of the job. It feels like a horrible invasion, but Washington Post reporter was being accurate when he wrote that people "might be surprised to learn that many people caught in this mayhem actually want to talk to reporters." That's a true statement. People often want to talk about the people they lost, they want others to understand the value that this person brought into the world and the love they shared. It's a affirmation of life. It's the reporter's job to tell the story about what's going on in our shitty world. If the family doesn't want to talk, you respect it and move on. That said, these were the last stories you want to do because it affects you deeply. I've seen fellow writers break down in tears after undertaking these types of stories. It's the last damn story you want to write. When you work as a reporter covering a communnity, you care about that community, the people in it, and you want to chronicle their stories, and let others know what their neighbors are facing. In my mind, this is a noble and difficult pursuit and sometimes misunderstood, but the Post reporter here, I think, handled it well.     
























