 Not sure if you're serious, but this reads like a somewhat tasteless joke. 




 I really wish this had happened. Gollum was written for Lennon. 









 yyyyyyikes. 




 Yeah, I understand Nolan's use of the terms. I thought you were asserting that Tesla is literally a magical spells-and-potions wizard in the film, which would be silly.

You make an interesting point about Tesla's "wizardry" being beyond explanation even by our standards--my interpretation was that while we are not privy to the mechanics of cloning, it does obey rational physical laws. This is in keeping with the film's articulation of the tension between ugly reality and blissful illusion as the nature of life, supported in Hugh Jackman's dieing monologue. I'll have to see how your reading stacks up next time I watch it. 




 updated with links! 




 Podcasts!

* [Filmspotting](http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/filmspotting/id73330112?uo=4) - Informed and academic!
* [Kermode](http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/mark-kermode-simon-mayos-film/id73802698?uo=4) - Occasionally contrarian, always entertaining!
* [/Filmcast](http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-filmcast/id281400220?uo=4) - Nerds!
* [A.V. Club](http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/a-v-talk/id319069867?uo=4) - For the discerning and slightly aloof! 




 Tesla's a scientist, in real life and in the movie; if he's perceived as a wizard it's a result of the time he's in. The cloning **machine** is an element of science fiction, not fantasy. 




 I agree with you on the point of the movie--there is no magic and we purposely avoid that fact--but I take the cloning machine at face value. What's important is that it is a scientific explanation within that world, even if it doesn't work outside of it. 




 You know, I had similarly written it off until I read Hulk's thoughts on it; it really is an unusually relentless look at aging, wasted potential, compromise and lack thereof. I think some of its dismissal stems from how unpleasant it is to explore these themes, particularly for those of us who had or have some idealistic relationship to art a.k.a. the people most likely to watch arty flicks like Greenberg. We are its audience and the target of its criticism, which is why we've sort of collectively put it out of our minds. It's not exactly one of my favorites this year, but I'm definitely glad Hulk made me revisit it. 




 This is *exactly* right, and it's exactly why the movie's absurd violent-mission-from-god premise and unwavering misogyny are so troubling. 




 ...
...
are we saying that *wasn't* fucking absolute nonsense? 




 Knowing scales and chord structure are crucial. Rather than trying to find every individual note every time, be conscious of your key and train your hand to follow natural chord shifts. 




 that's strange, as learning how to play songs pretty much the entire point of Rock Band's pro mode. times change i suppose. 




 Leboski is stupid the first time you see it and brilliant the second--it's a law of thermodynamics or something. 




 The scene in which Willem Defoe appears alongside the protagonists in flashback is pretty cool. Literally everything else about it is complete fucking nonsense. 




 I think it's very much a movie about storytelling--not story structure or craftsmanship, but simply what comes out when you turn on the creativity tap. This might be offputting to people expecting traditional narrative beats, but I think it works marvelously as an exploration of everyday creativity. 




 Hmmm. So to recap, the commenter above me is upset because he/she thinks r/atheism is unfairly characterized as a circlejerk. I respond by saying it sort of *is* a circlejerk, which is especially problematic for a community that supposedly privileges rational thought. If you think my criticism is tired and worthless then so be it, but I'd argue that it's a tired and worthless response to an equally tired and worthless argument--of course there are plenty of assholes, of course there's great content buried there, of course r/atheism feels like it's being picked on. I would speculate that the karma discrepancy between our two posts has more to do with opinion agreement than discussion fostering; thankfully I don't care about karma. **When I read the OP's post, I didn't downvote it, I dashed off a quick rebuttal.** Which is also what you did; thank you for your reply, you're part of the solution, etc.

As for the actual worthlessness of my post, that judgement seems to be based in the idea that the problems it raises are long solved: you here point to the two debate subreddits; I was at the time unaware of them. Even if these subreddits *did* solve the debate deficit, their lack of visibility is problematic: r/atheism does nothing to promote these subreddits as an outlet, and as you say elsewhere, they're sorely lacking in content. I'd also add that it furthers an unhelpful binary of atheists and believers, which exacerbates the warlike upvote/downvote behavior; there are compelling arguments to be had *within* r/atheism about the personal and institutional roles of religion and what atheism should mean to the world at large. **So: if these subreddits *do* answer my issues, they're doing so poorly. But they really don't, eh?**

I therefore propose that my criticism stands; that r/atheism remains excessively homogeneous, that labeling and marginalizing dissent to separate subreddits isn't good enough, that a culture change is is in order. It's time for r/atheism to express itself not just in votes but comments, to answer critics rather than silence them. Yes, "hivemind" and "cirlejerk" are problems bigger than r/atheism, and **yes, I am unfairly holding r/atheism to a higher standard because of what it claims to represent.**

So rise to it, r/atheism. Keep your memes and opinion reinforcement if you must--it's worthless, it's junk food, that's fine, whatever. **I'm just saying, next time you feel like downvoting dissent, put it into words.** We can have a discussion. 




 many kinds of fashion shoes? please, tell me more! 




 yup, i hear ya. 




 great call listing those two subreddits, they really ought to be linked in the sidebar!

On downvotes, I feel like perhaps you're making two different defenses here: first that r/atheism transcends downvoterism, then that maybe it suffers from downvoterism but that's not r/atheism's fault. As a regular reader and occasional commenter, I feel the latter is far more accurate, but that's just my opinion.

There is also the fact that pretty obvious/tired jokes and links get a whole lot of love, but that is of course subjective and again not unique to r/atheism. reddit is a circlejerk, really. 




 pfffff I am the problem. Don't worry everyone, "the problem" has been isolated, turns out it's me, no big deal.

Seriously darling, I hope you don't think I'm bitching about Karma, because really, what the fuck is a karma. Can I eat it? Will it heat my home? Can I impress potential employers with it?

What's far more real to me is discussion. To the extent that reddit's karma system fosters intelligent discussion, hurray. To the extent that is stifles it, boo. Now shut up and kiss me you animal. 




 well, I do think "central" is a subjective term; what Colbert takes to be central to Catholicism will be different from the pope will be different from outsiders. That is of course religion as personal rather than institutional, but I think that's as it should be. 




 somebody almost immediately downvoted that post; I found that so funny that I downvoted it too. 




 Colbert is a good example of positive theism, in my opinion--his Catholicism not only gives him personal happiness, it gives him personal responsibility as well. Good on him. 




 Perhaps the charge of "circlejerk" stems from a lack of two-sided discussion? Opposing viewpoints are often downvoted rather than addressed, which not only makes the subreddit boring, but is somewhat ironic for a group that allegedly prizes logical discourse. 




 I get it! You answer unspecified allegations of racism by saying he thinks you're an infidel! Because he's Muslim! Irony! Good one! 









 Yeah, it will typically involve some selective interpretation. But no matter how silly such behavior might seem to us, hostile mischaracterization isn't helpful. 




 here's the thing: when a religious person falls ill and accepts medical treatment, they know damn well that medicine is keeping them alive; they simply see doctors and medicine as a part of God's plan for them, perhaps a result of prayer. The kid did not learn a valuable lesson about how medicine works, he already knew that. Instead, he learned that atheists are petty assholes, and that is what any other person of faith would take from this as well. 




 am i misunderstanding something? do you people *actually* think this stuff is pushing forward the cause of free thought?

Oh, you're just masturbating each other. Pardon the intrusion. 




 yikes. 




 oh ho ho ho atheist doctors killing religious children. that's good for the cause, eh? 




 fair enough, and I understand that in initially failing to articulate my point I came off as a bit of a troll. the critic smartly characterizes this list as "20 films [she] adored," which is a great way of putting it that I can't argue with at all. And while I might cringe at some of these consciously low-profile inclusions and high-profile exclusions, on some level I'm probably just a bit jealous that *White Material* didn't play anywhere near me. 




 Out of touch with wider cinema culture and how it reflects what what happened artistically and commercially in 2010, out of touch with what will be remembered from this year, out of touch with a number of very good films--some better than those included on the list--because limited or non-existent release was a prerequisite. And that's what bothers me, Winkyburger, when this form of art that I love is co-opted by people more concerned with exclusivity than quality.

And honestly, not trying to be a jerk, but I really don't know what are you arguing at this point. Are you saying that this list *is* a perfect expression of what happened in film 2010? Are you saying that it's not but we should pretend that it is? Please clarify. 




 oh holy shit yes. 




 you're insulted because I said that the indiewire blog's top 20 films isn't authoritative? that's silly, winkyburger. by all means, it can assert itself however it likes--and it does say "my" top 20 when you follow the link--but if I want to say that it's a bit out of touch then what difference does it make? Am I not furthering the discussion in doing so? 




 Just pointing out that it's a bit out of touch--favoring minor Polanski over the Social Network seems a choice made in the interest of deliberate obscurity rather than reflection of quality, you know?

I'm more than happy to share my top 10, presented here in alphabetical order. It does, of course, reflect my wholly subjective cinematic values.

Exit Through the Gift Shop (Banksy)
Four Lions (Chris Morris)
Inception (Christopher Nolan)
The Kids Are Alright (Lisa Cholodenko)
Mother (Bong Joon-ho)
A Prophet (Jacques Audiard)
Scott Pilgrim Vs. the World (Edgar Wright)
The Social Network (David Fincher)
Toy Story 3 (Lee Unkrich)
True Grit (Joel and Ethan Coen)

Open to discussion and criticism of course. :)

 




 oh i definitely agree that approaching Mormonism from both sides affords a  far *more* objective perspective than those simply within. And as I say, it's no slight on the group by any means. Just trying to be conscious of how r/atheism is perceived by rational outsiders, mostly. 




 ha touch. but to elaborate further, this list might best be titled "20 Best Films That Didn't Play in Mainstream Theaters," or "20 Films to Impress Your Film Class." This list has some great picks, but it's not *the* List of Films 2010 by any stretch. 




 I'll leave my panties as they are, thanks. I harbor no Mormon sympathies myself, but ex-Mormon is literally the opposite of objective. Literally! That's no slight on ex-Mormons or the vibrant and insightful ex-Mormon subreddit, it's just how language works.

If r/exmormon was a community of impartial observers with no preconceived notions or biases, then it would be objective. But it's not. It's a community of ex-Mormons, obviously. Literally the opposite! Literally! 

My point: to claim a viewpoint is objective just because you agree with it is disingenuous and intellectually dishonest. It's a small, trifling, intellectual dishonesty, and maybe you're cool with that and maybe you're not. I was just pointing it out. :) 




 you could hang out here, but it looks pretty dead:
http://www.reddit.com/r/nihilists 




 "For informed criticism of the Mormon church..."
"For insightful commentary on the Mormon church..."
"For ex-Mormons..."

I think those all work better. 




 well done. 




 Vectrex nostolgia, man.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vectrex 




 good on him 




 This is r/atheism's description of r/exmormon. Every time I see it it strikes me that an ex-mormon perspective is about as subjective a position as possible--objectivity suggests dispassionate third party observation.

Just something to consider. :) 




 Check out *I Love You Philip Morris*; its subject matter and distribution troubles largely relegated it to the indie crowd, but it's a great big crowd-pleasing comedy at heart. 




 just noting that it is by no means *the* best 20 films--awful lot of lists this time of year, ya know? 




 I would probably title this "*A* 20 Best Films of 2010," myself. 




 i'd be curious to know what you think, check back! 




 this has more to do with capitialism than christianity, but whatevs. 




 appreciate the comments--i was strictly editor on this, but you make some good points. i'll be sure to bring that to next project i'm behind camera. 














 i like this. 




 holy shit 




 King of Kong + some pretty solid TV work = cautious optimism 




 this is now linked from the WikiLeaks facebook page as well. 




 yeah, Deuteronomy 22. Quoting or referencing some specific verses would make it more effective though--confused rape victims might not be keen to read the chapter in its entirety, so some specifics would make your argument more accessible for them. 




 I came here to posit that 1975 feminist classic *Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles* is not engaging enough to be a viably political work. I think I may be lost. 




 Relevant Biblical citations would make this better. :) 




 Any relevant, honest, principled counter-cultural movement doesn't oppose the "mainstream" simply for its status as such, only implicitly to whatever extent "the mainstream" perpetuates what they oppose. As long as a work is intelligent and uncompromising, I don't care what percentage of the population approves of it--Exit Through the Gift Shop is largely that type of work. 




 1. Mark Kermode
2. Filmspotting
3. The /Filmcast

These three each have distinct outlooks--critic, academic, and nerd, respectively--that help give me a balanced perspective on the world of film. 




 You might be interested in Do The Right Thing by Spike Lee; wherever you fall politically, Lee is a filmmaker who often foregrounds his stylistic choices, making his films good candidates for this sort of analysis.

I'd also recommend the stylistically ostentatious and endlessly enjoyable works of Edgar Wright, though there's less likely to be much scholarly material available on him. 




 approval! 




 pow! 




 You are in luck my friend:
http://www.cupsizechoir.com/?s=6445 




 So who else got over the tits pretty quick and started trying to form interesting jazz chord progressions?

just me? really? fuck. 




 boom! 




 That's six different guys ya dirty racist!


nah i'm just kidding; that'd be messed up, eh? 




 it took me a bit, but i've made my peace with this syntax. 




 this 




 bit on the nose, eh? 




 . 




 guys, look, i'm not unaware of the Catholic authority hierarchy. I'm merely saying that Catholic culture and identity stretches beyond simple Vatican policy, and to declare someone uncatholic for her liberal understanding of the dogma is to misinterpret what being Catholic is in practice. Looking at the way Catholics live their lives in reality is a valid alternative understanding of Catholicism, and in my opinion a far more productive understanding than some purely theoretical Catholic ideal that's never happened. Honestly, I feel like my argument is being willfully misinterpreted at this point.
Also, good one on the 3/5. Catholics be sexist. :) 




 I agree that their behavior doesn't change Vatican policy, but the point I'm trying to make is that for many Catholics, there's more to Catholic culture and identity than that. 




 It is exactly what I'm talking about, actually. My point was that if for whatever reason a person identifies as Catholic, they are a small part of what Catholicism is. The word has no intrinsic meaning beyond what we give it, and people of the Catholic world have a right to the title whether they subscribe to the written dogma wholesale or not. I think you make a good case for what constitutes the Catholic belief system, but I think for many Catholics there is more to Catholic culture than that, and I certainly understand no wanting to give it all up. 




 I hear you, but the fact that you still call these people Catholics shows that their behavior defines what "Catholic" means, don't you think? For many Catholics, that means negotiating their personal beliefs with those of the institution, and I'd argue that this negotiation is a big part of the Catholic experience--they don't just sacrifice their right to the Catholic moniker by virtue of their nonpapality, right? 




 That's certainly one perspective, and it's perfectly defensible. For many people, however, the personal sense of community and identity that comes with Catholicism outweighs your subjective political reading of the situation, and that's fine. If her Catholicism has personal value for her, I respect that--especially if she's a good person. 




 I agree that hierarchy has historically been a big part of Catholicism, but I do think that the power these individuals hold comes down to a matter of perspective. Popes and Bishops are hugely influential within the institution, but they don't get to control the culture--that's controlled by the traits and behaviors of Catholic people, and is in my opinion a valid reading of what it means to be Catholic. 




 i knew very little about it when i first saw it, but the cinematography blew me right the fuck away. 




 Words do have meanings, and Catholics get to decide what Catholic means. I'm of the opinion that if you're raised in the Catholic world, you get one vote. The pope gets one, a priest gets one, and this woman gets one as much as anybody. I understand the temptation to externally define a rigid Catholicism; it makes for a compelling good and evil narrative. For many catholics, however, the label is as much a matter of identity and culture as belief.

Some people raised in the church want nothing to do with this label: they see Catholicism as an oppressive, outdated institution and they part ways decisively--it is for them inconceivable that one could don the Catholic title, as that would amount to an implicit endorsement of the Church's entire sordid history. I have nothing but respect for that line of thought and mode of action, but I have just as much respect for those who stay in the hope of making their institution better. Some people are born into the Catholic world, and through family, friends and culture, are indelibly a part of that community whether they agree with the party line or not.

If someone wants to maintain her Catholic heritage and title while fostering a more liberal morality and outlook, I say that's one legitimate vote for a less dogmatic Catholicism, and one small step toward a more rational and empathetic world, faith or not. If this disrupts a "good atheism vs. dogmatic Catholocism" debate, then good. Any atheism that only argues against strict dogma will have very little application in the real world; any non-traditional believer who begs a real-world argument can only elevate the dialog. 




 face the gymnists, book a hitman, pump up the volume 




 holy shit. 




 social sciences fiction? 




 I didn't vote--seize the day, brother! 




 "Most highly educated and professionals in America are white"
White people have more access to higher education, yes. There is a higher percentage of white people employed in stable middle class jobs, who are thus that much more suited to give middle class advantages to their children, yes. And as America perpetuates class divisions by continually affording more opportunities to those born and connected in privileged positions, this will continue to benefit whites and exclude blacks, yes. Thing is a) I don't exactly blame black people for this and b) this is far more an issue of class than race.

"Someone broke into your house?"
Yes, actually, someone really literally did--i live in a kind of shitty neighborhood. And it was a trashy white guy I knew as a kid, who ended up selling my laptop for drug money. But as a sane and rational individual, I don't assume that this is characteristic of white people. Again, this is far more an issue of class than race. Have you ever met a middle class black man who owns a gun and smokes crack? I haven't, but I know a fair number of lower class white guys who fit that description far better.

"Chicken or the egg, my friend, the chicken or the egg."
Well, except that there's an abundance of evidence for severe and violent American racism as the inciting factor here. Your accepted wisdom that blacks commit more crimes is rooted in that, which leads well-meaning but ignorant police to enforce the law on black people disproportionately until disenfranchised lower class black people no longer see white American law as a benefit to the community. We can see this in effect especially when we look at racial sentencing discrepancies and the shameful unreliability of cross-racial eyewitness testimony. I'm sure we don't disagree that racism happened in this country, and it was pretty severe--where we disagree apparently is that you think it's done and the onus is on blacks now, while I think the legacy of racism is shaping law enforcement behavior and cultural acceptance of stereotypes to this day--evidenced, quite frankly, in the fact that you take blackness as a given indicator of criminal intent. And I'm sorry, Fatties, but if that's not racism, what is?
I don't like these realities, but my method of affecting change is not strictly instructing black people to be better, it's to address a larger system that leaves a certain class--and by correlation, certain races--with limited options.  




 well we're entirely on the same page there. good talk. 




 i didn't mean to ignore it, and i think your assumption is probably justified: when people talk about disliking black people, it's reasonable to assume they're working with the same negative stereotypes you associate with the word "nigger." my only point was that the girlfriend's prejudice and the use of the word "nigger" are both based in the same ugly stereotypes, and that the connection is symptomatic of how we're conditioned to associate these things racially--and i do think that in keeping the label "nigger," we to some extent perpetuate that conception of racial stereotypes.

i hope i've not been inappropriately confrontational, by the way; i do understand that you're fundamentally arguing for evaluating people on their individual merits. your original post invited logical debate, and i'm glad you were up for it.

*edited promptly for spelling and grammar 




 right. but the fact that she said black people and you said nigger means that you made a connection. and of course you did: when we think of racism against black people, the word "nigger" is a big part of that history. but it's pretty disingenuous to pretend that word exists outside of its racist connotations and history, frmlol. i recognize your good intentions, but relegating fear of black to people to fear of "niggers" is not productive in breaking down harmful stereotypes; the fact that the stereotypes of "nigger" sprang to mind even though the word was never used is a testament to the strength of that detrimentally race-specific connection.

it's not that i "can't comrehend" the nature of language--and that's a bit of a condescending conjecture, darling--it's that communication is rooted in reception as much as intention. the word "nigger" has a history, frmlol, and whether one intends it or not, the word's reception is necessarily colored by specific racial subjugation and violence.

And if a white guy ran into grand central station yelling "nigger," the word would carry its history of race-specific violence even there. And whatever the guy was trying to express--probably craziness, as you say--he would be invoking a nasty set of stereotypes tied to a brutal and painful history. There might be some people who freak out like the straw man described above, but for my part, i'd just quietly think it was unwarranted and kind of trashy. And that's what I think pretty much every time I see or hear the word, frmlol.

*edited to include middle paragraph, i don't think your full post was available when i started the reply. 




 "I don't associate nigger, a negative term, with black people." I think that's where I and many others have trouble with this line of reasoning, frmlol. This poster's girlfriend did not say she fears "niggers," a word which has been continuously invoked in the comments here. She merely said she's afraid of black people. The fact that you're comfortable assuming she means "niggers"--your word, not hers--proves the association.

Ultimately, that's why these detrimental stereotypes continue to exist: because people make these racial associations whether they're conscious of it or not. 




 "it is normal for Whites"
what, niceness? you think most white people are nice? and everyone who's ever done something mean to you, those were all non-white people? you've never been mistreated by a white person? or, perhaps, maybe you're only race-conscious when non-whites are involved...

"however, the stereotypes usually aren't inaccurate and actually reflect reality."
people are more diverse within divisions than across them, fatties.

"Blacks commit more total crimes and proportionally more crimes than Whites, therefore people are more often to be afraid of Blacks than Whites."
Another fun reading of this is that black people get arrested more than whites, thus fostering a healthy, logical distrust of historically racist law enforcement and perpetuating a cycle that racist white people must ultimately answer for. 




 the word for that "attitude" is loaded with a history of racial subjugation, torture and murder. it is derived from the latin "niger" and spanish "negro," both of which literally mean "black." while i don't doubt your good intentions, use of the word "nigger" in this culture is inherently race-specific and only furthers the stereotypes this poster is trying to combat. 




 dtmfa. 




 perhaps quite insignificant in terms of the nation's spending, while extremely significant to NPR's continuation? Obviously? 




 bit on the nose, eh? 




 I do think that the original three Star Wars movies have pretty significantly different creative teams, which result in pretty different tone and style throughout. Do agree that those prequels are all the one color vison of Lucas though. 




 You are great! 80 is good! Yeah! I love you! 




 People who aren't Philip Seymore Hoffman in roles not played by him. 




 bit on the nose, eh? 
























 It exists, and it has one reader. Awesome. 




 And more importantly, why the hell are they seeing mine? I really don't need the melodramatic song lyric I was quoting as a high school freshman shuffled into everyone's perception of who I am now. Who the fuck thought this was a good idea? 




 [*Synecdoche, New York*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9PzSNy3xj0) 




 Yup! 




 If this works reliably, it could be great. Big if though. 









 Yes. 









 The worst part is that I refuse to stop when it starts snowing again. Sweet sweet delusions. 




 You know what's cooler than a gagillion? A frafrillion. 




 Even though I'm worlds away from Synder on policy, I really did like the way he ran his campaign--hell, I still do. He wasn't peddling any of that socially backward anti-intellectual Republican bullshit, he was selling himself as a "tough nerd," playing up his intelligence and business savvy. While I was at odds with nearly every element of his platform, it felt like this was at last a noble conservative movement that I could engage with intellectually.

Now this shit. 




 Awesome, thanks! 




 Well, it seems as though we're both willing to be big supporters of somebody's movement--alas, I'm no politician. Too many compromising photos.

To be quite frank, I'm not much of a patriot either. Michigan is a beautiful state with a terrible government and an even worse economy. If it doesn't offer me a future, then I have the blessing of my family and friends to seek fulfillment elsewhere, just as I would wish for them. There's some sentimental regret in that, but so be it. 




 Fair enough. Give me a time and a place, 32koala--I'm based in Lansing and I'll show for a protest. I don't know that demonstration will hold much sway with an administration that doesn't recognize locally elected officials, and when nothing changes I'll be out, but I really am down to put in some good faith effort before cynically taking off as I fully expect to. 




 Yup, I have quite a few friends who were taken in by that "twelve point plan." He just didn't mention that Part 11 is taking emergency power and Part 12 is building the death star. 




 Exactly. Not scared, because I can leave. Pissed off because I'll have to. 




 This is one of those rare internet moments where somewhat perfectly articulates a widely applicable and wholly rational point of view that *had somehow never occurred to me before*. You have a small legacy in my worldview, Lochmon. 




 Wasn't familiar with that Ok Go track, but it's pretty sweet. Well done Rock Band. 




 awesome 









 It's true. I weave mounds and mounds of lame, lame bullshit, and then I gather all my friends around to congratulate me. There is merriment and feasting, laughter and song, and for one brief moment I feel... *human.* 




 No, Egodeath, I don't. I was trying to figure out why you were running an annoying joke predicated on your unsupported sense of superiority into the ground, and I figured that in the absence of any approval from those seeking discussion here, you might have a private audience of people who favor pointless snark over interpersonal engagement--turns out it's just you, super. I believe that's called "trolling," right?

Predicated: founded or based on. 




 Well hey, you genuinely expanded my perspective on post-modernism. I'll call that a good day for Reddit. 




 Oh sorry man--Explicated: made explicit. Didn't mean to go all verbose on you with that one word.

Actually, I hope that doesn't ruin all the fun you're having. When you gather your friends around the monitor to show them how cute you've been, they might raise their eyebrows at your characterization of my post as verbose--trs embarrassing. 




 Neofaust, I'll preface this comment by saying you're probably better versed in this stuff than I am and that I will likely cave under the slightest amount of pressure, but it doesn't make sense to me that post-modernism can somehow eschew definable "essence" and yet claim so many self-identified post-modernists--perhaps not so much in serious literature, mind you, but around the campus so to speak. Kids identify as "post-modernists," they're largely united around criticism of truth and obsession with constructs... couldn't we call that the movement?

Personally, I enjoyed the submission because I can relate to the author's frustration: I'm sick of arguing that logic is not only the best interpretation of reality, but it's a prerequisite of any arguments against itself. I think science should be a component of art and vice versa, and am sick of their increased "post-modern" segregation. I'm frustrated with the arguments I'm getting from my English department full of undergrads *calling* themselves post-modernists, so isn't indulging a parody of these trends somewhat justified?

I guess the question is--and maybe you can help me on this Neofaust--do I have a beef with post-modernism, or with "post-modernists?" I think I agree with you on what post-modernism *should* be--a transitional nebula of modernism criticisms--but it's being organized, revered, and evangelized by a certain social strata of trendy youngsters and it's irritating. And ultimately, I'm pretty sure that's what this Jenny Jones submission was about: this label is a source of pride and identity for many, and yet it's not much of a movement at all.  




 I mean, you can either choose to engage with the discussion or not, but calling it *lame,* perhaps literally the most shallowly trite of all possible dismissals, certainly looks like a defense mechanism. I'm not trying to psychoanalyze and I'm not saying I know anything about you or that *you* are shallow or whatnot, I'm just saying that I'd love to see your reservations better explicated. 




 Jesus. Yes. Thank you. 




 Comedy works when it addresses truth. If a joke is genuinely reinforcing misogyny or racism or other baseless bigotry, then it's not only unacceptable but probably not all that funny. If a joke is crafted to deal frankly and/or critically with the presence and absurdity of such hatred in society, then nothing is off limits.

EDIT: If any downvoters would like to engage with this hypothesis, it's a conversation I'd like to have. :) 




 pfff there are no muslims in their suburbs. :P 




 In all seriousness, i would pick up John Williams Rock Band in a heartbeat. 




 "The atheists are right about everything, actually."
Well, that fuels a few nasty stereotypes about r/atheism's self-perception. :P 




 This is a masterpiece of advertising, and should be taught in university classes. 




 Firth is legitimately great in it. Nothing else is. 




 Wasn't even nominated, actually. Bastards. 




 Does anyone have any insight as to how one might approximate that distinctly "film" look when using consumer grade HD digital--I'm thinking plugins and processing software, though shooting techniques are also welcome. Thoughts? 




 Does anyone have any insight as to how one might approximate that distinctly "film" look when using consumer grade HD digital--I'm thinking plugins and processing software, though shooting techniques are also welcome. Thoughts? 




 I sure hope not. I happen to think that all of this lovely post-modern thought shoots itself in the brain and dies when it divorces philosophy from the real and rational. 




 When I say I respect someone's opinion, I'm generally saying that the logic of their opinion is at least least internally consistent, even if I might disagree with the likelihood/ethics of their premises. 




 *Portal 2*, my PC sucks and I don't have a next-gen. A port would make my day. 




 [this.](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Proxy%20Embarrassment) 




 He's not taken seriously in the sciences, but he's been quite influential in the arts. Much to my chagrin. 




 Like how all non-believers are just looking for excuses to sin. Cool story Freud. 




 OP is a jackass. 




 This is where Ebert really shines for me. When he's talking about general releases, I'm with him about half the time. When it comes to recognizing greatness, I'm on board 100%. 




 I think perhaps--and I truly intend no offense here--you might just be bad at rhythm games. :P 




 Yes, I am aware of all of those things. And they're all much more relevant points to make on a film board than an appeal to feeding the children. :P 

I guess I'm not defending the Oscars so much as I'm defending the place of art and entertainment even in the presence of suffering. David Fincher could drop everything and work in a soup kitchen--so could we--but I'd prefer that he keep making movies. 




 ... what are you doing at the Film subreddit, and why are you not volunteering at Red Cross right now? 




 Not to mention [this](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1315981/). 




 I'd just like to say that these posts are so much more compelling to me than memes and facebook images. Great personal story, best of luck to you and your family. 




 LOOK IT'S LIKE A DICK FULL OF JIZZ!!!

That's the joke I would have gone with, myself. 




 [This link sure was accurate and useful and front page-worthy.](http://www.slashfilm.com/rumor-joseph-gordonlevitt-play-alberto-falcone-the-dark-knight-rises/) 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/f8zw9/neil_degrasse_tyson_eats_a_sandwich/ 




 I just figured there were a lot of Hawking fans around here. 









 "Universal Acclaim" 














 So there's a bunch of religious bullshit on your floor, and somebody didn't like your noodle poster. The humanity. 




 Well, I did my part for democracy today. 














 Also honest, I think it's amazing. It punches me in the face and makes me want to live and fall and love and build things and fail and hug everything. 




 I have no idea what you're talking about. 




 ... my brain? 









 Yes darling, I read it. The writer is saying that beyond objectively appreciable gameplay elements, Dead Space 2 transcends the sum of its parts to succeed as an engaging work of game art, thus necessitating acknowledgement of the critic's subjective position. Accepting that the game works on that level and was presumably intended to, the author clearly states his intention to address the game primarily in terms of impact, as is common practice in film and literary criticism. The author chooses to do so in his own voice: this likely precludes the review from consideration for traditional print journalism as it ignores established journalistic conventions--the ignorance willful and the conventions largely arbitrary, mind you--but it's perfectly suited to the author's intent. The more one explores a variety of authorial styles through criticism of multiple media, the less strange this choice will seem. Ya snob. 




 It is a "comment" on the sudden wave of uninformed writing criticism, one I felt would work best in the same format as the trend I was addressing: a submission about writing. 




 (before edit) This really has nothing to do with gaming.

Well, it has about as much to do with gaming as the line by line red pen critiques popping up. It's more to do with the nature of game criticism, and that seems to be hot right now.

As for the propriety of posting it as its own submission, I think this perspective merits as much space as the condescending review edits. 




 Yes, middle schoolers use a bunch of "I" statements and acknowledge themselves as writers. And then you get to high school and they tell you not to. And then you become an adult and you write in your own damn voice.

Yes, that seems strange to high schoolers. Clearly. But acknowledging one's subjective position and focusing on impact over summary doth not bad criticism make. 




 I don't think that Cartesian skepticism necessarily endorses the cognitive *over* the physical, it merely accepts consciousness as our necessary starting point. The existence of the doubter could just as easily be physical as metaphysical; the main point is the potentially physical but quite definitely subjective nature of the mind. 




 Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 




 Good and evil are human constructs, but they're real and valuable constructs nonetheless. 




 the trick is... is that conclusion false? 




 Love is blind, God is love, God is blind. 




 I'm not sure that that holds up--eat is a much different verb from is.

All wolves *are* deer-eaters and all deer *are* grass eaters is a rewording of your submission according to the rules of the premise, and as you can see there are no two terms in common there. 




  Bitches

Pointless misogyny does your question a disservice, bro. 




 Personally, I think the worst critics are the neutral, predictable, boring ones. White's a lot of things, but at least he's none of that. 




 Hey, as long as he's handsome, British, and smooth as hell then that's what counts. Contemporary Britain isn't strictly white, and Bond needn't be either. 




 Oh I hope so as well 




 Fantastic selection, thank you! 




 awesome, thanks! 




 I actually just subscribed to this! It's pretty great, but it's awfully short. 




 I'm a bus rider, long walker, and student janitor; I need some decent philosophical discussion to pump into my head. What's your pick for best philosophical podcast? 




 Ricky Gervais is the Animal Collective, specifically. And I happen to think he's a bit pretentious. 




 This was exceptionally well shot! 




 Assuming sympathy for both of them, this is one of the more beautifully sad sentiments I've seen on reddit. 




 Hey, a reasoned case with examples from the film instead of a blanket statement about critical consensus! I support this. 




 shaboozie 




 There's a difference between between denying absolute morality and denying all morality. If you have any personal, subjective moral positions then use those in conversation--that's what morality conversations are for anyway.

If you literally have no morality whatsoever, then their assessment of your psychopathy is correct, so just roll with that. 




 Perhaps [Jetpac](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jetpac), according to [IGN](http://ign64.ign.com/articles/072/072404p1.html). 




 Eh. Looks like a bunch of borderline-nihilistic destruction; mostly leaves me kind of depressed. 




 [We are the good guys! They are the bad guys! Hoorah!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKdbZWNqF00) 




 Just don't bother any more, Cult Movies, you'll never top this. 




 Damn, your school's got a sexy paper! 




 the solipsismic quandary of the quadruply meta masturbator. 




 Yeah, I came here to bitch about how this sort of thing isn't going to further sensible dialog in any way.

Then I looked at the picture, and it's pretty uncanny. I even got an awkward shock chuckle out of it. 




 ... that makes absolutely no sense. 




 I'm realistically compassionate for him. Anyone who thinks this matter will be settled with an execution is ignoring the real problem, that we do need better mental health awareness and destigmatized care for those suffering.

That said, he committed a heinous crime and deserves trial and sentencing. His mind is broken, yes, but he is his mind and deserves to be held accountable.  




 I feel like people aren't talking about this film's style enough. I'm a big fan of how the film marries the first-person subjectivity of the camera to the borderline omniscience of the internet; there's a lot of potential for narrative innovation in that pairing, and I think it's something we're going to see more of in the future. 




 Fun Fact: this was the first standup concert film ever to play Sundance. There's not too much going on stylistically, but it's definitely a movie. 




 YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
























 If you're up early every day, you can park in dorm staff parking lots from 6pm to 7am mon-fri. If not, at least you have weekends. 




 *ooooooohhhhhhhh...* ew. 




 Yeah, that. That pisses me off too. 




 nothing says "freedom" like racial segregation, eh? 




 Right, but why do people actively write in bold all-caps and use a bunch of weird faces? I feel like Reddit could make more visually appealing content by accident; is it just a pleasure of recognition thing? 




 Everything about memes, from layout to content to font, seems tailor-made to repel viewers. Do netdwellers simply lack design sense? Is it a 4channy attack on mainstream sensibilities? Why Reddit? Why do we produce and consume ugly things all day? 




 [pffft.](http://i.imgur.com/71cVY.png) 




 Huh. I was going to take same quote, but in the service of pointing out the laugh-out-load hypocrisy of this post. 




 [Hey Jude](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEKgYKpEJ3o) by the Beatles--hear me out now. With the band falling apart and Yoko in the picture, [John always understood the song as a message to him,](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hey_Jude#Inspiration_and_writing) and I do think that's there in the [lyrics](http://www.songmeanings.net/songs/view/799/), whether conscious or not. Both lyrically and musically, it's about evolution--listen closely, the texture changes with every chorus, every verse, every measure of the coda. Emotionally, there's the simple, heart-wrenching background vocals of the verses, progressing to the triumphant finish that never really ends, just keeps progressing until it's inaudible. To me, it's a beautiful expression of love between friends even as they grow apart, and more generally a quite moving appeal to always keep moving. 




 I ain't sayin' you treated me unkind

You coulda done better but I don't mind

You just kinda wasted my precious time

But [don't think twice, it's alright.](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/Don+t+Think+Twice+It+s+Alright/3F4IGC?src=5) 




 This might be unique to disillusioned Catholics still reeling from built-in guilt, but I think [Mess](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJFt8MC1XKo) is phenomenal. 




 [The Iron   Wine version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5gBt-zpb-w) is also great. The Flaming Lips are great soundsmiths, but Wayne Coyne is also a sort of strangely perfect songwriter, and it really shines though when you strip everything away. 




 I owned the Baha Men CD. 




 nice save? 




 Ctrl+F "dick," glad it was in here once anyway. 




 I'm not sure what the philosophical question is here, but here're some thoughts:

* You can be attracted or unattracted to whoever you like, but it's probably worth considering where your opinions are coming from before making generalizations. Are you comparing men or women of the same social status? If not, are you factoring non-biological factors into their attractiveness? To what extent does media representation affect your perception of a race? If you see a bunch of pretty women waking down the street together and instantly gravitate to the blonde-haired white one, then that's your attraction and it's fine. If you're simply saying that whites are pretty, then it's worth thinking about how culture has represented white and black to you.

* Economic status is a far more valuable indicator of criminality than race. Black Americans are disproportionately incarcerated because they're disproportionately born into poorer circumstances, and have been throughout American history--that's overwhelmingly how this cyclical capitalism thing shakes out. Add on a history of institutionalized racism in enforcement and sentencing, and you have a set of statistics that says far more about American politics than it does biological race.

* Intelligence is partly genetic, partly social--genetically advantaged children in poor environments are less likely to perform well on intelligence tests then their peers in more privileged environments. This is the case regardless of race, but is again more visible in black communities because of a history of cyclical socioeconomic marginalization.

* Extrapolating any of these social descriptors to make a statement about biology is at best ill-informed; to then fallaciously correlate social generalities with an individual's biology as criteria (sole or otherwise) for employment is ridiculous practically, wrong morally, and racist in every sense of the word.

Regardless, it's preposterously rare that any major decision can best be made based solely on a person's race. Let's leave the definition of racism as it is, and get to know someone before making either descriptive or prescriptive statements about them, eh? 




 It'd be a little more indicative of poster quality than grand totals over varying membership lengths, and would incentivize more thought for every post. What do y'all think? 




 Oh, the *verb* fancy. I read this as the adjective fancy like five times, and thought you were pretty weird. 




 ... yes, and? 




 this was a response to that one, actually. pushing it I know, but the last line was too enticing to leave hanging. 




 Read this as ex-juggalos, was thoroughly intrigued. 




 Yeah 4chan! Protecting the world from... uh, 4chan users... 









 Just finished listening to this. Nearly justifies the film's existence in itself. 




 I'm not even a dubstep guy at all, but that was sick. 




 Impossible? Oh. Well fuck it then, I guess. 




 Soft science maybe, but it's at least testable, falsifiable, reproducible, all that good stuff. Modern psychology is fucking physics compared to all the old Freudian shit. 




 Oof. This is where somebody--might as well be me--points out that psychoanalytic academia is a bunch of pseudo-scientific conjecture, and is considered pretty laughable by anyone who takes the scientific study of human thought and behavior seriously. Just something to consider. 




 I personally think Nietzsche's sex/gender politics were ass-backwards, and see no reason to privilege his opinions on the matter. 




 Good thoughts. I'd like to clarify that I don't mean abrasive as a negative term, and the fact that it is so far removed from the Top 40 sound--deliberately so, in my opinion--is kind of cool. I call the music stupid because the lyrics are stupid, and that's fine. Sleigh Bells is a dumb pop band, and it's cool because I also like dumb pop music.

I'm only responding to the assertion that hipsters are uniquely qualified to cut through all the dumb stuff and consume art of the finest caliber. No. Hipsters like dumb shit as much as anyone else, they just like anti-popular dumb shit. And that's good and it's wonderful and I love dumb shit, and I even kind of like Sleigh Bells. I'm certainly not hating on Sleigh Bells fans, I'm just saying that the group has more in common with Train than Leonard Cohen. 




 penis. 




 That's, uh, not really what the comment was about, but yeah, I'll stand by my assertion that Sleigh Bells makes some dumb music--it's kind of fun I guess, I'll sing along if I'm drunk or something, but the music is inarguably pretty stupid. The abrasive production is a fairly extreme reaction to Top 40 production, so yeah, it speaks to the anti-pop kids and gets shoved into car commercials with all the other melodic indie music, presumably because the songs are vaguely recognizable and the rights are cheaper than John Mayer.

But seriously, that's really not what the comment was about, and it's totally fine that people like Sleigh Bells, and I'm seriously not being condescending because I like a lot of stupid shit myself.

And if you're on my lawn, quit creepin. 




 Johnny, you wrote a wordy examination of hipsterdom and put brackets in the title. Of course you're a bloody hipster. ;)

Regardless, I'm not saying that people shouldn't listen to and enjoy Sleigh Bells any more than I would discourage someone from listening to U2 or Coldplay: whatever cynicism or commercialism goes into the songcraft, people have real emotional connections to "With or Without You" and "Viva la Vida" and, uh, "Rill Rill." My point is that whatever personal motivations you or anyone else might have, I find that hipster and non-hipster playlists tend to line up along a popularity binary moreso than a binary of authenticity. 




 The thing is, hipsters aren't even all that good at sniffing out bullshit: they reject massively popular artists not because of finely honed hipster anti-bullshit powers, but because the artists are massively popular. That's where the "I like the early pre-popularity stuff" mentality comes from, and it's why hipsters will latch on to some [seriously stupid shit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zXTsmJU6_s) as long as it's radio unfriendly.  




 Right, because she's totally sane in every other sense. 




 childish fucks. 




 This is one of those things that I just try not to think about because

* it's dumb as hell and basically makes fun of itself BUT
* someone out there put some effort into it
* someone like my mom would probably buy it 




 Honestly, I see where he's coming from and sort of agree. Try talking to one of those postmodern kids for a few minutes. 




 Seriously, don't care if I like the group or song or whatever, I report that shit as spam. 




 ***I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!*** 




 I think I'm confused--what does ownage mean again? 




 Not just between levels, but within levels. They'd assemble different components separately, portal them together for a sense of how the level plays, then put them in practical space for the finished product. 




 I nominate comic sans. 




 Yeah, I definitely agree that that's the in-world explanation for it, but that doesn't stop it from having meaning. Robots offer a neutral third party perspective on human life, so the fact that they see orthodox art as such a shallow thing is definitely a statement. Keep in mind that the game didn't have to engage "art" for any narrative reasons; the fact that they did and that they opened the game with it is significant, in my opinion. 




 Yeah, definitely. His whole world and persona is pretty out there, obviously, but I give a lot of credit to J.K. Simmons for throwing himself into it and hitting the emotion dead on. [It is a pretty harrowing arc: success, downfall, death--happens to everyone.](/spoiler) 




 I'm going to get a little pretentious here, but one of my favorite moments in Portal 2 comes early on, as the computerized voice presents a rote painting and classical music as "art." I love that the game opens with this--it's a great caricature of orthodox art appreciation, and it satirically portrays that sort of tradition as shallow, utilitarian nourishment rather than anything transcendent. More importantly, it's an implicit call for better art: if we believe that art *can* be something transcendent, it follows that we're being asked to look beyond the stuffy traditions parodied toward new and more inventive forms of expression. Video games, perhaps.

With that in mind, what are some of your favorite "art" moments in Portal 2? Stuff that hit you emotionally, engaged you intellectually, filled you with frustration, satisfaction, anything. Did you share that moment of harsh surprise when you accidentally destroyed the radio and cut "Exile Vilify" short? Do you take Aperture's history as a satirical depiction of capitalist progress, a mechanism far more successful at perpetuating itself than improving human life? Were you moved by the operatic ending, all the more beautiful for it's absurdity, just like everything is? I'm probably getting a little carried away here, but I do think that the game is deliberately addressing a conversation on what art is in that opening scene, and I'd love to hear your thoughts on if and how it succeeds as a work of art itself. 




 Yeah, that kind of ruined it. 




 Nosferatu! 




 Holy shit homeless. Ultimate confinement vs. ultimate freedom. 




 I look at that, and I get freaked out about the universe. Like, it's a genuinely disturbing image for me. 




 If a person is logical, sane and respectful, then they have my admiration. If they are otherwise, then they do not. Extenuating circumstances always exist, but you said you'd be *proud* to see this kind of thing in your child, and I'm disagreeing. If you're a dick, then at best it's understandable. If you're better than that, I applaud you. Simple as that.

Which brings me to the kid being a dick to his grandma. I'm not calling him a holistically shitty person, I'm not asking for his head, I'm just pointing out that he's introducing a little bit of pain into the world for no greater cause than the reinforcement of his own values. That's nothing more or less than self-righteous dickishness, and that's what I'm calling it. Nothing in my morality demands that I sugar-coat that. 




 I'm not sure that I follow, Antonivs. Are you saying that rational, respectful disagreement is a "fantasy?" Yikes. I happen to know that it happens, because it's my preferred method of engagement with the faithful--if you genuinely don't think it's possible, I encourage you to just try it some time.

As to my alleged hypocrisy, I think I'm being pretty consistent and clear: there are commendable ways of pursuing and perpetuating rational truth, and trolling Granny ain't one of 'em. 




 If my son or daughter came to me and logically, sanely, respectfully broke away from my beliefs, I could really only be proud of them.

But if my kid is being a self-righteous dick to my religious mom just for giggles--especially when she's just worshipping some loving inclusive God who gives her comfort and whatnot--I have no respect for that and would be sad, yes. 




 HA! It's funny, because there's a little more sadness in the world now! 









 witless 




 I see no evidence of intelligence in this post. 




 I remember thinking a few things walking out:

* This was funnier than the Hangover.
* I didn't really care for the Hangover.
* This wasn't very good either.
* I liked the idea a lot more than the movie.
* It *is* nice to see Craig Robinson getting work, he's funny.
* Jesus though, when are we going to be done with the 80s. 




 *A Clockwork Orange*: Explores the ways in which we're bound by forces both internal and external.

*Memento*: A protagonist with no short term memory tries to make sense of his existence by finding his wife's killer--it's essentially the inner workings of the brain organized externally, and it demonstrates the way his path is set by outside forces.

*The Adjustment Bureau*: the movie has problems, but it addresses your theme pretty head on.

 




 100% yes as a part of the curriculum, 100% no as an alternative to math. That shit's important. 




 True story. 




 It's supposedly based on an actual experience some kid in r/atheism had, but its status as a meme and the [comments](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/gru0l/to_argue_is_futile/c1pt31x) it's eliciting over there are kinda messed up. 




 To clarify, I love the context-free fucked up short fiction. Go ahead and skip the early comments. 




 At least he's just normal crazy, and not bigot crazy. 




 It definitely is. The wii is capable of playing DVDs through homebrew, they just didn't pay for licencing. 




 Upvote for the laugh, but I'd just like to point out that sometimes simple art can be the most effective.

I was raised Catholic, and a large part of having faith is pushing the possibility that you might be wrong out of mind. Though I was fond of the song as a teenager, I was afraid on some level that if I fully engaged with Lennon's message--just imagine, just *pretend* for one second that this is really it, and *feel that in earnest and then tell me what's good*--that I wouldn't be able to switch back to believing. Sure enough, that's pretty much what happened; it was a long and complex process obviously, but Imagine was certainly part of it.

I can see how it might seem trite to those who take its principles for granted, but it really is a powerful statement for those who, however intelligent they might be otherwise, really never imagined this stuff. 




 Hmm.

* Nothing in the definition personhood supports your implication that it is incompatible with individualism. If you're redifining personhood, I invite you to clarify your definition.

* Individuality is not sponsored by society, but is rather a necessary component of our unique individual consciousnesses. The identification with a collective presupposes individual identity, as that is where consciousness occurs. It isn't a binary, it's a spectrum: one's identity is informed by the collective and by the self in varying degrees, but it's preposterous to claim that one can exist without unique individual identity, or that the collective is made of anything other than individuals.
* None of your claims support the assertion that individuality cannot be a humanism.

If you feel I misunderstand or misrepresent you, I invite your to clarify further, and to provide any context that might be necessary to support your claims. 




 If you feel like no one understood you, I invite you clarify your thesis. My brazen mentality can take it, I promise. :) 




 Nintendo has never been too progressive on pioneering new media. I expect them to use Blu-Ray without licence, call it the Nintendo High-Density Optical Drive or something, and be the last company to transition from physical media. 




 Every person has some attributes that are uniquely theirs, some attributes that are shared within their culture, and some attributes that are shared across humanity--it's literally impossible to be purely individualist or purely collectivist in the sense that seems to be assumed by this blog. Furthermore, consciousness only occurs in individuals--while we might imagine an outsider looking in at the void and even try to empathize with such a perspective, we do so from within our individual consciousnesses and cannot experience anything else.

I'm an individualist in the sense that I recognize these realities and in that I value difference as enjoyable and necessary for progress. I am a humanist in the sense that I believe unique individuals are capable of empathy and kindness in spite of their differences, and in that I value reason and ethics as means to a widespread public good. How are those terms mutually exclusive? 









 He's been without a jaw for a couple years now I think. It sort of slipped under the radar since he wasn't on TV any more, but he's been a big online presence and keeps a great [blog](http://blogs.suntimes.com/ebert/) on life, art, the universe etc. I've honestly come to appreciate Ebert as an internet philosopher far more than I ever did when he was a TV critic. 




 Use a sheath. 









 Eleanor Rigby is in the dorian mode. Yes, that is all I wanted to share. 




 Michigan resident here, and my impression is that it doesn't matter if the video is commercial or not--if it's journalism then you have some leeway, but otherwise you need consent to publish. 




 If you're not in public and you're publishing it, ordinary people have the right to their own image. For kids, the parents would have to approve the use of their children for the video.

It's certainly not child fucking pornography, and the rhetoric against him is fucking infuriating, and the fact that he can't be near children is fucking ridiculous, but consent should have been acquired for the published use of the children--it's no bigger or smaller a crime than that. 




 * The laundry in my closet while naked
* The stairs to my room on her 21st
* My blanket while sitting on my bed

A list of things various friends have pissed and their status while doing so. 




 In my opinion, the hands-down standout of an already pretty great album. 









 The description is fine for now, but it'd be nice to see the subreddit have its own identity rather than simply existing counter to r/philosophy. The term "chan-decay" is sort of married to the meme world in itself, and if cogitoergosum is going to have staying power it should lead with its uniquely defining features, whatever they end up being. Also, I still like r/philosophy and think it has a nice balance of humor and depth--I'd rather subscibe to both and see them compliment each other than exist against each other. 




 This link shows up right under the [comic](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/gmsqb/ratheism_i_will_admit_i_was_a_little_weak_last/) of some guy who really wanted to share that he got laid last night. No offense to that dude, but this video is what I want r/atheism to be. 




 Hmm. Not completely full of shit then, I see. 




 ...

Yes. Yes, she is fucking kidding you. 




 Test: my password is bieberluv4eva. Did it work?

EDIT: damn you, Internet CEO! 




 Perhaps you set the stand-ins, but didn't set your actual character? If that's the case, just press start at the main menu, go to characters and pick the guy you want to use.

If that's not it, are you using two instruments at once, i.e. guitar/vox, keys/vox? if you're signed in on multiple profiles, even just a guest, then that will be one of your band mates, and you'll have to make unique customs for that profile.

The order of your stand-ins determines their instrument--swap their placement, and they swap roles in the band. 




 Tahj Mowry 




 The part stands for the whole: the individual stands for humanity, art stands for existence, moments stand for eternity, etc. 




 it means you have a message--maybe it's from demons, but probably not. 




 I loved you in Garden State. 




 ... and it's totally misattributed. 




 I think that our greed for reward and recognition are the origins of seemingly altruistic behavior, but that we're [capable of developing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kohlberg%27s_stages_of_moral_development) intellectually toward something approximating genuine selflessness. 




 I wasn't aware of L'Hpital's rule, thanks for introducing me!

My brief research suggests that /= an indeterminate constant, since that equation might express different rates of infinity. That said, I think that for the purposes of Zeno's paradox, we can assume that these infinities progress at a rate equal to whatever ratio we use in our other subdivisions--that doesn't necessarily equal 1, but it will match a constant speed, which speaks to the point I was trying to make. Is that a fair assessment? 




 I feel like Zeno only accounts for one side of the equation; if you look at it as percentage of time over percentage of distance covered, you can't halve one without halving the other, which maintains the ratio for a constant. Infinity is weird, but if you infinitize the bit on the bottom, it really does add up to a sensible number when you account for the top: /=1 




 Great work, that's quite professional! 




 The annoyed/thumbs up dynamic is way more appealing than that rage/troll face shit. Probably a lot more realistic, too. 




 i was being lazy and didn't bother to track it down, consider your link the authoritative version. 




 This is definitely awesome, but I must stress that you *must refrain when your child becomes a teenager!* [You may then resume when she goes to college.](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l7rtydb0gN1qdoypuo1_500.png) 




 fantastic puzzle game, and one of my favorite mario titles. 









 There are a lot of problems here. The film's mythology consists of a lot of silly and arbitrary rules, the script often oscillates between over-explanation and cheese, and the Bureau member characterizations are distractingly inconsistent.

That said, I liked the movie. Matt Damon kills it, the central romance worked for me, and most importantly, the film engages with interesting notions of choice, and ultimately delivers a smart and fairly distinct perspective (thematic spoilers): Usually, we allow our circumstances to define us and keep our choices within a predictable trajectory; "free will" in the classic sense is possible, but requires us to push back against our circumstances pretty damn hard. That's the sort of ambition that I like to see in movies like this, which is why I'm willing to be pretty charitable toward the Adjustment Bureau. 
























 The theist posits that there is a "God" with some baring on human life, but fails to provide a coherent definition of God or indeed the slightest bit of evidence for its existence. A good skeptic has no time for such baseless assertions, and is therefore not a theist--they are rather a non-theist, an *a*theist, to use the popular prefix. Atheism is nothing more or less than that. 




 Great video. I'm reminded of how even as a populist entertainer, Chaplin was widely credited with many of the innovations that led early cinema to be recognized as a serious medium of art and expression; seems appropriate that his work should be paired with similarly ambitious games. 




 I saw this bright-eyed post of optimism, and decided to make a joke about how any second this notoriously bitter and critical subreddit will begin telling you what you're doing wrong.

Little did I know, the top three posts were already discouragement. Jesus, people. 




 What a stupid world. 




 That's what I was looking for. Thanks! 




 presumably he was a non-student? what were the repercussions? 




 Is there any legal weight behind it? I'm an alumnus, so I'm not worried about holds. 




 That's silly. 




 If I ever feel like watching hard core misogynists execute dozens of people without due process because they think God told them to, I'll join al Quaeda. But I won't, because that's fucking crazy. 




 That little brother thing hurt a lot more when we were consistently losing football games. I think we can safely co-opt it now. 




 [Nope, just confused.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb_qHP7VaZE) 




 hmm... had no idea that subreddit existed. I was just using it as a general term for denizens of r/atheism. 




 It's okay, this is just a part of his growing up process. Be sure to sure to politely stand by your convictions and consistently go on the record in favor of tolerance... it'll make coming out of the closet that much easier for him. 




 As an alumnus of your younger sibling University (if you even went to Michigan!), I'm probably a little biased. 









 You have fixed nothing, Andy51. NOTHING. 




 Das ist sehr gut! Ja! Glcklich! Ein Dner bitte! 









 While your friend is oversimplifying things a bit, I do see where he's coming from and largely sympathize: there are huge segments of modern philosophical thought that either ignore or directly attack the scientific method as a useful avenue for obtaining knowledge. I think this stems from  insecurity about sharing or ceding the discipline's historical position as sole harbinger of truth. Philosophy enthusiasts either consciously or unconsciously try to ensure its continued relevance by downplaying science, and in return hard scientists become increasingly hostile toward the discipline of philosophy. In my opinion, this is harmful toward both fields of study.

Unfortunately, it seems that this simplistic liberal arts vs. sciences binary keeps popping up everywhere. r/philosophy is littered with complaints about r/atheism. There's an all-too-common assumption in this subreddit and, in my experience, wider liberal arts academia that one can end a debate by accusing someone of "scientism" or "positivism" or "empiricism," in much the same way that Fox News employs "socialism." It's embarrassing.

None of this is to say that science is beyond question; indeed everything of value should be questioned. But the thing is, science loves to be questioned, *demands* to be questioned, and employs a rigorous system of empiricism *and* rationality to ensure its own accuracy. The pure skeptic could call this a closed loop, but at that point they've argued themselves back inside Descartes's head. That is undoubtedly a crucial point in anyone's philosophical development, but there's so much more to the human experience when we step outside into the "real" world, and use science to further our asymptotic progression toward understanding what "reality" is.

Anyway, your friend and I are hardly alone in feeling this way. I highly recommend [John Searle's U.C. Berkeley course on Philosophy of Mind](http://itunes.apple.com/us/itunes-u/philosophy-132-001-spring/id438307693), downloadable on iTunes; Searle has a special talent for contextualizing modern scientific developments against the history of philosophy, and, in my opinion, cutting through the bullshit. The future of philosophy *is* married to science, and vice versa.  




 I'm interested in this too, particularly for Hulu. Anybody know any solutions on that front? 




 Exactly. That is the moral of drugs in my life. 




 Are shirts available? 




 I subscribe to both subreddits, I've seen a lot of interesting content and stimulating discussion in both, but fuck fuckity fuck does it piss me off when r/philosophy goes off the rails into this post-fucking-modern anti-"scientism" bullshit. There are genuinely only two possibilities here:

1) "Foundationalistic, verification empiricist-heavy" research, while imperfect, engages with universal truths that exist independent of human thought to the extent that any contradictory manmade "truths" are inherently false

***or***

$) Poodle fluke unicorn fuckwad jiggity joop mubble zook. Fuck.


**EDIT**: I thought it might be kind if funny--and, full disclosure, pretty honest--to argue the antithesis of the O.P.'s point with a comparable level of rage and frustration. I have now been downvoted.

Seriously though, if you're arguing for an understanding of truth antithetical to science, then you're arguing for a philosophy with no baring on the the human experience or indeed any other component of the decidedly law-based universe, so you might as well just floobley fuck woopty zoop. 




 That's what I mean--I used to think of G4 as a solid niche network, something I could flip to and see something fun, something I was actually pretty pumped to have on my cable package when I lived in a college dorm. Now it's fucking Cheaters and Cops.

Seriously, is it worth drawing the half-hourly ratings bump of the crowd that actively seeks out Cheaters if it compromises the network brand so badly? Any network heads misunderstanding their target demographic this badly should be fucking fired. 









 that's not terribly surprising; did any of the other consoles do that in the jump to HD? 




 I stopped thinking about any of these people as soon as I graduated from college. Seriously, it was like a light switch. 




 yup 




 Yeah, I get a whole lot of "Sorry, I actually hate Ted"s also. 




 hmm. bummer. 




 When I was pursuing *my* useless film degree, my first feature script was a deadly serious, deeply personal disaster movie called "The Ground is Lava." It involved a self-centered stand-in for my self-centered self trying to stave off nihilism while futilely trying to engage with other human beings in his world as God and the Devil fought each other until they both disappeared in a fit of pointlessness, and also the ground was literally lava. I knew that it was dumb as soon as I finished it, but that didn't stop it from being any more devastating when my unbacked-up laptop was stolen from *my* disreputable living quarters.

Needless to say, I can relate to Jason Segel's early situation as well.

But you know what? I love film, and I love my own stupid self, and I fully plan on loving the stupid no-budget revision of "The Ground is Lava" that I still intend to shoot sometime in the next year or two, because fuck it. 




 Yeah, I got a whole lot of "Have you met Ted?"s before ever seeing an episode of the show. 














 it *is* you! yay! 




 Ron... Paul, is it? Liberty, you say? *He's* certainly never appeared on Reddit before! God bless you and your heretofore unspoken message, Masterbench. 




 The game "Tanks" from the [*Wii Play*](http://www.amazon.com/Wii-Play-No-Remote-Nintendo/dp/B0013E9HP6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1325875885 sr=8-1) collection took up many happy hours between my college housemates and I. Works best with a second nunchuck. 




 "Better" is obviously a subjective word. My point isn't about the number of tracks in their library, but rather the sonic and emotional breadth of it. Whatever stimulation I might want out of music--emotion, melodicism, creative orchestration, sonic experimentalism, nostolgia, rebellion, dance music, heavy music, light music, humor, misery, joy, etc.--there is always a segment of the Beatles' catalog that I can turn to, and mine is hardly a unique experience. The Beatles were capable of and accomplished more than Win Butler, and don't really see a debate to be had there.

Again, you can like whatever you want, but it's silly to say that the suburban-angst-on-loop music of Arcade Fire can stand next to the Fucking Beatles Discography--it isn't even *trying* to accomplish the same thing. I like "Wake Up" and "No Cars Go" as much as the next guy, but come on. 




 In their ten years of existence, Arcade Fire have written three good to great albums of melancholy baroque pop.

In the Beatles' ten years of existence, they wrote all of the fucking Beatles' music.

Like whatever you want, but your opinion doesn't make their anthologies comparable. 




 If a song needed a standard rock and roll drum pattern, Ringo would play it.

If it needed a radical departure from all pop/rock drumming heard at the time, he'd play that to.

[Tomorrow Never Knows](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a3NcwfOBzQ)

[Come Together](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Aa8aKN4jwo)

[Strawberry Fields](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7ICzQn_AHc)

[Rain](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPjDMZiuhbQ)

[A Day in the Life](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZF4oQCG4vOc) 




 Looks like they changed it now; you can see from the half-time update that if started out as a way different article. 









 There is a politics to his distaste for Transformers, particularly in the creepy way that the camera ogles commercial products, destruction and women in the same pornographic fashion in what is ostensibly a kid's film. He sums it up nicely in [this showstopping review](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g__bQ-Y7D8Q) of the second one. 




 When reduced to the quantum level, the laser has no direction. There is a range, yes, but the absolute simply isn't there.

I've always known that quantum particles behave differently, as I'm sure everyone else does, but this video just made the point real to me that it doesn't just appear that way because of an intrinsic limit on our knowledge. There is a threshold over which absolute truth does not exist. 









 Do you have the slightest bit of evidence? 




 And how! 




 Is it okay that I didn't laugh? Like, not because I'm offended, but because overt shock racism on the internet is entirely played out for me? 




 Aw. That first frame almost makes me want to believe again. 




 Your interesting point on this complex issue is somewhat undone by

I read a survey recently, I forget where

Lucky for you, I backed up your claim with a quick google search; the survey I believe you're citing is in the "Motivated for Others" section of [this link](http://www.strategicstudiesinstitute.army.mil/pdffiles/pub179.pdf)--you might consider bookmarking that for future arguments.

Thing is though, it's wrong to assume that soldiers' personal motivations are antithetical to "the right thing," at least in their minds. Most soldiers I know enlist because they receive personal benefits by (to their mind) serving society, much like a doctor makes a ton of money by treating illness. Your implication that the average soldier is fundamentally self-serving is severely undermined by the article I believe you're citing, as the overwhelming majority of soldiers are on the record as valuing their squadmates' lives as much if not more than their own; whether or not you see that as "principle," it is undoubtedly selflessness.

You and I are in almost total agreement on the practical realities of our military's role in the world, but the fact remains that the vast majority of enlisted servicemen and women believe they are doing good. If your worldview and argument are based on a conception of the typical U.S. soldier torturing and killing civilians for personal gain, I invite you to examine the ways in which you yourself may be a victim of ideological indoctrination. 




 Also, it doesn't follow the new character capitalization rule of screenwriting--it's not a hard law or anything, but the Dark Night script certainly followed it, even going so far as to capitalize emphasized props. I suspect we're looking at a transcript. 




 All this movie did for me was remind me how much I love Spike Jonze's *Where the Wild Things Are*. When I want a sprawling, visually beautiful representation of childhood emotions at war with an incomprehensible universe, I prefer puppets to be involved. 




 But lazy is *the greatest news media conspiracy of all!*

I'm not entirely joking. 




 Regardless of how you or I personally feel, it is a divisive issue in philosophy of mind, as evidenced by my links above. If the subjective experience is a form of knowledge, it is literally the only form of knowledge that is inherently inarticulable, which to my mind does make it worthy of linguistic segregation, or at least specificity. 




 Well, now that the fantastically silly "science is lying to you" answers are out of the way, what you're talking about is [qualia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qualia), perhaps best summed up in the ["What Mary Knew"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary%27s_room) thought experiment. It's my understanding that there's no clear consensus on whether or not qualia constitute a form of knowledge. I personally consider the outsider with research and data to have "more" knowledge on the subject, but that may change as we begin to better understand consciousness. 




 Ah yes. I remember watching your audition, and thinking "yup, he's a redditor."

How did the process of arranging your own backing tracks work? Did you just give them a track to play, or was there some kind of involvement from their music department? 




 Whatever your personal journey has been, I'm genuinely happy for you that you've arrived at something you consider happiness and enlightenment--I was raised Catholic, I can relate. My point is that beautiful snowflake that you are, we're all beautiful snowflakes here: it's the philosophy subreddit, we're *all* pretentious assholes who view the world in terms of invisible social influences. Instead of writing like a cult leader and spreading your words across subreddits 'cause you're just that important, try engaging us as fellow thinking people. Don't try to enlighten us, try to relate to us. I suspect we've got more in common than you think, and arrogant pricks that we are, we don't like being talked down to. :) 




 I don't mean to sound like a dick, but the self-important prose, deliberately obtuse multi-subreddit format, and general air of enlightened superiority revealing heretofore unknown thruths make this post really fucking annoying. Yes, high school sucked, yes, we're aware of vaguely sinister social systems operating on us, yes, everybody hurts sometimes. Welcome to Reddit. 




 Great pop album, well worth a 
[listen.](http://grooveshark.com/#/album/Good+and+Evil/6463716) 









 Prompted by "fuck basic courtesy." I just give people the argument they seem to want. 




 Yup, it's proven to be pretty dubious--again, beautiful sentiment, but it seems fairly disingenuous to attribute it to Aurelius. I just believe people should check the toilet for purple ass unicorns, so to speak, so I'm satisfied. 




 No, It's an example of a falsifiable claim presented as a belief, made without evidence. Try taking some of that effort you're expending trying to be clever, and maybe route it toward actually keeping up with the substance of what we're fucking talking about. 




 Oh for fuck's sake. This same quote gets voted to the top of the subreddit  every few month, *and every single fucking time* nobody can point to the passage this is allegedly from. The closest passage that invariably comes up conveys a sentement that is *almost entirely entirely at odds with the factual fucking semantics* of the quote above, namely that we needn't fear because gods are undoubtedly real and just. The quote above is a lovely fucking sentiment, but if someone is going to claim they know something about this topic and say "yeah that sounds right," *it's completely fucking reasonable to ask for a citation.*

Also, "opinion" has nothing to do with this. If I say "I believe Star Wars is a good movie" that's an opinion. If I say "I believe purple fucking unicorns are flying out of my ass" that's something else entirely. The second relates to an independent truth or falsehood, and therefore my beliefs are irrelevant to whether or not the statement has value. If I say I have purple fucking unicorns flying out of my ass, and somebody notes that there's not one shred of evidence that purple fucking unicorns are flying out of my ass, and *flying fucking purple ass unicorns get voted to the top of the atheism subreddit multiple times per year without ever giving so much as a purple ass whinny or neigh to prove their existence*, then my belief statement is entirely worthless until I can finger the exact corner of my asshole that shits purple ponies.

Also, speaking of assholes, you are one. I know you're just gonna absorb that into the take-no-prisoners truth teller self perception schema you've got going on here, but seriously, it's not cute. Grow up. 




 Well, that was a pain in the ass to read. 




 So to recap: a wishy washy fact is voted toward the top, but because the poster *knows and acknowledges* it's wishy washy, that means that anyone who wants citation is a "dickhead." This is a "truth" that trumps basic courtesy, and it's a "truth" worth defending three replies deep into this stupid thread. Yes? 




 For us, calling people dickheads without warrant is just not very nice. If you think morality requires citation, I know some theists who have books for you. :) 




 Citation is needed if the comment is to carry any weight. By including his credentials, he lends the "maybe" statement more credibility than otherwise--it reads as a credible statement of fact, even if he does hedge his bets. That means that it's worth evaluating as a true or false factual statement, and that citation is required for such evaluation. None of which implies any wrongdoing on mrBWB's part, just that his popular comment conveying an unconfirmed fact would be more valuable if cited.

Regardless, no need to call mleeeeeee a dickhead. 




 [Synecdoche, New York](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0383028/).

Terrible things will happen to us and we're all going to die.

Nothing else has ever made that message so real to me, and it is in turn one of the most motivational works of art in my life. 




 If I were Alex Castello Jr. or Stephanie San Juan, I'd be a little pissed that you inadequately hid my name. 




 Thanks for linking to this, gorange! Feels very cool to have my song submitted on reddit! 




 "social conservative"

That's putting it mildly... 




 Aw, that's nice. I really like his Star Wars movie. Give him my thanks next time you see him! 




 I mean, am I wrong? *Or did I just transcend life into fucking Nirvana!?* 




 To be fair though, those signs are retarded. 




 [conan o'brien push the envelope](http://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHFX_enUS379US379 gcx=w sourceid=chrome ie=UTF-8 q=conan+o'brien+push+the+envelope) 




 I think the difference is that the scientific method is built to weed out the bullshit--even if nonsense slips through, it can't have much of a legacy without review, testing, duplication and modification, a process which nonsense cannot withstand. In my experience, the humanities have unfortunately been far less open to structured, methodical criticism, largely because major segments of thought seem to be wrapped up in the idea that there is no truth. Try telling someone in my former English department that you're a logical positivist, they'll look at you with pure condescending pity before ignoring everything you say. 




 this. 




 Fair enough, though I think that the fact that they had no expertise was pretty much the point. It's one isolated incident, and it's then left to us to critically examine whether or not similar propagation of trendy bullshit is happening elsewhere. My personal distaste for the anti-science strains of postmodernism notwithstanding, I think that it's always worthwhile to be reminded that reason and substance *should* trump authority and fashion, even if that's not always the case in popular thought. 









 No, actually, fuck everything about this post and the fact that it gets a positive reception here. 1) This is not a gender-specific behavior, and 2) it's fucking ridiculous to address this criticism to *all* women. This is completely fucking sexist, Reddit, and also completely fucking embarrassing. 




 I was just wondering about the likelihood of ever including solo Beatle performances of Beatles songs as DLC -- Lennon's 1972 ["Come Together,"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHJAZZTTXiw) Harrison's Concert for Bangladesh version of ["Something,"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSTIg08bguk) McCartney's many excellent live versions of ["Hey Jude,"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVJMhnPzhts) ["Helter Skelter,"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV18scOsX54) etc. I know they have different licensing then the studio Beatles versions, as they often appear on music sites that don't stream original Beatles songs, and these songs deserve to be played with pro keys parts. Other Lennon and McCartney tracks have appeared before, so why not these? Do you think there's any likelihood, and would anyone else be interested? 




 Hey now. *Everyone* is better than those people. 




 Flaming Lips! 




 damn, you got us. 














 You know, I've never followed Edge, but that list is right up my alley. I maintain that Rock Band 3 is *the* perfect music game. 









 This capitalist grading system, much like real capitalism, works perfectly if everyone starts off on equal footing. It would be far more accurate to start every student with their parents' cumulative GPA heavily weighted in. 




 For some light weight but equally smart stuff, I love [North American Scum](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/North+American+Scum/2yfiK8?src=5) and [Drunk Girls](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/Drunk+Girls/2HR5Kw?src=5). 




 Also, [We Close Our Eyes](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/We+Close+Our+Eyes/3UUkqF?src=5) 




 [Slow Nerve Action](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/Slow+Nerve+Action/2D4C9E?src=5) and [Waitin For a Superman](http://grooveshark.com/#/s/Waitin+For+A+Superman+wxpn+Version+live+previously+Unreleased+/3Q3wGA?src=5) would top my list, but Do you Realize remains an awesome song. 




 Please please please share a link to some of your songs. I'm eager to hear these exquisitely crafted melodies and arrangements that put hack songwriter Paul McCartney to shame. 




 that.

heh heh yeah, we do things a little differently here at metacirclejerk. 




 ...so then I grabbed my long skinny dick and slapped it onto the ATM screen. 




 The difference between punchliny jokes and a good poetic rant like this is the difference between r/funny and r/humor. Kind of surprised at all the comment negativity, I thought it was great. 




 okay, what hipster fuck downvotes the explanation link. 




 (ahem)

I'll make a Chan out of you. 




 I was with you up to the Beatles diss. Songwriting skill married to genuine boundary-pushing experimentalism resonates with me regardless of its time-period; arbitrarily loving or hating music for its age is equally dumb on both fronts. 





























