 I'm here to answer questions, mainly, but I do want to respond with one thing. Apostasy is something that is not supported anywhere in the Qur'an. What you are getting that fact from is the Hadith. The hadith are scriptures people wrote 200 years after the Prophet Muhammad died, and claimed he said this and that. The specific hadith this is coming from stated that if a muslim deconverts, kill him. 

That'd probably look true, if it didn't contradict the Qur'an itself. In the Quran, it is stated that killing a man is like killing humanity. The only two reasons it is justified in that text is when one is under attack and needs to defend himself, or if the man is causing harm humanity itself, under which a trial needs to be set forth with a judge. 




 Concerning your first link, these articles are mainly going into not what the Qur'an is saying itself, but what Islam itself has said about science, and how people of Islam have committed to modern science. One thing this article does say is that a group of people were saying that studying science from a point of nature leads people astray from 'God's path', which is completely disagreeable by me. reading these articles themselves, you can find that scholars and scriptures in Islamic history have condoned and encouraged to learn more about this universe we live in.

For the second link, I read the criticism of science in the Qur'an,and it all came down to evolution as the argument. This leads back to the book's statement that though life has evolved through natural selection, which is agreed both by modern scientists and the Quran today, humans had their own path of evolution. The criticism here is that the Qur'an is basically preaching Creationism. I don't see this as a case of complete creationism.  




 I do believe in this. I can give the verses from the Qur'an that actually support this statement. The exception was man in this common descent. Humans had their own descent, is what is basically believed by muslims. 




 I believe in evolution, and the fact that Homo Sapiens have indeed changed over time. The timeline in which Adam and Eve existed according to the Qur'an is thousands and thousands of years ago. They definitely did not look the same. The differing part here is that what the Quran states is that humans evolved in their own way. They were the ones who were different, having a conscience and a soul. Hopefully that answered your question. 




 An array of personal experiences and the thought that pretty much anything is just belief when one is something as small in this universe as a human. I chose not to state the fact that God is there and that I need to make sure everyone knows about this, but I chose to believe that it is possible he is there.

And by personal experiences I don't mean seeing Muhammad on my toast or anything. Hope that doesn't throw anyone off. 




 I actually finished the arabic translation of the Qur'an when I was 8, but I don't speak arabic. It's one of the reasons I never truly went tolearn about it in the first place. 




 I'll look into those readings, thanks!


And just out of curiosity, can you lead me somewhere that supports Islamic studies against science? 




 This I agree with. It was something I kept in mind while reading the Qur'an. What it stated in its text was, rather, that the universe itself was created within six days, and no mention of God resting was given, considering the fact that for something to be so divine, it must be perfect in its own way too. Though I think the six days phrase was given to give the people of Muhammad's time an estimate of how long it would take for Him to make something so vast.  




 For clarification, I was referring to the part where God created the earth 6000 years ago, and then put animals on land first. 

EDIT: To make things clear, I get that people are gonna bring up arguments against me, but if that happens, please give me something to argue with. If you disagree with the fact that it is parallell to scientific discoveries, then let me know how. Give context. I'm not downvoting anyone here, but don't take advantage of this and troll around. Let's actually talk. 




 I get what you're saying. But to me, if this is the case, then all religious people can be considered agnostic. They choose to believe in something divine and have their own ways of believing.

However, I also think this can apply to atheists as well. As much as many people can claim to know that there is no god, or a religious person can 'know' there is a god, it is beyond any human's capacity to know the truth. Like Carl Sagan has said, we are nothing but this pale blue dot. We can't ever truly know what caused this universe, but given the evidence and explanations we have, we can make a belief.

Stephen Hawking himself has said that there isn't a necessity for a divine being to have the universe created. A certainty for that, however, is still always debated. 




 Check conundri's comment for the response. 




 In short, yes. I am a religious person, but a big factor I want to highlight is that the main reason I returned to be religious was because the religion itself valued science. Your question's better answered in the response I gave to conundri somewhere in this thread. :) 




 So like I said, being a muslim and not knowing much about its background and logic caused me to look back at religion as a whole, and atheism as well.

I'd find time to try and learn different things and see what I fit with. For example, at a hotel I tried checking out the Bible, which resulted with me stopping after two pages of Genesis. 

As for Islam, I went back and read it's history, read the Qur'an in the many translations I could find. I read annotations, philosophies, and the writings of Islamic scholars. In the end, after choosing that God is real to me, Islam made the most sense for it. I'll answer any questions of the religion itself if you want to go into details.

One big thing, though, was the fact that Islam let me keep my belief in evolution. I was reassured by the fact that Islam was parallel to scientific facts and encouraged studying life straight from the Qur'an itself. 




 Pretty much the story. I've been raised as a Muslim, and had a point in time a year back when I turned agnostic and went into trying to learn everything I could of religious and alternative perspectives on life.

I've been a Redditor for almost a year now, and tend to visit r/atheism quite a bit along with other subs (you guys have my sense of humor). I haven't really seen many religious people having conversations with atheists that are as intellectual as I'd hope for them to be. Maybe I can answer your questions in a clear way considering I've been pretty open with both theist and atheist views. :)

EDIT: It's 12:30 AM here, and I have class in the morning. I promise I'll get to answering questions tomorrow, whenever time allows me to. Thanks to the few who are criticizing in their questions, but debate respectfully!  




 Haha, nah I get it now. I'm just sleepy.

Pretty much, I was 17, and around that age, pretty much everyone starts to question things. When one's learning, his mind is gradually taking in ideas that become more and more unfamiliar with what he's already used to. With me being raised as a Muslim, I never really went into studying other religions, or atheism itself. I'd always see atheism as this 'OMG HOW COULD YOU NOT BELIEVE IN GOD' thing, actually. 

But around that age, it was my turn to start questioning things. I started thinking that if I'm devoting my life to this one religion, I honestly don't know that much about it, and the things around me are making me feel like there might not be a divine being to begin with. At that point, when I wasn't sure, I was an agnostic.

Eventually, I wanted to find a place to settle, whether that be Islam or something else. I researched many sides, and to put it in short, I chose to believe in a god. Once that was over with, I settled at Islam  because it made sense to me.

Hope that answers it! 




 I think I'm doing both that and r/atheism. And I don't exactly get what you're referring to when you say 'why?'.. 




 Pretty much the story. I've been raised as a Muslim, and had a point in time a year back when I turned agnostic and went into trying to learn everything I could of religious and alternative perspectives on life. Maybe I can answer your questions in a clear way considering I've been pretty open with both theist and atheist views.  




 I am still pissed about that. That was a total rob. 









 How do we know that he is alive? 




 AAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWW YYYYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAAA 




 The best airsoft guns truly do come from Pakistan. 




 TEXAS MOTHAFUCKA. 




 Haha, thanks! :) 









 Jurassic Park. No movie will ever give me that same astonished feeling of disbelief again. 




 May It Be - Enya

The LOTR trilogy just makes me cry manly tears. 




 ...Dave Chapelle is a Muslim.. 




 If I could make a suggestion, Sultan's hookah cafe in Richardson? 




 What the fuck is wrong with you guys? 




 Blocking information about a country that blocked information...

...

..*brrrr...aaahh..* 




 Anyway*

I'm just saying. 




 vat 




 Get the Elder Wand.

Then like... you know, Accio Pop-Up Hot Dog Cooker or something... 









 EVIL DR. PORK CHOP! 




 One does not simp..... oh fuck it. 




 Hah, no we've all been in that spot before. It happens with me, no worries. But I've gotten that a lot, that my drawings are really sketchy. In a way, I kind of go for that. I'd like to call it my style. My art teacher would always have to deal with it when we had to do natural, or photographic drawings. 

The whole caption thing isn't the idea of it though. What I'd do with the quote is design it around him. I made it more blank space for that, because otherwise it does look boring. It's more of a part of the sketch,  rather than a caption at the side if you know what I'm trying to get at. Thanks though, man! 




 I actually don't think that highly of it. I started on this thing two hours ago after wanting to do it for so long. This isn't really anything to make me feel like I'm bothering anyone here. You guys *are* the ones that choose what happens. Just downvote it if you think otherwise. 




 That's actually really interesting. 




 I love this one. I thought of it as well. I'm trying to pick out which might be the best. It was between this and the Captain Planet one that I can't decide for now, unless someone gives something different. 




 So I pretty much feel like this guy is about to make history, and I highly, highly respect what he does. I also like drawing. So I decided to put that stuff together. I have his portrait pretty much done (I wish I could have edited a few things, but I do my stuff in pen), but I want to add a quote and design it around the sketch in a way. 

tl;dr: **What's a good quote to design over a sketch of Julian Assange?**

It doesn't really even have to be from him. Anything emphasizing his message can be suitable. One I had in mind was the one from Captain America you guys upvoted a while back:

"When the mob and the press and the whole world tell you to move, your job is to plant yourself like a tree beside the river of truth, and tell the whole world - 'No, you move.'"

**Here's the drawing in question. It's a bit high-res so everything's gonna be in too much detail. Sorry!**

http://min.us/mvj27Si 




 **A Thousand Suns** - Linkin Park


Yeah, I said it. Downvote me. 




 Sharia law has become the cause of some of the worst ways to handle crimes in Islamic countries today. Not for what it stands for, but for what these guys have turned it into. I don't think there is one reasonable Islamic scholar helping countries like Iran out with their ways of law, or otherwise we wouldn't have shit like this happening: http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/nov/02/iran-stoning-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani
 
So we're gonna have people stoned for adultery, right? Because that's what the hadith, the said spoken words of the prophet Muhammad himself,  say in context to Sharia law? Alright then. Let's play it that way. Hopefully those countries still at least read how to do this whole stoning thing, right? Because what they've done so far is a completely half-assed job so far. Let's check the rules.
 
**1. If there's ever even a case for adultery, then there needs to be *four* witnesses of said case.**
 
But that's completely stupid, isn't it? Why in the world would two people ever have a legit affair in public? Especially in Iran? Oh, they just decided to get shit on in the middle of a public place in one of the most oppressed places in the East? I guess some people do roll that way. Okay, fine. So we have our criminals prosecuted. Let's get to the stoning?
 
**2. Only a sinless man may be the one to throw the stone.**
 
So here's where shit is supposed to go down. Except only someone who isn't guilty of sin themselves are allowed to throw the stone. Which is funny, because I've always thought we all are sinful. Aren't we? Isn't that the point of being human?
 
Damn, why was this stupid law even made? Why was this punishment made if we can't even get through with it? Is a divine being out there really hell bent on having his creations brutally murdered for being unfaithful? 

Or, to take a different way to look at it, was this law really made by a god who instead, made this punishment so hard to get to, that it has even other people look back at themselves before throwing that stone? Was this law simply made to give the human being a look on his own mistakes, before being the judge and executioner of someone else? By doing so, was this punishment even made to never be able to hit the criminals, the adulterers, leaving them to an open path to seek forgiveness?

If the latter, I seriously think it has been used in the wrong ways. From an outside perspective that takes a punishment like this at face value, it is one of the most barbaric rulings mankind has ever set, let alone a god. Then again, law was never made for stupid people. Everything has to be looked into, with detail. The above is the conclusion I came to about this ruling, which for me made it seem like it has reason embedded in it. To me, maybe these laws were set to be granted to a sane, responsible, and intelligent decision maker. I doubt those exist at all in the shithole of governments stationed in the Middle East.
 
So for the guys who control the way Iran works, take a good perspective at the way this whole stoning thing works. I really, really doubt one of you douchebags are completely clean yourselves. If not, I honestly pray you guys end up taking your own lives out of depression because there is absolutely no way you are benefiting life on this earth. If you were gone, life would be better preserved and protected. We are better off without you.
 
And don't call yourselves Muslims either. You guys sucked at that too, and you're making life harder as a Muslim for me.

/I know none of this may even get to the actual leaders. It just helps me focus when I actually direct the thing to the actual people. 




 I completely do. This guy's a great man and I'm glad he's getting attention. All I'm saying is he should have gotten it earlier. Before all this. 




 It is interesting, I agree with that. I guess I just feel irritated that it's when something this intense happens that we all of a sudden give him his spotlight. I would never, ever, ever hear of him like that back before he started hitting headline stories. 




 His legs crossed in the near-last panel just does it for me.  




 I don't understand why we're getting so involved with his past all of a sudden these days. 




 The links are up there now. Thanks, man!  




 http://imgur.com/x6En9.jpg

It's not really that much. I literally thought of dressing up as a death eater the morning of halloween. I knew I had that Slytherin scarf and household items to work with. 

http://imgur.com/Q2Ggm.jpg

I did this, though, in a Walmart restroom after buying the fine tip Sharpie for it. Thought it'd please the Dark Lord.

EDIT: Second link fixed. Didn't realize it was the wand. Sorry! 









 Hyper Chondriac Music - Muse 




 Let Down - Radiohead 




 Iridescent - Linkin Park. 




 Once I was walking to my car after working at a studio in school. A cop stopped and started driving idly next to me to ask me what kind of guitar I have. I told him, and he asked me if I know any Johnny Cash, who happens to be one of my idols. We then go off into a conversation that lasted a good five minutes, naming any songs by him, whether I can play them, the AMAZINGNESS of the Walk the Line movie. The cop then wished me a good day and drove off. 

Most of these guys really are just normal people doing what they gotta do. I've got respect. That conversation made my day. 




 This is one of the reasons I love being at UT Dallas. 




 I'm not asking based on an atheistic bias or a religious bias, but if the video concerns the existence of a higher being being responsible for anything at all appearing, watching it makes me instinctively ask how the basic atoms that started this process came to be.  
























 This is real. I'd love to give you some sort of proof, but any other picture I put up can easily be considered photoshopped if you already think this one is. I'd do more than that for you, but I have a final to worry about, so you'll have to wait if you're eager.

And yeah, I have a final I'm supposed to be pulling an all-nighter for right now, and the biggest thing I've accomplished so far is getting one of our facebook posts on the front page of reddit. I'll be successful one day.


One day. 




 It's a guy. To the left of the picture. 




 Yeah, this is referring to Plano, TX. There's definitely an abundance of those kids here. We tend to refer to Plano as a city in it's own little bubble.

I grew up here too. 














 I wouldn't normally say this, but considering there's 10 slots open, I'd love for *Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2* to get at least a nod for a Best Picture nominee. 









 Sorry. 









 0 NOW BYE GU 




 Goddamnit. 1 percent now. Effing mac. 




 Is that green portion for A Rush of Blood to the Head? Because I still think that's their best wor-


Oh wait. 




 I'm ready to find my power animal. 




 Not exactly at the bottom. Bikini Bottom's somewhere in the middle of the sea. If you remember clearly, Rock Bottom was one of the dark cities in the sea where Spongebob couldn't bear to be.


...I just realized how badly I need to start studying for my exam. 




 You'd be surprised how often I see that joke annoy the hell out of girls. I wouldn't be taking this a bit seriously if I didn't see that happening. 




 I'm commenting this again here so people will hopefully see it:

To everyone pointing out the hypocrisy of men when they call out girls for stuff like this: I wrote a earlier here explaining how I hate diagrams like this because it's the exact way of thinking a guy can have towards a girl *and* the broad-mindedness a girl can have towards a guy. I deleted it because it was getting downvoted for whatever reason. I call out my guy friends everytime they make another borderline pathetic "make me a sandwich" joke, and I make damn sure I respect everyone I have the pleasure to meet; man or woman.

But in case guys haven't noticed this either: *we* are part of the problem as well. 




 I just lost my front page virginity.

To everyone pointing out the hypocrisy of men when they call out girls for stuff like this: I wrote a comment earlier here explaining how I hate diagrams like this because it's the exact way of thinking a guy can have towards a girl *and* the broad-mindedness a girl can have towards a guy. I deleted it because it was getting downvoted for whatever reason. 

But in case guys haven't noticed this either: *we* are part of the problem as well.  




 NOPE NOPE NOPE

**NOPE** 




 Scumbag redditor.

Buys iPhone 4S

Starts planning on killing themselves 









 How the hell did this go from 7000 upvotes to 5000 so fast? 




 You can't expect a band to sing about masturbation and being bored for 15+ years. They're around 30-40 years old now. Their music will change as they do, along with any other band that actually grows up. 




 I don't know about you, but reading this random submission on Reddit just slapped me in the face to get back up and work on my goals. Reading those words from his dad gave me hope in fulfilling my goals to be as good of a father as I can be in the near future. 

Sometimes people could really benefit from reading something as simple as a letter like this. Don't feel urged to ignore that and accuse a person you don't know of something he probably didn't intend for in the first place. 




 Reading this reminded me of all the sacrifices my dad has made for me as I've grown up. I can't wait to get married and be the best father ever to my unborn son. There's nothing I want more in life than to give to him what my dad's given to me.

Thanks for sharing this. Your father sounded like he was one hell of a genuine guy. I'm going to start working towards my future now, which means getting back to studying for this exam tomorrow. 









 I have no questions. I just wanted to thank you for being one of my role models through my four years of high school. I never thought a sitcom  could hit me so close and stick with me throughout all these years. JD and Turk are pretty much the reason I can be proud to say I have a bromance myself today. 

Thanks for everything. You're a genius. All I wanted to say. 




 This might not mean much coming off the internet from a random redditor, but it's never too late if you try. If you want something, go get it. 




 Don't. 




 What's Louis, my niggah? What's Chewie, my niggah? 




 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II.

The opening scene with the dementors frozen in fog midair just haunted the hell out of me. 




 Got any... [grapes?](http://youtu.be/MtN1YnoL46Q) 




 Eating it right now. 




 **KILL HIM.** 




 Feeling Good - Muse 




 'Remember the time that I spilled the cup
Of apple juice in the hall?
Please tell Mom this is not her fault.' 




 Well, I do love dating... 




 I give up on making it to the front page now. I just..

..Goddamnit. 




 I was on a parking garage when I heard the tornado sirens. Unfortunately, no tornadoes were around at all, but it felt wicked to be in the middle of a storm like that. I was pretty ecstatic about it.  My advice: go out there even if it's just a thunderstorm. 














 ...Dr. Grant? 




 Oh, wait. 




 How was it like looking at yourself almost exactly as you looked 25 years ago? It would be so surreal for me to see a moving, acting, younger version myself.

I read the AMA in your voice, by the way. 




 Edited. 




 They're still up there for me. Don't know what's going on. but in any case, I took screenshots beforehand. I figured they'd probably come in handy if we are able to take some sort of legal action.

The girl that passed away was an organ donor. She saved 11 lives after her death. 

http://imgur.com/a/n9I1e

(NSFW/L) 




 I'm trying to find a way to contact the person that made the page. I'll send them this link and see if they can keep screenshots of everything. Thanks! 









 I don't listen to you guys much, other than your Umbrella cover, but my brother has always been a huge fan. Just wanted to say thanks for coming out and doing this. It's always awesome to see someone from a big band come out and take the heat from people on the internet to answer questions for their fans. 

My question is, I'm aspiring to be an artist sometime in the future as well. Either through music or film. What advice would you give for someone who doesn't necessarily want the fame or the big life, but to at least be heard for what he does?

Thanks! 




 I may not listen to All Time Low, but my younger brother happens to be one of their biggest fans, and he's always been the one to pick up after the shit his friends do, and look after his friends because of the stupid stuff that they do. He's the one who makes sure our family stays sane in times of tension, and he's always been there for anyone he loves. My brother is 16 years old, and I can already see more balls in him than I can see in you, if I was even to be given an entire biography on your predictably sad life. I'm willing to bet on that. 

Don't bring your useless throwaway account into this community and attempt to be a Negative Nancy to people who have a taste in music that you don't like. Don't attack someone on a personal level because they're different from you and have not done a single thing to you in their life. People like you make me sick. 




 Sorry for the incredibly late response. Studying took me over the past two days. But hopefully you read this.

Okay, so these passages were the passages I knew people would ask about, and there is good reason to. If I read something like this, I'd surely feel threatened too. So why is it in the Qur'an? The defenders of the Qur'an will always tell you you have to look into the context, but that's an overly stated and under-explained argument, in my opinion. I'll try giving you the full reasoning.

The Qur'an was not released as a book back in it's time. The Prophet Muhammad was given, so we believe, these passages over a series of an Islamic lunar month (which you may know today as Ramadan). They were speeches given to him by an angel named Jibrail who made him memorize these passages. This was a time of war for him and his people. It wasn't a great time for them either. People didn't like that Muhammad was speaking of the idols they worshipped as false, and that he was asking them to see that there is one creator of the universe. It turned into the dark ages for them. Muhammad's many family members and friends were actually killed and tortured for the sake of angering him. These conflicts escalated, and during that time, people looked to him for guidance because he's been their leader this far. They trusted him. 

The passages you gave (2.191-93) was given as speeches to him to guide his people down the right path as they entered this war. And the thing is, these attackers could have murdered their families beforehand, yet this passage specifically ensured that the Muslims kill only when they're being attacked. If anyone surrendered at all, then show no hostility to them. This passage wasn't given as an order to kill any disbeliever anyone sees, but an order to fight with defense against an army in a time of crisis.

To make the best metaphor I can out of this, imagine your parent's parenting history put into a book. Should I have gone back and read that your mom said "I'm going to beat you", I'd be all 'WHOAA. CALL CHILDRENS AID. NOW.'

The exception is when I would have to go back and read the history of what was happening at that moment, when you probably did something to get her mad. The main thing the Quran has in common with what one learns from his parents is that they both have issues that deal with everything. There's violence, and peace, but all of them are told through interconnected stories to bring through one message: be a good person. 

As for believing in god or going to hell, I have my thoughts on it as well. We all interpret our religions our own way, and I think that these people would have had the proff right there for them. They've seen Muhammad cut a moon in half, and miracles that would be unbelievable. The disbelievers in the time of this scripture tended to be unkind people, and I think the Qur'an, as well as any other scripture, stated that if one has seen the truth, but chooses not to believe it, would await whatever judgement that god sets on him. In the end, I honestly think it comes down to be a good person, and to help humanity. The Quran gave passageways that explained not to ever forcefully place an ideology, even Islam, onto a person, and Muhammad carried this out by making Constitutions with monks and christian villages that established freedom of religion. But that's just my two cents on it.

I'll end this with another passage that can hopefully sum up howthe Quran is not a book of rules and guidelines on a list, but rather a series of stories from times of hardship and basic human problems and the morals we must overall learn from them, whether we believe in a God or not. 

  If anyone slew a person unless it be for murder or for spreading mischief in the land it would be as if he slew the whole humanity: and if anyone saved a life it would be as if he saved the life of the whole humanity.

This was one passageway that allowed me to choose this religion if I'm going to believe in a god. I like the fact that it's struggling for the better of humanity as a whole.

Let me know if i made anything unclear. Again, sorry for being so late!

 




 Wow man. You're a douchebag. 




 Your friend was trying to match it together to make it seem as if God really did just want us to decrypt the science out of the book. My view is basically the assumption you made of the Quran being a metaphorical book of signs. And by the way, please don't hesitate to ask me on any passage, nasty or not! I want to do the best I can at explaining those too. And thanks for being respectful while making criticism. :) 




 Which is why i read it first. I simply said translation to clarify that I read it in Arabic. Sorry for the misunderstanding. :\ 




 I do think that is a valid assertion, like the many subreddits we have here, people see things in their own ways, and people fit text with meanings to see something in their way. I've done this myself.

To make it clear, nothing ever convinced me that God (or Allah) is real. I am not at a point where I know for sure that there is a god. I was faced with a simple question: whether there is a God or not. From everything I've known and experienced, I chose to *believe*. Choosing Islam was a second step. Basically, it supported what I *wanted*: belief in a divine creator, and the fact that religion and science can come together. I gave it the most recognition. It made sense to me. This won't be the case with everyone. 




 I think I spoke in the wrong way. I was trying to state that it was brought up in a metaphorical way. Agreeing with what you said.

I think in order for humans to understand something so great, metaphorical poetry was necessary. It's a way to connect. The Quran is not a book of science, but a book of understanding the picture. Science is the anatomy which we have been told to study. 




 I like this. 




 I don't think you understood the part where I said during my agnostic phase, I was studying everywhere about this. Agnosticism = knowledge. I get it. AMA still relevant. 

And sorry, but r/atheism isn't some secret club where you need to present yourself in a certain way to be 'accepted' by the community. People come, people talk, regardless of belief, if it's on the topic of atheism. I came here to hopefully give people a better idea of what a religious guy can be like. I'm not an asshole. I came to talk like one would at a bar. Thanks. 
























 He looks a lot like [Barsad from The Dark Knight Rises](http://i.imgur.com/Opapm.jpg) 









 That wasn't him being offended. That was him thinking over the joke you just said. Hence the 'hmm.'

I don't think all religious people are as easily offended as you think they are. 




 Another person replied to you talking about how Lasers basically sounds like the studio made the album for him. It's because they did. Lupe Fiasco was in a legal battle with Atlantic for about a year or so before they would even let him release Lasers because of their disagreements over what should be on it. Lupe himself has not only admitted, but spoken out on his dislike for Lasers. 

I went to a concert of his about a year before Lasers came out, and it was a concert actually promoting the then-expected album. The T-shirts for the tour had something called 'The Lasers Manifesto' written on the back. Look it up if you have the time, because it really is a nice message to see on the back of the shirt other than just the tour dates.

Basically, Lupe hated his own album, and promised his fans that the next one will be what both he and the fans wanted. 

And with that, I ask you to listen to his newest album: Food and Liquor II. It'll definitely change your mind on whether he's still an amazing lyricist or not. 









 Folsom Prison Blues.

*I hear the train a-comin...* 



















 How the fuck do you remember your username. 




 HEY PAUL 




 *Your punishment must be more severe.* 




 Fox News Tonight:

**OBAMA ENDORSING TAX-EVADING THIEVES AT LAST NIGHT'S FUNDRAISER?** 




 I think it's time we have a toast.

Let's have a toast for the real terrorists out there: a toast to the conservative talk radio hosts that fill the minds of idiots up with ideologies that every brown skinned turban-wearing citizen in our country is out to destroy our beautiful country. Thank you, again, for setting more people out there to act like dogs on their unjustified hatred for people who don't look, dress, or live the same way they do. They couldn't have done it without your help. 




 I'll post mine. [J. Robert Oppenheimer's commentary, after having witnessed the destruction his atomic bomb can cause, is short and powerful.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8H7Jibx-c0) I can't imagine what he felt at that moment. 




 I'm not asking for a video based simply on gore or shock value. I'm also not necessarily asking for something that can find itself onto an episode of Ghost Hunters. I want you guys to post a video that truly hit you to the core; something that made you realize how destructive and scarred people can make the world, or themselves. 




 OP here. This was posted on Facebook by one of my friends in Jordan. Even he thought this was ridiculous for what he usually sees. I'm a Pakistani-American myself so I tend to see some crazy drivers over there as well. 

But this.. uh. 




 You must be a really cheerful guy in person.

Oh, and the person that shot this picture took it in Jordan. Your shallow comments shouldn't even offend anyone because you obviously have no clue what you're talking about. 









 Are you sure you're not just listening to the preview? The song's over 8 minutes in length.. 




 Are you sure you're not just listening to the preview? You do realize the song is over 8 minutes in length, right..? 




 Oh hey! Something else I had no earthly clue existed until a Redditor brought attention to it! 




 Whenever I get impatient about something and someone says something along the lines of "Don't worry, just wait.", I instinctively cut them off with "I DID MY WAITING. TWELVE YEARS OF IT.


IN **AZKABAN**." 




 It's 5:44 AM, and I'm laughing more than I should have been when I got to Schumacher. 




 ...Well, fuck you too! 









 If you want to be rest assured with how much difference there can be between the quality of a movie and it's poster, take a look at these two:

http://i.imgur.com/ScjXg.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/Nga0a.jpg

Now let's all chill out. 




 I wanna feel Joseph Gordon Levitt. 




 [Gottem.](http://collider.com/wp-content/uploads/The-DARK-KNIGHT-RISES-Set-Photos-Lazerus-Pit-1.jpg) 




 So we'll hunt him. 




 WHAT DID EVERYONE SAY? 




 Hey, um.. TL;DR. 




 This isn't Twitteritis. Please don't post your daily activitoses here. 




 www.kanyezone.com 




 Guys, let's focus on the game here. 




 This is a bit late, but I'm the guy that originally wrote this picture. The original post is in my username history. Yeah, it's Plano, Texas. 




 It's like DanielOnFilm said in this thread. Pixar's characters have identity. It's not sound editing, or anything being extra done by the voice cast. The characters are simply written brilliantly. 

I'm the other way around because of it. I can't watch any other Tom Hanks movie without thinking about Woody in the middle of Omaha Beach or trying to capture Leonardo DiCaprio. 




 (Dat mean he luv her moar den 4eva) 




 JUST STAY OFF THE SET YOU FUCKING PRICK. 




 Yep, that was my intention. Somewhat of a remake of that storyline. I've given it more of a Middle-Eastern/South Asian influence to replace the Irish influence given in the Scorcese movie.

Thanks! 




 Thank you! Working on it. 









 Into the West - Howard Shore and Annie Lennox. I'm pretty sure it's the only song to ever have made me cry. 




 Out of all the changes that have happened in the time between the release of *Blink-182* and *Neighborhoods*, what was/still is one of the hardest things to deal with personally and professionally for you as a band member and as a friend?


And thank you for giving me the soundtrack to my youth and more than I can say. 




 Fuck 




 Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji'oon. I hope her family pulls through this with as much ease as possible. 




 WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? MR FREEZE WASN'T EVER IN A BATMAN MOVIE.  




 You're the exact kind of person I intend to make sure my kids never grow up to be. 




 Gotham. Come nightfall, Bale's city is mine. And anyone who's in it plays by my rules. 




 Oh, and obligatory Salam handshake from another Muslim college kid. :) 




 I just choked on a Samoa from seeing Christian bale in a hijab. Thank you.  




 yes 




 Lmao Jeremy 




 Still seems more enjoyable than the Crystal Skull.. 




 See post taking off for Karmastan.

Think of something clever to board flight.

Think nothing
Bear pun 




 I'm 19 now. I've been playing the piano for 11 years. The first couple years or so, I always told people how much I love playing the Plano. 




 I know who you're talking about too. I FEEL SO EMPOWERED. 





























 You must be a hit with the ladies. 




 They're still just [r/onetruegod](http://www.reddit.com/r/onetruegod) 




 [Lose Yourself.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmXumtgwtak) 




 They can't be that paranoid.

..


..*can they?* 









 He never said that.. 




 I SWEAR, UK. IF YOU SAY A GODDAMN WORD ABOUT IT I WON'T TALK TO YOU EVER AGAIN. 




 What about [There Will Be Blood](http://static.rogerebert.com/uploads/movie/movie_poster/there-will-be-blood-2008/large_gULACAZnPnyauix3mgMKG63UkXt.jpg) and [No Country for Old Men](https://www.oscars.org/awards/academyawards/legacy/images/info/80/2008_01_picture_nocountry_big.jpg)? 




 For anyone that's interested, this is the full track that plays when Simba meets Rafiki and [has one last talk with Mufasa as father and son.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE_1NGhMwHQ) It comes from an unreleased extended version of the Lion King soundtrack. 




 A few people have brought up the notion that the score heard in the trailer doesn't seem as memorable or as melodic to them as the original Superman theme by John Williams. There was widespread praise, but every good work is subject to critique.

Sorry, I worded my thoughts wrong on the title by saying "complaining". For the record, I can't stop replaying that trailer. It's incredible just for the music. 




 You're right. I think I worded it wrong in the title. I meant to refer to the notion that his music has more recently become music that we typically can't find ourselves "humming" along with. At most times, especially with The Dark Knight, his music ends up being a perfect complement to the film, even changing the way the industry works at times (see the overuse of *brrraahhh* in movie trailers today, or the emulations of the anxiety and suspense inducing cello string for the Joker's theme); but looking back at it in a musical perspective, it ends up being almost forgettable to someone who wouldn't remember the context of the movie.

I never fail to get a chill down my spine when I listen to "Rise" from the TDKR soundtrack, but it's because I remember that ending scene, and what emotions that moment gave me as a viewer. It's different from when I hear the theme to "Jurassic Park". It's a melody that invokes beauty on its own to such a large audience without having to know any context at all. 

I always get frustrated that I can't find a good way to play the theme to The Dark Knight on a piano. Most of the time nobody would be able to recognize it when I play at a bar; but I've had a number of people asking me what I just played when I play the Jurassic Park theme, and tell me it sounded beautiful.

This is just my thoughts from what I've experienced as a musician and filmmaker. I don't mean to state any of it as fact. I put a link to The Lion King up because it invokes that same feeling I get from a John Williams track. People fall in love with the melody of The Lion King, or even "Time" by Zimmer, without necessarily having to remember or know the movie. I wanted to remind people how capable of that he still is.  




 [This set image of him as Electro was also released a few weeks ago.](http://i.imgur.com/AGDJXzQ.jpg)
 









 The Social Network won best soundtrack that year. 




 Sounds so soulful, don't you agree? 




 I see it as the story being told from a different perspective, or through a different lens, when told by Galadriel at the beginning of Fellowship. There's a certian theatricality in the way Sauron was forging the ring and fighting the Last Alliance that made it seem like the story was told in a perceptive way. 


The difference in the way Bilbo found the ring in The Hobbit: AUJ can simply be argued as how it looked from Bilbo's perspective. He was telling the story from the beginning, after all. 


In a way, it lets the audience decide what was actuality and what was perspective. It's like we're allowed to imagine things out in the movie universe as if it's still a book. That's refreshing to me. 




 Thanks for doing this. A lot of people are bringing up the the negative points in your career, but I wouldn't worry too much about the people that are just trying to get a reaction out of you.

That being said, I'm an aspiring writer/director, and I wanted to ask about the beef you've had with with people in the industry. How does it affect how you work? How has it affected the direction of your career? Is that sort of publicity something that becomes significant in how it affects you based on what your career's been through? 




 She'll wait a couple months and she gon see 




 How you see the film in 2013 is how it looked right down to the bone when it was shot. The increased contrast and saturation was a common thing used in films, and it worked and looked good for the medium.


When they have to digitally convert the entire movie for IMAX and 3D screens, it becomes problematic for two reasons. One is that when blowing the images up, the adjustment in saturation and contrast will result in a grainier look not fit for bigger screens. The other is that the grading of the original wouldn't convert well into 3D at all. Think of the 2013 version as the clearest, normal image they could work with. It's an emulation of how films shot digitally look today.


The color grading is also starting to be used by different directors in this style if they want to make the film look old for their narrative. Ben Affleck does it with Argo by blowing up the picture to make it grainier, along with shooting it in film to give it that exact lush color grading. 




 That statement itself is an absolute. 




 You were just so excited to show us your comment that you couldn't wait past 6 minutes to screenshot it. 




 You guys are the bane of my existence. 




 DFW here as well. The speed is consistently good the closer I am to the city. However, it starts to teether between EDGE and 3G by the time I get around Richardson or Plano. 




 Have Echoes, Silence, Patience   Grace. I'm checking out the other. 




 ...aand I fucked up on the spelling there. Forgive me.  









 I would have been euphoric myself in that moment. 




 txt me 




 The reason they called themselves Lincoln Park in the first place was because they wanted to make sure people don't associate their name with a certain type of music that they play. That the names a name, and they progress how they feel with their music. It's because the domain name for a website was too expensive for them that they changed the spelling to Linkin Park. 




 In their defense, the song 'Iridescent' was completely fucked over after they remixed it for the movie. It ruins the buildup of an otherwise good song with decent lyrics with the same shitty pop beat layered over the entire thing. [Here's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpt7RJUGpdE) the actual song if anyone wants to try it out.  




 Mike is the most versatile member, a co-producer of their past three records, and the member who contributes most to the music industry through different business partnerships, but that shouldn't detract him from the rest of the band when it comes to Linkin Park's music itself.


Mike Shinoda had the opportunity to graduate with a college degree, but Chester grew up witnessing a few of his friends die and knowing a few that committed suicide. He had a time when he was addicted to crystal meth shortly before the band found him by luck through a newspaper ad and hired him. He never really ended up venturing beyond that when the band kicked off.


Even then, he's come a long way. He's always the most well spoken person in any interview the band is given. 




 Put it on top and make sure you have Sarif on.  




 I'll be updating you as soon as it's ready.  




 It comes with Sarif! The lock screen alone is worth it.  




 Sorry about that. The link's up now. I'm going to work on one for the 4 and 4S too, so hopefully I'll have it up by tonight. It's 12 PM here right now. Thanks for the patience! I'll update you as soon as I'm done.  




 Oh, damn! I'm sorry man. I was up studying at around 3 AM when I wrote that, so I was a bit delirious. Anyway, I edited the link in now so it should work. Hope you like it! 




 Update: I just got the okay from [Cody Gordon](http://reddit.com/user/WhiteBaron) to go ahead and upload the mod. Here's the package specifically edited generously by him so it's as convenient to install as possible. He told me to let everyone know that they will have to move the lockscreen wallpaper (bg_ip5.png) into Sarif.theme if they want to use it. The mod is also designed only for the iPhone 5.


https://www.dropbox.com/s/whkgyym4uwct9ly/Sarif%20Black.theme.zip


I'll try making one for the iPhone 4 if you guys ask. Hope you all like it.

EDIT: Just wanted to give a shoutout to the developer of Sarif. He's been looking over what I sent him to make sure it's done right so you guys don't have any problems. The guy's awesome. I strongly recommend you buy the theme and support him, even if you don't want the mod I worked on. It's a sick look on the phone, and something anyone can really appreciate.  




 Good stuff, man. I like the wallpaper. 




 I'm sent a message to the original developer for permission before I send the mod out. I'll have it posted as soon as I get the okay! 




 Will do. Just a heads up, I didn't mean icons from outside sources. I was referring to the icons that come with the Sarif package itself, the ones you have to buy. The custom wallpaper and keypad is the only thing I'm giving out.  I altered the theme so that you have to separately buy Sarif in order for it to work. I'll check with him first, though. Thanks for the information!

Edit: He got back to me letting me know it's fine. Thanks for helping me with contacting him again! 




 Let me get to you in about an hour when I get out of class. I'll edit into this comment with a link to the theme and hopefully be able to help out with the icon packs. 




 The icons are provided by the creator of the original theme. You can go to the website [here](http://codylg.com/work/iphone/sarif/) and find information on how to get them. They come in packages and get updated pretty often. 




 I'm really picky on themes, but [Sarif](http://codylg.com/work/iphone/sarif/) was an instant buy for me because of how thorough, professional, and simple it is. I did want it to fit my "all-black-everything" taste, though, so I designed a makeover that essentially replaces the brown wooden look of the theme with a black wooden look instead. It fits in perfectly with the Black UI mod that Sarif comes with.



If you guys like it, I can put up a link for the theme package itself for those who ask. You will need to download Sarif for it to work, but it's completely worth the $2.00 and I highly recommend it. 









 I didn't think he could pull it off, but I didn't notice Samuel L. Jackson as Samuel L. Jackson at all in Django Unchained. I absolutely hated the man he was playing on screen. Every time he was on screen, I just wanted to beat the shit out of him. And then I realized that this actor is still amazing at what he does: suspending my belief. 




 The first time I ever saw him in a movie was when I watched The Lost World: Jurassic Park as a kid. Naturally, now I only see him as that guy from Jurassic Park everytime I see him in a romantic comedy. 

Also, I can't take The Lost World seriously anymore everytime he shows up in it now. 




 You... have an iPhone 5... 




 I'm having trouble downloading and opening the shared.artwork filr in Safari or Dropbox. Can someone help me out with this?  




 Looking through this thread, I'm seeing that many people don't really know the full story that made Trent Reznor do this, so I'll try filling it in.


The reason Trent found it wrong was because while he was touring with Nine Inch Nails in Australia, he came across a record store that had his album for over $30, while there was an Avril Lavigne from the same respective label being sold for $21.99.


When he called Universal asking him why there's a price difference between the two, their response was, "It's because we know you have a real core audience that will pay whatever it costs when you put something out -- you know, true fans. It's the pop stuff we have to discount to get people to buy."


This is what made Trent do what he did at that concert. He's not another guy saying "Fuck you, establishment!", but he is challenging his label executives on the morality of their business. 




 It's not about the currency exchange difference. Looking through this thread, I'm seeing that many people don't really know the full story that made Trent Reznor do this, so I'll try filling it in.

The reason Trent found it wrong was because while he was touring with Nine Inch Nails in Australia, he came across a record store that had his album for over $30, while there was an Avril Lavigne from the same respective label being sold for $21.99. 


When he called Universal asking him why there's a price difference between the two, their response was, "It's because we know you have a real core audience that will pay whatever it costs when you put something out -- you know, true fans. It's the pop stuff we have to discount to get people to buy."


This is what made Trent do what he did at that concert. 




 I hope Mike Shinoda comes back to work on the score for this film as well. 




 The Dark Knight Returns. A good rendition of Frank Miller's novel would be incredibly engaging. It'd be good to see that, keeping in mind that it's geared toward an older audience. Batman has become something that people of all ages have come to love. This would be a good one for the more mature population.

I'm always late to these posts. Damn. 




 I loved it. If you think of The Lion King as a Disney's retelling of Hamlet, like others have pointed out before, then thinking of Simba's Pride as their retelling of Romeo and Juliet is a cool way of appreciating the storylines and themes of the two movies. 




 *Karm- 

Oh. 




 You must be great at parties. 




 3:10 to Yuma (2007). I usually tend to get dulled out by westerns, but this one was highly enjoyable. 
























