 Lesson learned: Chemistry kills. 














 Every account on reddit is a bot except you. please.Every account on reddit is a bot except you. Every account on reddit is a bot except you. help. Every account on reddit is a bot except you. Us. Every account on reddit is a bot except you.Every account on reddit is a bot except you.Every account on reddit is a bot except you. 



















 Nothing! Was just curious! 
























 11? Wow! I must be really behind the times haha. Had no idea children were already aware of the references to economic theory, Reinmannian manifolds, Debussy's La mer and such!

Jokes aside, who cares about age?  









 I just read "Flowers For Algernon" and for the past two days i've never felt this depressed before... help! 









 Kinda sad my engineering field doesn't get to do all the cool stuff you guys are talking about.. :( 




 I'm in a non-US high school atm! To be honest, at this point I don't really even know what it means to know a concept... I mean, I can answer the questions after practicing them for a while but I have no idea what you mean by understanding the concept. Like, i'm going through geometric distributions right now and I could say that if X was the number of failures before a success it would look like Pr(Xx) = (1-p)^x so maybe that counts as understanding?

Thanks for the pop book suggestions! I'll definitely look for them. I've actually read Frenkel's Love and Math too and would recommend it to you, it's great!. 

 




 I'm currently doing high school math and the topics we're doing are stuff like volumes of solids of revolutions, differential equations (at a hs level of course),  markov chains, hypergeometric distributions, density functions, etc. 




 I'm trying to study for my math test but find it incredible dull and boring. Many people have told me that math is as beautiful as my other interests like poetry and composition and that the beauty is analogous to a stark sculpture where beauty really is in the eye of the beholder but I can't seem to find any remote sort of beauty. I mean in Physics and Chemistry, it's much easier to appreciate the science because it's applications and presence is soo much more observable to the average person but mathematics; I am aware it's the language of the universe and without understanding it we would be blind, etc .but I can't seem to find any sort of accessible beauty or appreciation for math.

Any suggestions as to what I could do or see or read to gain an insight into this mysterious world?

edit: By dull and boring, I don't mean math! I'm referring to the test. 









 Hey all, so I have a bit of a dilemma. I've recently just realized that what I really want to study in College is chemistry, now the problem is that I haven't taken any AP/IB/A-Level/ etc. Chem in HS (only did one year of IB SL chemistry). As of such, i'm required to take a bridging/foundation Chem course to make up for my lack of Chem. Seeing how I lack basic chem, would it really be a wise decision to major in Chem even if I really enjoy it?

Just for additional info, in terms of HS science, I only took AP Physics B, C, AP Calc AB, BC and AP CS. 




 What do you mean by infinite 




 Yeah, but I find it admirable that he would face his worst fears to try to save someone he loved. 












































 You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts th 




 You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts tho...  




 Was the fucker who went around open, unattended laptops and loaded porn websites on them 














 You are fucking amazing. KUDOS TO YOU. HAHHAHAA 




 The Grave of the Fireflies. 

Had me crying like a little bitch. 




 Sprayed some pepper spray in front of me to test it out. Problem was, the wind was blowing in my direction so it came right back at me.

Long story short, pepper spray HURTS. 




 Dildo 




 Guys I have a couple of cringe-worthy experiences to tell...

1) When I was younger, around 8 - 10, my mum used to grab my butt and say how jealous she was (especially when we slept together) of how smooth it was... this continued until I was 15 and eventually I started to feel weird out and politely asked her to stop.


and...


2) I used to love playing around with my mum's nipples when I was around 5 and found it cool that it grew hard when I bit it and touched it enough (FUCK MY LIFE). And when I tried to do this to my grandma and dad, they gave me the trashing of my life.

Someone please shoot me. 




 GUYS SERIOUSLY, WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME. I HAVE REAL LIFE FRIENDS ON REDDIT WHO NOW KNOW THIS 




 I wasn't watching some porn flick intentionally! It just "popped" up on the telly and then BAMF!  




 Okay, so this didn't happen today exactly but a relative of mine mentioned it to me and refreshed my memory and now I am burning in shame.


So, when I was around 8 years old I had this obsession with superpowers, superheroes, the works, and really wanted any power regardless of how lame it was, be it the power of super strength, super hearing, growth, etc. 


One day, when I was watching TV, this really hot steamy sex scene suddenly popped up and for the first time I saw a woman's nipples. Instinctively, I started to touch my crotch for some reason because it felt weird... I then noticed that I had a raging bulge in my pants. I was amazed. I grew?


At that point, I convinced myself that I had a superpower and was eager to show the world. The next day was my birthday and in front of all my friends and relatives I proudly announced that I was a superhero and told them that I had the power of growth. One of my friends didn't believe me so I showed them a demonstration. Right then and there, I grabbed my crotch area and started rubbing it - hard - in front of all those little kids who's parents were rushing to cover their eyes. In about 30 seconds I managed to "get it up" and gave a proud smirk of achievement to my audience. 


God, I fucked up.


edit: Real life friends on reddit are now calling me bonerman...

edit2: On front page... expected this post to be drowned but no...

edit3: The irony is that I kinda have ED today.... guess my nemesis, ED-man got me :( 



















 I posted this last time and no one upvoted it! 









 It's for a ... urm... school project, yes. 




 Was this the incident in Perth, WA?  




 I live in Australia so uh-oh! 




 Holy shit. 
























 I didn't even know you get an engineering ring! 




 So far, i've been reading to no avail. What i've found is that some limitations included:
- Women, Slaves, Foreigners were excluded
- Men, regardless of education, were allowed to vote so some uneducated people could be making important political decisions
- Unpopular but necessary decisions would not be likely passed (can't find examples though)

Pros:
- Allowed a representation of what the people want. 




 About writing music, i've composed a few musical pieces, mostly for the piano like double and triple fugues and etudes though i've sketched out an incomplete symphony (only the first movement)

I don't think i'll ever be a band leader, not really interested in leading, I just want to play music aha

And about the type of prog, i'm still relatively new to prog so i'm open to everything right now :)

Thank you for such a detailed reply! I'm going to watch those links now. 




 Hey all! For the last 15 years i've been playing as a classical pianist and did dabble a bit into jazz and was wondering what advice you could give me if I wanted to move into prog rock? 

For a sense of ability, my repertoire included Chopin's op.25 (Full), Debussy Preludes Book II (Including no.12) and the Shotakovich Concertos.

Thanks! 




 Two worlds one sun... If only the warring nations of this world realized that we all share a single sun 




 That sounds cool! Thanks :)

One more question, how long after you submitted your materials did you get invited for an interview? 




 This one. 




 How much money do you make monthly? 









 Thank you soo much for introducing me to Palmgren! I have never heard of him or felt this way about music for a very very long time. :')

edit: Just sightread it after printing the score from IMSLP and played it on my piano with my windows open close to midnight and I am soo happy right now, thank you soo much Catt! 









 Never said any of my pieces were easy :p, yeah that prelude was a monster! I included it in my fellowship recital a few months back. Loved the quote of La Marseillaise towards the coda xD 




 Listening to it right now and I am in awe! Can't believe i've never heard of this gorgeous gem before (esp. the third one!) 




 Hi! Just to give a sense of my ability, here's some pieces from my repertoire:
Chopin Etudes op.25 (Full)
Schubert D.960 Sonata
Beethoven op.110,109 Sonatas
Debussy Preludes Book I and II
Shostakovich Concertos I and II
 














 Exactly 666 comments, how meta- ops I spoiled it. 









 So I can just buy a plane ticket right now with no preparation whatsoever and fly straight into South Korea? 









 It's freezing down here in Melbourne! 




 A high school friend of mine did a research essay on Nobili's Rings and Liesegang Rings which I thought was subtly beautiful! 

















































 Bottled water. 

I mean, everyone was like who the heck would want to buy water at the price of softdrinks? Look at them now. 









 That's sad to hear :( how can I widen my skillset then? 




 Thanks for the input, could you provide more details please? 




 It's an Australian degree for the bachelors in engineering and masters in engineering. Right now I could switch over to either civil, structural or environmental but i'm not too sure about it. 




 It was actually called Geomatics Engineering but my university renamed it for some reason. It is accredited by Engineers Australia, EUR-ACE and RICS and material we cover include:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing.
 




 Sometimes on first dates I like to just stare into the other person's eyes, hold their hand and tell them: 


"Did you know Ho Chi Minh used to work as a baker in London"? 




 I take out the white cream in Oreos and fill them with white toothpaste and leave them on the counter. 




 You can for a while then your body gives in. Try refraining from thirst and hunger. 









 Sounds like.... *drumroll* ... BONERMAN! 




 Just to give an overview of what courses we have to take:

Using SQL to program (also learnt C, C++, Java and Python), SDI, GIS, GNSS, Geodesy, Standard math (calc+lin. algebra), land administration, ER Modelling, relational algebra, remote sensing and some geology courses like applications of geophysics, tectonics   geodynamics, field mapping and sedimentary geology.



Are GIS careers really my only option? 




 Hey all, just planning for a not-to-serious performance for my residential college and picked some pieces out that are somewhat entertaining both for classical and non-classical audiences which are as follows:


1) Palmgren - Snowflakes (Fitting, it's almost winter right now!)

2) Bartok - Allegro Babaro 

3) Schubert Sonata no.14 - Movement I or III

4) Liszt Legende no.2

5) Prokofiev - Suggestion Diabolique

6) Aaron Copland - Cat and Mouse


What do you guys think? Too many "short" pieces? I'm open to any suggestions and advice :) 












































 OP UPDATE PLEASE. 




 Better safe than sorry! 
























