 I just recently hit level 20, with around 14k ip saved up to buy tier 3 runes. Im planning to make two basic AD and AP rune pages, and then later specialize. ( I have 4 rune pages) My main problem is what quints should I get for the AD page? I hear things like 2 attack speed quints and 1 ad quint, all AD, all AS, 3 movement quints, lifesteal quints and many other things. What would be best?

My most played roles that use AD are in the order of Top, Jungle, then ADC.
 









 No matter how good you are, you can't win them all. Sometimes you have teammates that are so braindead that it is impossible to win. Just remember though that the only common denominator is you. There must be something you could be doing better to help you win. 




 Bad luck streaks happen. I just had a 10 game losing streak, and now ive won 5 straight. Dont worry, It all balances out eventually. 




 Sunfire cape is great on champions that deal in extended trades or have a dps ability (like Shyvana or Mundo). For example, sunfire cape is almost always my second item on shyvana (after I build cutlass, and not if I'm against someone like ryze) 




 As a newer player, I did the same thing when I first started. However i'd advise to go to PVP as immediately as you can. I actually found it easier, as you're facing other new players who make mistakes too, and you learn so much more so much faster. It's also much more fun. 




 Akali. You can easily snowball out of control off of one kill, and no one ever buys pink wards to counter her either. 




 Akali is actually a good and fun champion to play top. If you can capitalize on a mistake early on, or the jungler successfully ganks top, you can easily snowball out of control. Top is easily the most snowbally lane, and Akali is one of the most snowbally champions. Combine them and it can get insane. 




 As a fellow noob, I find that playing a couple bot games with a new champion helps a ton. Sure, you may my be getting much competition from them, but it lets you get the basics of a champion down pat before you play against the actual skilled opponents. 




 I've been trying Akali out this week, and i absolutely love her. I am probably going to buy her and start using her a lot. The one major downside to her that i have heard is that she has plenty of troubles once you reach a higher elo. I was just wondering, around what division does her effectiveness fall because of things such as people buying pink wards to counter her, etc.  




 Another one is Ryze, and that is because of him being able to gain insane damage from tank items, and that his passive basically let's him spam those spells non-stop. 




 My advice is just to slowly phase out using the space bar to center you. It's not a huge deal if you need to use it, but it's good not to have to rely on keeping a finger on the space bar. 









 I was really hoping for a free Zed or Akali week. As a new player I have been dying to try either of the two. 




 As a lower level player without runes, I reccomend using Warwick for now. You can learn the basics with him quite easily, he has plenty of room for error, and he has deadly ganks at level 6. 




 I'm a pretty new player to league, and i'm just trying to plan my rune pages for after I hit level 20. At the current moment im just trying to get some basic rune pages set up, and then in the future specialize. The one thing i've noticed in all of my research has been that you should use health seals  over armor seals now. The thing i've been wondering is how much better are they? Is the difference minor enough that i can save the extra 5000 ip for the time being and just use the armor seals, or is it a noticeable enough disadvantage that i should shell out the extra money right off the bat? 

I play top the most, followed by jungle and mid. 




 *groan* 




 The reason why you havent seen him in the show since season 1 is that his actor had scheduling problems. He has a much larger part in the books 




 There's no real reason at all. Besides the fact that he's secretly the prince that was promised, Azor Ahai reborn, and all that good stuff. 




 Thats what seemed so fucked up about it. I just can't imagine someone actually taking the time to record and play something like that. I had to actually keep telling myself that it was real, not just some sick fetishists story. Who the fuck could do this shit.  




 I appreciate knowing the punch line in the title. Thanks! 




 /u/preggit , how dare you mod this heretic?!? 




 People have the same reaction to my dick pics :'( 




 The old 'dick pic to the inbox' approach. Works every time. 




 What is your favorite movie and why is it finding nemo? 




 Good luck remembering the news stations number. 




 It won't be a problem. The amnesia will cause their body to forget about their diabetes and they'll be cured! 




 I've never heard of someone having bad enough amnesia to forget their own hand. 




 *You're goddamn right!* 




 *Like your tears*

Then BAM go for the nut shot! 




 He wrote that. It's in his song "Evil Twin" 




 Care to share any of the others? 




 All aboard the *Kane Train*! 




 It's actually weird, because both of those could work for GoT references, but I don't think they were intended to be. My brain hurts. 




 *cue shitty broken arms joke* 




 This story is so much better if you read 'penis' instead of 'pens' 




 Pay a large fine in only ass pennies. 




 "Stalin's gonna make fun of me for having a higher k/d ratio." :( 




 Hey man, when that extremely specific conversation comes up eventually, I'll know *exactly* what to say! 




 The times I have affected someone's life for the negative.  




 Amount of time spent on the computer 




 It might be easier to count the times that I'm not masturbating. 




 idk bro it would actually be like pretty cool. like OMG it would be alot. Like literally 5 trillion times.

^^^sorry 




 You can tell he's been waiting months for an opportunity to tell this joke. 




 http://imgur.com/a/pkgos#0 




 You've got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling

To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some. 




 Mine was basically "Wear a condom and don't stick your dick in crazy." 









 ^^Thatsthejoke 




 Or fuck my girlfriend 




 What's the point of working out if you can't post a heavily edited selfie on Instagram with the caption "Workout time! \#workout #beachbody #dedicated #jacked #jkimfat #likeforlike 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 \tfw Unidan won't demonstrate the mating ritual of the American Crow on you 




 Why did the chicken cross the road?

To get to the other side! 

^comedy ^gold 




 Maggie's sister. The blonde girl who was with Daryl. 




 I'll miss Beth. I'm really rooting for her to survive. I enjoy the optimism and 'innocence' she has.  









 You could say the same thing about your mothers 'big bang'. *Everywhere at once.* 




 Unless we go into some sort of Brave New World type society. 




 I made mostly everyone physical into a Hero, with a couple Paladins and a Swordmaster.  




 A big rule of smart gambling is that until you walk out the door with the money you gained/lost, you didn't "lose anything". Like lets say you won 10 grand, and then subsequently lost it on your next bet, you didn't lose 10 grand, you just didn't gain anything. Of course, its better to play smart and not lose that money in the first place, but if you do, don't worry about it. That's what will cause you to start losing your *actual* money trying to get it back. 




 You just gotta know where to buy them. You can't just go to 'Loincloths R Us', pick the first one you, see and expect a good deal. 




 As someone who is struggling through only a no-grind, no streetpass Lunatic run, that sounds like complete hell. I honestly don't know if doing a run like that would be possible. Without a defense boost from Frederick, a +def avatar wouldn't have enough def to reliably tank in the early levels, making you rely purely on Freddy, which would screw you for the later levels. 




 It's gotta be at least one. If you don't jerk off to yourself in the mirror, you got a problem. 




 I could imagine it being bad, and just going downhill from there.

"How many people masturbated to me?"

"3"

"Eh, that's pretty low. Were the girls hot at least?"

"They were guys."

"Were the *guys* decent looking then?"

"It was the old guy who lives next door, your gym teacher, and your creepy uncle." 

"..fuck" 




 Oh I know this one! It's from ["Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerors Balls"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pq-4oAZbtI), right?

^^right?.....

[(this is an actual film)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whorrey_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer's_Balls) 




 I'm so sick of these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane! 




 In my opinion, Lunatic Casual is probably easier than Hard Classic. It definitely would take away from the game. 




 They say music can alter moods and talk to you,

Well can it load a gun and cock it too?

If it can, the next time you assault a dude,

Tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued.

Sing for the moment- Eminem 




 Its a popular show, so it has a large fanbase that would vote highly on it. What I'm surprised about is that season 2 and 3 are ranked higher then most of season 4 and 1, which have been the best seasons so far. 




 I honestly feel the opposite. The character development is a lot better this season, and unlike past seasons there isn't really anyone that you truly don't care about. The only member of the main group that I'm indifferent about is Sasha. 









 After you get past level 2, it actually isn't really that bad. Its challenging, but not masochistic. Lunatic+ is a whole different story. Its not even masochistic, its just pure insane. If I didn't see a video of someone beating it, I would think it was literally impossible. 




 Access to lunatic+ (AKA stupidly-hard mode) is the only thing you get from it. The satisfaction of beating Lunatic is good enough for me though 




 I have. I'm on level 6 right now, and my Avatar is insane. Level 17 with 16 defense, she's stronger then frederick in every single stat and could probably solo levels if I wanted her to. 




 For me it was around 24 hours on hard, not including my many resets when a character would die. 




 If you think that is difficult, try lunatic mode. It took me literally 2 weeks and easily over 10 hours of gameplay just to get past the second mission. 




 Its hard to explain without some spoilers, but it does all make sense in the game. 




 [Here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5P6ztpTMdc) is the full conversation if you're curious.

In short, Gregor (the old guy), has some drunk girl madly in love with him try to propose over and over again. He has Ricken (the little kid) dress up and pretend to be his girlfriend to get her off his back. 




 Gregor is my favorite. Whats better then the 40 year old, russian womanizer? 




 Its a war game, and a great one at that. However a big side portion of the game is building up character 'supports', which makes them help eachother in battle more. They can also have children, which are usually the best units in the game. This leads many people to focus purely on the relationship and eugenics side of the game, to try to get the most overpowered kids possible. 




 I actually will miss him. He had the art of getting downvotes but still being funny at the same time. He had  less than 5k karma left before he would have made it to a impressive -100k karma. 




 No offense is taken. I made these pairings purely on a fun first time playthrough, not caring about stats. I'd rather know if it would work before I started grinding then after I did. Thanks. 




 Hey guys, I am a pretty novice FE player (only played Shadow dragon and Awakening), and I have recently decided that I want to grind up my team and try to beat apotheosis. I was just wondering, how neccessary are optimal parent pairings in it? My only kids at the moment (im planning to get them all of course) are Sully!Lucina, Sully!Kjelle, Gregor!Severa, and Gaius!Yarne. Would those kids work well enough or be too subpar? 




 You could just always go on to /fit/ you know 




 Edit: I meant to put reproducing instead of producing in the title. 






























































































 http://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=crs%20piglet

(Yes, i know theyre all smurfs, just look at the cs levels) 




 Oh that's even stupider then! 




 So will the entire tournament or just the first rounds be on the S5 patch? Either sounds incredibly stupid. 




 Plz no 




 Poppy has a 100% win rate in competitive play.

Alistar, Zilean and Maokai were pick or ban at worlds. Renekton and Jax weren't picked once.

Kassadin is finally balanced for competitive play.  




 He's got a 50% win ratio, many pros have said he's still strong, even competitively viable as a niche pick. He's not as strong as he was before, but he's still in a good place, especially compared to some picks. 




 Yeah that's what I'll do. The good thing about bronze is that 90% of people have any idea of wave control, so I can just freeze by my turret and end up outcsing him by a large margin. Still annoying though as the only way to guarantee wins as top lane in bronze is by wrecking your lane opponent. Going even doesn't mean anything in an elo where there is often 50/60 kill games. 




 Irelia top, and I hate darius. Here in bronze, if I pick irelia, I'm guaranteed to have someone 'counterpick' a darius. Like i am not even kidding, the last 10
games I picked irelia, 8 times they picked a darius into me. While I don't feed him, it's still annoying to know you will have 0 impact on the game for a long time. Especially in bronze where teammates are at best unreliable. 




 Pingu 




 Jax's E, counterstrike. One of the strongest abilities in the game, but all levelling it up does is add 25 base damage and a slightly lower cooldown to it. 




 You can't jungle effectively without runes. They make a HUGE difference in the early clears. You will climb so much easier in every role if you get some. They basically give you a free 1000 gold in stats at the start of the game. 




 AP chogath. You have insane base damages AND ratios. Like your Q is something like 300+ 1AP, your W is 280+ .7AP and your ult is 720+ .7AP true damage! You can bully lane if you play him right, and if you get an early kill you will snowball out of control. Going ROA, Zhonyas, abyssal, etc. will make you fairly tanky, and still able to one shot their carry while chunking the rest of their team if you can land your Q consitently. 




 Jungle jax shouldn't,  you will already have an extra wars from your flare anyhow, and someone who is as gold dependant as him can't afford to waste that early 800 gold, especially on a junglers income. 




 It has an amazing splash art, and is IMO the best model of her skins too.  




 I would go ancient golem over flare on volibear however. The 25% bonus health is huge on him.  




 That just looks painful  




 He actually goes only 5% CDR blues, this lets him have 10% at lvl 1 with masteries, and 40% with a frozen heart and spirit visage. 




 Smokey the volibear 




 My favorite NA team and my favorite EU team are going. Today is a good day  




 Jungle jax is actually really good 




 Cho'gath is actually really good built as an AP bruiser. He has insane ratios (his full combo does more then most assassins) and really good natural tankyness. If you build items like a ROA, Abyssal sceptre, Zhonyas, you can delete squishy targets while still being a decent front line. 




 I skimmed through most of it, and it looks pretty damn good. The build is a textbook lux build, with plenty of good information too. If you're a new player trying to learn her it is perfect. Don't blindly follow the mobafire hate train, the highly rated guides on it are good nowadays, just be careful for any 'troll' ones. 




 How do I help carry low elo from top lane. Unless I get stupidly fed it feels like I have 0 impact on the game. There is no dragon fights or wards to tp to to gank, and roaming will just result in my jungler farming wraiths while we dance around mid turret and my laner splitpushing like crazy.  




 Try to salvage what lane is least behind. There are some games that are just unwinnable though. Even LCS players lose some games when climbing through the lower ranks. 




 I prefer it like this. It's history 




 The shiv proc will crit, giving him extra burst, plus it is cheaper, gives him more movement speed, and he can still get 100% crit chance with proper runes. 




 If you aren't auto attacking as ryze, you are playing him wrong. Especially early on in lane, you can weave several autos into your combo for extra harass. 




 With riven you should basically all-in him  every time he even looks at a minion. Try to stand in front of his minion wave so he has to walk through you to stack, and your AOE damage won't push the wave that way. Eventually it will reach his turret, but by then he should either be low enough to dive with a jungler, or he should have barely any stacks. Once he starts freezing in front of his turret, or he becomes too tanky to realistically kill, you are free to roam and start snowballing your team while he tries to farm his way out of being a witherbot. 




 It depends on the jungler, you should rush damage on someone like Kha'zix, but not somebody like Jarvan. (except for an early brut or hex) Vi is a bit strange, as she can be built for both damage and tankyness depending on the team comp and how you're doing.  




 They just played fusion again, and stomped them. Robert got a penta 




 Robert, bubba, and prolly were the were the reasons why I liked complexity so much this year. I sure hope they actually want to try to make the lcs with this team, because I will be a fan 100% 




 Jax. A full build jax can 1v1 99% of the champs in the game, arguably the best splitpusher in the game, and can blow up any squishes in teamfights. 




 A game I played yesterday, we were down 5 kills to 12 early on. I was 5/0 at the time. It was something like a 0/5/1 orianna, 0/3/2 teemo, 0/3/0 Morgana, 0/2/0 ezreal.  




 Lux. Lets hope we never watch any comedy movies, or crack any jokes, or anything that makes her laugh. 




 implying sneaky doesn't 420blaze with Meteos all day 




 I'm honestly starting to wonder if they are secretly sponsored by chipotle at all. As tasty as it is, no man can physically eat at much as Meteos reportedly does 




 Anyone have a link to the article? 




 A hypercarry is usually considered as a champion that during the late game can almost single handedly carry a game due having insane damage, with innate safetyness due to range/tankyness/invulnerability. 

Some examples are Jax, Tristana, Ryze, Kog'Maw, Poppy, Tryndamere Nasus. Some debated ones are are Master Yi, , Vayne, Karthus. 




 There is 0 reason to sell flare on warwick. It synergizes so well with his ult, and by the time it comes around to sell it, it should have enough stacks to make it worth keeping. 




 Just FYI on why nasus players rush armor, it is because of his passive lifesteal. Let's say he is gaining 50 health per Q, if he has 1000 health he would gain 5% of his life back, but if he has 1500 health, he would
gain 3% of his health back. It also makes potions and all of that more effective allowing him to sustain longer in lane. 




 Usually you want an assassin if there is one or more high priority targets on the other team, that you will reasonably be able to blow up.  You shouldn't pick them against a team with a way of stopping or mitigating your burst (kayle, zilean),  




 You desperately need to build some tank after your Triforce, or you'll
Just get blown up before you can do any damage. A Bork would work as like a last item, and if you ever get to be full build, you should 100% of the time build a Bork to replace your lizard. 




 And talon 




 Bronze 1 is actually the best division IMO. Everyone wants to get to silver so they try hard, and everyone knows they're subpar players so there is no flaming. 




 ADC item changes made hypercarries such as Tristana and Kog'maw very strong in the bottom lane.

There is more of a 'hypertank' meta in top now, notably with Maokai and Alistar. AD nidalee is currently pick or ban status.

Exhaust nerfs, plus a need to eliminate the hypercarries in bot lane have brought back assassins. Talon and Zed are notably strong.

Nerfs to Lee Sin, Evelynn, and Elise have made them less oppressing, but still strong. KhaZix with a W max has made a resurgence. 




 Just build full tank with a sunfire. When you're fed as Mundo you basically become unkillable, and the enemies have a choice of trying to kill your team and letting you slowly kill them or to focus you and let your damage dealers tear them apart. 




 Proc is basically a term for activating an effect. Like you proc your guardian angel when you die, or you proc Vaynes silver bolts on her third hit. 




 It's more of a trade-off. You are guaranteed a safer laning phase, and you can even bully some tanks (excluding Ali), but you also have little kill pressure and less roaming potential. Since Akali is all about roaming and snowballing off kills, I'm personally not a fan of Akali top unless you pick her into a strong matchup 




 Ask them if they secretly had "the fappening" opened back stage and that was what inspired them to win 




 I've actually found a ton of recent success with him in the jungle. He has a earlier powerspike then lane Jax with a feral flare+Triforce. He has fairly strong ganks and decent clears, and great sustain (counterstrike basically makes camps do 0 damage, just be careful about running OOM) You need to be careful about early invades (especially pre-3, where you won't be able to ward jump to safety) , but you aren't a sitting duck like Amumu either. 




 KogMaw OP please nerf rito 




 Unless you think that you could burst one of them down with a few autos and a E+R combo, just rocket jumping away is the safest choice. Just remember that your strongest points levelwise are 2, 6-8, and then 13+. Itemwise you are the weakest ADC in the game after the first item is completed. 




 Max your E first, or at minimum put a couple early points in it before you max your Q. This gives you much stronger trading in lane, as a AA-E-AA does pretty decent damage. You aren't going to be needing the extra attack speed much early on, as you shouldn't be doing more then a couple autos in a row in lane. 

Also, I find that building a Statiik shiv before an IE can make tough/behind lanes a lot easier. The shiv synergizes so well with your E passive, giving you great wave clear to let you farm easier. With Tristanas weak mid game you won't be duelling anyone anyways, but if you jump on to someone, E in mid air, auto(+shiv proc)  and then ult them away, you have quite high burst early on and can grab you some kills if the opponent is missing some health. 




 Heres a couple for top.

Poppy has a quite weak laning phase, but has one of the best team fights in the game. A full build poppy is the strongest champion in the game IMO (Excluding unreasonably farmed Nasuses/Sions/Veigars)

Malphite can't do much in lane, but has amazing initiations

Mundo has a weak early game, but becomes an unkillable monster who deals good damage in teamfights. 

Jax has trouble early on but then goes into Jax-mode later on.

Nasus is like a poodle at the start but is a Great Dane if he gets reasonable farm.
 




 Hey summonerschool. I play a ton of Evelynn, however recently I have been having some troubles. I usually come of to a great start with her, (my last three games ive been something crazy like 10/0/2, 6/0/4, and 5/1/6 at the end of laning phase) I still have found myself unable to carry. I understand the point of evelynn is to get your laners fed, and that is what i try to do. However, I often find myself just barely killing them as they go under turret, or getting a double kill in a countergank where my laner died, leaving the kills to me instead of my laners.

The problem with this is that if i ever find myself in a position of being the most fed member on my team, I feel useless. I do fine in laning phase and small skirmishes, but as soon as teamfights come im useless. Since I have to be in melee range to do any real damage, i just get CC'd, and bursted down. If I build tanky to counteract this, I wont be able to actually kill anyone. 

My usual build order if I'm ahead is Elder Lizard, Mobi boots, Triforce, Randuins, Maw, and a situational item. I'm thinking that building a Maw before a triforce might help, as that will make me less reliant on autos, and give me slightly more survivability during the first teamfights.

(I'm at Silver V, if that makes any difference for anything)

 




 Learning how to turn off your caps lock might help. 




 Alright, that actually helps a lot, thanks! 




 You can smite while stunned? TIL! Must just be the fact that they will suddenly panic and focus me, forgetting bout the drag long enough for me to steal. 




 I'm currently at something like an 80% win rate with jungle jax, (in low silver however). He just seems  so good. His clears are decent, he synergizes amazingly with feral flare, his ganks are pretty good, he scales like a god, and he is actually quite good at Dragon/baron steals (AOE stun). Too bad he's basically permabanned at my ELO. 




 Yeah, to teach them how to beat weak teams :\^) 




 Her core items are Hextech Gunblade and Zhonyas Hourglass. They both synergize so well for her that you can't pass them up. After that (+boots), she could build either a deathcap, Lich Bane, or void staff for her fourth and fifth items. Her sixth item is usually a guardian angel, but a banshees veil or another damage item also works well.

Playing her is basically playing extremely passive until level 6 (assuming your playing mid), then back with hopefully enough gold for a Hextech revolver. This lets uou get your ult charges at the same time. You then have a choice between trying to kill your laner, or roam. Akali is one of the hardest snowballing champions in the game, so it's worth taking a risk to
get a kill.

One of the main combos you can do on her is throw a Q, wait a few seconds, R to them, proc your Q with your auto, throw your Q that just came of cooldown, and proc with your E. This can take someone from 60-0 in the span of a second at level 6. 




 Don't listen to the other people saying you can't jungle without runes. As someone who recently levelled to 30, I started jungling around lvl 10. This is especially useful if you want to play draft pick mode, where you are expected to jungle. 

However, the only three junglers id recommend are Warwick, Xin Zhao and Fiddlesticks. They all have enough inherent sustain to let you jungle without worrying about dying to the camps early on. They are also all mechanically easy to play, so you can focus more on learning how to jungle instead of learning how to play the champion. 




 Hey if you want you can add me in game, I'm a new enough player that I still remember what it was like to learn the game, but I have enough experience to help teach you what you don't know, or answer any questions you might have. Just PM me if you want my in game name. 




 Lich Bane all the way. A Triforce only outdamages a Lich bane if you rush it, which is a terrible idea as gun blade and Zhonyas are so incredibly core. Assuming you build Lich/Tri third, a Triforce only barely outdamages a Lich Bane in spell blade procs, but Lich Bane also has 50 extra AP (which gives you much more burst), and is 700 gold cheaper. If you get it fourth, a Lich Bane massively outdamages Triforce in every way. 




 /r/leagueoflegends needs more shitposts. I present to you, this thread.  (   )
 




 The "meta" way to build her is like jax, Triforce and BOTRK into tank. This lets her be a strong dueller and splitpusher, as well as not letting her get exploded if she jumps on a carry in a teamfight. 




 I thought I was in /r/bestofbronze for a minute. Hell, I'm in bronze 2 (held back by feeding teammates otherwise id be in Challenger) and I have done outplays better then this. NAKorea confirmed. 




 Don't downvote me for this unpopular opinion.... but I believe that Faker is a good player. Might even be up to an LCS level. 




 Thresh has been nerfed, but not heavily enough to warrant not playing him. It's mostly just that the meta has shifted to supports that can counter him now, like Morgana. He's still a very strong pick though. 




 Roam like crazy. But when you roam, try to give what kills you can to the laner you are roaming to. Far too often you see akalis have basically all the kills on thier team and once they get focused down theyre useless. If you can feed your bot lane or your top lane on your roams (assuming you are snowballing already) you will do MUCH better. 




 The only problem I see with that kit is his W seems overpowered. It's like a nasus wither and nocturne ult combined on a 10 second cooldown. With 40% CDR you can basically permaslow someone and remove all of their allied vision at the same time.  




 Mobility boots are also super useful on evelynn. They synergize super well with her passive, and help scare the crap out of the laners as she can basically show up top, and then gank mid way before anyone would expect. 




 She doesn't have too high of a skill floor, but her skill cap is quite high. 




 From what I got of it, the changing just allows for people to switch spots. Like if Wildturtle is #1 in Master tier, that means he will be in challenger. The next day, he will still have the number one spot in Master, so he will remain in challenger. But if 'billy' was the 200th place in master, and thn goes on tilt and drops to 250th, he won't remain in challenger the next day. 




 There's a diamond 1 Malzahar jungle main, it takes a lot of skill to learn but it's actually quite effective. Can do 4 min dragons and that sort of thing. 




 Mostly just low bronze, Bronze 1/2 has some players that aren't considered good in any means, but it's not like they're brain dead 




 You ban lee sin so your teammates don't use him 




 She's squishy early on, and relies on diving in and out for her combo. She will also run OOM fast if she is forced to spam her heals. Because of this, playing someone who has the ability to do two of the following will work: out trade her, outpoke/outsustain her, or have the ability to jump on to her and stick. 

For example, Xin Zhao has the early damage, sustain, and sticking ability to give her trouble. Pantheon can stun her and then out trade her if she ever tries jumping on him, and he can block a bunch of her poke + poke back. Gragas could outsustain her, and do a hefty amount of damage if he gets jumped on.  




 They did for ahwile, but it's back now. I had the same problem for a bit. 




 It seems like the new ancient golem would be a good item on him, his E has a 6% max hp ratio. 




 I'm definitely gonna try a ancient golem jungle Gnar. It'll take time to learn, but his ganks should be deadly. 




 Damn, he sure could have some deadly all-ins. When you near max tantrum, try to get some Hyper proc's (14% max health each) (a ghostblade might be effective). Then jump in as beast form, and with your loads of CC you should easily be able to destroy them. 




 Immobile, squishy mid laners are common picks, and they are perfect targets for assassins such as akali and talon to just jump on and kill. They also are unable to prevent them roaming as if they follow they could just get jumped on from a bush and killed. They can also quickly assassinate the hyper carry adc that are so common in this meta. 




 Ryze is the definition of a "spammy ability champion" 




 Thanks for the tips! Not to be nitpicky, but isn't fizz an AOE assassin as well? 




 I keep getting convinced more and more to try Talon. I think he might be my next buy. Anyone have some tips for him? 




 She's strong against most matchups, especially melee champs that she can just poke down and then zone. The hardest matches she has are champs that can either out trade her, or have the ability to stick on to her. For example, Xin Zhao and Pantheon give her a lot of trouble. 




 As someone learning J4, how do
you get away with such a low death rate? I find that 90% of the time I'll catch a carry out with my ult, get them focused down, and then subsequently die. We'll usually win the teamfight but I'll almost always be a casualty. Like a game would be more like 5/8/20 or something around that. 




 Focus whoever you can attack that won't put you in a position of danger. The carries are the best choice, but if you get dived and killed just to try to attack then it's not worth 




 Yes, but you don't flame them. There's times when your teammate needs to be told to get his head out of his ass, but you need to do it in a way that motivates them, not discourages them. Same with league. 




 Please, whatever you do don't play the Donger support. It makes Csing absolutely hell for the ADC. 




 She was played twice today in the NALCS. She is quite viable. 




 The standard build is 2x dorans into Infinity Edge, Phantom Dancer, Berzerker Greaves, Last Whisper, BOTRK, and a situational defensive item.

You can replace the Phantom Dancer with Statikk Shiv and the BOTRK with a Bloodthirster if you want, just that the aforementioned one is the most efficient.
 




 Nerfing a champion is nothing near the lines of jagex removing what was arguably the hugest part of the game for many people. If riot pulled a jagex it would be them doing something like removing the jungle entirely. 




 I have a ~70% win rate with evelynn at a low level and the build I've had the most success with is Elder Lizard, Trinity Force, Maw of Malmortius, Randuins, situational defensive item, and your boots of choice. You deal enough damage to help carry your team but are defensive enough to not get blown up in teamfights. 




 Id suggest Shyvana for top. She doesn't have any real weak common matchups, she has a pretty simple kit, and you'll out scale almost all toplaners. 




 Maim being removed has nothing to do with machete giving feral flare stacks. I'm on mobile so I can't show any direct links, but if you reread the item you'll see. 




 Play draft pick as soon as your able. Only way to deal with instalockers pre 30. 




 Lucian. I feel helpless laning gainst him. 




 Besides the ones already mentioned, there is also Akali and Fizz for some mobile assassins. 




 As a level 21 noob, Why exactly is this? I find it so much faster to go bluewraithsredgank (if possible) . Wraiths are so much faster to kill and easier on health. Even with farming junglers I have seen a video that shows there is zero difference in time to go bluewraithsredwolves. 
























 How would you handle laning against anyone with a strong all-in like Irelia or Riven? Karthus top feels like a vladimir with no sustain and no escape. And we all know how weak vlad is to all ins. 




 You're forgetting about the silence. If vlad walks up, he gets silenced, and drained. He will lose that trade every time, it'll just get worse the longer he stays. If he tries pushing fiddle under the tower he will be incredibly low, and with fiddles fear he'll be a sitting duck for ganks. 




 You haven't played this matchup before I assume? All fiddle has to do is let the wave push slightly, and sit in the wave. Vlad can't get near the wave to afk push it as he will
just eat a drain. He can Q the melee minions but that is about it. 




 BOTRKs % health and attack speed synergizes SO well with Vaynes silver bolts. It also gives her an earlier powerspike + easier build path then infinity edge ADC's, and well as stronger sustain making up for her weaker lane. 

Twitch likes BOTRK as it also makes up for his weaker lane like Vayne, but also works well
with his assassinations. The movement speed slow, %health, and attack speed lets him sneak up on someone, chunk them down, and expunge for the kill. If he rushed IE he wouldn't be able to stick onto them, nor would he have the attack speed to get his expunge stacks off. 




 Vladimir is incredibly weak to all-ins early game. Pretty much anyone that can jump on him and stick (Irelia, Xin are good examples) can wreck him and zone him away. He'll be forced to cs with his Q instead of poking you, and if he ever gets in range to Q you, he's convienetly in range to get jumped on and eat a full rotation. On someone like Maokai it's a lot tougher, as you don't have the early damage to really break through his sustain. I'd reccomend just using the bushes the best you can so you don't eat free poke. He's also really vulnerable to ganks, and Maokai is amazing at setting them up, so let him push up a bit and get your jungler to come.

Also, possibly one of the hardest counters in the game is picking fiddlesticks against vlad. Since your drain goes through his pool, and you outsustain him, there is literally nothing he can do. 




 I'm sure the people who play quinn top are all sociopaths. You have to be soulless to willingly put someone through that torture. 




 And a lamppost. 




 As weird as it sounds, I go AP bruiser cho'gath mid and stomp him. Just harass him with your spikes and W whenever he tries to cs. Your passive means he will never outpoke you, and if you play it correctly he should NEVER have kill potential on you. (If he ults you just Q where he will appear, silence him,  auto once or twice then ult. You can push him into his tower so he can't roam, and if he tries anyways you can follow him fairly safely, or just freely take his towers.  In teamfights you can peel him from your carriers pretty easily. 




 I wouldn't reccomend trying to level 2 cheese a rengar. If he has a ward up and sees you, he can just wait in a bush and kill you as he has one of the best level 2s of all junglers. 




 She's near impossible to keep down. You can destroy her 0-3 in lane, but she can just roam bot, get a double kill and end the game with 20 kills. She thrives on the disorganization of solo queue. 




 His Q is treated like a basic attack, so it can crit and applies on hit effects. This means that with an IE, shiv and Triforce you basically have a abilty that has a base damage of 300 + (4.5AD) + 250 (assuming you crit), on a five second cooldown. You can take 90% of a squishes health with that alone. 

Of course, there are downsides to this build. Its luck-reliant, you need to crit to do damage. You also have a 3-5 second downtime between Qs where you're basically useless. You also struggle to actually reach the backline if you build full damage, but if you build mostly tank you won't be able to one-shot anyone. 




 As someone who isn't a double lift fan at all, I hate this circlejerk about him sucking now. He's still a very good adc, just not on Sneaky/Rekkles level. 




 You can leave the CLG, but the CLG never leaves uou 




 A nerf hammer. Oh wait, Morello already gave him that. :'( 




 Wtf 3 halves? 




 If team fusion makes the LCS, he will be another person who did the same. To be fair though, it looks like he put a lot of money in to jt 




 Yes. They will just have to beat coast/F5 after that. 




 That was exactly my point. She is fairly strong early game, but from the first back (when other ADC's get their first major component) until at least two major items she is the weakest adc. Even then, she isn't really stronger then many ADC's in extended fights until around 3 items. (Due to the Q duration nerf) 




 Trist arguably has the worst mid game of all AD carries. Even when she was FOTM you would see teams building shiv first purely so she could farm her way out of her crap mid game. 




 No he won one and lost 4. Cloud 9 purposely left him up every game basically left him up every gem they played, since they were confident in countering him. And it worked 




 These videos are just to show funny, unorthodox builds. Watching Nautilus one-shot someone with their anchor is funny, watching crittlesticks melt people with his autos is funny. And so is seeing voidlings that look like dogs destroy people. It doesn't have to affect the 'viability' of the build.
 




 Well to be fair, that is a fairly accurate description of him. He is a great shotcaller, you cannot deny that. His mechanical skill and individual decision making is also lacking when compared to the top players on the world stage. While it is a bit of a circlejerk, it still rings true. 




 This was exactly my point. She is extremely safe, is a strong laner, and has good poke, but her drawback is that she has no real steroids ( besides her passive, which is strong in lane, but inconsistent late game) and badly scaling abilities (since her only real damage abilities have long cast times, plus get outdamaged late game by her autos) and are real easy to avoid. 

She is a good, safe adc, but compared to Vayne, Kog, Trist, Twitch, or even Jinx late game she just doesn't have the raw damage to be considered a hypercarry. 




 For nocturne, ghostblade is what I found works best. I usually don't have room for it though, as I go devourer into BOTRK, and by then I need to start building tanky so I don't get blown up. 




 Cait is a strong pick, but in no way a hypercarry. Basically every single adc, besides Ashe,will out DPS her past early game ( assuming equal gold, which shouldn't be the case if you play Cait correctly) 




 You don't want to be building too much flat health on soraka, as her heal does %health damage to her. 


An item that actually synergizes extremely well with her is the new banner of command. Gives her a little tankyness, some AP, health regen, and a great active ability. It guarantees your team will always have some map pressure on the map. It works well with sieges, or if your team has a splitpusher, throw it in the other lane for extra pressure. And if your team has baron buff, it's basically GG. You get a tanky cannon with high DPS, that outranges towers and is immune to magic damage, and also is getting healed by a soraka. There is 0 counterplay to that. 




 I thought low priority matchmaking just made you wait longer before you start games?  




 I've had several games of nasus mid (usually cause of trolls/lane swaps), and it's not *that* bad. Since it's a short lane, it's hard for the enemy laner to freeze it, and if you pick it into certain champions you can pretty much have a farm lane as they can't do enough damage to you. It's not optimal, but  it's not entirely terrible 




 I Play irelia into him. Play passive until level 3/4, use the bushes and try not to get poked down. then all-in him whenever possible after that. He is incredibly weak to all-ins early on, especially to people with high mobility. If he goes into range to Q you, he should be in range to eat a full rotation and then just keep autoing him until he is forced to pool away. If you reset on to a minion, you can Bladesurge back on to him after he leaves his pool if you want to go for the kill. You need to be hyperaggressive, otherwise he will just keep poking you until he can dive you and you lose the lane. 




 So basically like Anivia? 




 If he bombs you, go in on him. He has no other damage at that moment besides weak autos, so you can usually trade him back fairly well. Don't just let him poke you down for free, especially pre-6 




 A pink ward doesn't stop her from blowing up your carries and still having more health afterwards with her bullshit sustain. 




 In my opinion, JaxIrelia for the jungle at the moment. He has faster clear, better sustain (due to counterstrike), more consistent ganks, and better tankyness with his ulti, making you stronger mid-game with the lower income. In lane Irelia is the stronger pick however.  




 Well not even full damage warwick can come close to killing a late game Mundo  




 When someone is running away when you're jarvan and you nail them with the Demacian flag for the kill. 




 One game he wasn't. I believe against UOL 




 Lux is outclassed, but she's not a joke. she's not like urgot, or ashe where your team will flame you for picking them. 




 Warwick actually wasn't 100% pick or ban at IEM. Cloud nine for example purposely left him open as they had jarvan/lee just snowball the early game while warwick is farming. 




 Cherrypicking at it's finest. Technically true, but still sounds like BS without context. 




 I agree mostly with irelia, except for you can't just fight blindly in the early levels. You can E-Auto to harass during level 1, but almost any top laner with beat you if you go aggressive at level 2-3. Level 4 on you're mostly in the clear however 




 There was a game once that I was a massively fed Jax, and I tried fighting a Trundle in his own jungle. He was a full item down on me in my build, and he still completely decimated me.  




 I personally love playing Shyvana against him. You can bully him hard  for a large part of the game due to your mixed and %health damage. While you don't scale as hard as him, you still become a monster tank that has a strong teamfight, and can stop his splitpush. (You won't 1v1 him, but you can waveclear well and he can't tank a tower with you beating on him as well) 




 Soraka is in a good place right now, she saw a bunch of competitive play in the last few weeks. She absolutely destroys any assassins now as she has an AOE silence that turns into a snare. Her heal is really strong, if she didn't have a health cost it would be insanely broken. Her Q is now a skillshot, that heals her, so she can sustain back most of the health costs if she can hit it consistently 




 I have seen literally 0 flaming for UOL. It's all been positive from what I saw. 




 Implying that what sneaky and lemon have isn't love 




 Now ddosing on the other hand... 




 I wouldn't say all bruisers are useless, Irelia is the textbook definition of a bruiser, and she's a contested pick. Gnar is arguably a bruiser, and he's pick/ban right now. Pantheon is also quite strong at the moment. Xin/Wukong have also had success recently in the IEMs. And these are just the competitively viable picks. Solo queue has even more viable bruisers. 




 Ryze is also a terrible matchup for Shyvana. There's not much you can do as he scales just as hard as you. In my opinion, just don't play Shyvana right now unless you are very good with her. She got nerfed too hard, and doesn't really have many favourable matchups that are common in the meta. Plus tanks such as Maokai both outdamage, out utility, and out tank her right now. 




 I actually meant to say Trundle there instead of Tryndamere. I guess the fact that they're both splitpushers that begin with Tr messed me up haha. But yes, I agree with you on both points. Whenever I personally end up splitpushing as irelia, I find that it's fairly easy to manage your ult cooldown to both push waves and still have it for duels. Especially with the CDR from frozen heart and spirit visage. 




 If you can manage your Q and your ult cooldown correctly, irelia actually has fairly good waveclear compared to splitpushers such as Jax or Trynd. 




 Learn your matchups + powerspikes. 90% of being successful at top lane is knowing when you're strong enough to fight the enemy, and knowing when you're not.  




 I find lux to be more of a mid game champion. Her cooldowns are just too high, ratios are comparably low, and she is too reliant on having to hit every single spell to burst a champion for late game teamfights, 




 I consider OP to be a champion that lacks any meaningful weaknesses, or have their strengths vastly outweigh their weaknesses. For example, Warwick truly has no real weaknesses at the moment, while post-'rework' Lucian's insane mobility made his lack of a range not matter at all. 




 It's also great for tower diving, especially on your roams. Quite often I'll ult over tribush to get a double kill on bot, then flash back out to escape turret aggro. 




 The problem with Cho right now is that he has absolutely insane damage. He has large base damages, and stupidly high ratios. If his skills were easier to hit, you could build AP bruiser and delete squishies while chunking the rest of the enemy team, while also being tanky as hell with your feast stacks. Even right now, a fed Cho'gath is terrifying. 




 Fucking

Evil

Annoying

Rattata

Was what I always heard it was. 




 Yeah, it's cold enough outside for it. Playing hockey on an outdoor rink is like 95% of all Canadians childhood.  




 Maknoon plays a fair amount of kass top. He's also a very entertaining streamer to watch as well. 




 Kassadin is now manaless 




 He's insanely broken at the moment, sitting on over a 60% win rate last time I checked. What happened is that they remade the jungle, and it hurts like crazy now. Warwicks sustain let's him farm much faster then the other champions as he doesn't have to go back to heal. What really pushed him over the edge though was the new jungle items. There is an item that gives him around 33 true damage + 40 magic damage on hit at level 7. With his ult proccing on-hit effects he can literally 100-0 any squishies and many tanks. What's even worse is that the true damage scales with levels and the magic damage scales with kills/assists/large monster kills. So he just gets stronger as the game goes on. 




 Until he gets builds 3 items and one-shots your adc with a critplank Q 




 They're buffing him next patch. Lowering his E cooldown and increasing his ult armor + MR scaling 




 Champions that can build one or two damage items, and then go tank. They have a mix of strong damage, decent CC, and natural tankyness. Irelia/Jax are considered by most to be the epitome of what a 'bruiser' is 




 Cassiopeia. If you can't effectively use her combos you're basically
useless. Other difficult champions like Zed or Syndra might be hard to play to their full potential, but even if you can't hit a 3 shruiken ult, or stun from the fog of war, you can still usually make a decent impact on the game. 




 Nasus was worse 




 The new jungle deals tons of damage, so sustain junglers have a huge advantage. Also, a new jungle item (that you can afford by around level 6-7) gives you a large amount of true damage on hit + a feral flare like ability that starts at 40 stacks. This item literally let's warwick one-shot squishies even time his ult is up. I'm not exaggerating at all, you can walk into lane, have a full health enemy under tower, smite+ult+Q him, and walk away with a free 350 gold. You don't even need your laner to help. He's stupidly broken 




 No need to apologize. You did your best. 




 Twitch chat was absolutely hilarious this game as well.  




 Now watch final five upset their way to the LCS. 




 This just solidified it. I am 100% a fusion fan now. 




 Surprise Party fiddlesticks. 




 I'm sort of curious, what's your opinion on AP sona? (Assuming she gets a sightstone of course) The AP gives her amazing damage, plus all of her utility scales off of it. I usually hate ap nid/annie "supports", but I love a good sona. IMO she does better as that then a standard support build. 




 Most people don't have a problem with shot-calling mid laners. Look at Hai for an example. He isn't a super strong mid laner, (In comparison to the top ones) but his excellent shot calling makes him still shine 




 To be fair, a 6 item Jax shreds anything not named Nasus or Warwick. 




 And Bubba :( 




 I sincerely doubt that. On the vast majority of junglers you have to base either before or after you get the second buff. 




 It's incredibly powerful. I bought it on jungle jax, by late game I was doing 150+ magic damage on hit with it, an item that costs only 2250 gold, gives 50% attack speed, and gives you plenty of utility. 




 The main problem with Runaans as an ADC is that you should never be close enough to more then one enemy to be able to use the passive. Also, pure attack speed isn't as effective as attack speed + crit chance when it comes to DPS. It's not a terrible item, especially on ADC's such a Varus, just there are stronger options. 




 Same here in bronze. People are actually warding dragon and contesting it too! All you hear is people saying "get drag it's OP now" 




 I have played with a grand total of 1 katarina supports in all of my games of league, and she hard carried us. I have not judged strange supports since that day. 




 The new ohmwrecker is apparently a really good item for nasus to rush. It gives him tankyness, CDR (both of which are vital on him), and two amazing passives for his lane. Since he'll be sitting near tower for the most of lane, the movement speed near turrets is useful, especially to avoid dives. The turret disabling active lets him splitpush/backdoor/dive even better then he was able to before. 




 That's completely your fault for not reading the patch notes then. Even long ones like this patch can be read while you're waiting in queue/champ select. 




 It's actually crazy. He was 100% pick or ban at worlds, and a patch later during the expansion tournament he hasn't been picked once. All because of one auto attack on his W. 




 Don't get me wrong, Leona jungle is a blast to play. I was just saying that in my experience playing Leona jungle that there are better options out there. If you have had success with her, go ahead and play her. I actually enjoy seeing non-meta picks (Ive personally had success with adc ahri before. The kiting is real) 




 Nautilus just outclasses her in every way in the jungle. He has faster clears, an escape (which they'll need as they are both terrible duelists), and more sustain. Leona might have slightly better ganks, but Nautilus is still one of the best gankers in the game. You can still roam as Leona support and gank, while having a jungler that won't just have to end up conceding their entire jungle to the enemy Lee or Kha. 




 She used to have much higher base damage, and lower ratios. Riot changed them to make her more viable mid and less viable as a support. She also had a longer stun at early levels. 




 I just watched this a few weeks ago, and I found it really boring and not up to the hype. It was literally CLG sitting behind a turret for over 30 minutes while Moscow Five was like "I wonder if Anivia will wave clear this wave too?" They were 20K gold up, they could have easily dived them and came out ahead, or splitpushed. Anivia can only clear one turret at once. Instead they just played ARAM and let CLG get to six items, where gold leads don't matter.  




 That would be amazing! 




 Nah I was a top lane irelia against a darius. So while I didn't feed, I wasn't very fed due to the fact I had to lane against a darius, with me having 0 jungle pressure. 




 No. He was on my team, and had a super high amount of both kills and deaths. He would walk into a fight, delete someone, and promptly get deleted himself. I wouldn't blame him for losing the game, they had a super fed tristana which carried them. 




 I'm in bronze and I just recently played a with jungle udyr who rushed double infinity edges into a shiv. He was almost completed what I believe to be a bloodthirster before the game ended. He didn't even have a jungle item. 




 I personally prefer Teleport, as it makes tougher lanes much easier. It also gives you so much map pressure, as if they have an open inhibitor they always have to worry about the jax backdoor. Ignite does give you more kill pressure, especially at level 1/2, but I find that it's both easier and safer just to farm safely, and have a huge advantage late game with teleport. 




 You usually don't first pick him, as after all these nerfs he has a weak laning phase against many champions (like gnar). If you're comfortable on him you can still play him into everything, but your goal is just to survive lane and outscale. Jax works best now as a counter pick against champions like Fiora, Tryndamere, Irelia, that he can push around a bit in lane as well as outscale. Also a helpful tip is to go for a level 1-2 cheese. You activate counterstrike while your both in his minion wave and just start auto attacking him, you should be able to get 3-4 auto attacks in for free, plus another 100 damage from counter strike. This should put them dangerously low and let you take lane dominance from level 1.  




 I find irelia works. If he stands anywhere near a low health minion from level 4 on, you can basically blow a flash or get a kill every time. You just do too much damage for him to fight with in his squishy mini form, and if he hops away you can just Q back on to him. If you can get a kill on him, you can snowball the lane super hard against him. 




 To be fair, Irelia vs any squishy ranged top laner is a slaughter. The only exception is a good quinn. 




 Pretty much anything that isn't full AD works on cho'gath. He scales so well with basically every stat in the game. Your build seems to work, so keep with it if you're doing well. 




 Easy one of the most satisfying things to do in game is to Q an entire wave as irelia. 




 Odds are that you won't need the MR blues that much in lane. Unless your facing against a sona or karma, the majority of the poke against you will be auto attacks anyways. The extra attack speed helps you with your last hitting, gives you a very slight advantage in an all-in, and scales better into late game. 




 Apparently Warwick is god-tier right now. His sustain is so useful in the new jungle, and the new devourer enchantment (40 magic damage flare), plus the true damage on-hit smite literally let's him 100-0 champions at level 6. There's a few videos going around, and it is completely ridiculous. You just walk up to a champion, smite him, ult and collect your free 400 gold 




 Singed is her #1 counter, he's too tanky to burst and does too much damage to outduel. Jax can completely negate her ult with counterstrike, and outscales her like crazy. Kayle can bully her, kite her, ignore her ult, and outscales her too. 




 Critplank. The damage is insane. A 300+(4.5AD)+250 damage spell on a 5 second cooldown (before CDR) 
























 I've only gone primarily mid lane eve this patch. Her clears are just too painful, and she doesn't really benefit from any other jungle items. (Devourer is nice, but farming the stacks isn't effective on her.) 


BOTRK is absolute core on her. It increases her burst significantly, and gives her strong sustained damage and sticking potential. Manamune helps with her mana problems (you can't consistently use your passive in lane), plus it gives a massive damage increase when it's it's completed. You then have a choice between IBG or Triforce next, 90% of the time I go iceborn, as you often need that little extra tankyness to survive teamfights. From there it's more situational, but I usually go banshees, and I often pick up a last whisper as the majority of your damage is physical. Boots are an odd choice, as literally every single boot in the game will work on you. I often go Mercs, but I think sorcerer shoes might be better due to it giving a large damage increase on your R and Q. Take a couple points in Q for easier farming/harass then max E 




 You need to build her as an assassin now with emphasis with on hit. BOTRK, and muramana (if going lane eve) alone let you 100-0 a squishy in literally under a second. It's actually super strong.  




 Atm his ult is a fairly useless (in comparison) evolution, so everyone evolves his QWE. The only difference is in the order they evolve them in. 




 It was confirmed a glitch 




 Post 6 AP Kog is a really good farmer. A E-R clears the caster minions, and with your W and the attack speed boost it's really easy to get the melees as well. 




 I find lux hard to farm with. Her E leaves creeps with little slivers of hp left for the longest times. 




 You have to remember that this is only after you die, and it doesn't regenerate. Minion aggro, poke, etc will delete the shield. That sounds fairly reasonable 




 They should make it be a shield of 8% or so of your max health, that way it still might be a sub-par mastery, but it scales a lot better. 




 I've found success with BOTRK, Muramana, IBG/Tri, Banshees, and either last whisper or another tanky item (depending on how you're playing her). The last whisper may sound odd, but the vast majority of her burst will come from her E and the autos after that, so the armor pen makes it a good pick up. Muramana helps with her early mana problems, and gives her the most burst +sustained damage out of any other item in the game, at the cost of a slower ramp-up time. 




 Doublelift to TSM confirmed. 




 Everyone knows that Pingu will be incredibly broken though 




 I've been going pretty standard 21/9, with hybrid pen marks, armor seals, mr glyphs, and AD quints. 




 Hey man, try solo lane assassin evelynn, I've been stomping with it since last patch. You can go mid for the better roaming, or top for the better matchups. Your main build is BOTRK, Muramana, and IBG (you can go Triforce for more damage if you want). A Ult-E-Auto-Q-Auto will blow up a squishy in under a second. It's actually ridiculous. Take 2-3 points in Q for better farming/harass in lane, and then max E. 




 Solo lane AD evelynn is actually very strong with the on hit buffs . Core items are BOTRK and muramana and usually a sheen item. (Tri for more damage, iceborn for stickiness and being more tanky). You completely delete squishies in under a second with a ult-E-Q plus a couple autos. You are also a strong splitpusher, (over 2.0 attack speed with BOTRK and maxed E, plus sheen procs and waveclear). 




 Honestly all of those champions can do well building damage, especially Zyra and Sona.  




 It's a combination of high damage, and gapclosers/sticking potential. Give two early kills to an akali/riven, and they can just jump on you and 100/0 you anytime you go near them. They can just go around and kill anybody they want. Meanwhile, getting two kills on someone like a orianna or Karthus won't let you snowball as hard as you can't force your advantage like you can on Fiora or Katarina. And champions like rammus or nautilus don't have the same damage output as the aforementioned champions, so even though they can push their advantage, odds are the enemy will be able to make it to their turret, or escape in other ways before you can kill them. 




 Why do you believe c9 won't finish any higher then third? They had a convincing IEM tournament.  




 I heard sneaky say two days ago that Runaans is great when ahead, but if he's behind BOTRK is much better.  He said he built BOTRK when he was fed as fuck in scrims, and he couldn't solo carry the game like he could have if he built Runaans, he also said he was behind in scrims, and built Runaans and got even farther behind. It seems like it's situational for him. 




 To be fair, C9 is by far the favorite at the moment for first. TSM and Liquid are the two teams that seem most likely for second, I don't seem to see the problem with those predictions. 




 To be fair, hai can tend to get pretty salty at times 




 AP nunu is actually terrifying to lane against, more so if you're a melee. You sit back and try to farm? Enjoy 275 base damage, 1.0AP Ice balls to the face every few seconds. Try to poke? He has bullshit sustain. Try to all in him? He can just sit there and charge his ult, and one shot you, or just snowball you and blood boil away. 




 Adc Ahri. Rush Triforce into IE. You have decent auto attack range/speed, insane kiting, crazy mid-game damage, and strong self-peel. You snowball incredibly hard as well. Your damage does fall off late game, but you still end up being very safe. 




 'Hey let's complain about free gifts!' 




 Nightblade irelia. It's got one of the most beautiful splashes in the game, good model, and is fairly cheap. For some reason everyone likes frostbutt better though.  




 On-hit jungle kayle is actually a legit build though. Go Devourers, into nashors, CDR boots, wits end, hurricane and void staff. You'll be doing 750+ dps to 3 targets at a time late game  




 The problem with your jarvan build is going hydra IMO. With jungle jarvan the only damage you need is warrior enchantment and usually a second brutalizer. The building of a hydra will make you lose a giants belt and a wardens mail of tankyness. You need that to survive diving their carries. 




 Botrk. Jax scales very hard off of attack speed. Plus the active and passive overall work better with jaxes duelist kit. The only advantage that Gunblade has is that it gives slightly higher burst, but jax is more reliant on sustained damage over burst in most cases. 




 If your support has a lot of peel they'll just ult your diving top laner, or your zed/Leblanc, etc with no peel. Yeah, I hate poppy. 




 A good cho won't waste his Q, unless he's playing against someone like xerath. I play a lot of cho mid, mostly against assassins like zed or fizz, and I'll pretty much just sit on my Q until they try to engage, or when they are poked down enough to all-in.  




 Playing AP bruiser cho into him is pretty fun, as you can disengage easily if tries to fight pre 6, you have strong poke in your W, and post 6 if he ever comes near you you can one-shot him before he even has time to ult. Also late game you have insane waveclear, so it'll be impossible for him to take towers against you easily. 




 Nightblade best overall. 




 Odds are you won't be able to bully enemy laners past level 1. Jax is pretty weak until level 11ish. 




 Blood moon akali 




 That's the secret to enjoyable games. I can't even think of the last time I had an intentional DC. It's honestly as easy as saying " don't worry man, you're doing fine" to somebody who is starting to tilt. Say Gj when your bot lane gets a kill, or when your jungler has a successful gank. 




 Nocturne is my champion with the highest win rate (73% over 40 games) and I have had the most success with devourer, BOTRK, Randuins, Banshees, Tabi's/Mercs and a situational last item ( often GA). This build gives you both a strong 1v1, and a strong teamfight. (Due to being near unpeelable with two spell shields)

If you go solo lane noc I replace devourer with ghostblade, and occasionally pick up a hydra as well. 




 I actually mean to say manamune instead of muramana. My bad. 




 Hey summonerschool. As you may know, evelynn is getting a buff next patch to have on-hit effects apply on each strike of her E. I have a couple questions on how various items would effect it.

1. Would ravenous hydra's cleave (passive) damage apply to the target hit? Since its not considered a basic attack, I wonder if the target hit would take any damage from the hydra itself.

2. Would muramana proc 4 times? Muramana currently procs twice on her E, due to it being a single target ability with two strikes. With it applying on-hit effects, would it now proc 4 times? or is it restricted somehow?

Thanks! 




 This is possibly the first time I have ever heard someone call poppies lane safe. She has a horrendous early game. 




 Rek'sai seems to be what you're looking for. 




 Ninja tabi's are also a good choice on many tanks, the 10% reduced auto attack damage is huge for their survivabililty. You can get tenacity from elixirs, and even then, you don't need the tenacity as much to be a big sponge. 




 Kayle is my suggestion. You bring high magic damage dps and strong utility. Your ganks are fairly decent, and your clear is great. 




 (This is single target build)

Her lvl 18 base AD is 106. With 2.0 attack speed that is 212 dps.

Devourers will be at around 100 stacks by full build. That is another 200 dps.

Wits end gives 42 magic damage on hit. 84 DPS

Her E + nashors gives 75 magic damage on hit before ratios. 150 dps

With rabadons, void staff, and nashors you should be at 351 ap. .4 of that is 140. 280 dps.

212+200+84+280+150= 926 damage per second. Close enough. 

With a hurricane you will have even higher attack speed, but you'll do slightly less damage, to multiple targets.

EDIT: forgot to add E base damage beforehand.
 




 If you build jungle kayle right, she has insane damage. Full build, you  will do ~1000single target damage per second, or -600dps to three targets with a hurricane. And this is just with your E alone.  




 His full combo can be done in under a second. Leblanc is slightly slower if you wait for the chain to proc.  




 http://i.imgur.com/A8ai7PI.png 




 He's a strong solo queue pick. He still has high burst, snowballs well, and has possibly the fastest burst of all assassins. His lane is harder now, but mid-late game he is still nearly the same. 




 Plus it gives sheen procs  




 If he is in a position where you're going to get silenced, and you know you can't escape, just activate your W (before he silences you) and auto him through his spin. You're going to take his damage anyways, might as well trade him some back. He will win the trade, but it will be still fairly close. You outscale him hard, so if you end up being a little behind in CS it's fine. Also, if you get a hexdrinker, you can completely nullify his ult. 




 It would be great to see a female streamer that is actually good at the game, and isn't just sexualizing their stream to try to get 13 year olds to watch. The only one I can really think of would be Becca or however you spell it. 




 My parents would knock me on the side of the head, or twist my ear if I disobeyed. I'm fine with things like that. But punching a 13 year old kid in the face? That's not discipline. That's child abuse. 




 I have never seen a Janna flame in my life. 




 Ad casters will still have auto attacks 




 Trynd could be a exception due to
Him having a lot of passive crit chance. 




 Couldn't you have trundle and aatrox splitpush? If you go 1-3-1 Kayle lulu and urgot could hold off a siege pretty well on their own. Strong waveclear and nearly impossible to dive. Trundle is one of the strongest duelists in the game, and aatrox is still quite strong in a 1v1. It's not perfect, but it could theoretically work. 




 If you don't level his ult past level 1, you're wasting kassadins #1 feature. His insane mobility. You don't level your ult for the damage. You level it for the cooldown reduction. At level 16 you can basically ult into the enemy team, assassinate someone, Zhonyas, and ult away. 
 




 Revive TP Karthus is actually a  legit strategy though. 




 How does Jax counter riven? As someone who plays a lot of jax it feels like I can't really do much at all until I have Triforce or Botrk and tabi's. She has the mobility to escape jaxes counterstrike, and short enough cooldowns to punish him whenever his E is on cooldown.   Her level 6 spike is so much stronger then Jax's as well. He outscales her in 1v1s, but he won't ever be able to freely take towers against her, and she has a stronger teamfight in most situations. 




 Her Q cooldown is shorter then the duration. You can't really 'wait for it to go on cooldown' 




 I would love to read it when it's finished! 




 Isn't she still fairly strong in sustained fights with her massive attack speed steriod? 




 I've had some experience as AP bruiser Cho vs gnar, he is fairly annoying due to his mobility and kiting in mini form. However, if you rush double Doran rings, you can harass him very hard with your W. Odds are you aren't going to be able to hit many Q's against him, but at 6 you can occasionally try when he is committing to a cs. He's so squishy in early mini form that you can 70-0 him if you land your Q (You'll most likely have to flash to get on him). Gnar is also not amazing at farming under his tower in mini form, so if you know it's clear you can shove him under and harass him for every cs. Just take care as if a jungler ganks you are basically screwed when you try to waddle away. Admittedly full tank cho would have a much harder lane . 




 Mundo, Maokai, probably
Malphite/Shen. Basically anybody who doesn't have an overly strong lane/weak damage. Poppy just needs a place to farm without being zoned. 




 RIP team LOMO 




 Well Ryze is slightly less boring, as you can chain your spells instead of  only pressing 4 buttons and being useless. 




 That honestly would be sort of fun. The kiting would be real, and it would just be fun to see the enemies health bars drop from the OPness of the kit. 




 Ryze Q

Kassadin Q

Taric E

Tristana R

Xerath passive

You literally walk up to someone, hover over them and press QWER, then walk away. 




 Since when does swain build athenes? Every one I've ever seen has gone either rod or tear 




 He was sitting on around 850 AP at the moment. His ulti does around around 1250 true damage with that much hp.  




 Not just a decent win rate, the best win rate. After only a few weeks of practise (so things like builds/play styles aren't set in stone yet either) 




 Shaco and Loki both have the same passive ability, invisibility, clones, and I would assume play stole. 




 Well it was. Janna was the highest yesterday. 









 I understand you were exaggerating, but Vel'koz still
does have something like a 2.2AP total ratio on his skills. So yes, a Vel'koz with 1k AP does vastly outdamage a Vel with just a lilandries ;). 




 On-hit kayle is actually pretty strong, but the problem with it is it takes a long time to ramp up. You need three items before you really start doing strong damage, But when you hit late game you absolutely shred teamfights.  




 Vlad is strong late game due to having high AOE damage, on low
cooldowns. He also has an is deceptively tanky due to his passive, and is basically impossible to kill until he gets 3 spell rotations off (REQ-Pool-EQ-Zhonyas-EQ.) His ult also gives a quite large damage increase for his entire team if he lands a good ult. If he can get to the back like, he can blow up the ADC and APC, and still be basically full health. 




 Except for her taunt 




 It's actually true. I've never seen an akali player that is toxic. But a fizz/fiora/riven/katarina/any other snowbally assassin main? They are often the most toxic players out there. 




 People don't get berserkers on Corki as he as a terrible scaling attack speed. Since the bonus attack speed scales multiplicatively off of base attack speed, he'll barely get an increase. This makes sorcerers shoes do more damage comparatively  




 Adc Ahri. You have a good auto attack range, passable attack speed scaling, and insane kiting/self peel ability. You build much like Corki, with the Triforce rush. You have a crazy good mid-game, and can snowball like crazy. With a sheen you can basically take half an ADC's health with just a Q auto. A hit charm is a guaranteed kill in lane with your ult up. You fall off fairly hard late game damage wise (like all Triforce ADC's though), but you make up for it by being incredibly safe, so while your dps might not be as high, you should be able to actually attack more often. 




 Well to be fair, 0/6 and 50 cs down isn't losing lane, it's getting stomped. 




 Especially because how snowbally
mirror matchups are. If one person has a slight advantage, the other person is basically screwed. 




 Hang in there man, about a month ago I was in b4 too. Now I'm in silver 3 and still climbing. Just keep focusing on improving, and find a champion that can A) hard carry games B) Can punish opponents mistakes C) You love playing. All I mean by this criteria is that while someone like Nunu, Lulu, Mundo, etc. might be fun to play, odds are you can't carry a bot lane that gave up 5 kills to a Lucian at the 10 minute mark.

For me those champions were Irelia, Nocturne, and Kassadin (For top, jungle, and mid respectively)  




 Many top laners can beat him in an all in at level 6. Until then, buy plenty of potions, and sustain as much as you can. Miss any cs that you would take too much damage for. He has a small mana pool, so your goal is to have your hp outlast your mana. 




 Poppy will continue getting picked more and more, and eventually be considered a meta pick. Morello will follow through on his promise and she will be nerfed into uselessness. 




 Jax, Nasus, Maokai, Mundo, Poppy,   




 You're wasting Irelias potential if you play safe and farm at any time past level 4 with her. She is at her peak, and you should use that to your advantage. 




 Jinx is a hypercarry lane bully, but she has her fair set of weaknesses. That's the only one I can think of. 




 I can't think of a single champion that can do this. Only some niche lane counter picks can bully a laner hard and then destroy late game without being fed. 




 The buffs don't fix what made him considered a weak pick just last patch, rather they help his already strong late game. While the dragon and baron buffs help, the odds are the team that has a rumble sitting on a haunting guise, or a gnar with a brutalizer, will win every early dragon fight compared to the team with a Jax with a sheen. The new turrets do make it harder to dive the enemy laner, and the majority of the picks now are safe enough to avoid it in the first place. Jax is one of my favorite champions, and I'm happy to see him back. I just don't see what makes him a priority blind pick now. 




 I haven't been able to watch any of the competitive games for 4.21, but I have noticed from the game threads that jax seems to be becoming a very popular pick again. I understand he got some slight buffs, but those don't make up for his previous weaknesses that caused him to fall out of favor ( mostly his weak early game). He should be getting bullied by the meta top laners (gnar, lissandra, rumble) plus he is also a late game champ, with a weaker teamfight, in a mid-game teamfight focused meta. Splitpushing is also not as effective a strategy compared back to when he was in his heyday. Could someone explain why he rose again in popularity? 




 What I've found is that they would get massively fed in lane/mid game, and then as soon as teamfights start they would try 1v5ing, blow up instantly, and then type "/all gg team too heavy" with a  final score of 20/20/0 




 Just climbed out of bronze, can confirm. He's THE most common pick I saw for top, with Riven being a close second. 




 He's got to reach the pedal somehow 




 If you're going to play gangplank, might as well abuse his Q and buy trinity force, shiv, and infinity edge. These three items give you insane damage. From there you can go tanky (safer, let's you get CDR, less trolly), or you can go full on damage (LW, Hydra) for the full cheese one-shot crits. 




 Talking about 'controversial' scenes that she was filming, and that sort of thing. 




 It still is pretty damn pervy. Even if she's 17, she looks like she's 14. At least Sophie actually looks her age (arguably slightly older looking) 




 She's 18 now, and I believe she has hinted about it now in several interviews. Not confirmed, but likely. 




 Abyssal cho is legit though 




 No. Fiora scales off of armor pen and flat AD, both of which ghostblade has. The active and the crit chance are nice bonuses, but not the reason you buy the items Phantom dancer however doesn't give you any stats that fiora needs, and the passive (while still nice) isn't necessary on her, (due to her having two dashes anyhow)  




 Something that hasn't been mentioned yet is that the meta is very mid-game focused. Renekton can bully the laners enough that they won't be effective in these mid game dragon fights, letting his team snowball the game. 




 Well you definitely seem like you know what you're talking about. Gj, I love seeing off-meta picks that work. 
























