 I had the same issue.. Went to an Apple Store and got my battery replaced 




 brb 




 They already Annonced an Update which looked pretty good   




 i had the same issue. went to the apple store, they told me my battery was broken and replaced it  




 Rewe hat die  














 Taxes are between 20 and 50 percent, so the 10% church tax on this is about 2-5% on the total income 




 10% of your tax, which is like 3-5% of your income

Edit: grammar 




 no 




 Maybe low battery? 




 So, with all of those bugs in the gm that we can see in this subreddit.. Do you think this will be the final version? Or is apple going to patch the stuff before the release? I'm not sure about how "final" the GM is ..  




 And 18 upvotes already, things are really going well for you right now! 




 can you post your background? it's pretty nice 




 Holy Shit, the last scene was incredible ! 




 I just love how it looks on videos, and i cant wait to see it live on mine :)  




 Is it only me or does the black stuff look like a penis ? :o  




 actually had to laugh pretty hard :D not sure if so good or so bad :x  









 does anybody know why the background is so pixelated? looks like the quality of apples filter is pretty bad. or is it just imgur?  
























 looks like a healthy relationship 




 what advice did it give you? 




 you should probably add what youre talking about 




 well if it helps  




 am i the only one who could always avoid this kind of situations? 




 someone's jelly over here 




 so awkward 




 So this was just random? 




 Sorry english is not my first language..

I just wanted to say that they are showing how the iPhone has the feature which samsung was advertising strongly on their S5 and apple is just showing that it is also possible with the iPhone without even mentioning it directly.. Its not an attack (couldnt find another word) they're just making fun of them 




 It's just a small thing I noticed, but I think you guys might like it. In the new iPhone 5s "Powerful" commercial you can see how some guy is using his iPhone to measure his pulse with just the flashlight and the camera (there are tons of apps for this) which is clearly a little attack towards Samsungs new Heartbeat Monitor 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODmfmUWqlSA at about 1:06 




 yay we are as good as the us 




 yeah but why cant i just watch them in my photos app?  




 can't save/show gifs..  




 They have 3 Million iPhone 5c left.. 




 So what youre saying is "i can't tell what i want, but others also can't"? 




 As I said, those things have been proven wrong, thats not just my opinion (Look here: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskFeminists/comments/ttugs/i_was_in_the_library_the_other_day_and_i/c4psdtb)

It is also surprisingly that all of the people asking about the goal of feminism are feminists. (The posts linked to in the sidebar) so most of you guys dont even know what you are fighting for? 




 Most of those discussions are leading to one single post, which is proven wrong by different people in the same threads.
 




 So, I'm just wondering .. what would you feminists consider a perfectly fine social world? When is your "movement" done? What is the ideal situation to live in? I'm just curious about your mission and whether you have a goal.  




 thats not making any sense at all 




 LeBlanc shits on him 
























 The main problem is the graphics card in your iMac/MacBook. There are only options for mobile graphic cards, which are in no way equivalent to desktop graphic cards.

You get an iMac with a GTX750m which is WAY weaker than a Desktop GTX750. You just cant build a MacBook that can compete with a desktop-pc when the pc's card is as large as the whole macbook.

People saying "yeah gaming is nice on my macbook" - thats because you dont play AAA games and are not a "gamer" 

Edit: http://videocardbenchmark.net/high_end_gpus.html  

GeForce GTX 750M 1,526 points 

GeForce GTX 750 3,260 points 

GTX750 is about $100, for a macbook with a GTX750M you have to pay $1500+ 




 for me its always interesting to see those commercials, because in germany its forbidden to show products of competitors or talk about them in advertisements. (leads to pretty boring ads) 









 this is not "post some boring information"-mallard 




 at least she wont recognize you in the future 




 one minute usa!
 




 hahahaha this is so exciting  




 belgium gettin nervous 




 Bayern Mnchen! 




 "im sorry, we are out of umms" 




 you get pissed off easily, don't you? 




 insanity wolf .. also known as bad joke wolf 




 You're-Welcome! 




 nice try oreo marketing 




 i hate this fucking seal  




 and half white! 




 at least read the fucking contract before you sign it 




 how is this an awkward situation for you? 




 so hardcore 




 he wanted to brag 
























 how dare you! 









 winebottler sounds awesome 




 You don't need to trust them, you just have to look at their ridicoulus low budget of 500 million Euros which is almost nothing compared to the NSA 




 What happened to those announced products for 2014? Did he just mean the 5k-iMac? 

http://appleinsider.com/articles/14/09/12/cook-says-apple-working-on-products-that-havent-been-rumored-about-yet


Edit: rumors, dammit 




 $$$ 









 Oh wow one of the First projects is failing, the whole thing Must be shitty!  




 The only matching parts are the two inner circles.. Are you kidding me? who upvotes this? 
The wach is a rectangle and the grid is a square, it's not even remotely the same 




 This means that for 4"-Fans, the 32gig 5s is almost a nobrainer 














 only another german source, i'm sorry.
http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/bagdadi-102.html
"Al Bagdadi, leader of ISIS and his deputy apperently killed near Mosul by an airstrike"


Their source is Al Arabija and the Iraq State TV. 









 whats the point? it doesnt look like an iphone at all..  




 In case they won't release a 4" model I guess I'm just gonna stay with my 5 then and maybe get a 5s in a year or so.. 

Just changed the battery of my 5 and it's still running like a champ, so I don't see any reason to upgrade soon. 









 with the old specs you had the 8gigram/128gig ssd model at $1400 and the 8gigram/256ssd at $1500. now the difference is $200. 




 The only difference between the $1300 and $1500-model is 128gb ssd.

there is just no excuse for this. 




 wow they found one single situation where this is slightly useful 
























