











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/Max_Headroom_broadcast_signal_intrusion.jpg 


































































































































































































 Enjoy:

http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Nu1QW9rZ030/VMvfjJ889tI/AAAAAAAAt7A/KpeyNUcraWI/s1600/boygeorgebook1_Page_8.jpg

 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I know all about german history  




 \I know when you renovated your kitchen last summer.  




 You seem evil 




 She could do egg storafege 




 Ivf has been done since the 1980s bro.  




 Can you give me a link?  I'm interested.  




 The diseases caused by advanced age of parents are things like autism, which have a huge social cost.  




 The double dutch. We are very familiar 




 #oops. #YouOnlyFileOnce 




 The budget of the irs has shrunk their capacity to audit. Ffs it is awesome. 

I think less people will be terrorized over stupid shit as this keeps up.  




 Verdict: Dindoo nuffin, IRS employees all ruled honors students.  




 Holy shit. What kind of research was it?  This is why storage across different institutions and offsite is such a big deal.  




 If you "made mistakes" and accidentally deleted your income reports and tax records, would they accept that? 




 That is also a really big stereotype.  




 I asked a while back for all of this to be put into the sidebar but apparently duolinguo makes the cut whereas this doesnt.. 




 Maybe get it in writing and record your call by calling only on skype with them. 


It is like dealing with the mafia. You gotta wear a wire to nail them.  




 DIAPERS TO THE GOVERNORSHIP2016! 




 [You have now been banned from /r/keto] 




 Residential advisors are sellouts.  




 I'm sorry that the baby boomers destroyed our coujtry and bankrupted the public college system so they could get tax cuts. Would you like to critque my eating habits more now? 




 There are some scam companies that just troll/harass these cases as a staple source of business.  




 This is a textbook tu quote


I never said that.  




 I didnt say either of those things.  




 Not that Sen. Graham would know anything about that.  




 Also fuck ted 2.  


































 But surely the segregation era laws at disenfranchising and disarming blacks aren't bad at all! 




 Sins of the father are sins of the son-except when you are a so-cal movie star. Then you're absolved.  




 Good. Lying asshole.  




 Prostitution isn't human trafficking 









 I didn't say I wanted to fuck him, I said I wanted a body like him. 

Projection much? 




 One of the mormon truisms that always makes me crack up is "back massages in the front room turn into front massages in the back room".  




 How do I get a body like that?-tired of being a fatty 









 Mfw their will inevitably die in story mode and you won't be able to revive them 




 Are you a heritage speaker of hindi/punjabi/urdu? 




 Most psychometricians/psychologists think that is retarded though 




 \the economist

Thanks for such a neutral and thoughtful academic source 




 What languages do you speak? 




 Yeah this is dumb as hell. 


Next people will be mad that a white woman can't play othello.  




 No 2 quote 




 The postal service is of the highest quality institutions in the united states, and it was established by the constitution. For "constitutionalists" conservatives sure love to disobey the constitution when it comes to the postal service 




 \body intelligence


What? 




 I subscribe to wastewater management monthly, the monocle,  and a bunch of economics journals. Does that turn yoh on? 




 I dumped a guy because he had an echard tolle book on his shelf 




 "Uuh I wanna go back to Dorsia..." 




 This seems like he is just doing self promotion and trying to sell this book. I want Suze Oreman not this guy.  




 You can get those speeds on dsl? 




 It is a large number that drink the coolaid... 




 Maybe show her the penn and teller multi level marketing thing? 




 \incredibly vibrant urine

Go on, I'm already listening 




 Oh yeah, keep him going to the con job veterinarian.  




 QUICK!  TO THE EMPORIUM! 




 Uh, palestinians? 




 Maybe you just have toxiplasmosis? 




 Or learning a language. Download duolinguo 




 That is genius. Make them think you are loaded.  




 Condoms always go in the nightstand.  




 ...pee?  How? 




 With 8 cups of leftover pasta water at a simmering boil 




 Books!  Three new shelves installed to hold 10,000 titles!  Right next to my laborghini! 




 God that would be such a bitterly ironic situation in which he did nothing morally wrong 




 Username checks out 




 [Screams Internally] 




 [You are now a mod of /r/frugal] 




 The government deciding what is good or not is a really slippery slope.  




 But muh yellow journalism!


Also, some people want to get rid of the exemption for churches, which I kind of agree with 




 AKA lindsey graham? 




 That is hilarious. And I meant suburb in the prior comment.  



















 Liquor stores and gas stations are sometimes more friendly to having petitions hung up. Just ask.  









 Why does it have text?  Shouldn't it have only visuals so people from Starkville can understand it? 




 Ugly as hell. It looks french on the background 




 Tbh not really.  




 Seriously?   I wonder how much butthurt there woukd be if you flew an isis flag in a suburd 




 Why?  None of them nor their/parents/grandparents were slaves 




 You're on the list 




 \jared diamond 
























 I just found out at 22 I was the child not of my father, but instead of my mother and a sperm donor who had Croatian citizenship at the time (the procedure took place in New Orleans in the early 90s if it matters). 

I automatically had American citizenship at birth by being born of an American and by being born in America, but now that I suspect I could get Croatian citizenship I am very interested in acquiring it. 

The Croatian bills regulating it suggest you need to settle the matter before you are 18, yet I did not know of my true origin. 

Also of note, I am not sure if he fled as a refugee in the 1990s, and I know a lot of the laws are different and written with the aim of resolving stateless citizens, so I am not sure if I could inherit citizenship if he was fleeing refugee wise. 

I should have access to proof of my origin via the fertility clinic, so is there a possibility of getting citizenship?  

I will link the relevant text of the Croatian legal code. 

The gentleman in question likely signed away the kinds of rights in regard to actions such as child support or whatnot, but I doubt that still includes the ability to confer citizenship. Is that the case?

http://eudo-citizenship.eu/NationalDB/docs/CRO%20Law%20on%20Croatian%20Citizenship_consolidated%2028_10_2011_ENGLISH.pdf


http://www.hrvatiizvanrh.hr/en/hmiu/croatian-citizenship/66


I am older than 18 and not on the register of Croatian citizens, so I have no idea what to do and I presume this will involve a fair amount of paperwork even if I find all of the documentation. 

Thanks in advance. 

 


































 I was planning on at least 100 if not 200. I am not going to ever turn the A/C over 75 if I am inside the house.  

































































































































































































































































































 In terms of their governments. Like did they have cooperative foreign policy as little statelets or what?  Both were short lived in the long term, but did they have something like camaraderie as very small states who wanted independence from their southern neighbor?


Edit: especially in regard to race and the griqua being another force not necessarily subservient to the cape 










































































































































































































































