 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I think I'm finally going to get around to animating The Victor Podcast. 




 I'd always known it as fast five, fast and furious six and furious 7.  




 Another other podcast appearance was an episode of Harmentown he appeared on. Another example of him showing up, being hilarious and just getting on with everybody.  




 You make a 3D model of the whole set though couldn't you? It would take a lot of work but you could. 




 Wait so they used the same title sequence for 6 and 7? Why??? I liked the fact each was different. 




 Haha, oh no. I wonder how I got so many Swedish subscribers in the first place. Now I've lost them all.  




 [Sorry,] (http://www.boards.ie/vbulletin/showthread.php?p=77421375) it doesn't seem to be available here. I may buy some Swedish food next time I'm in IKEA though and try it in a video.  




 Two people at most normally. 




 What? I'm not even going to try understand this. 




 Thanks! How bad was my speaking at the end? 









 Thank you. I still haven't listened to all of Hollywood Handbook. I'm still in 2013 on my backlog so I'm only listening to The Reality Show Show from them right now. 




 What is this reference, I've seen it all over the sub? 




 Yeah, you can show a naked doodle of a skeleton woman but not a normal woman. 




 It was the Zooks! 




 Crack. 




 Or his own p-cast/podcasting. 




 I guess PFT just dropped in for a few minutes.  




 hope? 




 I normally use this in the summer when people are on but I have two weeks off school now and no one goes on this during the year so I have nowhere to go. 




 It sounds like that actually... went.. pretty well. Don't question it when things go well. 




 [Staring into your soul.](http://imgur.com/ZKPUihN) 




 Congratulations! Do you have a link to the film? I'd love to check it out. I was just in a film festival the other week. It was amazing. 




 Here, we can always use calculators. Is there certain questions where you have to show you didn't use one? 




 This is so cool. Not long left to vote too. It was really interesting learning about all of the different stuff. I think I may have voted for too many things to even make a difference! 




 Thanks I hope so. I have exactly a year today to get my film portfolio for college ready! 




 I really hate season 3 Abed, he's extremely frustrating. He seems more disconnected from reality than at the start.  




 I didn't win anything for it so my family seem to assume I'm upset but it was so great to see it in the cinema I don't really care. I just really wanted to share how happy I am with you guys. Have ye accomplished anything that you thought would be a life long goal?

[This] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)  is the film if any of you are interested in watching by the way. It's not very long or very good but I enjoyed making it a lot.
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY) 




 Yeah but that was the last creepy non-human thing he did right? 




 It seems pretty obvious that Abed has actually changed a lot since the start of the series, something that wasn't that obvious in series 3. Now he smiles and laughs a lot more and seems to have developed a very serious relationship with Annie. With Troy it never felt like he was really friends with him and understood what that meant but now Abed has grown a lot.

I can't wait to see how much he changes in the future season/seasons.  




 Maybe the movie will be about the group travelling back in time and placing the Greendale flag in a bunch of places. 




 First time I heard a character in CBB, I had no idea it was character for so long and I was freaked out I hadn't heard of this city if big people. Listening to it now I feel so stupid. 




 Question. I wear headphones a lot but listen at an extremely low level. Does this make the chances of this happening much lower or is it about the constant noise more than the volume? 




 Thank you so much! 




 I've heard mention of a podcast or commentary type thing for the show. I've done some googling but I can't find it. Can anyone explain what it is? 




 I did the title different for each one so at least one would be right. 









 In the bar they meet an Americian man. He's pleased to meet them and introduces them to a Spanish man and a German man. There is a Mexician man nearby but he's too nervous to introduce himself. 

The six men decide to get a drink from the bartender who is a French man. Once seated together they begin to tell stories of their home countries, explain their cultures and their ways. The German man decided to head into the bathroom because he's quite thirsty. This subject confuses the Irishman, the Englishman and the Scottishman for they have never gone to the bathroom when thirsty before. The Americian man, the Spanish man and the German man laugh for this practise is very common in this bar.

All six head into the bathroom, inside there is an Africian man. The Americian man, the Spanish man and the German man begin to suck the blood out of the Africian man. The Africian man screams. Eventually all of the men join in. 

After a few minutes the shy Mexician man wanders in and says "Is there any room for a little Mexician to suck some of this Africian mans blood."

The American man says "Sure what shall we build around this man."
And then the English man says "Fencing." 




 Hasn't it been used way more recently than that? I remember Dan did it like twice in a recent show. 




 Yes, that's it! His craziness is so much better when he's not all in your face about it. 




 Chang was so good throughout both episodes. I really liked him during season 5 too right up until near the end. Chang as a villain is so much worse. 




 Jonathan Banks didn't make it in last year. I think they like to wait a year before putting them in. 




 As anyone from outside the U.S. gotten one? 


































 It's already out here!I loved it! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEtsMqBfSyg 




 I got very excited with the guest in the season 3 finale.  









 Why are people commenting they haven't seen it yet?


I went to the midnight release last night where it followed the first Avengers and Winter Solider. Watching it in this order definitley improved the experience and there are some little things I definitley wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't seen Winter Solider directly beforehand.

It seemed everyone's problem with the movie would be too many characters but that wasn't a problem for me. My only gripe with the storylines were one pointless tangent that sort of comes back. The movie is structured very similarly to the first Avengers except for the beginning. The movie also had an extremely unexpected ending for me.


It was also very very funny. 




 I'm glad we.. uh.. managed to get it up here. 




 Lot's of Huell Howser videos on youtube for you. 
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImpGsMenmSs) one is probably the best and there is a reference to it in Huell Howser's last episode. 




 That cat video is obviously just a sketch ucb comedy made. You can see their watermark underneath the everything is terrible one.  




 Oh wow I just realised how similar the plot seems to be to Dan's pitch. I hope this one has Superman going on holidays to a beach. 




 I feel like press conferences are the new dances at Greendale. We've had three this season so far. 




 Tanks but no thanks. 




 No this is definitely it. They must have forgotten the whole Changnesia thing. 




 Read the question again there mate. 




 The phase never truly leaves you. 




 But our head mod lives in England, doesn't he? 




 Really, let me try mine *********
 




 We play Countdown here in the UK. No Rachel Ryan though :( 









 At least it's not here where there is only rain 24/7. 




 I need to start playing The Sims. 




 Time Bobby
Farts and Procreation 




 It keeps getting posted every 2/3 days. 




 I've never had an ad that was more than 30 seconds long and unskipable. 




 Yep first season is well. One of the first movie homages in the series. Marge has the choice between bowling and Homer.  









 I used to love Scotts fake games so much. David Cross doing Hollywood Facts is one of my favourite moments.

"Have you seriously not realised this is a bit, David?" 









 At what point did you find out the show was going to be a Netflix Original? Did this change your role on the show much? 














 I stopped watching season 1 but I forget where I was. Can I just jump into whatever episode appears interesting to me or is there a strict continuity in later episodes. I remember the first few episodes being quite form free. 




 It's all about whether you click on it or not. 




 I'm going to say it was this, especially considering she played Paul's wife on it. 




 I mean those early youtube videos you used to watch again and again. 




 It's 5 seconds and then you get to skip it. Who gives a shit what the ads are for if it means money for the creator. Uninstall Adblock. 




 I'm glad to see these changes
 














 Suh-real humour. 









 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 
























 One day man. One day... 









 Did you get the owners permission? 




 May I ask how you went about getting the location?  




 The Waitress!!! 




 Would you mind explaining how the dog fight went above other comedies. I feel like I've seen that exact same scene before. 




 Yes! That was terrific too. I think the main reason there has been very little Rizzo is that the puppeteer for him now does Kermit and other Jim Henson characters. 




 I remember that! I got through the first minute of his "web series" 




 Hey Moone Boy is about as Irish as Game Of Thrones in that it films here. You can put Father Ted in that same category except I don't think that was filmed here at all. 




 They're cool, but in regards to your kickstarted maybe you should look into a Patreon. I wouldn't be able to pay either way but that seems more appropriate for you. 




 And Rizzo! Rizzo has only had one line in the past 10 years! 




 The muppets did that before Abed! But I'd say it was just a one off joke in this. 




 There was a pigs in space movie? 




 Some multicams cost more purely because they're often more popular and so the cast get paid much more. 




 What was it? 




 I'm not too sure. It must have been after he stopped doing the "thanks for playing the theme song reggie" since that's how he used to start the show. 









 That's what people said when Scott retired "What's Up Hot Dog."  




 It's been a big staple of the show for a few years now and he finally chose one. It's a pretty big step in terms of canon of the show. 




 Is it uploaded anywhere? 




 [There are also these two without a match.](http://imgur.com/TL8Pfa9) I normally just randomly choose two out of these five and hope no one sees me with my feet close together. 









 The main difference seems to be that this one keeps forcing the message after the sex starts. 




 Nah Candance has anyone but she never catches Phineas And Ferb. 









 It's lower than the picture on the website? 




 Well Grown Ups 2 isn't even close. That fight scene at the end drags on for quite a while. 




 What's the deal with carnivores? 




 Dan plays Minecraft a lot. 




 Thanks, man.  




 I didn't know Jon was on so many MTV2 shows. Are they any good? I assume not from the way he used to plug them on Improv4Humans. 




 Does anyone want to make a list of everyone's catchphrases? 




 So I was inspired by your comment to finally press the button and get my favourite number 27. 




 Oooh people from "No You Shut Up!." I want more puppeteers at earwolf so eventually we'll get a puppet episode of CBBTV. 




 I believe I started regularly listening around the 3rd anniversary so this means from now on I have officially regularly listened for more than half of the show. 









 Bane? I may be filming a video where I do famous movie impressions for the year anniversary of this one. 




 Eh..thanks. It does drag on way too long.  




 I am not like that at all. I regularly doodle on books that I'm in the middle of reading. I think the fact I do that is the same reason the line going down in the middle of the triangle being lobsided doesn't bother me.  




 Eh..Avengers Spoilers bro. 









 This is a much better version of a [video](http://youtu.be/wJr0u7GaDRw)  I did a while ago.  




 I.T Crowd is not a cult show. It's very popular here. 




 Could you give rundown on what was and wasn't filmed live right in front of the audience in that episode. As far as I remember everything looked like a proper set except for the basement scenes. 




 Pretty sure that's at the start of the prisoner-monitor episode. 




 It looks like we need Superman IV The Quest For Peace. 




 India, I guess, still do 4:3. 
























 I love how Ben dropped his character but kept the voice when he told that story.  




 The subreddit was full of hatred for the show but also for others. Everyone kept giving out about people who were being positive about the show, but they didn't really exist. The subreddit spent most of it's time just discussing itself (much like this weeks Community) but in a bad way.  




 You catch more of the jokes but the feeling of "jumping out of your seat and clapping your hands while you giggle" only happens during the first watch for me.  




 Our lowest time was before you joined. This Subreddit during season 4 was a genuinely vile place. 




 That's my first thought when I see this as well. They all look well into their 20's.  




 You should. There are a bunch of these on YouTube but this is the earliest I could find.  




 It could very well be. But since the CBB episode was recorded a few weeks back it seems like too much of a coincidence they released this video today.  




 You should at least skim it. The moment when it's just his legs is hilarious.  









 1. Happy late-Birthday.
2. Try doing driving related things and see if it hurts.
3. If it does, you should probably cancel. The driving instructor won't mind. The decision will mostly only affect you so do what is best for you.
4. If it doesn't hurt GO PASS THAT TEST EYELIKEPIE2!! 




 We need to get a post high on /r/teenagers. It should be easier since Sunny is a mod there ... but I don't know if he still comes here. 




 I knew that though. 









 I was going to post this to /r/woahdude but I figured it might be too much noise and stuff. 




 That would be a very tough one to do. Not really any long shots to use, he'd have to just be in the background.  




 I'd buy an album of just remixes of the video. 




 Thanks. Someone with a stronger computer could do a version of this with all 30 Shia's at once though. That would be amazing. 




 That should be the name. If someone does a better version of this they should name it that. 




 I tried to match the pauses together at certain spots but I think that's the only noticeable one.  




 Wait Paul F. Tompkins isn't playing ball droid? 









 At least she hasn't given 36 blowjobs. 




 That video was hilarious. I can't wait to hear the scene they do of it and the return of Eric! 




  Wasn't series 2 delayed because of the episode with all the shooting in an Americian high school? 




 Have you seen Danger 5? It's very similar to Kung Fury. 




 That's my second favourite one. The one where he keeps saying SnapLegs is my personal favourite. 




 A network is basically the company inbetween you and youtube. They call themselves networks but I don't know if they fit the definition of one. 









 Nope most Youtubers join a network when they're big enough. Especially gaming youtubers, since the network can protect them from video game company's. 




 Whoever told you a million views is a grand was way off. 









 Does this mean Nathan For You isn't back this Summer? 














 As somebody who doesn't anything about WOW or MMO culture I am very familiar with Leeroty Jenkins. It's not a very unknown thing. 




 The teenager character is so good because he's playing a character of himself playing a character.  




 He also has a very important cameo at the end of "Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie." 




 No I'm sure that's it. The flower scene in the trailer rings familiar. It's just that the memory has been in head for so long it's changed a lot over the years. 

That's not an actual link to the film by the way. As far as I can tell it's not streaming anywhere online.  




 Yep, you're just a "grower not a shower" as they say.  




 You used the same link for Yo La Tengo and Once In A While. 




 I guess this must be it. I think I morphed the movie so much in my head though that watching the trailer isn't making me feel like I found it.

 




 Nope it wasn't animated. Live action. 




 Here is the very random plot points I remember.
-The main characters sister was part of the club
-The main character's crush may have been a princess but to prove it they had to prove a series of conditions one of which was that she was allergic to flowers. There was a dinner scene where the main character distracted the girl while the rest of the group tried to figure out if the girl was allergic.
-I believe in the end it turned out the sister was the princess. 
-At one point the clubhouse was split directly in two.

If anyone could help I would greatly appreciate it. I've been trying to find the name of this movie for the past 10 years.

I should also mention I watched it on the UK Nickleodeon and while I'm sure it wasn't british it could have been made anywhere else.  




 I'll play it. 




 It was doing alright upvotes wise and then it all went downhill. My 15 seconds are over goodnight guitarknowitall 




 But carpe diem. 




 This happens to me twice or three times a day. 
























