 The house that bad storytelling built.  




 Nicholson's Wolf, he gets turned in Vermont. 

I Am Legend the last human city is in Vermont. 

The Shining, Nicholson had worked in Vermont (I might have the detail wrong on this one). 

Those are some less obvious ones. Of course there's the Bob Newhart show and Me Myself and Irene.  




 Heh. I do SEO and reputation management for a living, and have been watching this for a while now. I advice clients on how to handle these things, and it was a good move. Of course my advice also includes to be more humble, transparent, and honest in communication. I wonder if he got that message too.  




 This looks really fricken cool. Anybody know anything about Kupa? I've never heard if them 




 There's a post to r/tablets about one by Kupa that fits your description. Great stats including 8gb of RAM, removable battery, and modules to add other items. 

 




 I'm wishing the best for you.  




 Cluster headaches. 

Fuck that shit.  




 This.  




 Sorry to hear about your struggles. Sounds like you have a lot on your mind currently. Make sure you are doing something good for yourself.  




 My marriage is falling apart. 

But really looking forward to the next Star Trek! 




 I'm not in front of my computer, so this is from my failing memory. You have to click browse (or something like that) where it allows you to search for either games in progress or lobbies. At that point there's an option to open a new lobby. 

Hope that helps.  




 When in the lobby as the leader, edit settings and change server to local.  




 Worst dialogue ever, that's why.  




 Minor detail.  




 Can you post link when done? I'm at ikea now so can't watch yet.  




 Can't argue with that.  




 It's kinda like saying you worship Christ, but Satan is your second god.  




 Hey I do too! It'll be nice to see all the Patriots fans squirming in their seats at work. They always seem to feel their the only team that deserves to win. I'm sure they will be blaming the refs. 

 




 We saw butt fumble, now we have the ref tackle.  




 My understanding is heat death is like the Big Crunch (opposite of Big Bang) and cold death is when energy speeds to far for significant heat, thus freezing everything. 

Mr Nye? 




 Tom, is that you? 




 I believe that the leading theory is that the universe will either end with cold death, or it will continue as-is, and heat death has been eliminated as a possibility.  




 Fuck the Patriots.  




 Just change one letter, be project herpes.  




 Use Firefox, search for a YouTube downloader in the add-on section.  




 I live in New England. I started watching football when Marino was the man and took the team to the Super Bowl. Watching him was a lot of fun, and became a fan. I was about 9 years old.  




 Super good movie.  




 It doesn't hurt me.  Have I finally found my super power? 




 I third this. We should shoot for quality.  




 So the empty seats look nicer on TV.  




 I see what you did there.  




 He's never had a top defense. He's over rated.  




 I'll check out superuser, thanks. ID rather not go through all the re-encoding hassle for this many films though.  




 Thanks, I'll check the codecs. I have a feeling those are fine as it starts to play often then just stops, but I'll see. Good to know yours works. What do you use to rip blu-rays? 




 I have the first Asus Transformer, but it won't play, or crashes, when I try to play some of the larger movie files I have (1.5 - 4gb, generally .mp4), which are obviously often HD.

What tablet specs should I look for in determining if it can play these files? Any specific recommendations?

Thanks Reddit!
Endif 




 Are you forgetting about the Fourth Kind? 




 I consider it horror, and definitely my favorite. 

Also like The Ring, and Blair Witch Project.  




 Too bad. I think the series could be a lot of fun with a better director.  




 I don't want to be an Ireland defender, but let me give it a shot.

McCown was 2008, which Parcells was in charge of. Feel free to disagree, but if we are going to evaluate Ireland I feel like the last 2 years are the ones to look at.

When I look at last year's draft, I think it may end up being one of the best that any team had in 2012, especially considering rookie free agents.

Here's why. Our picks:
1st Round  Ryan Tannehill (QB, Texas A M)
2nd Round  Jonathan Martin (OT, Stanford)
3rd Round  Olivier Vernon (DE, Miami)
3rd Round  Michael Egnew (TE, Missouri)
4th Round  Lamar Miller (RB, Miami)
5th Round  Josh Kaddu (OLB, Oregon)
6th Round  B.J. Cunningham (WR, Michigan State)
7th Round  Kheeston Randall (DL, Texas)
7th Round  Rishard Matthews (WR, Nevada)

So we had 4 draft picks as solid contributors this year (Tannehill, Martin, Vernon, Miller). That looks pretty good!

Add Lane and Thigpen and that's 6 solid rookie players in one off-season.

I think you will be hard pressed to find many teams that got 6 starters from the draft. If I compare this draft to an Ozzie Newsome one, who I think is great, the Ravens best draft may have been 2008 where they got Joe Flacco, Ray Rice, and Tom Zbikowski (now with the Colts). That's 3 players out of 10 picks. I don't know who their rookie free agents were, but we know those are rare anyway. The rest of the Ravens picks aren't even on their team anymore, just Flacco and Rice. Two important pieces and that's a successful draft.

I guess what I'm saying is that I think Ireland has become the fall guy, and people have really high expectations in a draft (most guys don't work out, just a fact). I wanted Ireland fired after 2011, but the more I thought about it, the more I feel he really does deserve to continue. Parcells is the guy we should be mad at, he didn't pick a good coach or QB, so we were doomed. Now Ireland is in charge, and so far so good. Let's just hope it continues.

Anyway, agree to disagree I guess.  




 Lol, decaf!

You just said he sucked the whole time, so what do you expect in return? A second rounder for a guy you readily admit sucked (your word) sounds like we got the better end of the deal.  I'll take that deal every day. 

And I haven't down voted any of your posts or comments (that i am aware of) and am willing to make that public to prove it. 

Deep breath now!

 




 Blocked in US.  




 I'm still happy with the trade. A 2nd rounder is good.  




 She's a girl. Even if a reason were given it would be impossible to truly understand. And in typical female fashion, she kills you for not understanding. 

You must not be married for asking such a question.  




 I'm pretty sure that's Fred Savage.  




 No. Think players, not plays.  




 Food court seman surprise.  




 The Virgin Mary. 

 




 Serenity now! 




 Fuck the Jets.  




 Agreed. The drafts Parcells lead sucked, Ireland hasn't done poorly, deserves to continue. Change there now would be bad.  




 Damn you Binns! 




 Cause fuck you fist pumper.  









 I'm still watching. Hate not watching.  




 Fuck the scheduler! Fuck his wife! Fuck his daughter! 




 Boobs are never wrong.  




 Looks like tannehill's wearing a goddamn parka.  




 While we're at it let's fuck his wife too.  




 Agreed that this one is better.  




 Totally agree. Look at the stands of the away games and you'll see teal 13s throughout. 

We are here. 
We are hungry. 
We are not all in Miami. 
We are not all willing to spend hundreds to see a game until you prove we will consistently have a shot at winning.  




 It's going to be a tough year. We better be ready.  




 Whatever...

GIRLY MAN! 




 I thought he did well for his first game, but not like I concentrated on him. 

Smith, Marshall, and him...then add a rook and our secondary may be decent. 

Honestly, with even a slightly better secondary we may have made the playoffs this year, they were burned repeatedly.  




 For me it's the tail that makes it look like a whale. It isn't terrible, but needs some tweaking.  




 A moment of revelation. An exciting discovery. The urge to share.  









 gone. 




 There's a sequel too.  














 well that was easy. got it set up in just a couple minutes. thanks! 




 It looks like it does support dynamic dns, but only from one provider and there is an associated cost.

Do you know of a free script? The IP sometimes changes during the day, so one that would email every time that happens would be awesome.

Thanks,
Endif 




 Hi Reddit techsupport,

Here's the challenge I've got. I occasionally connect to my home laptop from my iphone using VNC when I'm at work, so obviously I need to know my home laptop's IP address. 

Unfortunately, my crappy backwoods DSL connection occasionally restarts, and then I get a new IP.

Is there any way to set something up so I always know my home laptop's IP, even when not there?

Appreciate any assistance.
Endif

home laptop:
Sager; Windows 7 









 I Am Legend HD 




 I don't believe that I bought a 5gb hard drive in 1998 for $500. I'm so stupid, if I just waited I could have gotten a 500gb for $60. 

Buying computer parts has ruined my life.  




 I just ripped a couple films. Worked well, and easy. Quality is acceptable.  




 My condolences.  




 Old thread but thought I'd comment. 

As someone with a lot of hours, it's a very strategic game that can be ruined by inexperienced players. I'm not a fan of kicking, however, if you don't communicate and try to follow instructions you probably will be kicked. But it does depend on who you are playing with. Tell people you are new and listening, they should give you a chance.  
























 Thanks for the tips. You are all awesome. 




 I assumed if they had milkshakes they would be tiny and pricey? True fact? 




 And don't say a fast food place like McDonald's.

I'm craving... 




 Do you think this might rebound in the future? Is it worth holding if you stepped away and came back to see 50% hit? 




 Still in AVEO? Target PPS? 




 In that case we would have this thread all over again.  




 To each their own. I find these movies unwatchable.  




 Yeah, to say he didn't get over the courting of Harbaugh is juvenile and shows he doesn't take responsibility for his portion. 

Not saying Sparano was a great couch, just saying Ross should not have tried to hire a guy for a filled position. 




 Miami has 104, 106, 109 tomorrow. fast and furious.

they got 106 and 109 for their 2nd 3rd round pick. 




 any idea what we got? 




 I think it's coming up
...

shit actually don't know. 




 I love Incognito. I'd like to see him and Rex in the octagon. I'd pay good money for that. 




 I'm drunk, so there's that.

Mayock likes him. 




 Well there's a tackle. I don't know shit about him, but 2nd rounder he must be decent. 




 He's their best player at this point. 




 If Geno Smith or Tebow start you will still have your chance. 









 but they aren't smart...so...starting QB week 1...Jamarcus Russell.

Write it down. 




 eh, not worth the time. 




 seriously, don't help him! 




 that would be as good as a wet dream.

Sanchez, Tebow, Garrard, Smith...let's see what a complete fuckmess they can make this team 




 and I would have deserved it. 




 Mike Mayock looks disgusted on NFL Network :)

Asked about who is started QB week 1 he said "I have no idea what's going on". When a guy that good at what he does says that...it's good to be a Fins fan! 




 First, I hate the fucking Jets. But I'm starting to feel sorry for some of their players, like Geno. Damn they are fucked. Can a team lose 20 games in a year? 




 nuff said. 




 I have a friend who can't seem to get movies on his One. He plugs it into his computer and copy/pastes to the movies folder and then a message comes up that it's "converting". The battery (even though it's plugged in) drains before it finishes (about 2gb mp4).

First, why converting?

Second, the transfer should not take hours.

Anyone else tried to put a movie on? 




 and the jets didn't get better. trade revis for milliner...yeah, not better. 




 What a terrible movie description. 




 we got a deal 




 the giants won superbowls because of great pass rush 




 love it. crush brady. I know everyone wants secondary or OT, but a great pass rush can mask a weak secondary (though i'd say our secondary is slightly improved), and if we're quick to get rid of the ball our offense will be fine.

oh, and fuck the jets. 









 too bad, want to see it. 




 Reload damnit! 




 Factor in the cost of Internet access. With cable you are paying for that access as well, so netflix is a bit more expensive to you than just their fee.  




 Every down vote from a jets fan is a badge of honor. 

Keep 'em coming you low-life fucktards! 




 You heard the man, to the boobs! 




 First post? Check. 
Female? Check. 
Hawk? Check. 

To the front page... 




 Awesome, thank you! Seems likely enough! 









 Amazon Instant Video tops my list.  




 Any one else notice the influx of "church planters" the past 5 years? I have met a few that moved here recently to start churches and neighborhood prayer groups. Literally, that's what they moved here for, with their families, and no jobs...just took whatever job they could get. 

Things like that can end up upsetting a community. Let's hope we stay open.  




 Add me: Endif

I've played survival in the past, mostly scavange now. Play mostly at 9pm eastern.  




 Figures ...

I appreciate the info though, probably saved me some cash. 
 




 I have not tried that (wasn't slow from the "get-go"). Have you found that to be helpful? 




 The Nexus 10 is more than twice as much ($250 vs. $560 for the 32gb). Otherwise I'd make the jump. I'd like something more affordable with a great screen that won't shit the bed in a few months like the first Asus Transformer (still works but is just about as slow as you can get). 




 It seems like this is a great tablet from the specs, the only shortcoming being the 8gb of storage, though it accepts microsd cards for more.

I'm looking for a tablet with a great display for primarily watching movies, and I want access to the Play store (hence not the Kindle), though I will likely only install a few apps. Is there something I'm missing with this one? Seems super cheap.

Stats from Amazon and link for reference:
- Super HD definition with up to 2048 x 1536 pixels resolution
- 9.7" capacitive 10x multitouch capacitive IPS display
- Google certified with full access to the Google Play Store and its 700.000 apps to download
- Aluminium back casing
    Front and back cameras with autofocus mode (2   5 MP)

http://www.amazon.com/Archos-Titanium-Tablet-Android-Storage/dp/B00B0C8UOU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1364297943 sr=8-1 keywords=archos+97+titanium+hd 




 the 3d makes this messed up. 




 Nope, false alarm.  




 I need to give it time...let it sink in.  




 They will be so bad they find a way to go 0-20 




 When he fucks Giselle he thinks about Wes. You know it's true.  




 Yeah, he'll really help the Pats for 8 games next year.  




 Thanks for the context. Love Philbin so far! 




 I'm lost. What is this in reference to?  




 Overthrowing isn't always the quarterback's fault. I've seen plenty of passes by Big Ben where he just heaved the ball and Wallace just ran to get it. 

The Dolphins didn't have a guy who could do that before.  




 Agreed. That's the worst ting about the movies subreddit.  




 The answer is 'no'. 

It's what everyone wants but will never be provided. Oh the ability to just buy a movie and watch it on any device and without an Internet connection! What a dream!

This is why people still download illegally. It is literally easier to steal the content than to pay for it. Major content providers may never learn.  




 Nice, thanks! 




 Anyone have links to videos of "pros" playing Scavange? In games I occasionally hear people talk about them but have yet to find any online.  




 Have you tried changing your aliases? 




 Acting sure doesn't look like much fun anymore.  




 Smoke. 

Weapon. 

Flying debris. 

Yep, poster for action flick! 




 I did this. I'm ashamed of myself now :( 




 All Star Wars. 

All Lord of the Rings. 

All Kill Bill. 

Bring on the down votes.  




 This.  




 Came to see the girlfriend. Was not disappoint.  




 That list is laughable. Don't quit your day job! 




 I've been reading comments, and it's interesting to read other perspectives. 

I admit I could be wrong (time will tell) but I don't see the pistol as a fad. I never thought the wildcat would last, and it hasn't, but the pistol is a much different threat and harder to defend. With the pistol you actually have someone who can throw the ball involved, rather than a Ronnie Brown who didn't offer much threat there. 

If I were to select an offense, I wouldn't utilize the pistol much for the same reason others said, injuries. RG3 is amazing, but I think his career will be limited by injuries. Wilson and Kaper might hold up better though. 

We'll see! 




 Sure, not exactly their offense but it sure has helped other teams (WAS, SEA, SF). Does Tanney have what it takes?  




 49ers because for some reason Ray Lewis gets an absolute free pass for possibly murdering someone. He's talked about like a god and no commentators bring this up. He can choke on a dick. 

Fuck the Jets.  




 Looks like nothing but black screen.  




 I have that same calendar. I hate to say it, but that calendar reinforced to me how depleted our roster is (I blame Parcells). 

Also, why the hell is Vontae Davis in the calendar when he left before September? They didn't keep track of trades before the season! 




 It's photos like this that make me feel we have totally lost our minds.  




 "If you find pussy for less anywhere else...fuck it."

For my pimp interview.  




 Curious about this too, especially since it's also a Kubrick film. 




 And ours played better this year.  




 10 million?  He's shooting high as a negotiation tactic. Like the guy, but he just isn't worth it.  




 And cover the shit with pennies.  


































 It's pretty easy for people to say "resign", but difficult to do.

It sounds like your boss is aware of your position on this, make sure that others are as well. Leaders in the organization need to understand the impact (potential consequences) of the strategy, and ideally know that you are not a proponent of it, though still see you as a team player since you are moving forward with it per instructions.

You may have to work around your boss to achieve the above, but the greater good is the organization and not your boss' ego. Help your boss understand that your concern is the success of the business, and it isn't anything personal. 




 Not Mama. 




 He's a dick.  




 ELI5 




 I want to see this acted out by Monty python.  




 *Sigh.* 




 I'd love a statue (specifically looking for one of Thoth) for my home, but what I've been able to find online are generally very small (a few inches) or just outrageously priced (IMHO).

Do you know of any places online where you can buy ~4' (feet) statues? Wood is fine with me, not looking for marble or anything like that.

Thanks.
Endif 




 What's the sound quality like? Say 1 of these stuck to a cup vs portable speakers. A d how does it stick? 




 NSA. Just doing my job.  




 Isn't this common in the ONE? And, what are you doing in this thread? 




 You can buy my condo. The mortgage for my 2 bdrm condo would end up being about half of what you would pay in rent. Then you could rent out one of the rooms and essentially pay nothing -- that's what I did for years.

PM me if interested. 




 So you are saying that homeless = alcoholic?

Look, games like this can be played all day. Let it go, it's a nice day out. 




 What game types do you play? 




 Thanks everybody! 




 Keep that little story to yourself, mkay? 




 Yeah the bad part is you have to take care of the shit for 18 years.  




 Pween, say it ain't so! You didn't seem that way in-person! 




 I've searched around but not finding much that really helps explain what someone who contacted me is trying to do, at least in a way that I understand. 

I am selling my condo and I got a call from an investment company (supposedly at least) saying they were interested in my property. She asked if we were to come to an agreed upon selling price if I would be willing to have them take on the mortgage payments. 

I told them I didn't understand what they were trying to do and would need more information, and she said she would arrange for the investor to contact me (I got the investor's name and she works at a local university, so I'm not sure how legit this is if she still holds a "regular" job). 

Any idea what this is? Sounds like bad news to me, but I'm not a mortgage expert.  




 Lol. By "community" I meant Burlington, not Reddit.

I'm gonna just leave this. I don't have the energy nor the desire to help you with your issues. 




 Wow. How do you think you come across reading your own post?

This is the Internet, even better it's Reddit. Let's not take it too seriously. 

As someone who has met Pween, he's a nice guy. Many others would have told the homeless guy to F off, but Pween shared what he had with him. Let's not vilify someone we share a community with for crap on Reddit.  




 Freelance what? 




 Helping retailers advertise online? Dealer.com has some openings right now that you might be qualified for. 

careers.dealer.com 




 That's a business plan right there!

Am I the only one old enough to remember that theatre? We called it the "cheap seats" because it was 1 dollar for a ticket, and the head lice were free.  




 A rotisserie chicken wrapped in a Hannaford plastic bag -- no, it wasn't still in its container. 

He was a nice guy.  




 Damn, why all the down votes for such a nice post? 




 How you doin'? 




 #1's stomach photoshoped? 




 User name is Endif. What's yours? 




 That's enough from you.  




 :(

I don't understand why a company would refuse to provide the service someone is paying for. I wish I could just switch. 




 The answer is a bit personal for Reddit actually. 




 They don't serve my neighborhood :( 




 This morning my download speed was .05mb. Congestion, equipment, whatever. The fact that Fairpoint's DSL has been this way for years in parts of Burlington without it being addressed is the issue. 




 Yeah I heard all of those from the Burlington area Fairpoint "support". I wonder if it's bad in other places.  




 Right now they've got me. For reasons not in my control I cannot switch. Since they refuse to actually fix the problem I left with trying to call attention to their poor service. 

YouTube next with a video of a speed test. Lets see if I can get some of these posts to rank in Google! 




 a different edit/version of the movie for the Chinese market. 




 For years Fairpoint DSL has been unacceptably slow, and calling Fairpoint tech support or customer service doesn't actually ever fix the issue. They say restart the modem, yadda yadda yadda, but the speeds never get better.

On one occasion someone said that it's due to equipment on the street and that it would be upgraded, but that was 3 years ago...

Speed Tests (note that the screenshots show they were completed over wifi, so you can ignore the 3g at the top, I was on 3g when taking the screenshots and uploading to imgur since the wifi is useless):

http://i.imgur.com/POTetIi.png

http://i.imgur.com/felkktP.png

http://i.imgur.com/ERw83xn.png

Fairpoint isn't providing a service that they are being paid to. 




 For years Fairpoint DSL has been unacceptably slow, and calling Fairpoint tech support or customer service doesn't actually ever fix the issue. They say restart the modem, yadda yadda yadda, but the speeds never get better.

On one occasion someone said that it's due to equipment on the street and that it would be upgraded, but that was 3 years ago...

Speed Tests (note that the screenshots show they were completed over wifi, so you can ignore the 3g at the top, I was on 3g when taking the screenshots and uploading to imgur since the wifi is useless):

http://i.imgur.com/POTetIi.png

http://i.imgur.com/felkktP.png

http://i.imgur.com/ERw83xn.png

Fairpoint isn't providing a service that they are being paid to. 




 I think it's what allows PC players and Xbox players to play together.  




 An improvement to the AI would be very nice.  




 how about and advanced race put us in cages and treat us like sex slaves?

oh the irony that would be! 




 I'm interested as well! 




 Almost eryday.  




 I am anticipating selling it for more than what I paid. I've owned it for 10 years. 

Thanks for the advice. 




 Was a rental, and I don't *think* I was doing any depreciations...guy who does my taxes didn't say anything like that at least. 




 Rental, no improvements. 




 I appreciate the attempt to make me smile! Unfortunately this has been a tough one for both of us...neither of us are happy about it but it seems the only thing left. 




 Thanks, that was informative, I didn't know that.

Unfortunately I haven't lived there at all the past 5 years :( I take it it's all tax then... 




 Hi all,

I own a condo and am going through a divorce. I have an ok amount of equity in the condo, so what I'd like to do is sell it in order to pay my ex a lump sum which would reduce the amount of alimony I pay per month.

My understanding is if I sell the condo I'll take a big tax hit unless I put that money back into a place to live. Is there some work-around where if you sell property but the money goes to alimony you don't take that hit?

I appreciate any help.
train_subject4065 




 And proud of it. 




 I'm considering removing the popcorn ceiling in my condo, and it is painted (oil based paint I believe) so I'm very worried. 

Can you report back on how this went? What you did? Challenges/solutions? What worked? I'm super worried about what I'm getting into as I don't know how to do shit. 









 One Hour Photo 




 That would be the bee's knees. 




 I feel pretty stupid posting this here, but I need some help and I know there's plenty of local expertise here.

I need help from an accountant ASAP. I am now going through a divorce and need to know the best way to go with finances/alimony. I need info asap as my soon-to-be-ex wants to move quickly. I'm not asking for a hand-out, I'll pay the person, but really need 30-60 minutes of a professionals time as early as possible. Monday or Tuesday afternoon would be ideal.

Thanks,
Endif 




 Ok, who invited this guy? 




 I drove through Waterbury today. I'll add this to my list and ask for rerun84 :) 




 Wow thanks for all the suggestions! I have some touring to do :)

This might get down votes, but I'm not even looking for places with local beers, just want to go somewhere new and meet some cool people!

Thanks again! 




 Hi Vermont Redditors. 

I live in burlington and am familiar enough with the bars here, but thought it would be fun to visit some small town bars for a few drinks. 

So, any recommendations? Looking for bars with cool and chill people who wouldn't mind chatting with a Burlingtonian.  




 I remember it and commented on it. I thought it strange that I couldn't find it anymore either.  




 It's bad Photoshop by the seller. 




 No, it's Photoshoped (and not my house). The agent took a photo and covered up a bad spot in the floor by cutting/pasting a section of floor from another spot in the house. 




 I would watch that so hard.  




 LOL. You sound like one of the many many robots I spoke to. And it was a manager... 









 Not all the lights on planes blink. 

Wish I had seen it.  




 Your are a gentleman. Thank you for sharing. 




 Google io starts Wednesday where a new tablet is expected to be announced, at least what until then.  




 I've been in some very competitive public games.  




 I wish I recorded the conversation as it was hilariously bad. I purchased a cell phone and 5 days later still no communication from the seller (I've been emailing through ebay asking for updates), so I opened a case and called their "support" department to attempt to move the escalation date up -- since the seller hasn't communicated in 5 days I don't see the point in giving him 7 more days, which the case provides.

Anyway, the conversation with the "Manager" quickly escalated to him telling me "you're new to ebay, you don't know how it works" when I've been a member since 2001. He then berated me for not having much feedback "you only have 6 feedback, you don't know how this works". His tone was very much like bad parenting.

I have to admit I was laughing on the inside, but certainly not going to be using ebay again when you call for help from a non-responsive seller (I used paypal) and they literally make fun of you on the phone.

At the end I recommended customer service training for him, he didn't seem to like that. 




 They look at the hours you have played, if it's low and it's a competitive game they would rather a bot or take a chance on the next guy. 

I understand the frustration, but when in a competitive game someone who doesn't know the specific strategies is almost working for the opposing team.  




 Yeah, this happened when it was still up.  




 Tried 6 times to download and it stops every time. Even tried 2 different downloaders.  




 OMG what? 




 Happy birthday, wrathgrapes! 




 I know right! 




 Need, or want? Don't need any, but milkshakes really are the bees knees. 





























 Hi again,

Well now that I take a closer look I don't think it's an issue of space between the copper place and that copper tubing, but here are photos of the unit assembled, the GPU uncovered, and a side shot so you can see the space (or lackthereof) between that plate and tube.

http://imgur.com/a/cj4yy

Thanks for any help. 




 A small step for pope, a giant ... Aww fuck it, this is such horseshit from someone with a private jet who sits on golden chairs of opulence.  




 You are correct, sir. 




 I'll take a photo tomorrow, I really appreciate the help. 

When I had it on earlier and the case open, the metal plate on the GPU was hot (as in cook flesh in 1 second) and the heat sink by the fan was relatively cool. So possibly heat isn't transferring to that copper tube thingy.  




 Positive I did the GPU and not the CPU. 

The thermal paste was placed between the GPU and a copper plate. There is a plastic piece that surrounds the GPU on all sides that I wasn't expecting (note that it was not on top of the GPU though). 

I'm a little hesitant to get a picture because it means taking it apart again. How helpful would it be?

It seems very strange to me that it would even get that hot when not running something demanding. I even started windows in safe mode and ended up turning it off it got so hot.  




 A conversation first. One thing I'm learning, which I couldn't do in my marriage which lead to it ending, was effectively speak my feelings and stand up for myself without knocking my wife down. It's difficult managing a relationship. Sometimes I just think I'm not cut out for it. 




 That's sad, I feel for you. I'm recently divorced and know how bad things can feel. If you don't think she will say something nice to you it sounds like there are issues that need to be addressed.
 




 close. but really, can't we guess most films before seeing them? 




 It was a joke because of your use of "or". 




 Do we get to choose or is it like Let's Make a Deal? 




 Wow, that poor girl! Someone should move her out. 




 Well, thermal paste added and heat sinks cleaned up. The GPU still gets to 117c then shuts down, but I bought maybe 5-10 additional seconds before it reaches that temp. 

Any other ideas? 




 Yeah it's running. I have the case open so I can see it.  




 Thanks for the advice. I'll give that a shot.  




 Hi Reddit techsupport,

I have a 2 year old Sager laptop with a GeForce 460m graphics card. About 2 weeks ago it started acting strange and automatically shutting off. This started when I was playing L4D2 - when there was a big horde and lots of action it would start to stutter and then just shut off. At first I thought it was due to the similarly timed Steam update, that maybe it was more RAM demanding. 

Then I noticed how hot the machine was getting and downloaded speedfan to monitor temps while playing. The GPU would get to about 110c and then the stuttering starts and the laptop would shut down. 

Now I turn on my laptop and turn on speedfan and nothing else. In well under a minute (30 seconds maybe) the temp of the GPU gets to 117c and shuts down - and that's with having the laptop on its side with the bottom casing off for better ventilation. 

Obviously I don't have enough time to even download new drivers. 

Is this a thing with this GPU? What should I do? Given my recent divorce (not looking for sympathy) I can't afford to swap the chip. 

Typing on my phone so sorry for any typos. 

Any help is appreciated. 

train_subject4065 




  Moviepass

moviepass.com 




  moviepass

check out moviepass.com, if your theater takes Discover then moviepass should work. 




 I'm thinking about signing up for MoviePass (like $30/month and you get to go to unlimited number of movies, a few caveats of course) but I'm wondering if anyone has tried this in VT theaters, and if so how it went.

Theoretically it should work since it's just a Discover credit card, but you never know.

Thanks! 




 Tip: do humanity a favor and just leave now.  




 The rest of the world no longer exists. You are humanity's final hope. 

It is time for you to procreate.  




 A Real Doll.  




 Well, I love it. I can see why some feel it's "sterile" but I love that clean look.

I'd like to know the specific paint colors/base used for the walls and stairs. 




 I don't think anything like this leads to change.

There has to be a violent spark to start that fire. 




 You don't need a checking account to accept a check. 




 In this case, self hatred or alcoholism I suppose.  




 This. It's also available in the Amazon Android app store. 




 The fact that the reflection wasn't adjusted kind of ruins it. 




 Just looking at that my IBS is acting up! 



















 It's not that the U.S. isn't brutal enough, it's that the military is no longer needed to take another country. Capitalism and corporations do it for us. 




 Going through a divorce now myself. Your statement sounds like you're describing me. 

Good luck with everything, and sorry about your marriage.  




 You need to look up Dean Radin if you haven't already. He is a scientist seriously studying psychic phenomena. He has a few books.  




 Not me.  




 You aren't. I've asked people in-game and a couple others said the same. 
 




 Similar here but not that bad. I had to adjust video settings down to improve lag. Graphics don't look as good as they could but still very playable. Hopefully they'll fix. Contact their support on twitter.  




 It's down. 




 Say whaaaaaaaaaat? 




 Thanks for the info. Definitely see how things like the protein would've a lot.  




 Aww I liked the movie! I saw it in the theatre and thought it was good.  




 I just learned about soylent today and purchased a 1 week supply to try it. 

I am curious though, why couldn't this just be supplied and taken in pill form? Maybe I'm ignorant on the whole thing. I'm sure it would be a large number of pills, but you could take them throughout the day.  




 Have you tried craigslist? If you go to school there may be resources available to put you in touch with other students.  




 I suggest you take her to Guildhall.  

Only because, it rhymes with anal. 

In all seriousness though, anal is grande.  




 Glad you can enjoy it. Just not for me, too dark and sounds bad to me.  




 it's a cam rip, hence the utterly unwatachabilitynessesque of it. 




 The update seemed to mess up my video settings, still can't seem to get them right.  














 Scratch that off the list of places to visit.  









 Congratulations, happy for you both.

BTW, can't unsee the placement of the exclamation point. 




 Shit myself a little. 




 Anotha' Hans Zimma' 









 Probably the Chinese cut as well. 






































































































































