









 feels like. sword is moving through my stomach. and then my 5th or 6th trip to the bathroom the last couple of bowel movements that come out they sting, badly. Some of it is just mucus but it stings when it passes through. 

fucking awful. I fainted on the toilet for 45 minutes. I woke up on the floor with blood and mucus/poop on my leg. and my head hurt. awful make stop.  














 I will be answering questions for my cat, Fred who wanted to do an AMA.  









 No categories. Top 5 of everything.  









 A family walks into a talent agency. It's a father, mother, son, daughter and dog. The father says to the talent agent, "We have a really amazing act. You should represent us."

The agent says, "Sorry, I don't represent family acts. They're a little too cute."

The mother says, "Sir, if you just see our act, we know you would want to represent us."

The agent says, "OK. OK. I'll take a look."

The father pulls out a watermelon and shoves it in the daughters vagina. The daughter screams in pain from the giant fruit. Then the son takes off his shirt revealing a pink bra and starts fingering himself in the asshole. The mother takes off all of her clothes and starts to finger herself while the father feeds her x-lax pills. The father grabs the daughter and shoves her face right in the mothers butt hole that at that moment exploded with diarrhea all over her face and it filled up her mouth. The the daughter turned to the son and spat the diarrhea all over him. Then the father reaches in the girls vagina and pulls out the now stinky, cum covered watermelon and starts to hump it while the mother begins to shoot her explosive diarrhea in his direction. Then the son begins to rub his cock and cums all over the daughter. Then the father stops humping the watermelon and cums all over her. They continue to cum on her while the mother fills up a plastic kiddie pool with her crap and piss. They all jump in the human excrement and start to fuck each other. Now the pool is filled with cum and shit and piss. 

They jump out of the pool covered in cum and shit and piss and say "tada!".


For the longest time, the agent just sits in silence. Finally, he manages, "That's a hell of an act. What do you call it?"

And the father says, **"The Aristocrats!"**

 














 it* 







































 Keep in mind I'm American and now nothing on European Soccer.  





































































 I've been in the profession for 3-4 years now. AMA! 




 I noticed this is a movie a lot of people enjoyed. Is there something I'm missing with this movie? It's seem really highly rated but when I watch it there's no endearing quality about it, it's just a cheesy humor, action flick with not so great montages of a kid training while we watch the villain plot. Is this like a homage or satire? 

What am I missing? I feel like there's a joke and I missed it.  







































 So about 6-7 months ago I told my best friend at the time that his behavior was unacceptable when he got drunk: Example: Overly aggressive, violent, angry, mean, physical, arrogant, and insulting when he gets drunk. One night was the icing on the cake for me, and I told him when he was sober how I felt and that I think he might have a problem. Irregardless if he believes that he does, I didn't want to be around him when he drinks anymore because he treats people badly. 

In perfect him fashion, he said he disagrees with everything I said and never wants to talk to me about it again. 

Systematically the few months after that all of my friends stopped talking to me and asking me to hang out. Now i have no friends where I live and it makes me wonder if I had just gone along with it and put up with it maybe I will still have friends. 

None of them have spoken to me at all in the past 4 months.  





























 Guardians of the Galaxy 




 This happened many many years ago when I was in 5th grade but I was reminded of it today when I got a hard on. 

I used to think when I was younger that us men got boners because it meant we had to pee and the stiffy meant the penis was full of urine. 

So one day in class during silent reading time, I had an erection and stood up and walked to my teacher and asked if I may go to the bathroom. I was standing there with my pre-pubescent dick with a pitched tent and my teacher gave me the strangest look. I didn't think anything of it, I thought this was normal and all boys walked around like this when having to drain the snake. 

I went and finished my business and my member was flaccid again so I went back in the room and everyone was still looking at me. Later at recess people kept calling me Masturbating Matt and that set the tone for the rest of elementary school and middle school for me until I went to a high school where no one knew me. 

tl;dr thought my shaft getting rigor mortis meant it was time to go to the bathroom.  









 Missing person somewhere in Texas last seen:

My friend Thomas W. has been missing for over a week. He lives in Columbus Ohio and his last known whereabouts were somewhere in Texas where he was doing a job of some sort. He does not do drugs so this is very out of his character. He is also a father and needs to be found. If you know anything at all please PM me for facebook info.

Or if you know how to check hospitals or some type of database. He's never been in trouble or anything, but has been missing and his family is concerned.

[Current Picture](http://imgur.com/AFeRkJ1) 














 I wanted to take the time to thank Reddit and people on here for coming together to help the people in Nepal this past few days. We created /r/NepalEarthquake   /r/LangtangRelief both awesome subreddits. Watching it unfold has been extremely motivating, seeing people work together tirelessly. 

We got all this info from people in Nepal, someone who is even talking to people in Langtang via SAT phone to see what they need food wise. News articles, local contact, helping one another find lost ones or missing ones with a missing/found google doc database. 

I find it fascinating   motivating how beautifully the internet can be used to resource and connect people so quickly. 

The /r/NepalEarthquake subreddit is really awesome seeing how fast people have compiled a compendium of everything so quickly- with the sole purpose of helping one another. 


It's fascinating to see the results of what happens when people work as a part of a global team.

Thanks for listening to my ramble. I just wanted to say thank you reddit. You're awesome. 

TL;DR - Motivated by Redditors working together to help Nepal Earthquake victims. 









 It's rare. 

**bagpipper-onnen (OP)**: MacFarlane has to be bangin Amanda Seyfriend, he's casting her in everything he does. 

**AckleyKid1990**: Yeah wow he's cast her in two whole movies. That's insane. If that's how it works, Leo Dicaprio and Scorcese must be married with three kids, a poodle, a couple of Prius' and a beach house in Lake Geneva by now.


**theshape26**:Yep, DiCaprio and Scorsese are together. It's a long story. Now, it's never been publicly revealed but from 1973 to 1995, Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro were an item. Unfortunately, Scorsese caught De Niro in bed with Joe Pesci and they broke up. Scorsese stopped casting De Niro   Joe Pesci's career pretty much died. 

Then in 2001, Scorsese ran into DiCaprio at a party and they started talking. They had met in 1993 when Leo was still a teen, at the premiere of This Boy's Life. They were introduced by... Robert De Niro! 

By the way, for those wondering, De Niro and Pesci broke up in 2006 and in 2011, De Niro started an affair with Bradley Cooper. They also knew each other from before when they briefly talked, at The Actor's Studio when De Niro was a guest in 1998.

 




 I'm hoping there is some existing software out there that would accept a google spreadsheet, and render them as points in a map

I'm not familiar with GIS much, wondering if anyone may be able to help?  







































 your* 



















 Fuck you Disney/Pixar. Fuck you. The first ten minutes...really? Well fuck you.  


































 Every time I've used that word/acronym with people it ends up being responses like "oh i get that when i eat taco bell, just take some tums or stop eating pizza youll be fine."
We should just called CCD or Colitis   Crohn's Disease. Please it would be a major help if you all in this community could sign my .gov petition and pass it on to people so the government may help us change it as a medical term.



http://wh.gov/iBX6z


Thank you. :)

 














 I saw a cool ranch Doritos chip laying on the ground near my dinner table, must have been dropped on the ground when I had a snack several hours earlier in the day. I ate it. It tasted like cat urine, because my cat had urinated on it. 

Surprisingly, cat urine tastes a lot like cool ranch Doritos, the aftertaste on my breath at least. My own fault. I knew my cat was looking to get back at me for giving him a bath a week ago, I just didn't know this would be his plan. The feud lives on Brian.  

TL;DR: Ate chip soaked in cat urine.  









 So I have just about finished season one of Twin Peaks. A couple things I would like to ask: 

Among fans of Twin Peaks, is there a running joke about how many times Agent Cooper drinks coffee, or how excited he is every episode when he gets an amazing cup of coffee, minus fish in the one sip he had. 

I can't tell if some of it is bad acting or if it is done purposely, there are some really hilarious lines. I really feel bad for the girl's dad, but ...damn if it wasn't hilarious watching him try to dance to those swing/big band songs that kept coming on. Should I be laughing at that? lol

I have never seen any David Lynch before, so I am new to his creations and style of directing. 

I was told to watch the movie after I am finished with season 2, is this correct? It looks like a prequel though, is it worth watching?



EDIT: Just finished Episode 8 with the cliffhanger of an ending. Wow. Season 1 was marvelous if for nothing else than that wonderful soundtrack of glory. Running theme of the first season: Almost every female relationship the female is being abused somehow. 

I knew I recognized James from somewhere, he was also in A Few Good Men.  



















 
Just watched the first episode of Twin Peaks for the first time, why is this guy (on the right) randomly doing a strange wormy jig off camera in the background? It's so random...made me laugh out loud. Is this show full of random quirks like this?

 I was originally recommended to watch this show because I love the X-Files, I recognize the music will be a bit weird because this came out 25 years ago, but it seems to be rich full of randomness that just makes me giggle and I love it. 


Here's the link http://i.imgur.com/ZxXXxOm 




 I work a Lowe's and I was chatting with a customer for about twenty minutes about paint mixtures. We had been joking back and forth, and I called her a jerk out of sarcasm/joke. It was clear it was a joke. She says I need to learn how to talk to people because saying things like that is what gets people killed....... 









 I was in my car driving home from Easter Dinner with my mum and a large white spider started crawling across my windshield. I was almost home so I pulled over and put my emergency lights on. 


After this I tried to kill him with my hands but he foiled my attempts at squashing with my clumsy hands and he landed on the passenger side dashboard. I then got a bunch of paper I had laying around in my passenger sit and rolled it up to swat him. 


For whatever reason he survived it and fell on my passenger seat then he scurried away onto the passenger side ground among all the trash I had laying there. 

The worst possible outcome happened. I lost sight of him. He disappeared. I drove home with my car lights on keeping a watchful eye on that side of the car. Then I got home..not sure if I'll ever drive that car again


EDIT: Spider dead. Went down to my car to try and retrieve my cellphone this morning and I saw him crouched against the weather stripping on the driver's side window on the inside. I rolled my window down and he started crawling out on the outside door frame. I threw water on him. He fell to the ground. I stepped on him. I can drive my car now.  









 It was on An Corp, somehow it stopped, was on UOF, now it's on UO:R almost every night...weirdly in the middle of the night which seems dumb because it's not in prime time but...wtf? I don't understand, why can't they just stop. 




 Anyone else see this movie? It has Casey Affleck and Myatt Damon in it. I made my brother watch it and it was the worst 100 minutes of his life so he tells. What do you all think?  




 I just watched Going Clear, I understand it's subjective, but this is one question I have had. 


EDIT: Would like to tag as Serious. 




 In Columbus, Ohio I have found that public toilets have been raised at least 6-10 inches, in several places. I don't know if this is nationwide but what would the rationale for it be? We're not getting any taller on average as American Men.  









 My best friend has a girlfriend who is from another country (one of the Scandinavian countries i dont want to say which dont want to give away their identity or anything).
She got a school visa to come to school here. She graduated from undergrad, then she got her graduate degree as well. She is currently working at a job, but they will not help her stay by saying they absolutely need her or whatever on her immigration forms for a visa. She has an immigration firm that is helping her with the massive application process but she is going to have to move away in 4-5 months and be deported if she does not figure out another way.


They could get married, theyve been dating for a while, but they don't want to do that because it wouldn't be "sincere." I mean they do love each other, but not ready for marriage and yet neither one wants her to go. She wants to stay, he wants her to stay.


I want to be able to help because I hate seeing him sad. I know her place of employment had to fill out a certain section of her application and they refused to which I guess was the only way she could stay?
Any advice?


EDIT: lives in the United States, South Carolina. 




 My best friend has a girlfriend who is from another country (one of the Scandinavian countries i dont want to say which dont want to give away their identity or anything). 

She got a school visa to come to school here. She graduated from undergrad, then she got her graduate degree as well. She is currently working at a job, but they will not help her stay by saying they absolutely need her or whatever on her immigration forms for a visa. She has an immigration firm that is helping her with the massive application process but she is going to have to move away in 4-5 months and be deported if she does not figure out another way. 

They could get married, theyve been dating for a while, but they don't want to do that because it wouldn't be "sincere." I mean they do love each other, but not ready for marriage and yet neither one wants her to go. She wants to stay, he wants her to stay. 

I want to be able to help because I hate seeing him sad. I know her place of employment had to fill out a certain section of her application and they refused to which I guess was the only way she could stay? 

Any advice?

EDIT:  lives in the United States, South Carolina.  




 I'm asking seriously I read the AMA but don't understand a lot of the jokes. What is the big deal with this movie? Thanks :) 




 I worked as a manager of Blockbuster Video from 2005-2010. I started as a CSR for the first year then was promoted to Shift Lead, then Ast. Store Manager. 

I'm not really sure what I would show you as proof, I don't really have anything like an old name tag or anything like that. My knowledge to your questions will have to be the proof lol.  





























 I'm a former shift lead/manager. I'll post mine in the comment section

Edit: specific walk-in experience stories 









 hopefully original enough. Who would be your allies, if any? What powers if any would you have? 2D Sonic style? Or 3D? FPS? RPG? Or maybe you're game would be Guitar Hero or Rock Band? Lay out your game in the comments! 




 http://schoolcounselingfilms.blogspot.com/

I'm in graduate school for school counseling so I had to make a blog and this is what I came up with. Still a work in progress but I like the premise. 
 




 I cried at the scene in 28 days later where Jim finds his parents dead holding a photograph of his younger self. I dunno why, it's just heartbreaking. It's not typically a movie I would cry in like in The Notebook or something.  



















 Has to be in the same exact order anytime you speak, same exact phrasing and words. Anytime someone asks you a question or talks to you, this is all you can say to them in person, phone, internet, school, everything.  



















 Why was it cancelled in 2010? I thought it was excellent.  




 I posted this as a comment on Ask Reddit on a question about what is the strangest house rule you have come across in your life. This is mine. Someone suggested I put it in /r/creepy and while I am not sure if it is up to part with some of the other posts I have seen here and I have no pictures...here is Cuddle time. 

When I was ten years old, my friend's family had something called cuddle time. When cuddle time started, my friend, his parents, his autistic brother, and his other younger brother would get into bed naked and cuddle. I'm not joking. Luckily, I didn't have to and I left the house and haven't spoken with him since. Literally I walked out the door and walked to a payphone and called my mom. Creepiest shit I ever witnessed. It irks me to this day.

I mean...the way it started out was just bizarre. Anyone ever seen Clerks 2? The way Randall looks at Elias when he tells the story of pillow pants? That's how I looked at my friend and his family when he told me it was "cuddle time" 

He started taking his clothes off in front of me, like it wasn't a big deal and it was completely normal and I should join them. In their defense, they said I didn't have to. They said it's just something they do for family unity or bonding or some shit. I dunno. I got the fuck out.  



















 Around 6PM today I ate a piece of chocolate. About five minutes later I realized I had to go poop. I went to go poop and it was one of the worst experiences I have had pooping in a long time. I was in there for two hours. 

It felt like having a double edged sword swimming around im my stomach constantly laughing at my plight. The laughing would signify the bubble/stomach groans I often felt in the middle, like my stomach was a goblet of fire. 

To make matters worse I was reading that reddit post that was on the front page a day or so ago asking the question of whether or not a fart can overtake a poop or vice versa in the intestine. I pondered this questions while pooping on my own as I would poop then bubble out some farts, then poop. 

I stood up and was exhausted to the point to where I couldn't stand. I felt 'drunk.' So I laid down. 

Five minutes later I realized I wasnt through pooping. The shear amount of force I put into each strain made me feel like I was just going to shit my colon out. I got through round two seemingly quicker, only about thirty minutes. 

I sat on my bed again. Then realized I still wasn't finished. This time it was mostly urine being forced out but yet a bubble in my stomach caused an avalanche of poop and now red blood to come out. Round three was surely the end? Nope. 

It went on like this for about eight rounds. I went and sat in my chair and watched the movie 42. After it was finished round nine started. 

I've decided not to ever eat again. Obviously, yes, I have Crohn's Disease but this is probably the worst day I've ever had. The most pain. 

I often wonder what would have happened if I didn't eat that piece of chocolate. Maybe my poops would have been spread out over time and not been as painful. I have no idea. 


TIFU by eating a piece of chocolate and then pooped for an entire day.  




 My name is Sean. Pronounced Shawn. It rhymes with Yawn. Not Seen.

 I drove to pickup my chinese food order which I ordered online from my apartment. It's been really snowy lately so it was a bit of a hassle driving there but I finally arrived. 

Hello, pick up?

yeah

name?

Sean

uhhhh, last name?

*******

internet order?

yeah, am I early or something?

oh, Seen.

what?

your name Seen

no, my name Sean

says Seen on ticket

says Sean on ticket

*takes my credit card*

sure its not Seen?

yeah pretty sure

why it spelled like that

ask my parents

(Asian woman in background saying something, probably talking shit)
*little boy laughs and stares at me*

thanks?

ok bye

bye

-end-

I took my food and went out into my car and drove home, which is only a 5-10 minute drive. I realized they forgot my chicken fried rice, so I drove back. When I got there it was very busy in the back behind the counter like lots of people there. The same kid came up to the counter and said,

 "Oh..Seen again"

"No..Sean...again, you forgot chicken fried rice in bag" 

*I handed him my receipt* 

*He looked at everyone in the back which was about 4-6 people and said "we forgot seen rice" and everyone started laughing.*

They handed me some rice and I left, somehow feeling ashamed because I was born with the spelling of my name Sean. A bunch of Chinese food employees at the China Wok made fun of me for it and had a nice laugh over it. 


TIFU by ordering chinese food...and then became insecure about my name...lol  









 For those who havent seen or read Harry potter, a boggart is an amortal shape-shifting non-being that takes on the form of the viewer's worst fear. 





































































 Thanks to /u/Qaz for the assist. Never seen a snipe for an assist before. Good counting with you /u/Bausse, I was rooting for you to get an assist or win the GET. Servers went busy around 996 it was chaos we had so many people trying to count all at once, like 5-6 people lol. 

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3a0jf0/405k_counting_thread/cs9bumc?context=3) 









 Apologies to /u/KingCaspianX   /u/Mooraell for the snipe. I know Mooraell wanted that one and honestly you deserved it. 

I will never snipe again. You guys had some amazing counts in there. 

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/39sgv7/404k_counting_thread/cs85f1b?context=3) 



















 I FUCKED UP REDDIT. I FUCKING FUCKED UP. THIS IS WHAT I GET. 

FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK. 

A spider came down on his web from my ceiling and ONTO MY FUCKING LAP PILLOW. He landed on the pillow and began crawling across it, I was frozen in place unable to fucking move by this unsettling and surprising move. 

Out of a rush of panic and delirium i used MY FUCKING HANDS to squish him into the pillow. But the pillow isn't a hard surface, there isn't enough surface friction there, I don't know if I killed him because I CANT FIND HIS GUTS OR CORPSE. 

And to make matters worse I think he is a spiderling babe, so THERES PROBABLY MILLIONS OF THEM PLOTTING REVENGE. 

I'm so fucked reddit. I gotta burn my apartment down. MY CAT IS NO FUCKING HELP. FAT CAT ASSHOLE. 

I'm gonna try and find him, but my carpet is brown and my shorts/ and recliner are both black. FUCK. I'll try and update as the situation progresses into the early morning. Not sleeping tonight. 

**UPDATE: Well reddit, I can't find anything. I can't find the spider's remains or his guts or his live body. Save yourself reddit. I'm a goner. I think maybe I will buy a hotel tonight. I'll bring my cat, as lazy and fat as he is, I don't want him to be killed. This is the end, I'm sure of it.**

Update: Still not found. Hard to sleep. Got a hotel with my cat the next two nights and set a bug bomb off in the apartment...

**TL;DR  can't find the spider i did or did not kill, may have to leave all my possessions and move...tonight**   









 Comet 









 This was a great forgotten film I feel like. It wasn't the best of movies, but it had some good acting, a solid story, and enough weirdness to say the time was well spent watching this creation. 

So here's the discussion: What other forgotten films do you think are good? (or films no well known by the general movie buff) 




 It's still the strangest movie I've ever seen.  





























 Thanks to /u/KingCaspianX for counting down the last 200 with me! 


[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/38zjo4/393k_counting_thread/cs16qdh) 







































 They were working not 20 minutes ago. When a video ended I went to start another one and VLC crashed immediately. I went to try the last video file that worked but it crashed too. I tried using my other video players but they all crash immediately.  HDC, VLC, Realplayer, itunes, they all crash when i start to play a video file- audio files they play fine. 

I do not know why it started doing that so suddenly. It happened yesterday too, but I ran a malwarebytes scan and got rid of some malware and then it started working again. However, I ran malware again and it found nothing today. So I am confused. 

I have windows 7, 64bit, 8GB Ram 

All my graphics card drivers are up to date. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the video players. Any suggestions?  














 Does anyone think that this lady probably had a bothan husband? The way she conveys the information is so sad and filled with such sorrow. 

I'm willing to bet one of the dead bothans was her lover. 

[Bothans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQeabed9N9M) 



















 I have Windows 7, 64 bit

8GB RAM

I have had VLC for a long time, it's fully updated and the newest version. I began using it a few hours ago to watch a television show .avi file and another was a .mkv file. It worked fine as it has always worked fine.
Then I decided to listen to some music. So I listened to an audio file on the VLC player. When I was finished I went back to the video file and VLC crashed. It kept crashing upon trying to open a video file. It still plays music files .mp3 but not mp4, .avi. or .mkv files. It just crashes immediately.
I tried uninstalling and reinstalling which did not work, as well as resetting all the preferences. Troubleshooted some stuff on youtube/google but couldn't find anything that was like this issue.

In addition, I tried installing older versions to no avail. I also ran a virus scan, but nothing changed.

EDIT: Fixed it. I ran Malwarebytes and it removed some malware and now VLC runs again. Weird. Keeping this thread up in case someone encounters same issues. I had originally run Avast Virus Scanner and it found nothing so I figured it was okay.  




 I have Windows 7, 64 bit 

8GB RAM

I have had VLC for a long time, it's fully updated and the newest version. I began using it a few hours ago to watch a television show .avi file and another was a .mkv file. It worked fine as it has always worked fine. 

Then I decided to listen to some music. So I listened to an audio file on the VLC player. When I was finished I went back to the video file and VLC crashed. It kept crashing upon trying to open a video file. It still plays music files .mp3 but not mp4, .avi. or .mkv files. It just crashes immediately. 

I tried uninstalling and reinstalling which did not work, as well as resetting all the preferences. Troubleshooted some stuff on youtube/google but couldn't find anything that was like this issue. 

In addition, I tried installing older versions to no avail. I also ran a virus scan, but nothing changed. 


EDIT: I ran Malwarebytes and it removed some malware and then I tried VLC again and it worked. Weird.  




 Last thread was great! Wonderful counting by everyone, especially the last 300. 

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/38ndut/389k_counting_thread/crwkl5s?context=3) 



































































































 I am seeking assistance to obtain a mural painted on work building to help liven up the surrounding community a bit. It also goes to support a local artist in Columbus, Ohio. It also helps the artist attend art school. 

[Here is the page](http://www.gofundme.com/vz6t53u) Any amount is helpful and if you are unable to donate a share on facebook or twitter is equally as valuable. Thank you so much! 
























   'I've got your permit right here!' And thus began the best movie ever filmed. Kung Fury, a short film, about a cop who becomes Kung Fury, master Kung-Fu martial artist, via lightning/cobra strike. 
He protects the city of Miami from crime with his super awesome one liners and impenetrable forces. This adventure he must hack time with the help of his friend Hackerman to rid the world of Hitler, who wants the pwoer of Kung Fury for himself. 
         
Written   directed by David Sandberg, it was originally a trailer turned into short film. Made with the help of an amazing kickstarting campaign what David Sandberg has accomplished here is nothing short of brilliance in animation   filmmaking. After my first viewing, I thought it would be better if it could be a feature length film. Then I realized, I could just watch the film three times in a row and it would fulfill that need. 

 This film has everything you could ever want from an over the top, cheesy one liner 80's flick. 

1. Laser-Raptors

2. Hitler, the villain

3. Triceracop- Half mancop/Half Triceratop

4. David Hasselhoff singing 80s style music 

5. Cheesy one-liners 

6. Arcade machines with lasers trying to kill people 

7. Thor 

8. Barbarianna   Katana, Viking Age warrior women with machine guns

9. The Nintendo Power Glove hacking time with 80s computers 'breaking' time. 

10. T-Rex Vs Golden Metal Eagle monster fight with small t-rex arms vs small eagle legs. 

11. Anime sequence with cobras as spirit animals.

12.  Amazing action sequence where Kung Fury takes on Hitler's minions. This scene is perhaps one of the greater achievements of the film. It reminded me of playing Mega Man   Sonic where the POV moves horizontally. Simply genius. 

13. Cheesy product placement. 

**14. And finally paying homage to Laser Unicorns with the beginning arcade game being laser unicorns and a laser unicorn seen in the anime sequence when Fury goes to 'heaven'.**



 Every so often a film comes along, once in a lifetime, where it makes you rethink your entire life. This is that film. The greatest film ever made.  I salute this film. And now will go watch it again. 

**Also, watch the film in 144P or the lowest setting on youtube if you can. It's better than HD. HD is good, but to get the full effect, go for the lowest setting in quality.** 













































































































 I have an HP All in one. It is old I got it in 2011. I have used it to play two games in the past: Ultima Online and Dark Age of Camelot. It's always worked fine playing UO, never any overheating problems. I've never had any problems with Dark Age of Camelot until today. I went to re-download the game and play after haven't played for about a year...

When I go to patch the game, which takes some time to patch 3 GBs... my GPU gets up to around 80 degrees and the computer shuts off so I have to wait for it to cool down. I have a fan pointed at my computer to help, but it doesn't help so much. I don't have my computer connected to a TV or anything. 

What could have changed in the past year that my computer would start overheating playing a game I've played for years on this machine? What can I do to ensure it won't overheat without having to buy anything at this juncture? 

My drivers are all up to date. I have ATI Radeon HD 5570 









 Does anyone know if they have an ETA on when they are coming back up? It's a free server.  
























 One of my favorite films growing up. It's not a particularly good film, but it is pretty awesome. It's such a different superhero type movie. 
[Anyone remember this movie?](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099365/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_1) 



















 His Aunt Arctica. 






*source: The Oatmeal*  









   I watched this movie again today. I figured it would be different than the last I watched it which was when I was 15/16. I liked it a lot then and I loved it even more now. 

  I understand the director has made really terrible films since this starting with The Village; however, Unbreakable is quite amazing. I enjoyed the acting from Samuel L Jackson. I think, besides a few other roles it may have been his best acting job. I liked the cinematography and the music. It gave each character a theme much like superhero films. For Bruce Willis, his character had cool colors always around him, greens   blues. While the supposed supervillain was immersed in purple. I liked that contrast. 

I think what I enjoyed most in the movie was this idea of understanding our place in this world. 

I liked watching it in contrast with the influx of all the comic book movies that are popular right now. This is so different from them, even more different than Nolan's Batman films. His Batman's films attempted a sense of more realism I think, but this film captures it ...differently, much more dramatic less action. 

What are some movies similar to this? I can't think of any. It's unique.  




























































































































 Why couldn't they beam Spock/Khan back to the Enterprise while they are fighting? Chekov says it is become he can't get a lock because they are moving. But..in Star Trek (2009), he beams Kirk and Sulu back on board when they are falling without a parachute. So they were moving a lot faster/worse then, why can't he simply do the same this time when all they are doing is fighting?

Also...wasn't Kirk dead too long for them to save him. I mean, he was dead for what 30 minutes? That's...I don't understand this. So..Khan's blood can effectively raise the dead? Why don't they just harvest his blood? 




 I've seen 1, 2 and 3. I enjoyed 1 actually because it was more in space n shit. I liked Wrath of Khan a lot and the search for spock was interesting to say the least but wasn't really as good as 2, but it was better than 1. 

I read the synopsis for 4..and ..humpback whales? It just seems kind of strange. So out of 4, 5, and 6 which one is seen as next best from 2? 









 I heard some stuff about insurance money 10 million dollars not to play golf ever again. But that was over a year ago. He was a solid golfer, I loved watching him play.  





























 What order should I read middle earth books in? 

I have read The Hobbit   Lord of the Rings. 

Here's what other books I have. 

Children of Hurin, Lost Tales Part 1, Lost Tales Part 2, The Silmarillion,   The Lays of Belariand  



















 **My 5 Questions:**

1. What was it like growing up with a super long tongue?
2. Did people ever pick on you for it?
3. How has the mini-fame/viral youtube stuff gone?
4. What can you do that others with smaller tongues cannot?
5. What are your career goals?

**Public Contact Information:** 

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/LongTongueLewis/with_replies)

[Time Article with her youtube page](http://time.com/3856806/adrianne-lewis-long-tongue-guinness-world-record-viral/) 
























 She would have had to turn you down. It's not ethical. We go through vigorous training in graduate school for counseling just for situations like this.  




 413,002 




 There's a leaderboard for people sniped by Maniac? 

I want a go at him. But the last time we tied on time stamp but he got there just a bit faster. The fastest I have been able to compile is 3 seconds and i think I did a normal number at 2 seconds 




 413,000 




 Thanks to /u/KingCaspianX for the assist and thanks to /u/TheNitromeFan for handing over for the last 130 or so. Very selfless counters here!!!!  Also, sorry to /u/sparklydude I know you wanted us to slow down :/

Continued from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/counting/comments/3b3sbn/412k_counting_thread/csjbcht?context=3) 




 thanks for the assist. and thanks very much to /u/TheNitromeFan for handing it over. I wouldn't have sniped if you kept for it. :) Thank God Maniac wasnt here, I was slow on that one  




 413,000
 




 412,998 




 412,996 




 412,994 




 412,992 




 412,990 




 412,988 




 412,986 




 412,984 




 412,982 




 412,980 




 412,978 




 412,976 




 412,974 




 412,972 




 412,970 




 412,968 




 412,966 




 412,964 




 412,962 




 412,960 




 412,958 




 412,956 




 412,954 




 412,952 




 412,950 




 412,948 




 412,946 




 412,944 




 412,942 




 412,940 




 412,938 




 412,936 




 412,934 




 412,932 




 412,930 




 412,928 




 412,926 




 412,924 




 412,922
 




 412,920 




 412,918 




 412,916 




 412,914 




 412,912 




 412,910 




 412,908 




 412,906 




 412,904 




 412,894 




 412,892 




 412,888 




 412,886 




 412,880 




 412,872 




 412,860 




 412,834 




 412,828 




 Thanks for posting the OG  




 Cockatoo's are a trip.  




 or dragonforce 




 412,568 




 412,566 




 412,564 




 412,562 




 412,560 




 kung fury? 




 Nobody gets trained to jam out to Queen. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold stranger!!!! 




 411,593 









 411,548 




 411,542 




 411,536 




 411,494 




 411,492 









 411,451 

great count 




 The background really hits the nail on the head.  




 411,446 









 yes. the kitty 




 yes 




 You're hopeless 




 Yes. The higher your vibe the more money you can get for free from the kitty  




 Oh. lol. I'm USA. It says Hawt. Why does it have to say Hawt. ugh. hipsters 




 Do you wanna add me? NNID spkeck805 




 Oh wow it changes to "On-fire"  




 Yeah I found it . it's nice.  




 whats that ? Can you buy it regularly or do you need to do a challenge or something?
 




 Yeah, it's possible she's never worked with special ed kids before and therefore doesn't understand not to put a student in a trash can. 

can confirm: am educator 




 I don't do good with the sniper weapons so I stay away from them. I do like the dynamo roller but its sooo slow lol 




 Yeah the aerospray is nasty. I've only lost two or three times with it in turf wars today. though in ranked, i dont do as well 




 411,038 




 Inkbrush. Yuck. Not a fan. Glad it worked for someone though!  




 I got mine to 14.0 (So Hawt) The Aerospray gun really is awesome for points.  




 Fur-Loaf 




 411,036 




 That's the thing. I didn't know what an amiibo was. I didn't know it was an actual physical toy thing you buy in a box and then scan on your gamepad. I bought this game through wii u virtual so I didn't buy the game physically or anything. So I was unaware you had to physically buy something to complete the 'extra' challenges. 

Edit: why was this down voted?  




 I want hot dog-o


Edit: Bonus points if you know what movie this is from 




 You did yell about that joke. Relevant username. 




 The final boss was hard enough I dunno how I would beat him with a roller lol 




 Wow. I didn't know Splatoon was so popular. I guess Splatoon really helped the Wii U come into prominence again lol.  




 No I just saw people in game with these awesome outfits and stuff and wanted them for myself. So I though..maybe I have to beat single player. So I beat single player and got the sweet aerospray gold weapon which upped my scores in turf war considerably about by 6-700 a round I was getting about 1100 on avg now im getting around 1600 with that thing, and then the Gold Roller

But I want that head that DJ Octavio is wearing and I read online you have to do the amiibo challenges, so I looked how to actually do the challenges but it doesnt say anywhere online. It just says there are challenges so I was confused. 

So I have to buy a physical toy and scan the box.  




 No. I do not. I was unaware you had to do that.  




 Ohhh...so you have to go a store and buy an amiibo? Does Best Buy have them?  




 No I am not joking.  I don't know what you mean by lack of stock joke . I didnt' know you had to actually go out somewhere and buy it in real life.  




 I defeated Hero Mode (single player) on Splatoon for the first time, all 27 levels and the main boss. Now I want to get that samurai hat and I know you get it from one of the challenges, but how do I 'buy' the amiibo inklings to do the challenges? Where do I go?  




 You're fired bud. I'm sorry.  




 The Undertaker isn't random if you see that #2 is "List of WWE Wrestler's"  




 410,058 




 410,056

US women beat Colombia 2-0. Horrid offense from US though.  




 410,041 

and i sniped a palindrome :) But yeah he jumped in there towards the middle of 950  




 410,039 

yah quality counting. 410,000 and 409,098 were some of the better counts I've seen.  




 nice man! congrats!  




 409,914

servers busssyyy. its all yours nobreadtsicks 




 409,904

sniping palindrome!!!! 




 /r/riskyclicks 




 409,600 




 409,592 




 409,590 




 ' 




 409,211

im gonna go and eat dinner. nice counting with you again.  














 I lost 15 straight at one point. It was just pathetic. I tried everything, but my teammates kept going over to their side to try to kill them when they respawned....which wasn't working so it left me and one other teammate to try and get the splatzone which doesnt work when its 3 on 2 or 3 on 1. 

If you're the type of player that goes over to the enemy side during splatzone please stop. Every time you do we end up losing to the Japanese players and their god damn sniping machines.  




 I feel like this would be harder to produce than regular voice acting.  




 I need some friends. My name is is spkeck805 NNID. And my nickname is "American" ....lol because I play with Japanese all the time I figured I'd let them know I'm not Japanese. haha. 

Will some people add me?  




 Is there a way to be on your friend's team instead of it randomly placing you against your friend or on their team?  
























 414,747 




 414,745


Bucky 




 414,743 

Bucky 




 414,741

Bucky 




 414,739 




 414,737 




 414,735 




 414,733 




 414,731 




 414,729 




 414,727 




 414,725 




 414,723 




 414,721 




 414,719 

Bucky 




 414,717

Bucky 




 414,715 




 Well the problem is I don't have this issue with ZombiU or any other game on Wii U 




 It just seems kind of crappy that we lost team points in ranked when someone DCs. You can't win a 3v4, I've never seen it. It's very rare. 

It's about 4 out of 10 games this happens.

It's only with Splatoon I have this issue.  




 414,706 

Even from your picture I don't see it. I'm not sure what you're referring to Maniac. 
 




 414,693

My username is Bucky if that's what you're referring to but I have never said Bucky after a count.  




 414,689 

Bucky....


What do you mean? No one types Bucky after counts 




 414,653 




 414,651 




 414,649 




 414,642 




 No it's all about the girth 




 414,638 




 414,635

Maybe 




 414,632

Splatoon 




 OP pls answer. plsss 




 414,627

Bucky 




 414,625

Bucky 




 I've noticed you just bounce off them if you try to roll on top of them, so I don't use the weapon anymore. It's fast, but not a good weapon.  




 414,623

Bucky......................... 




 414,621

Bucky 




 414,619

Bucky..... 




 Does anyone have constant problem with connection? My connection is fine, it works great and I never have any problems but about 35-40% of my matches someone always has a disconnect problem and it starts us with 3 people so it's 3v4 and then we lose terribly. Or it happens to the other team, same thing with ranked games. 

Wondering if anyone else has problems in games like this. 

Do you think they will at some point fix it so when someone disconnects your team won't be penalized?  




 414,617

Bucky..... 




 414,615

Bucky.... 




 You spelled acquired wrong.  




 414,522

I did.  




 414,519 

Bucky.... 




 414,517 

Bucky.... 




 414,477 




 414,469 




 414,467

Bucky.... 









 414,462 




 414,460 




 414,457 

bucky.... 




 414,448 




 This is why you need official anal beads. They have a string.  




 there is no dom/sub in our relationship we are vers 




  It clearly means that they are intolerant to "ANY" opinion that is different then their own.

No it doesn't.  




 That's certainly one way to interpret that definition.  




 It doesn't have to be all. They do fit the description. Those are actions, things that are intolerant. You can disagree and that's fine for you to have that opinion, but I do not agree with it. 

I never said someone that is racist is intolerant to all different opinions.  




 no. you can unlock everything in a week basically. Even the stuff on single player  "hero mode." 

It's a great game except there's only two types of games to play. Splat zone- ranked or turf war. That's it. You can't do turf war on ranked, and you can only play with friends on regular games and you may not be on their team because it is randomized. 

They have a wide variety of weapons and armor/clothing to wear, but only 8-9 maps and you can only play 2 every 4-8 hours until they change them. Every time you open the game the splat sisters talk and you have to scroll through their repetitive talking every time they change courses, which is fine a couple days- then it gets annoying and you can't skip it. 

The upsides are that it is seemingly a fun game. However, they are 4v4 matches so if someone loses internet and it's 3 v 4 you will assuredly get your butt kicked.  




 Nope. But I find this satire poking fun at the week's events to be amusing.  




 it's a joke. stop trying to analyze it.  




 ....k but they have no soul 




 I usually only call someone a bigot when they refer to black people as dirty n-word, say gay marriage is the same as pedophilia, or says "President N-Word" - This is what I imagine is a bigot.  




 Nah 




 im all rainbow like 




 414,196

bucky 




 414,169

bucky 




 414,098 

bucky... 




 414,071

Bucky.... 




 414,069 




 Do you guys have trolls in Finland? Like, do you have a Troll Hunter there?  




 my best friend is a lesbian and I emailed her only to get an "away" auto response "fucking"  




 LGBT.  




 Nope i wont click that.  




 i concur.  




 Starfleet does. 




 Oh dude. I'm a counselor. I can help you get empathy.  




 Hesher was the shit. Fuck that was a great movie. So was Manic. Don Cheadle was great in that movie too  




 413,595

Bucky.... 




 413,593

Bucky......... 




 413,591

Bucky.... 




 413,582 




 413,579 




 413,577 




 413,575 




 413,573

Bucky.... 




 I can't speak for someone I do not know. Mirroring your behavior is a common counseling technique though, such as what you say, we call it re-framing or summarizing. Might be different than what you are describing. 

I can't speak for a counselor who I do not know but if you felt like she was coming on to you, then I am sorry. That should not happen in our profession. It's in our ethical codes and standards that we not have dual relationships like that. It's harmful to the client. And most importantly our job is to advocate for our client. So I can see how that experience may have not helped you any. Not all counselors are like that, if she was indeed doing that, again I can't speak for a situation I had no part in. 

I can't speak to her mannerisms or the way she counsels, maybe that's just the things she does? With her hair, lip licking, mirroring, necklace touching...I really don't know. 

It's not unheard of for a counselor to check up on a client once they have terminated their sessions. She could have generally been concerned, again I do not know. 

I always tell clients that they can tell me anything, so if they had an attraction to me and told me. I would thank them for telling me, I would go over the part in the ethical standards with them and then I would refer them to another counselor. At that point, the relationship would have been damaged. It really depends how severe it was. But it would make the relationship a bit awkward. It's not a rejection so much as doing the right thing for them. There are some situations where an attraction cannot be avoided like for a school counselor if they have a student who is attracted to them. They can't refer them to someone else. So it has to be maintained appropriately. But those are younger kids who are malleable and easier to work with I think. 

Likewise, I also see a therapist and if I were attracted to her, I couldn't see her.  




 413,561 




 if it brings out it's fabulous it's because it is interested in you. This is fact.  




 413,528 




 413,526

Meow  




 413,524 




 413,522

im gonna go get amped up for women's soccer.see everyone later 




 413,520 

why not? You're making wonderful counts man.  




 413,518

Quality count right there. a 517!!! WOW! 




 413,516

Yours. 




 413,514

your counting technique is unparalleled  




 413,512 




 413,510

WOW WHAT A COUNT!!!! 




 413,507 




 413,505 




 413,503

great count!!!! 




 413,501

what? 




 413,499 




 413,497

yes? 




 413,495 

yes?
 




 413,493 




 413,491 




 413,489 




 413,487 




 413,485 




 413,483 




 413,481 




 413,479 




 check it 




 Well. that's true.  




 413,464 

check it. last 3.  




 413,459 




 413,454

Gay Marriage wooooo 




 402, he got me too.  




 What grad program did you go to?  




 It's the first rule they tell you. "Don't have sex with your clients/students"  









 Makes sense. Capitalize on a viral video's popularity.  




 413,012 




 BFGL 

break time. have a great day counters! 




 BFGJ 




 BFGH 




 BFGF

Big Friendly Giant...Fucker (excuse my language)  




 413,010 




 Hello and thanks for this AMA!! Why is there such criticism with GMOs and what if any of the current criticisms do you find to be valid concerns?  




 Nipple.  




 413,006 

Bullshit to your modesty! 414K is yours! :) 




 Trienta y ocho 




 413,004 

The plan is to have one GET per 10Ks. I shall never pass you Nitrome! Next one is on you!  
























