 Then dumb laws should be thrown out. Florida it is illegal to wear a mumu. I know other states have dumb laws that haven't been removed but are not enforced. This is obviously an attack on the Obama administration and political theater. Yes we should enforce laws but cherry picking just marijuana because it is the "hot" topic in the news is a little....... #icouldbewrong #whatdoiknow 




 So they block a bill that would help veterans because they want to stir up some shit that could potentially send kids to war again. Hmmmmmm...

Not enough blood? 




 Went to Iraq in 03 and 04. now that the dust has settled, a day doesn't go by that I realize how they used me for something other than what I thought I was fighting for. I was young and naive, I hope the guys out there are at least better informed.  









 I took a mysticism class in college and my professor made us read the Tao of Pooh. Simple read. I concluded that life really is that easy and our perception of life is one of the most (if not the most) important things. Also as a bonus, we are here to learn and have fun.  





























 You have to wait until your teammate passes it to you. As soon as his foot touches the ball, that where your relative position on the field counts. In this case, it should be behind the last defender. If you look at the video on YouTube you can see he was good to go and used his speed and perfect timing to catch up to the ball 




 Then what is conscious of our consciousness? Kind of like a torch in a dark room. (Torch is awareness) when you shine your light at an on object in a dark room (say a chair), you then have perception of an object. But what is aware of the torch (awareness/consciousness/brain)? 




 But you can break them if you feel they are unjust. Not saying it's correct or incorrect. It just is. Slavery, inequality, etc. Not at the same level but same concept.  




 Take all the legal advice everyone is recommending. A lawyer is a must here. From a father's POV, if that IS your kid, then man up quick and take responsibility. The kid is going to NEED a father in their life who is there for them REGARDLESS of what adult problems happened along the way. It's going to be ok man. Whatever happens, have integrity, take responsibility, and keep your chin up. Judging from what you have already posted, you seem to head strong.  


































 Now brasil has to deal with not only the fact that they were humiliated, but FIFA made away with millions of their tax dollars. Smh 




 Male Nurse here. Stay away from drama. You can't change others,  just yourself. On the floor (medsurg) I remind myself why I'm here and focus on that. After a while, people start noticing your actions and stop complaining around you because they realize they sound like a whiny teen that didn't get their way. Sometimes I like to amuse myself and play devil's advocate for a situation that didn't go their way so they can put their ego to the side for a second.  




 At the rate parents take pics of their kids and post on Fb. Then in their teens with selfies and such. Then when they're older the whole process repeats itself when they have kids. Not to mention they will be old and tech savvy. 
 
























 Good luck! 




 That sucks. I just time it right and go when I'm hungry. Usually after all meds are given and no one is in pain 




 My floor has a give your phone to someone else or stfu and don't complain about getting lunch interrupted policy. Your option.  




 "Sorry it was accident... But since you're here can you please ________" (everyone fill in the blank) 




 Lmao 
























