 is that rule just for this subreddit? 




 true, but when I saw Elysium, I read it as the Third World under socialism versus the Capitalist West. 




 I am new 




 as long as they write it down, something happens that is different in learning. 




 I always thought the M Ms story about David Lee Roth was an urban legend. 




 The global tea crop was requisitioned in world war 2 so that British troops deployed in the field could drink the purified water with tea.

1940s purified water is not nice to taste, I am told.

The Americans used coffee for the same purpose. 




 a greatly under-played but key part of the Glorious Revolution was the Mutiny Act of 1689.

This Act was passed in 1689 in response to the mutiny of a large portion of the army which stayed loyal to James II.

The 1689 Bill of Rights also prohibited a standing army in peacetime without the consent of Parliament.

A new Mutiny Act was passed each year until 1879.

HT to the Wiki.

 




 The crown had its own revenues too. The navy could fund itself through prize money from captured ships. 

Doug allen wrote on this.

There was a traditional crown revenue called ship money.

The crown needed money from parliament to fund a standing army. 




 Japan was against Germany in world war 1.

the Japanese-Russian non-aggression pact did not help Germany either.

a complicated relationship indeed between the Nazis and Japan.

why Hitler declared war on america has not been well-explained. 




 I should add that making the mutiny act expire annually was one of the ways parliament forced the crown to call annual sessions of parliament. 




 I agree. more of an accident.

the navy was created under the royal prerogative

a standing army was tightly controlled because of its importance to power struggles in the middle ages 




 Much of my  comment karma is from this subreddit.

Occurs when people discuss the links rather than each other 




 There is even contempt of parliament issues.

There seems to be something personal in that rule.

The sale of offices act 1808 may apply that made it illegal to sell seats in parliament. 




 Welcome back. Since your trolling started, link and comment karma have doubled.

Keep it up. I need the karma. 




 Reading website for first time. 

Two interesting papers by academic I have never heard of before 




 That part of the post was evidence free 




 An orgy of impraticalities is the latest from the rock-star economist 




 So true. One of the bigger fallacies out there 




 in developing countries that are growing, GDP growth rates greatly understates the improvements in standards of living. 




 His wealth tax is rather high too and would tax the middle class 




 thanks, a lot of the links are to otherwise gated law journals. 




 How can slower economics growth increase inequality and put labour in a weaker position to get wage raises, as you say, but faster economic growth does not reduce inequality? 




 True, but 309000 is a cheap investment too 




 So slower economic growth would not harm inequality 




 True, but a small fine complies with the treaty  




 Faster economic growth 




 Value of a life is $5m, if memory serves 




 Old age pension in nz has no income or asset test 




 Thanks.  




 I puzzle over how synthetic dope can be banned becuase the
 Chemical formula can change at will 




 Germany has a current account surplus 




 Fama's views did learn with his research and incorporated it into his investment company. smart man and very rich as are his top students.

 I'm a big fan of Fama's work on anomalies. They certainly have played a role in the development and establishment of neoclassical ideas about financial econ. I was nearly involved in quite similar research on bond markets. 

**BUT**

With that said, his ideas are in competition with other ideas about movements of asset values, which are also considered "mainstream" these days. 

Behavioral econ, for instance, which discards the idea of "homo-economicus".

 




 The world has many of these honest mistakes. People are human 




 It is actually a book on economics with warmed over Marxism at the end. 




 Moderators previously complained about altering original titles. Didn't know capitals was an issue. I now know. 




 Yes, family histories do get mixed up. 




 Barro made his reputation in the 1970s and 1980s when nobody had ever heard of austrian economics including him. 

Barro is the new classical macroeconomist 




 The holidays act prohibits work on a public holiday unless the employment agreement provides for that and time and a half is paid 




 Barro is not an Austrian economist. Any proof he is? 




 Obamacare was upheld under the taxation power, as I recall.

many early federal laws used the power to tax.

federal law regulated machine guns in about 1914 with a $200 tax and the only office where you could pay the tax was in washington. 




 Many forget that important distinction
 




 Yes, both a minister and a deputy leader contestant. 




 Stay in the commons for 50 years and most warm to you.

He was also charming on TV. 

Most of all, he was motivated by wanting to do good. You may disagree how, but he was honest and well meaning. 




 Did not say the problem was solved. At least people own up to the risk 




 Preferrd Pm moves around to much to support that. About half of voters are swinging voters 




 Read this tomorrow, thanks 




 Is rude not to mention goldin's breakthrough result.  




 Leaner is keen on robustness. Hendry has the LSE methodology in pcgive 




 How did Nats win government without talking votes from Labour. How did its vote increase 




 yes, plenty of jobs are time sensitive. 

Goldin spent a great deal of time documenting that fact across 400+ occupations to identify the most and least family friendly occupations.

not sure if that was in the article? 




 Cowen gave a fair review and took his time to read the book. 




 yes, he did leave with too much of a bang.

the Nats have pushed 14 MPs out to pasture. their media management of this was excellent.

of course, the Nats do not have the smell of a sinking ship. 




 population growth by and large is pro-growth under endogenous growth theory. more people creates larger and more markets, more people to invent things for, and more inventors etc. 




 if you apply for New Zealand Superannuation the minimum time you must have spent resident and present in New Zealand to qualify is ten years, five of which when you are aged 50 years or over.

any overseas government pension is deducted from NZ super $1:$1

 




 I agree on that. he was a little too inconsistent. lacked the killer instinct and all consuming drive that is needed. 




 Ed leamer and David hendry led the charge against data mining 




 I agree that the answer is no 




 
Very interesting thanks for the information. Not much chance of change in this area of law 




 not much chance of a change given that the matter is a conscience vote. 




 thanks for looking up the debate. I was sure it was a conscience vote, and mostly a matter for private members bills too. The bill lost 49-70. 




 yes, choice of schooling is key. Goldin has written much on this 




 Great graph, thanks 




 The shop trading hours repeal act maybe a conscience vote in parliament, the holidays act is not 




 The shop trading laws are part neither of employment agreements or employment law 




 Removing shop trading restrictions does not affect the statutory holiday 




 Forgot, sorry.  




 The holidays act is different to the shop trading hours repeal act  




 so Labour can win by 'going left young man, go left'? 




 The moderators do not like the original title to change 




 This is one of the great papers in economics. And so well written 




 Very true. De long wrote an essay in jep to this effect in 1997
 




 Thanks 




 link did not work. sounded interesting. 




 what is his fall-back option if a global wealth tax is not adopted? 




 he is not a citizen, so he cannot be elected to parliament. 

being an MP is not immunity from extradition. 




 they do seem to have given up apart from the leader. the rest his team do have a low profile. 




 you have been at Reddit for 1 hour. 




 They were rather good last time, and they are kept honest by the prediction markets. 




 burglary is one of those crimes were the penalty each time you are sentenced for one offence and multiple offences is not much different

that screws up marginal deterrence. 




 A few Kiwis Facebooked from Everest to say they were alive and well. 

This disaster story is front-page news in NZ. 




 tuneznz, why so much link karma? 




 Democrats are given a 51% chance 




 Why so much link karma?  




 Look at the 5 dollar note. NZ adventure travel company employed two of those that died. 




 I think the largest number of offences was 358 




 rather rarely actually even for a crim with 88 similar convictions 




 The intention is to put career criminals out of business 




 "the man is arguing that concentration of the world's wealth into the hands of a small couple of people is a bad idea from an economic perspective."

No he is not. Krugman is moralising about distributive justice.

John Rawls is often put forward as the starting point for political philosophy of political progressives. Rawls was interested in the implications of different social institutions for his conception of justice as fairness.

Rawls pointed out that behind the veil of ignorance, people will agree to inequality as long as it is to everyones advantage. Rawls was awake to the power of incentives.

Rawls lent qualified support to the idea of a flat-rate consumption tax (see A Theory of Justice pp. 278-79). He said a proportional expenditure tax may be part of the best scheme and adding that such a tax can contain all the usual exemptions. 

The reason why Rawls lent qualified support to the idea of a flat-rate consumption tax was these taxes what people take out of the common store of goods rather than what he or she contributes.

Incomes tax must be opposed on social justice grounds, but not progressive consumption taxes. 

Given that the super-rich top 0.1% do not spend much of their incomes, they are grossly over-taxed relative to what they take out of the common store of goods.!

He preferred progressive consumption taxes, according to Rawls, it imposes a levy according to how much a person takes out of the common store of goods and not according to how much he contributes. 

A simple way to have a progressive consumption tax is to exempt all savings from taxation. A taxable consumption is calculated as income minus savings minus a large standard deduction.

With his emphasis on fair distribution through state initiatives, Rawlss initial appeal is mainly to the left, but left-wing thinkers also found his acceptance of capitalism reactionary and his tolerance of social discrepancies unpalatable. 




 Alchian (1969) lists three ways to adjust to unanticipated demand fluctuations:
	output adjustments;
	wage and price adjustments; and
	Inventories and queues (including reservations).

Alchian (1969) suggests that there is no reason for wage and price changes to be used regardless of the relative cost of these other options:
	The cost of output adjustment stems from the fact that marginal costs rise with output;
	The cost of price adjustment arises because uncertain prices and wages induce costly search by buyers and sellers seeking the best offer; and
	The third method of adjustment has holding and queuing costs.

There is a tendency for unpredicted price and wage changes to induce costly additional search. Long-term contracts including implicit contracts arise to share risks and curb opportunism over sunken investments in relationship-specific capital.

These factors lead to queues, unemployment, spare capacity, layoffs, shortages, inventories and non-price rationing in conjunction with wage stability.

Alchian and Woodwards 1987 Reflections on a theory of the firm says:

 the notion of a quickly equilibrating market price is baffling save in a very few markets.

Imagine an employer and an employee. Will they renegotiate price every hour, or with every perceived change in circumstances? If the employee is a waiter in a restaurant, would the waiters wage be renegotiated with every new customer? Would it be renegotiated to zero when no customers are present, and then back to a high level that would extract the entire customer value when a queue appears?

 But what is the right interval for renegotiation or change in price? The usual answer as soon as demand or supply changes is uninformative.

Alchian and Woodward then go on to a long discussion of the role of protecting composite quasi-rents from dependent resources as the decider of the timing of wage and price revisions.

Alchian and Woodward explain unemployment as a side-effect of the purpose of wage and price rigidity, which is the prevention of hold-ups over dependent assets.

They note that unemployment cannot be understood until an adequate theory of the firm explains the type of contracts the members of a firm make with one another.

Benjamin Kleins theory of rigid wages in American Economic Review in 1984 is one of the few that explored rigid wages as an industrial organisation issue. Klein treated rigid wages as a response to opportunism and hold-up problems over specialised assets and are forms of exclusive dealership or take-or-pay contracts. 




 Do you not know what happens when fewer imports result in a trade surplus? 




 Thanks again from my htc 




 Excessive relative to what? The fable of perfect competition.  




 People who describe others as neoliberals are themselves ideologues.

They cannot see political differences as other than ideological. 

This is rather than a difference of opinion over the effectiveness of different options to achive a common end. 




 Thanks 




 Google armen alchian and sticky wages 




 Posting error. Thanks. 
 




 No. A new book in the austrian economics tradition on an unusual topic that might interest people 




 What happens to the exchange rate after a tarrif is imposed? 




 Who gains from tarrifs?  




 So Everyone to your right is neoliberal? 




 Libertarians such as rothbard opposed nafta 




 No. 




 Check the surveys. Most economists are democrats 




 Surfing the net for my job and for private purposes.  




 White wrote a paper on the actual influence of hayek on policy.  




 What where his politics while in exile?  




 The elephant's tusk is a big tooth with nerves 




 Your first line introduces many qualifactions that are ignored in policy debates 




 Why not just increase the family tax credit 




 Yes, odd timing indeed 




 Thanks 




 How do you find the time? 




 How many comments have you posted today? 




 Sargent along with most economists are democrats,  so they are not neoliberals 




 The original link started by saying sargent is a lifelong democrat 




 Among OECD countries, the United States is the main performer with 42% of the total OECD R D in 2009, followed by Japan (15%) and Germany (9%).

 




 And sweden haved its company taxes prior to this boom 




 The usa is the global technological leader 




 Hayek was refused a job at the Chicago economics department in  the 1940s.  




 The labor vote is at a record low. That is worthy of reflecting upon 




 The labor vote is at a record low. That is worthy of reflecting upon 




 So you would be better off not knowing of the friedman site? 




 Thanks, I have seen a few studies by michelle arthur on share prices and winning good employer awards and better HR policies. 
 




 Do you have links to the event studies?  Interested to see what theory is tested.  




 I originally did that but reposted because I wanted to use a title that would increase the number of google hits of this obscure site.  




 I should add that at http://econfaculty.gmu.edu/klein/you will find a series of papers by Dan Klein documenting the left-wing bias of economists. Includes a nice study cross-tabulating with voter registrations.

the evidence of the left-wing or centre-left bias of economists has been around in surveys data for 30+ years. 




 Friedman has been a long time critic of the current banking arrangements. his criticism state back to 1959

About 10 years ago friedman predicted that the euro would not last past its first recession 




 thanks, This web page has been around for about 2-years, but it is hard to find in Google search even when you know it is out there. 




 Sargent is a life-long democrat. Most economists are democrats. 




 Thanks, I could not find that 




 good point on personal letters. do many people still send xmas cards? 




 could not get the original to load through reddit but I could when linked through the place where I found it 




 when pubs closed at 6, there was the 6 o'lock swill see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six_o'clock_swill 




 yes! Schmitz's father piloted the luxury cruise liner MS Deutschland.His mother was a chef. 

He attended a posh boarding school, the Staatliche Internat Schloss Pln, and got his first computer when he was nine. 

Mana members could have checked these details on their iphones while he was speaking!! 




 people will spend thousands to prolong the lives of elderly cats 




 Good points. But free settlers were mostly after 1815 




 One alone is worth 20000 




 thanks form looking that up, but does that give them any more market power in their export markets?

 




 the police do not normally carry guns where I live. 

economics explains why. there is no arms race.

Tom Schelling and others at rand in 50s and 60s developed the economics of the arms race. he won a prize for his work. 




 kiwi men and their sheds 




 A lot of people deny that there is a peltzman effdct 




 I used to agree until I read the analysis at the little known but very good blog. 




 what market power do the chaebol have over their exports?

 




 are these  chaebo exporters. what is their market power in their export markets?
 




 most of the literature on media bias find that it is a lot less biased than people think. read the literature survey in the link to the main article. 




 yes, the soccer mums do rule at the ballot box. they are still just that slightly left of center. 




  "anarcho-capitalist" crazies like Mises

Mises was not an anarcho-capitalist. do you have any proof that he was? 




 Plenty of governments that intervened heavily. Why is special about Korea and its development takeoff. 




 I expected a slight left wing bias because the most marginal readers are female, and women vote left more frequently. Media cater to thesd most marginal readers in their slant. 




 Is that figure how may buy or how many read newspapers? Many read papers for free.  




 The study was published before those elections. 




 For links discussing the quality of the analysis of Leigh and Gans, see http://offsettingbehaviour.blogspot.co.nz/2009/09 




 I agree. see Steven Kaplan and Joshua Rauhs Its the Market: The Broad-Based Rise in the Return to Top Talent Journal of Economic Perspectives 2013 who found that:
 Rising inequality is due to technical changes that allow highly talented individuals or superstars to manage or perform on a much larger scale.

 These superstars can now apply their talents to greater pools of resources and reach larger numbers of people and markets at home and abroad. They thus became more productive, and higher paid.

 Those in the Forbes 400 richest are less likely to have inherited their wealth or grown-up wealthy.
 Todays rich are working rich who accessed education while young and then applied their natural talents and acquired skills to the most scalable industries such as ICT, finance, entertainment, sport and mass retailing.

 The U.S. evidence on income and wealth shares for the top 1% is most consistent with a superstar explanation. This U.S. evidence is less consistent with the gains in earnings of the top 1 percent coming from greater managerial power over the determination of their own pay in the corporate world or changes in social norms about what managers could earn.

Todays super-rich are highly productive because they produce new and better products and services that people want and are willing to pay for.

These rewards for entrepreneurship and hard work guide people of different talents and skills into the occupations and industries where their talents produce the most. The efficient allocation of talent and income maximising occupational choices were important to Rawls framework.
 




 It is called linguistic distance http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linguistic_distance
 




  People who commit murder typically do not think of the consequences in that way (or don't care).

if so, does that not mean you do not have to worry about marginal deterrence and can increase prison terms? see http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Hanged_for_a_Sheep/Hanged_for_a_sheep.html
the intuition that we should keep the punishment for the less serious crime down so as not to tempt offenders to switch to more serious crimes such as to eliminate witnesses etc. 


 




 I do agree that the Wire has to be watched from start to finish or not at all. 




 Thanks, see "Prison Conditions, Capital Punishment, and Deterrence."American Law and Economics Review, 2003, 5(2), pp. 318-43. (with Katz, Lawrence and Shustorovich, Ellen) 




 wasn't a move made along those lines recently 




 the UK got lots of loans under the Marshall plan too. that did not seem to help them. wartime food rationing ended in 1954 




 Most economists are moderste democrats. See danial klein's work 




 dead stars are more valuable because they will be no more scandals 




 is automation and technology new things to the 21st century? was the entire industrial revolution about technological progress? 




 they would have to take their place in the queue after the ISI. 

everyone plays every side over there in case you need to be friends again in 10-years time. 




 5 lines is the browsing time of the average user of the net 




 What is a non-voluntary market exchange?  




 The market is based on voluntary exchange 




 hard to believe than general motors was once one of the best managed and most successful firms in the world! 




 Robert Nozick pointed out that few people actually joined a communist society. Six per cent is the maximum proportion of any population who voluntarily chose to live in socialist communities such as the kibbutzim . 
More recently, 2.6% of the Israeli population live on a kibbutz. About 40% are still run on communist principles. 




 These injuries  were not from market transactions 




 Australia and new zealand got out of the great depression by 1935 after massive fiscal contractions. 




 thanks, but I am amazed at the belief on the Left about the influence of the Austrian school and libertarianism on public policy. 

Successful movements are large and their leading lights attract many followers:
-	Until the 1990s, the Austrian school  all of them - would not have to book ahead for a table at a restaurant!
-	After 2000, the Austrian school can still all fit into one room and most would still know each other from the same one or two graduate schools. Most would be recent graduates of George Mason University.

what about pension fund socialism? 




 Didn't nozick go through this long ago? 




 Living standards double every generation or so. 




 Thatcher and Reagan saved the welfare state 




 thanks for the reply, the rate of return on the portfolio of state owned enterprises in New Zealand is still below the long-term bond rate. that rate of return was zero in 1984 when reforms started. 




 Klein extended his study to 11 california universities. Thanks for comment 




 Why are governments so poor at privatisations? 




   A Separation

thanks, I will add it to the blog post 




 thanks 




 posting error: link did not kink 




 thanks, fixed them. 




 I agree. free public school is a oow bar to opass. 

free public schools are available in pre-1997 Hong Kong, which is Milton Friedman's utopia 




 how does pension fund socialism fit into this definition? 




 Illiteracy was solved 100 years ago when the size of government was small as were taxes - Hong Kong size?

 




 how does pension fund socialism fit into this definition? 




 thanks. I updated the figures and the new data makes my points look better.  




 are you pleased that there was a GFC? 




 Robert Fogel had an interesting life that contrasts with that of John Rawls 




 fficient taxes, Gary Becker, growth of government, James M. Buchanan, tax reform 




 The studies starting from Peltzman in 1980 showed that government grew in line with the growth in the size and homogeneity of the middle class that was organised and politically articulate enough to implementing a version of Directors law 




 Rowling got a BA in French and Classics at the University of Exeter.

the point of the example is people can become very rich through voluntary trade. 




 larger firms pay 30% to 50% more to their workers than do smaller firms. 
Google the large firm wage premium. 




 There is an update correcting the names of payment due to wife on divorce or death which is in addition to the bride price. 




 many professional partnerships are labour managed firms. ditto the self-employed 




 the top tax rate in the UK is rather low by global standards 




  efficient markets hypothesis, Eugene Fama, Kerry Packer, luck versus skill, Rupert Murdoch, Warren Buffett 
























 Is hard to have warring ideological camps when articles about the ideology of the economics profession have titles such as "is there a Republican in the house" 




 Yes.  




 Rothbard had same criticism of Reagan as a big spender 




 Yes. That is a dirty little secret that is not a secret. People just deny that truth. 




 Occupational choice, compensating differentials?  




 If that is so, why is the taxpayers' union denouncing corporate welfare and the current bailout to sky city? 




 Don't know. I live on the other side of the world 




 see also Taxation and Market Work: Is Scandinavia an Outlier?
Richard Rogerson at http://www.nber.org/papers/w12890

Abstract: 

This paper argues that it is essential to explicitly consider how the government spends tax revenues when assessing the effects of tax rates on aggregate hours of market work. 

Different forms of government spending imply different elasticities of hours of work with regard to tax rates. 

I illustrate the empirical importance of this point by addressing the issue of hours worked and tax rates in three sets of economies: the US, Continental Europe and Scandinavia. 

While tax rates are highest in Scandinavia, hours worked in Scandinavia are significantly higher than they are in Continental Europe. 

I argue that differences in the form of government spending can potentially account for this pattern. 




 I travelled on a spur are on the Bullet train in 1997.

This train line weaved its way through the Japanese mountains and rarely hit any sort of speed.

When I asked my Prof of land transport at the train station when we are heading back from our field trip  at an isolated rural train station waiting for the Bullet train, why was the Bullet train to such a remote place, he said that the Sec general of the Liberal Democratic party always wanted the Bullet train to come to his home district. 




 Public choice 




 There appears to be a crossing-over of the working class.

More and more of the working class vote is for the right-wing parties. 

More and more of the support of the left-wing, higher tax parties, including the green parties are from high income earners.
 




 The economic theme would be bootleggers and Baptists as per Bruce Yandle 




 Does that include wars between Communist states: Vietnam and China; and China and Russia. 




 But is the handbook series free to download? 




 see also http://www.becker-posner-blog.com/2006/01/should-the-purchase-and-sale-of-organs-for-transplant-surgery-be-permitted-becker.html  




 Abstract:
To generate big responses of unemployment to productivity shocks in a business cycle context or to productivity changes in a welfare state context, researchers have reconfigured matching models in various ways, e.g., by elevating the utility of leisure, by making wages sticky, by assuming alternating-offer wage bargaining, by introducing fixed matching costs, by modelling costly acquisition of credit, or by positing government mandated unemployment benefits, layoff costs, and taxes. 

All of these redesigned matching models increase responses of unemployment to movements in productivity through a common intermediating channel that we call the fundamental surplus fraction.


The fundamental surplus fraction is an upper bound on the fraction of a jobs output that the invisible hand can allocate to vacancy creation. All such models generate larger unemployment responses to movements in productivity by making the fundamental surplus fraction smaller.
 




 The writer has never heard of the median voter theorem.  




 After admitting the Left is in the dog house,  his solution is to go hard Left. A fantasy that lots of voters are parking their votes with the Tory party pending the arrival of a Hard Left party such as micheal foot 




 Yes, rat race jobs where a huge prize goes to those who work 7 days a week. 




 Its a satire 




 Friedman also advised the communist chinese too as their official guest. Does that make him a double secret communist by association? 




 Tullock was a little bit hard done by when James Buchanan got his Nobel prize in 1986.

The preface of the calculus of consent explicitly identifies which chapters were mostly written by James Buchanan, which were written by Gordon Tullock. 

They were divided up roughly equally with a few joint chapters and yet Buchanan won the Nobel Prize principally for writing that book 

Nobel Prize committees have a bit of a history of missing out co-authors. 




 paper is behind pay walls. 

I can't check the extent to which anonymity was used in the lab tests. 

Did the prisoners know they were interacting with other prisoners from the same prison they have to meet later on the prison you are? If so, results are invalid  




 Excellent point. Also, if you snitch in the lab game, you face the aggrieved party in the prison yard same afternoon. 




 The socialists are making the exact comments any small business would make because both face hard budget constraints 




 Left wing and activist groups also have many interns. They are not paid at all. The IT guy does not know how lucky he is. 




 Yes, why does the inexperience of the IT worker lessen his right to a living wage in the eyes of the socialist party. 




 I thought it was rather blunt. 




 the reason for infrequent comments is Enough people, a small minority, forget the manners their mother taught them so it makes posting comments not worthwhile.

Several sub-Reddits such as New Zealand and Scotland are no go areas unless you're a member of the in-group 




 the link did not come up as submitted when I submitted it. 




 Take that up with the blogger 




 
Abstract:      
Until the 1970s, Hong Kong's Government collected as few statistics as possible, a policy only partially explained by its commitment to laisser faire. Statistics were seen as threatening its freedom from London's control and its ability to limit political debate locally. Using unpublished material from the Hong Kong Public Records Office, this paper reviews statistical issues of major importance in Hong Kong's transition to an industrial economy and its emergence as a financial centre. It demonstrates how the quality of statistics affected the management of financial markets and banking crises, and identifies the wider costs of the shortage of comprehensive statistics. 




 It would be a lot easier to just increase the earned income tax credit? 




 data is as a percentage of the average wage of a full-time worker 




 Most are those who support the minimum wage shift gears their applied welfare economics in all other social context to emphasise how the losers should be given priority and greater weight when adding up the social gains and social losses of economic change.

The social cost of the minimum wage is not discussed in this way: how many jobs are lost and that these job losses are much more important than any gains to society. All that is done is the number of jobs lost is compared with some other social metrics such as how much the wages go up for those that still have a job and that is enough to conclude that there is a socially beneficial change from a minimum wage increase.

Any low paid workers affected by the minimum wage increase are just reduced to numbers and added and subtracted with great ease and few moral compunctions about interpersonal comparisons of utility

A minimum wage increase is not free if one worker loses their job. The Paretian Criterion states that welfare is said to increase or decrease if at least one person is made better off or worse off with no change in the positions of others. 




 So minimum wage still disemploys. Editorial asks if that is a pareto improvement 




 Yes, very true 




 Towns straddle the canadian border,  including a library with rooms in both countries 




 try http://www.hoover.org/research/setting-krugman  




 Anen-o-me was kind enough to fix this for me. 




 thanks. the link broke overnight 




 The strongest reasons for legalising marijuana is it reduces the incentives for the formation  of narco-states 




 Not my book 




 Because they also qualify for medicine in larger numbers than men. STEM is not their only option. 




 Your 2008 paper says it is the first real world example  of a giffin good. The evidence bar is higher than that. 

150 years of searching before one example could be found.  




 Know of any examples of giffin goods? Top journals await you if you find one. 




 The law of demand is pretty solid 




 Primarily, because the laws of physics are predictable whereas the "laws" of economics are malleable. 

If so, why do engineers build dams etc., with 50% buffers in their safety margins to account for the unknown 




 The interesting thing about the short article in the Guardian was it started to talk about gender wage deniers. Is there no honest disagreement any more? 




 Yes, they had the odd good day. 




 Yes, is weird.  Telegraph writes great obituaries too. 




 You are well-read in the area. Perhaps you should share your sources. 




 Can you suggest some references?  




 Dates back 40 years in the Asymmetric marriage premium literature started by polachek 




 Why 




 V2 derivatives, I believe 




 unmarried middle aged men earn less that unmarried middle aged women 




 Having to repay borrowed money is seen as am imposition by some 




 All good points 




 Goes to issue of standing to sue 




 Kansas senate case in 1920. Discussed in link I think. 




 A reasoned discussion 




 some have worked when backed by a resolution of the house. 




 That's what happens in democracies 




 Ok 




 Friendly reminder: This is r/economics, not /r/politics.

An inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations founded economics 




 Forgotten Lycos. Is Netscape still around? 




 Golden Era songwriters were generally at their best during their 30s and 40s, whereas since the mid-'60s popular songwriters have consistently done their best work during their 20s. 

The revolution in popular music occurred at a time when young innovators were making similar transformations in other arts: Jean-Luc Godard and his fellow New Wave directors created a conceptual revolution in film in the early '60s, just as Andy Warhol and other Pop artists made painting a conceptual activity. 




 He had colourful biographies. Good Christmas reading. 




 There is a bill in the house to allow extend privilege to reports and repetitions 




 Very true. Was it his second offence and he escaped conviction for a first strike offence 




 What is tested on Beagles? I am sure they test something on them 




 Yes, he is attacking a strawman argument 




 See Dodging the vote? 
Richard J. Cebula, Franklin G. Mixon Jr. Empirical economics 2012
Abstract
This study investigates the impact of ending the military draft on voter turnout in the U.S. The main study period runs from 1948 through 2006. After controlling for the unemployment rate, the degree of labor force unionization, the U.S.-Iraq War, the impact of voting in presidential elections, the female labor force participation rate, the percent of the adult population with a college degree, income, and a variable to reflect strong approval or disapproval of the U.S. President, compelling empirical evidence is found that ending the military draft in the U.S. acted to significantly reduce the aggregate voter participation rate.
 




 See The Allocation of Death in the Vietnam War: A Public Choice Perspective
Brian L. Goff and Robert D. Tollison
Southern Economic Journal
Vol. 54, No. 2 (Oct., 1987), pp. 316-321 




 See http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/10430719108404694 Political influence on civil war mortality rates: The electoral college as a battlefield

Gary M. Anderson and Robert D. Tollison 1991 




 Tollison has published frequently on civil war and vietnam war death rates in battle and the electoral college 




 Gary becker wrote a nice paper on terrorism among other things relating casual and daily bus and cafe patronage based on the fixed costs of updating infomation on risks. Used it to study the economics of the christchurch earthquake and tourism demand. 




 Public choice? 




 true, reminders of the temptations to which academics and professionals succumb to win tenure, publish or perish and secure consultancies should always be in high rotation in any profession. 




 from abstract: The top 1 percent of households hold over a third of the country's total wealth, while the bottom two quintiles hold a fraction of that wealth. 

As such, the rich are able to develop and maintain highly diversified portfolios of investments, including stocks, bonds, derivatives, insurance, precious metals, degrees, multiple homes and other real estate holdings. 

The ability of the rich to safely diversity their portfolios allows them to take on riskier investments without incurring the hazards associated with the far less diverse portfolios of lower income individuals. 




 The incompetence of the council is a major barrier to earthquake recovery. That might be of concern to you. 




 Piketty's tax proposals such as 80% top rate are to end such incomes, not raise revenue 




 I will get the quote from a green MP in the morning. 




 I agree. Inflation targeting is not broken. 




 Public choice 




  you needed a licence from the reserve bank to subscribe to a foreign magazine. Imagine having to asking the reserve bank for permission to use amazon one-click? 




 Banks used to open from 10 to 3 etc.

John Cleese developed his interest in the funny-side of hotels in NZ in 1964 when dining in one on a Sunday.
 




 thanks, the open paragraph outside the firewall makes the main point. 




 No reporting at all of this story in new zealand.  




 excellent read and Stigler at his witty best. 




 Yes,  he writes well and with great insight 




 Late where I am 




 Shares, bonds etc 




 Buy and hold a diversified portfolio of ...... 




 The dutch have cricket,  but specialised infrastructure is not required now there are mobile pitches. 




 Prereddit 




 try https://sites.google.com/site/pbentoecon/ for ungated 




 More of a mocking question to minimum wage advocates. Why be stingy if there is no employment effects. Where is the upper bound if there is no employment effects. 




 Yes, he was both a fine communicator and astute analyst 




 thanks 




 How do you find such links? 




 Warburg is underrated as an actor 




 Do not live in usa, don't understand comment 




 try http://ftp.iza.org/dp8235.pdf
 




 Yes, I was taught the barter story, not the money as memory story. 




 Yes. Patent trolls are a big threat 




 More to the point, everything is evidence for one hypothesis, which is bad science 




 My 10 free NYT articles per month had run out 




 for some reason economists reserve a special dark place in their hearts for taxicab regulation. 




 Coyne is a smart fellow. 




 true, but hiring specialist talent to handle expensive goods is a standard business responsibility. 




 Motion picture projectionists are regulated???!!! What do they do? 




 The links are to different parts of one interview 




 Some of the regulated professions are off the wall
 




 Moderators don't like changes to original title 




 Yes, as did Hayek 




 More than a few charge in with little knowledge 




 Yes, selgin is a smart operator, and quick on his feet. 




 is that a low number or high number?

 




 That's a good question. One clue is that you're all a bunch of narcissists that you'd say "global conspiracy". 

No, just that american based conspiracy theorists have accused me of leading a conspiracy before. 




 Who are we all in this global conspiracy?  




 you're obviously very knowledgeable on this, but it is a bit late in the evening where I am to reply. 




 ungated at http://www.sfu.ca/~allen/DemsetzSocialCost.pdf 




 Britain had free trade and then imperial preference  




 How did british industry policy go? 




 What was Hong Kong's industry policy? 




 Popper wrote that the motives of researchers is irrelevant. What matters is the critical discussion of what was said. 




 See too http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/en/campaigns/global-warming-and-energy/polluterwatch/koch-industries/cato-institute/

$ 5.35 million over 14 years, again chicken feed.  




 See http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/en/campaigns/global-warming-and-energy/polluterwatch/koch-industries/american-enterprise-institute/ for koch donations to AEI. 


$350, 000 between 2004 and 2011 in total. Chicken feed 




 Nice review of her work 




 It was 30000 troops versus 800  




 I agree.  




 Yes, if you want to manipulate elections, a much smaller group of insiders can get at the counting process etc. Voter fraud requires too many co-conspirators. 




 Good point. With so many safe races, in how many races is it worth the risk for politicians to organise it.

Most voter fraud is lone oddballs who vote multiple times. This occurs in every country 




 See http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/04/22/paul-krugman-tom-sargent-and-me/

Not every link on the Internet is orcastrated by the Koch brothers. 




 Paul Krugman accused me of being part of the vast right conspiracy when I posted the Tom Sargent's speech a few weeks ago.

He also didn't know that I lived in New Zealand. Not everything is about US politics, get over it. 




 Yes he deserves credit for posting the prison camp article. Wish I had.

I started a micro101 course with a lecture based on that article. 

 




 By the title alone I knew for sure this article was at least 15 years old. There's no way this type of analysis would suit the political rhetoric Krugman's been pushing.

Pre-2000 Krugman has a ton of solid economic analysis (like this), and I wish he produced more of it nowadays. 

So true. Krugman went off the rails when bush was elected

 




 Yes, mccloskey is one of the best economists about,. Her 1985 price theory book is great.

Her web site shows a busy scholar with Journal articles and many books. 




 That's good because few economists are libertarians.  most are moderate democrats. 




 try http://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/20696/1/MPRA_paper_20696.pdf if link does not work directly 




 Yes, good one 




 if you cannot open see http://www.tobinproject.org/sites/tobinproject.org/files/assets/Posner%20The%20Concept%20of%20Regulatory%20Capture%20(1-16-13).pdf 




 Read the economics of company towns.  Shows the exact opposite. See http://eh.net/encyclopedia/the-company-town/ 




 The feds, under thomas' s views, can still regulate goods that cross state lines, as most medicines do. 




 Yes but regulation is a long way off 




 Why do discussions of the minimum wage so quickly degenerate into the minimum wage being the only things that stops wages falling to zero. 

Why are wages above the minimum wage if employers have so much power 




 Many Eu countries have no minimum wage including Uk before 1997.

What role the minimum wage in rising wages in the east asian tigers 




 Maybe people had not seen them. I hadn't.
 




 Is it new to reddit?  




 Yes, I thought the same too, but cats were a good metaphor for the points made 




 Not every cause and effect relationship is open to policy manipulation  




 If that is true, is it possible to set a separate minimum wage for every Labour market appropriate to its degree of monopsony? 




 The big increases in the EITC were under republicans. Nixon signed it into law. 

Nixon supported a guaranteed minimum family income bill that passed the house after Friedman popularized the negative income tax 




 The moderators complain if the original title changes 




 What do the surveys of economists say on this? 




 I am talking about implementing a minimum wage for each different market 




 There is a vast difference between unsubstantiated and drawing on a literature whose results are mixed or open to different interpretations. 




 It took it time to concede that point.

The economics of the minimum wage is a curious area of public debate.

People are very much anti-economics, but as soon as an argument comes up that vaguely supports the minimum wage not harming unemployment, they become extremely knowledgeable of that entire literature in all its nuances.

We are now discussing whether on the best possible interpretation of the employment effects of the minimum wage been minimal whether a minimum wage increase can actually implemented without harming employment. 

The answer to that question is no. 

Much easier to just increase the earned income tax credit. 




 Remember Stigler's 1946 paper that showed that increasing the minimum wage on the assumption of monopsony power requires a separate minimum wage for every different market. 




 Is an increase in the minimum wage a pareto improvement?

Is an increase in the earned income tax credit pareto superiour to an increase in the minimum wage? 




 The. Jury is on on all of those matters 




 What do minimum wages do to employment and skills acquisition? 




 Surprisingly enough this symposium on the economics of cats on the Internet came up with very interesting results 




 Yes, he must be a very good dialectic. 

Actors often have trouble mastering two maybe three dialects or accents. 




 Mine was not the original source, there were several reposts away. Thanks for the original link 




 Yes, what have the animal spirits stuff to do with inequality 




 Is this the first successful vote in the house for marijuana decriminalisation? 




 I wonder what people steal these days when houses burgled.

When I left university, a VCR cost $1000; today a DVD costs $50; the same goes for televisions been rather cheap relative to week's wages.

Most digital devices are pretty cheap these days. 

Moreover there is more and more antitheft technologies that allow you to freeze your phone if it is stolen.

I wonder if there has been any good studies of the declining career fortunes of burglars. 




 my mistake. Kleiner has been writing on the topic since 1982, well before he got his AFL-CIO chair.

"Unionism and Licensing of Public School Teachers: Impacts on Wages and Educational Output," in When Public Sector Workers Unionize, Richard B. Freeman and C Ichniowski (eds.), University of Chicago Press and National Bureau of Economic Research, 1988, with D. Petree, pp. 305-319. 
 
"Barriers to Labor Migration: The Case of Occupational Licensing," Industrial Relations, Vol. 21, No. 3, 1982, pp. 383-391, with R. Gay and K. Greene. 
 
"Licensing, Migration, and Earnings: Some Empirical Insights," Policy Studies Review, Vol. 1, No. 3, 1982, pp. 510-522, with R. Gay and K. Greene,
 




 The AEI grew out of the American Enterprise Association (AEA), which was founded in 1938 by a group of New York businessmen led by Lewis H. Brown. It was renamed in 1962.



 




 He has been writing on this topic for 20 years. Well before the libertarians got any coverage. 




 Old Libertarian party plank disguised as novel information.

Morris M. Kleiner is the AFL-CIO chair of labor policy and professor at the Humphrey School of public policy
 




 Yes 




 This is the  publicaton ready version of her presidential address 




 Most people read book review for substitute for reading a book 




 It is becoming more common to publish the data online.

This was not done in the past because to homepages were not available.

many of the papers in the American economic review and in other places have an online data appendix next to the link to the article.

As a general rule economists have no interest in the replication of studies. There is just not a published article in it.

You can publish articles on replication results with different datasets, but just rerunning the same data doesn't get your bonus points towards tenure.. 




 remember to hit the google translate button 




 Does this not strengthen the argument. 

The Nobel Prize is enough money to be tempted to put your feet up. The Fields medal is not
 




 All good points. The publication rates tell you something. 
It is true that some people make a few blinding contributions.

t's also true that others are journeyman academics who make important incremental additions 




 The central estimates suggest that a country that switches from non-democracy to democracy achieves about 20% higher GDP per capita over the subsequent three decades.

That's actually pretty huge, how could that have been missed before? 

Good point

 




 Good point 




 The ICC internal security unit report of about 1992 is on the Web.

It makes for fascinating reading about the long history of dodgy practices in cricket, particularly in county cricket, for example, to win bonus points.

Match fixing in cricket just slowly drifted into the game in the 1970s. 




 Tullock has a paper on monarchies, hereditary and non-hereditary.

an English king's grandson had a good chance of inheriting the throne only after it's powers were stripped to next to nothing.
 




 Very true 




 The key form of academic capture by governments is pre-emptively not funding the research 




 Milton friedman said that he never saw  a tax cut he didn't like 




 For a think tank,  that might be pitching it a bit high for their public audiences.  




 Yes, sales departments would not be able to offer discounts and extra services to win new customers 




 Noah Smith is full of it. Economics was never a priesthood of free markets.

Milton Friedman was a wild man in the wings until late in his life. Hayek had trouble getting up a job after about 1950.

If you mentioned Milton Friedman in a job interview before about 1995 or thereabouts, that was very career limiting. If you mentioned Hayek's name at a job interview and there was any sign of name recognition, that was evidence that you would been interviewed by well-read people.

A great many economists started out as socialists. There was great resistance to public choice within the profession and it is still is not well recognised in basic textbooks.

As correctly cited in the article the average economist is a moderate Democrat. That is a shift to the right, not to the left.

Economists are more likely to vote Democratic than Republican by a margin of 5 to 2; and even the Republican-voting economists tended to favour a lot of government intervention.

As for the Austrian School, that was so small until the late 1990s that they wouldn't need to book ahead for the table at a restaurant. 




 The question is how are you trustworthy. The fact of the chinese growth numbers always had an 8 in them is suspicious because 8 is the chinese sound for lucky, i am told. 




 Drug testing allows for counter signaling 




 Correct. I will amend later tonight. 




 you need some sort of an economy of some decent value to emerge under socialism in Cuba in the first place before sanctions can cripple it. 

if you have nothing to trade, sanctions do not matter. 




 Is there any difference between those spaceships shooting up to Elysium and Cubans floating over to Miami, and the wet foot, dry foot policy too? 
























 nice discussion of the implications of marijuana decriminalisation in the USA for the illegal economies of Mexico and further south 




 This is not intended to be a sale notice. 

I'm just drawing people's attention to the fact they can buy a Nobel prize medal these days. 

Victoria crosses and other bravery awards in the UK have quite a vibrant market and sell for hundreds of thousands of dollars. In the 1950s, you could pick up a Victoria Cross secondhand for 50 




 see http://www.nber.org/papers/w16952.pdf  




 The reason that Al Qaeda decentralised was the interrogation programmes of the Bush administration. They couldn't afford to have anyone wandering around with lots of information in their head. Sooner or later, these top managers would be captured and interrogated and disclose their information. 




 There is method to what Obama is doing. People forget that a common political communication strategy is to completely ignore your adversary and never mention their name. Don't give them the oxygen of publicity. 




 Liability will be impossible to prove in most cases. For example, in the case of polio, 95% of people who have it are asymptomatic, but are contagious. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A marvellous discussion of Tom Schelling and how madness can be wickedly rational as a negotiating strategy 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

excellent roundup of the situation in Libya by what appears to be an expert in the matter 




 Yes, genetic modification changes in the mix of risks in society. New risks replace old risks. Usually the objective is net risk is less after this. 




 The original title was even worse than that 




 about 30% of children infected by measles end up being hospitalized, 5% will contract a severe complication that requires NICU or ICU admission, and about 0.2% will die. see http://www.cdc.gov/measles/about/complications.html  




 Congress recently defunded the enforcement of Federal marijuana laws in states that have allowed medical marijuana or industrial hemp production. 

A complete reinterpretation of the commerce clause is therefore not required. 




 1. Babies cannot be vaccinated; 
2. Cancer patents have compromised immunity; 
3. Vaccine is 95% effective, not 100%;
4. Herd immunity requires 92% community vaccination rates.
5. Tort liability is not an effective way of managing liability for infections from the unvaccinated. Measles is the most contagious disease about. Hard to prove who, in particular, you got it from and that they have assets you can take from them to make up for the injury. 




 The fact that someone didn't join the race to the bottom in this subsidy war was welcome enough, if you asked me 




 Yes, the air crash investigation program is really good on this one too 




 PETA does not believe in pet ownership 




 I live in a country that is addicted to meetings.

Until I migrated here, I'd never heard of a team meeting. 




 The war was fought in continental Europe and France in particular where metrics were more common 




 If a 2% pay rise doesn't reduce demand for labour, how a large must be that the pay rise before it does? 




 It's hard to tasers someone carrying submachine gun.

Demands such as these, forget the police of people not robots.

Police are workers have the same right to a safe work environment and go home to their families uninjured at the end of the day.

This means to me to take any unnecessary risks. 




 Submission statement.

A masterful discussion from 1944 of modern management theory, albeit for the purpose of how to sabotage any organisation, rather than make it work better.

I think Scott Adams got his Dilbert cartoons from this book. 




 The point of the link here is that sociologists as profession are pretty much to the left.

I would be a rich man if I got a dollar for every time economists were denounced as right wing in my presence. This is despite all studies showing that for example, in the USA, the average economist is a moderate Democrat.

Despite all the media reports of the bias of economists and so forth, I've never seen one report in the mass media discussing the bias of sociologists. 




 Democrats to republican ratio is 44 to 1 




 Yes,  good one: nothing like Snow to conceal time of death 




 An oldie but a goodie 




 Within 12 months of Moynahan published in his report, the whole topic became taboo. There is a similar experience in New Zealand recently.
see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/07/30/the-politics-of-ethnicity-based-research-in-new-zealand/ 
 




 Who gains from the unionisation of teachers? Was Peltzman right? see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq2eJoZWnpk  




 Greatly link to the video.  




 Also, sharp point on mobility and firm size 




 See http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/12/18/where-have-all-the-entrepreneurs-gone/ for a discussion of optimal firm size and growth  




 I can see why a number of people in the celebrity field lobbied hard for anti-stalking laws. To be followed around by nutters would be truly scary. 




  http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/07/13/conspiracy-theories-debunked-the-moon-landing-was-a-hoax/ hosts a video that discusses in dull monotone from the viewpoint of a TV camera technician whether it was technologically possible to fake the 143 minute continuous moon landing television broadcast in 1969. 




 Measles affects about 20 million people a year, primarily in the developing areas of Africa and Asia. It resulted in about 96,000 deaths in 2013 down from 545,000 deaths in 1990. In 1980, the disease is estimated to have caused 2.6 million deaths per year. 

Before immunization in the United States between three and four million cases occurred a year. Most of those who are infected and who die are less than five years old. Adults have little or no memory of before the age of 4.

The risk of death among those infected is usually 0.2%. Complications are usually more severe in adults who catch the virus. 

Herd immunity requires at least 92% vaccination rate; the vaccine is only 95% effective; babies are too young to vaccinate; and tort liability is an ineffective way of policing infections from you see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/02/07/richard-epstein-classical-liberalism-and-compulsory-vaccinations/ 




 an oldie but a goodie as a tall tale but true 




 an oldie but a goodie 




 Submission Statement

Roland Fryer carried a gun at 14 as a member of the gang; worked extra jobs at college to pay off his father's bail bondsman; and an assistant professor at Harvard at the age of 27. He is the sharpest economist around working on the economics of inequality and discrimination.

This 2005 profile is well worth reading. Both his extraordinary life story and the promise he was showning in 2005 was later delivered. 




 On reflection, this 2 flat levy seems to have the Guardian supporting the equivalent of a poll tax, given that so many people have broadband 




 Rather interesting short essay explaining the importance of the working class vote in winning US elections 




 Very good points. They are a hinterlands rabble 




 Old but still a treasure 




 The Guardian clearly does not like creative destruction 




 About 25 years ago, a Scandinavian film crew visited North Korea on the promise that they could film what they liked. 

When they arrived, they were given the film that they were going to make. The promise was broken.

When they reviewed the film given to them by the North Korean authorities, they are more than happy to put it out as their documentary because every single frame unintentionally sent North Korea up because of the sycophancy etc. 




 Under Stephen Stiglers law of scientific epiphany, the inventor of an idea is not the first to discover it, but the first to make sure that the idea stayed discovered and was not forgotten again and reinvented and recycled as new. Mentioning an under-developed idea in passing is not enough.

Stephen Stigler attributed his law to Robert Mertons law of multiples, acknowledging that Stiglers law obeys Stiglers law.

for more see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/03/28/public-policy-fallacies-and-stiglers-law-of-scientific-epiphany/ 




 The problem for stadiums is nationwide subsidy market with that awful race to the bottom 




 A little bit old, but it's good to see that the middle of the road Democratic party flagship publications are drawing a line somewhere on corporate welfare 




 Paul is annoying all the right people 




 Forgot to add that awareness of this longitudinal study, and this previous research with that longitudinal study might give some people some ideas for research of their own in the same area with economic tools were not applied in the original article or the original data. 




 I like Leonardo DiCaprio because he has a wide range and appears to dissolve into whatever character he is playing.

Most of all, in his current movie, you never think about what characters he played in recent movies or whether he is playing against type. 




 Thanks, the law and economics of criminal justice does not seem to be as accepted as widely as I thought.

Some of the first articles in law and economics by Richard Posner and William Landes were on the economics of the courts, legal administration and the judiciary as a whole.

When Gary Becker wrote the economics of discrimination, many simply did not accept that it was a topic for economic analysis. Likewise, when he wrote Human Capital in 1964, he later explained that is book had such a long subtitle to overcome criticism of describing people as capital. 




 Shouting at people and telling them that their stupid and corrupt and on the take is rarely as a successful strategy for any salesman who has to earn his salary by selling something to them.

Indeed, most of the studies show that such strategies of aggression and denunciation are polarising rather than result in people changing their minds. 




 I was surprised to see him in the picture too 




 A nice roundup of the various theories as to why crime has fallen so much 




 Free banking has a serious time inconsistency problem regarding credible promise to never bail-out banks 




 Should drunk drivers be punished more heavily if they cause accidents? 




 1. herd immunity requires at least 92% vaccination rate
2. vaccine is only 95% effective;
3. babies are too young to vaccinate; and
4. tort liability is an ineffective way of policing infections from you see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/02/07/richard-epstein-classical-liberalism-and-compulsory-vaccinations/  




 You make a good point about many artists working in jobs that do not fit the stereotype of the public. 




 Survival is the true test of market value 




 Aka regulation by stealth 




 wise but not very romantic.  




 This op-ed was written back when Paul Krugman was the finest expositor of economics since Milton Friedman to the popular press and general public.

After the election of George Bush in 2001, he became patient number one of George Bush derangement syndrome, and slipped from that pedestal and lost the chance of being the greatest expositor of economics bar one.

Millions of people suffered from Clinton derangement syndrome in the 1990s and many still do. Patient number one of Clinton derangement syndrome has many candidates. Ann Coulter is my nominee. 




 survived amazon's invention 20 years ago 




 1. babies are too young to be vaccinated
2. vaccine is only 95% effective
3. herd immunity - see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/12/07/how-vaccines-and-herd-immunity-work/

 




 a very good point 




 The anti-vaccination movement appears to march to their own step.

This survey shows that most people who are sceptical about global warming are in full agreement that vaccines are safe. 




 correct. A big policy dilemma when setting in income thresholds for means testing the incomes of welfare beneficiaries is you can make the welfare benefit pay.

In New Zealand, you can earn $200 a week without losing any of your welfare benefits. That makes part-time work plus a single parent welfare benefit a viable investment.

There is an argument that welfare benefits should rebate dollar for dollar on any income earned to ensure that the gap between working and not working is large and the rewards are to work full time, rather than work part time and staying on the benefit, including its various second-tier benefits related to health costs and emergency grants. 




 many excellent points 




 many do as with france and many european soccer players 




 net of the fixed costs of working and opportunity cost of leisure.

also, pure wealth effect only. is not a negative income tax.

 




 people watch media that panders to their priors 




 the study finds equally numbers from both sides join corporate boards 




 her number of socially redeeming features has dropped from 2 to 1: stopping Hilary 




 Craven political backdown 




 I lived in Japan in the mid-1990s when the economy was switching from a six-day week to a five day week. Workers had to show up on Saturday morning when I was there.

What I couldn't understand is Japanese were supposed to take hardly any holidays, yet there was an explosion in Japanese tourism all over the world, despite not taking many holidays. 




 The author is now a FTC commissioner 




 Spontaneous murders are called manslaughter where I live, because they're not premeditated. 

As for crime related murders, the large fall in crime rates in recent times as discussed well in the writings of Steve Levitt. He points out that executions are simply too infrequent to figure in criminal calculations regarding risks.

Furthermore, gang bangers, a spell on death row probably extends life expectancy relative to been murdered by business associate in a drug dispute.

The Rand Corporation did a very good starting about 10 years ago the occupational hazards of drug gang members. being murdered is a far greater occupational hazard than arrest. 
 




 Politicians like to be seen next to winners and cameras
 




 Yes, it does sound like a bit of a slippery slope. I doubt it will survive appeal. 




 Actually, is a wonderful satire on what Matt Welch called temporary doves. That is, peace activists who oppose the wars started by their political opponents 




 Were any of the facts of the story incorrect? 




 True but easier to not change rather than look up each subredditt 




 I didn't own a car from 1995 to 2009 because the local train or bus systems were so efficient at delivering me to where I want to go with the gaps in between filled by taxis and car rentals.

Do you own a car? What is the longest time you have gone without owning a car?

Indeed, for 8 of these years, I didn't even have a licence and had to resit the test.

Did you let your licence lapse because you are so confident in the local bus system delivering on the job? 




 Exoneration on appeal is the criminal justice system working, not failing. As Richard Posner said, the actual number of exonerations relative to the number of trials and convictions is vanishingly small 




 Headline, but I'm reluctant to change the headline title because some sub-Reddit moderators and rules do not like you changing the title of the link and it's too hard to remember the rules for each sub-redditt. 




 Frankly, tactically speaking, I don't think it's worth the political effort needed to reinstate keep the death penalty relative to other priorities such as life without parole and three strikes and you are out. You can only fight on so many fronts 




 I'm told barbers must undertake thousands of hours of study, including of the history of barbers 




 Yes, it is an unusual headlines for a liberal lion media outlet 




 If there is evidence that capital punishment deters people from murder, how many horrific child murders per year are you willing to tolerate because of your squeamishness before introducing the death penalty?

The latest estimates suggest that each execution deters about eight murders a year. 




 Ignorance is strength 




 Everything you wanted to know but were afraid to ask a statistical perspective 




 That did not happen to me 




 Do victims get expenses paid to travel to these conferences. My mate didn't.
 




 Not only do are Uber drivers have to work unsociable hours, taxi drivers and chauffeurs are twice as likely to be murdered as a police officer
see http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/ 




 to confirm link to pdf https://www.dropbox.com/s/efms80efioyn3mt/Political_Economy_European.pdf?dl=0 




 The story about the unqualified main coach for Real Madrid B Team is absolute magic 




 This review, and his review in the Journal of political economy are to of best book reviews I have ever read.

Praising what can be praised, and giving excellent criticisms of what he disagreed with. 

Straighter shooting book reviews, you will not find 




 so if you were managing these facilitators, what performance targets would you set. would take-up rates be included? 

Would you happily employ a facilitator were never persuaded anyone to come to one of these conferences? How would you know they were doing their job if you didn't expect them to deliver anyone to these conferences? 




 But that's what happens. 

Ministry of Justice facilitators have performance agreements and performance targets and among those targets is making sure people show up at restorative Justice conferences. I will know for sure when my official information act request is answered.

You wouldn't last long as restorative justice facilitator if you simply accepted no as an answer to a suggestion to attend at restorative justice conference and ended the call. 

 




 So you want to use victims of crime as unpaid social workers subtly pressured as a friend was by these facilitators to do unpaid social work with criminals. Deterrence of crime is the function of the legal system.

About 2500 of these conferences occur each year which is a small percentage of convictions. 




 How much has the IPCC estimated global warming to reduce GDP? 




 I do not give a toss about the offender. The victim owes them nothing.  




 Does the sentence increase as a result of the restorative justice conference? 

 




 Well if they want to meet with the convicted offender, they are free to contact the police or the court to arrange to do so.

The Ministry of Justice should never contact the victims  that is re-victimisation. 

Enough people complain about the trauma of having to testify in court and be cross examined. Once that is over, the victim should be free to get on with their life and never hear from the court again once they have completed their testimony. after giving their testimony, it is for the victim to decide whether to have further contact with the criminal justice system.

Why is the sentencing deferred pending a restorative justice conference?

If the offender who pled guilty is genuinely remorseful, that remorse will not be contingent on a reduction in sentence because he or she attended a restorative justice conference?

 




 Google Robert Hare: he's the world expert on the psychology of psychopaths. He agrees with you completely. 




 judges are now forced to adjourn all cases after a guilty plea to give Ministry of Justice conference facilitators time to coax offenders and victims to come together. 

I can think of plenty of cases, including the two examples given in the article, with the victim would never want to see or hear of their attacker ever again except that there been sentenced to an appropriate term prison.

People complain about giving evidence in court been a traumatic experience. Imagine having to meet with the offender again so they can pretend to be remorseful. 




 A great summary of everything you wanted to know, but was afraid to ask about Saudi Arabia. Very penetrating questions and good answers. 




 Do you get much business when there is not much snow 




 Once again from the pew research Centre, everything you wanted to discuss about political polarisation but needed data. You now have it. 




 We don't object paying more for a meal at a restaurant at dinner time rather than as lunchtime; the people object to paying more for the taxi late at night where the driver must risk the dangers of night-time work on their own! 




 Is surge pricing another name for over time and night and weekend pay?

Union contracts provide for overtime pay, if you work more than the specified 8 hours a day.

Union contracts also provide that if you work at the weekends you are paid at 150% of the normal rate; and double party on public holidays.

Seems like the travelling public don't like what they's will was very good in union contracts if they were a union member. 




 You can't let facts bugger a good story story.

Australian slang, for the uninitiated 




 yes, the rights of workers are often forgotten. 

yes, the drivers are self-employed, but many employees are paid more if they work in dirty,  and dangerous jobs or bad weather. 




 I have not seen these 1942 reports with newspaper headlines in London before 




 "This paper provides a relatively non-technical survey of theoretical research on the eect of sovereign risk on the market for sovereign debt, with an emphasis on the way sovereign risk constrains the
process of globalization. 

After summarizing the legal environment governing sovereign debt, it discusses the forces that encourage repayment of sovereign debt when legal enforcement is ineffective.  It then reviews the recent literature that examines the quantitative importance of these forces. 

It concludes by discussing a range of institutional changes and policy reforms that might act to further reduce the level of sovereign risk and hence strengthen the process of globalization."
 




 thanks for the link 




 BTW, see http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=343640

Mechanisms of the Slippery Slope Eugene Volokh  UCLA School of Law 




 That slippery slope argument was a favourite of the reactionary right 




 Their ability to believe it all stone cold sober worries me more 




 "Since 1 January 2002, the Tribunal has had the power to declare acts or omissions of:

the legislative, executive or judicial branches of government, or
a person or body that performs any public function, power or duty to be inconsistent with the right to freedom from discrimination, as affirmed by s.19 of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990.
An act or omission will not be inconsistent with those rights if it's shown to be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society."

That declaration of the human rights Tribunal plus 61 Votes on the floor of Parliament on an amending bill will get you somewhere

 




 see http://reason.com/archives/2014/03/05/is-marijuana-legalization-illegal for Does Marijuana Legalization Violate International Law? U.N. drug warriors falsely claim that treaties compel U.S. states to ban pot. 




 "All that a court of justice can look to is the parliamentary roll: they see that an Act has passed both Houses of Parliament, and that it has received the royal assent, and no court of justice can inquire into the manner in which it was introduced into Parliament, what was done previously to its being introduced, or what passed in Parliament during the various stages of its progress through both Houses of Parliament."

per Edinburgh   Dalkeith Railway Co v Wauchope (1842) 




 When was the last time a New Zealand Act of Parliament was declared invalid by a court? 




 The constitutional position in New Zealand [...] is clear and unambiguous. Parliament is supreme and the function of the courts is to interpret the law as laid down by Parliament. The courts do not have a power to consider the validity of properly enacted laws

per Rothmans of Pall Mall (NZ) Ltd v A-G [1991] 2 NZLR 323 at 330 (HC) 




 The previous posts do not discuss the arguments submitted to the court as the case unfolded over the course of the day 




 Why is it going to take a three day High Court hearing to establish that Parliament is sovereign and therefore can make or unmake any law whatsoever.

This isn't a matter of statutory interpretation of ambiguous text. 

A specific bill was passed for the sole purpose of stripping sentenced prisoners of their voting rights as one of the consequences of being convicted of a serious crime. 




 The customer is always right. 




 Essay arguing that the Greens are no more than a reincarnation of the 19th century British Tory Radicals with their aristocratic sensibilities that combined strong support for centralised power with a paternalistic concern for the plight of the poor 




 Many a war criminal would go free without the ability to criminalise organisations.

"Joint criminal enterprise" ("JCE") is a mode of liability created by judges on the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia that allows the tribunal to bring charges against members of a group responsible for war crimes or crime against humanity even if there is no evidence that the particular individuals physically participated in the crimes.

Germany prescribed a successor to the Nazi party when it started winning seats in the State and Federal parliaments. 

This party was led by the SS major who was at the centre of the coup attempt in 1944  initially he was ordered to arrest all the Nazi leaders; then Hitler got on the phone to him and he arrested the coup leaders. He was an unrepentant Nazi.


 




 This is a great interview where Samuelson reflects on the state and evolution of modern economics with great impartiality 




 Nice discussion of junk science intruding into legal procedure. Some really crazy theories tend to get believed these days.

Indeed, forensics scientist have to counter the CSI effect: they have to testify before the jury to show that there are a number of things forensic science cannot prove contrary to what you saw on TV 




 I could not agree more. 

I don't know how the media takes seriously after been so wrong so many times but as Richard Posner said in his book, public intellectuals, the media standard for public intellectuals is pretty low. 




 To undo election, disputed votes must exceed winning margin, of 18000 




 Yes, apparently 




 That claim has more legs than arguing an Act of parliament is invalid. NZ Parliament is sovereign. 




 Video killed the radio star 




 Nice article showing that there's nothing new under the sun in terms of moral panic about technology displacing jobs. Comes up every 20 years 




 Just to show that there is nothing new under the sun regarding moral panic about technological unemployment 




 This matter needs to be settled once and for all. I agree with the article. 




 Great summary about the strong role of demand in the collapse of oil prices as well as the glut in supply 




 Rather true, and those claiming a personal beliefs exemption tend to be from the richer suburbs in  California 




  according to government statistics, the information sector of the economywhich includes publishing, software, data services, and telecomhas barely grown since the late eighties, even though weve seen an explosion in the amount of information and data that individuals and businesses consume 




 Sadly, most people would dance on the grave of your admitted error and use it to totally discredit you.

Politicians never admit error because it will be used again and again against them in the future. Oddly enough, in politics, admitting error is a sign of weakness. 




 One of the purposes of John Rawls' veil of ignorance and Buchanan and Tullock's veil of  uncertainty is that the basic social institutions be designed when we have abstracted from the grubby particulars of our own self-interest.

Behind the veil of ignorance and the veil of uncertainty, we would all agree that resources are limited, including in the health sector and some drugs can't be funded  choices must be made.

Once we go in front of the veil of ignorance and find out that we are the one missing out on that drug, naturally, our views will change.

Is always the case that someone just falls on the other side of any line in the sand. If you move that line, there is always another set of people who are just on the other side. 




 I have updated my post and discussed how your response is straight out of Yes Minister. I also repositioned my comments as replies to you so that the thread makes more sense 




 When a scientist makes an error, he admits it. That is what Richard Tol did.

Do have a problem with scientists admitting that they make errors? Do you praise them, or criticise them for their scientific honesty? 




 I notice you do what bureaucrats to an focus on error rather than the main thrust of an argument.
You completely ignore this part of what I posted because it's inconvenient to you:
"The recent IPCC report found that the temperature rise that we are expected to see sometime around 2055-2080 will create a net cost of 0.2-2% of GDP. The UK, Japan, and the US wanted this rewritten or stricken.
The IPCC report showed that strong climate policies would be more expensive than claimed as well  costing upwards of 4% of GDP in 2030, 6% in 2050, and 11% by 2100." 




 Poor people of the USA are eligible for Medicaid, those over 65 are eligible for Medicare, poor children are eligible for CHIPS, 




 You are very correct in what you say with Pharmac making sure that its limited budget stretches further.

Expensive drugs with marginal impacts require tough choices, and some people don't like to face up to those choices.
 




 This LSE link is an affirmation of doorknocking. It is consistent with the economic concept of expressive voting.

Models of expressive voting postulate that voters consume ideological or moral stances on issues by voting for them, even when they are against the voters own narrow self interest. Expressive voting is more likely if the probability of being a decisive voter is low - the election is not close.

People vote to express certain beliefs. Voting gives a sense of identity and purpose. Expressive voting is equated to cheering for sporting teams. People vote in ways that cheer for good things and boo at bad thing.

This is why higher income people vote Green  this allows them to feel good about themselves (and perhaps then get on with climbing the greasy pole After cleansing themselves with a morally attuned vote).

Another way to find identity and purpose is to vote for a particular candidate because he asked you personally - you're doing him a favour. Good people do favours and listen to arguments and personal appeals. 




 Yes, Penn and teller persuaded environmental rally activists to sign a petition to ban H2O 




 A masterly roundup of the origins of office speak, which we all hate if we have any fight left in us. 




 Nice story about the last holdouts to vaccination 




 A nice summary of the political psychology of partisan divide.

The drawback of these studies as with others is that a particular focus on the fact that people's voting patterns changes they get older, they get more conservative.

They often lack a gender analysis: women are much more likely to change their vote than men depending on whether they are single, married, a single parent or recently divorced. This vote switching is driven by the demand for social insurance in different family circumstances. 




 Isn't the correct course of action. A complaint to the police? It's a job of the police to investigate allegations such as this.
 




 The 10 answers will surprise you as to what someone on the margins of society might choose behind the veil of ignorance 

Richard Epstein said similar things, but in less detail in his brilliant obituary for John Rawls about 10 years ago on just what happens when you take a degree of political realism about self-interest in human institutions with you behind the veil of ignorance 




 A nice summary of the history of religious exemption giving the twists and turns in simple language 




 A nice study showing that crop by crop yields of organic farming are inferior to those of the comparable conventional farming 




 Documents the latest depths of medical quackery 




 Another excellent discussion from Vanity fair of a Euro crisis country, in this case, Greece and the terrible corruption and inefficiency in that country 




 An excellent essay In Vanity fair showing how the incompetent interventions of Irish politicians worsened the financial crisis tenfold 




 An excellent essay showing how the incompetent interventions of Irish politicians worsened the financial crisis tenfold 




 A superb roundup of the issues with some really great graphics 




 So many four way races in England, perhaps five way with the Greens, and the Scottish nationalists likely to sweep Scotland, no one knows how the next election is going to turn out.

Anyone winning a majority would be a surprise because Labour has lost its buffer of Scottish seats that would have delivered a majority when the right was divided.
 




 In his influential book, Capital in the 21st Century, Thomas Piketty argues forcefully that rising wealth and wealth inequality is an inherent characteristic of capitalist economies and calls for strong policy responses, in particular a substantial wealth tax implemented globally. 

This paper takes issue with the facts, logic, and policy conclusions in Pikettys book, suggesting that the factors needed to support the inexorable rise in capitals share and concentration are lacking and that among tax policy reforms aimed at dealing with economic inequality a wealth tax finds little support either in Pikettys own work or elsewhere in the literature. 




 In his influential book, Capital in the 21st Century, Thomas Piketty argues forcefully that rising wealth and wealth inequality is an inherent characteristic of capitalist economies and calls for strong policy responses, in particular a substantial wealth tax implemented globally. 

This paper takes issue with the facts, logic, and policy conclusions in Pikettys book, suggesting that the factors needed to support the inexorable rise in capitals share and concentration are lacking and that among tax policy reforms aimed at dealing with economic inequality a wealth tax finds little support either in Pikettys own work or elsewhere in the literature. 




 All is revealed by just asking two questions about what you think your partner thinks 




 see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/01/20/rothbard-on-conspiracy-theory/  




 See http://www.fao.org/organicag/oa-faq/oa-faq5/en/ on why organic is more expensive 




 Why not just invest in these farms then? BTW, is organic food cheaper to buy in the super? 




 Recessions harm the bottom of the income ladder much more than the middle or top.

In recessions, the unemployment rate of University graduates doubles to 4%.

The unemployment rates of less well-paid workers doubles to 10%.

That is why low income groups stand to gain the most from a more stable business cycle.
 




 Source: Bryan Perry, Household incomes in New Zealand: Trends in indicators of inequality and hardship 1982 to 2013. Ministry of Social Development (July 2014) at https://www.msd.govt.nz/about-msd-and-our-work/publications-resources/monitoring/household-incomes/ 

These reports have been put out for some 10 or more years under the governments drawn by both sides of the house, written by Bryan Perry.

These reports he writes of the statistical bible of income and poverty in New Zealand. His reports is written with the relevant statistics using public and unit record data.

The facts are: gini coefficient has not increased in New Zealand for 20 years, the share of the top 1% have not increased for 20 years, child poverty is the same as it was 20 years ago, income increases over the last 20 years of been spread fairly evenly across all 10 income deciles.

All of these results are in his 235 page report with most of the key diagrams in his summary. 




 Organic has a larger carbon footprint. Check for yourself. 




 We live in the age of human capital 




 Do you mean the human capital that makes up 70% plus of all wealth. Human capital was valued at $800 billion plus in NZ by Li and Gibson 




 It costs a lot more and is no more nutritious or healthy 




 Labor input growth during the recovery of the U.S. economy from the Great Recession of 20082009 has been considerably lower than expected. A number of scholars have attributed this disappointing outcome to the prospect of higher taxes, induced by the fiscal imbalances that will materialize in coming decades under current policies.

The paper finds that the empirical relevance of the fiscal sentiment hypothesis depends on whether this Frisch elasticity of labor supply is closer to the relatively large values needed to account for the observed volatility of labor input at business cycle frequencies, than to the lower values estimated by microeconomic and quasi-experimental studies. 




 Nice discussion of how people take medical advice from celebrities 




 Best review of two best books on family for some time 




 No one elected, but vote doubled in electorates when higher up ballot paper relative to liberal party 




 Same effect in recent state election 




 See http://www.buzzfeed.com/johnekdahl/14-principled-anti-war-celebrities-we-fear-may-hav-a1x1?s=mobile 




 Yes, that is mentioned in the link 




 His speech was paraphrased in a recent film because copyright from his  estate is licensed to two other studios 




 Obama won the 2008 election, so the anti-war Democrats retired from the field and the rump of the movement was lacking both resources and people.

The anti-war Democrats followed an old rule in politics: your real mates vote for you when you are wrong
 




 Disutopic films also cheaper to make 




 Very good point 




 Anyone studied its economic implications? 




 Study of why differences over the practicality of solutions can lead people to trivialise the problem as part of the cut and thrust of political rhetoric. 




 Great link. Haven't seen this blog before. Excellent. 




 Yes, you are quite correct about selective use of econometrics of some Austrian School economists 




 Sorry. Didn't know. 




 Yes, that has me intrigued too 




 Excellent point 




 Until the late 1990s, there were so few Austrian economists that a convention of them would not have to book ahead to get enough seats at a restaurant. 




 Mankiw wrote his PhD on menu costs and still publishes in the New Keynesian tradition. See his sticky price manifesto, papers on sticky Information and criticism of RBC 




 I stopped watching the Discovery Channel some years ago because its content was not very good. That was before I knew they were making it up in some cases. 




 Yes. Many gangs have prison based leaders. But the murders driven by turf battles is down.

 
























 This was all pre-rent control. Remember Murray Rothbard talking about growing up in New York City and everyone was moving on 1 March because it was easy to find an apartment. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A great discussion, not only of the re-unionisation issue but of how the Democratic party had to be socially Conservative until the civil rights era. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice roundup of the arguments that ISIS is filled with opportunists from a long way back and much of its rise is to do with the murkiness of Iraqi politics 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice roundup of the arguments as to why marriage is not the solution to child poverty. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice little essay reminding that there is been in a supply of seemingly mad people in charge of nuclear weapons who were nonetheless deterred by the possibility of a second strike. 




 This is to review of the first volume of the three volume biography of Stalin. The first volume is 1000 pages long. 

Clearly, this guy is trying to give Robert Caro and his biography of LBJ a run for his money in terms of comprehensiveness and quality. 




 I like his analogy of involuntary employment means the same thing as being involuntarily married. Both are matching problems. Adding the word involuntary is just confused to the search and matching problem at hand. 
 




 There was a massive trial with the polio vaccine before it was introduced in the whole community. The trial involved hundreds of thousands of children. 




 Measles is the most contagious disease that is known. It is therefore not possible to use tort liability to sue the specific person who infected you because it is not possible to trace the infection to a specific child.

The classic example was polio. 90 to 95% of people infected with polio were asymptomatic but infectious to others. It was spread by failing to wash your hands properly after going to the toilet. Small children tend to do that. 




 1. Babies are too young to vaccinate.
2. The vaccine is only 95% effective.
3. People with compromised immunity system such undergoing chemotherapy are also vulnerable and of a high risk of dying.
4. Community of about 92% of the community creates herd immunity
 




 1. Babies are too young to vaccinate.
2. The vaccine is only 95% effective.
3. People with compromised immunity system such undergoing chemotherapy are also vulnerable and of a high risk of dying.
4. Community of about 92% of the community creates herd immunity 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A thorough round up of both the causes and solutions to issues regarding women's economic opportunities with the solutions addressing well proven causes. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

An excellent roundup of how the religious exemptions constitutional jurisprudence moved from the courts from making balancing decisions on a case-by-case basis to the Scalia majority opinion of 1990 that the Constitution only outlaws intentional religious discrimination. 

After that, under the 1990 Scalia majority opinion, religions have to take their chances in democratic politics like the rest of us if they want special exemptions from laws. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

An excellent interview with a brave woman who has bodyguards 24/7 because of what she says 




 I would like to add that I do not agree with this particular article, but it is an excellent statement of the case for rent control which others can then pick holes in 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

This article is probably one of the best summaries of the Piketty debate I have seen. 




 I didn't post directly to the PDF. I couldn't work out how to do that on my browser, but the PDF if you click on it is a wealth of information, I've never seen anywhere else 




 Unmarried women haved out earned Unmarried men for some time according to Tom Sowell 




 The paper is silly, but represents a large number of people 




 I did notice anywhere in the article them pointing to a country that managed to get out of the extreme poverty by increasing the minimum wage. The only evidence the author of the article pointed to was from the United States on the effects of the minimum wage. 




 Good place to take assignment problems for economics 101 




 No justice, you get 6 Karma and I get none. Point of link was to show type of thinking out there and for others, a chance to rebut it. 




 The alcohol consumption figures are interesting, given all the stories you see about teenagers drinking themselves stupid and sometimes to the point of alcohol poisoning 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A nice discussion of why marriage is not a solution to poverty and the teen pregnancy problem 




 yes, some has to be trusted somewhere along the line. 




 I think that pretty much happened in that Egyptian plane, but I think the captain got back into the cabin towards the end, but couldn't pull the plane up because the suicidal pilot is pushing down 




 The vaccine and drugs market in general really run as prizes markets because all the prizes are handed out by government if and when they buy your new drug  




 they do for cabin crew to go in in case of crew incapacitation, but there is another lock inside to prevent terrorist takeovers. 




 SUBMISSION STATE.

Nice roundup of the politics and economics of federalism on the extent to which there should be free trade between the states and whether one state can regulate how another state produces its exports to that state. 




 ADMISSION STATEMENT.

Another nice little roundup showing that the number of false positives in research is disturbingly large. The incentive to uncover these are small because the rewards of reinvestigating other people's data is generally small in a world of publishing or perish 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

This book is a defence of attack ads and negativity in politics. It includes the best, worst, and most counter-productive attack ads broadcast all time to illustrate its points brilliantly. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice little roundup from the Guardian on scientific fraud, which is far wider than previously thought. The key driver of this fraud is the publish or perish motivations of academics before and after they get tenure. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice little summary of the history of diplomatic spying, much of it which is for economic advantage.  

At the 2009 G20 meetings in London, the British intelligence agency GCHQ set up fake internet cafes for delegates to use in order to log their keystrokes. If you are dumb enough to use an Internet cafe for official business, you deserve to be spied on. 




 There is a massive difference between rowdy protest at a public meeting, and ambushing a politician while dining with his family. 




 Then why does Pres Obama supports charter schools? 




 yes both Being found guilty on appeal against the not guilty verdict as well as being found not guilty appeal against a guilty verdict can happen in the civil law systems 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

The discussion of the complex way in which personality traits interact with political dispositions. Questions not asked include:

1. People become more conservative in their voting as they get older that their personalities stabilise at 30;

2. Women change their vote more often than men, depending on whether their married divorce, single parents or have children because of the demand for social insurance. How was this connected to personality traits? 




 Guilty at trial,  won 1st appeal,  lost final appeal 




 Who said that 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT 

a nice little article pointing out how ignorant the media are of the law. 

Our intrepid reporters do not understand the concept of on bail pending further appeal. 




 she is on bail pending appeal 




 she is on bail pending appeal 




 The flaw in the reasoning about administrative costs been at driver of higher costs in America is competition.

Leaving to one side the Federal prohibition against interstate competition in health care plans, and any state mandates as to what must be in ill health care plan, two considerable asides, all the is saying is there is an entrepreneurial opportunity to win business in health insurance by offering simple plans that are cheap to administer.

The extent that administratively complex plan survive in competition rather than because of mandates, suggest that consumers are willing to pay for whatever they buy. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice summary of the reasons for higher health costs in the USA by the most experienced health economist around. 




 Very true. It still has a craps website. Few know of it. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A nice op-ed by Robert Aumann explaining how the blackmailers paradox bedevils Middle East peace negotiations as well as a path to get out of it. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice interview with Robert Aumann about his views on how those who want peace must prepare for war and be patient and willing to walk away from the negotiating table. 




 The conman had access to the official plates 




 Mine was a New Zealand mobile 




 When was that? 




 I did not face a paywall 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

Nice summary by Bryan Caplan of his writings on his theory of voting as rational irrationality 




 Are you aware of the far more extreme views of some of his coalition partners such as the those made up of emigres from Russia 




 Read somewhere that 74% of government employees in Canada are unionised as compared to about 15% of private employees. That makes a big difference to headline comparisons that do not make this distinction 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Part of a series in the Guardian on science and the green moment.

This entry makes it a good case in my mind that the green movement is somewhat selective in its use of science 




 Isn't that the point. a national single-payer system still involves denial of service and people dying in the queue. 




 I read somewhere that the 8% success rate is similar to sitting down with a good friend and having a discussion over the fact that you drink a bit too much and that is really harming your friends and family 




 Interesting, I didn't know that the public sector was so unionised in Canada. That is ignored in the international comparison.

Indeed any international comparison of unionisation should always split out the public sector in the private sector to have any use whatsoever 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A new study looks at the peaks of different types of cognitive abilities over a lifespan.

Apparently, them young whippersnappers got a good memory for information, but we oldies have a better vocabulary, and superior judgement 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice article about the extent to which lazy statistics intrude into public policy. 

More than a few statistics published by breathless journalists run into the problem that more people in the community have been a victim of a crime or some other more misfortune than there are actual people in that community with the relevant demographic characteristics be it by age or whatever.  




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

No one doubts the sincerity of Alcoholics Anonymous and those who participate and organise that movement. This article argues that its treatment programme has simply been overtaken by events and more effective options are available.

This is important both in terms of coping with alcoholism and the fact that some people are required to attend Alcoholics Anonymous as part of sentences imposed by courts. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Nice little myth buster explaining that although gerrymanders has a bit of a role, there are many other reasons why the American electorate is so polarised. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

This is a nice roundup of the law and economics as well is the politics of financial market regulation in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis 




 The peltzman effect is well established. Originally,  safety equipment allow you to do what otherwise would not be attemped at all rather than marginal increase in risk taking. 




  Eurozone countries spend more on food too than USA 




 yes, can't compete on costs 




 The test was administered to a range of Harvard students. None of them completed it in 10 minutes
see http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2831095/Harvard-students-sit-1964-Louisiana-Literacy-Test-black-voters-pass-allowed-polls-single-person-FAILED.html 




 I thought state by state popular referendums had a lot to do with the decriminalisation of marijuana medical and other purposes 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Great roundup by great sociologists of the current position of the inner city black men 




 hard enough to even understand all the questions, much less answer them 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

An instructive wargame played at the Pentagon in 2004 rather ably demonstrated the folly of war with Iran. 




 They have no trouble finding volunteers from firing squads 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice essay by Matthew Ridley on the case for fossil fuels and how is not going anywhere any time soon 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A nice reminder of about how D-Day was a rather close run thing 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

An excellent case for the transpacific partnership by fine labour economist, David Autor 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A marvellous roundup of trends in oil prices over the last hundred more years with great graphics and excellent analysis 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

This is a brilliant review by Brad Delong of a biography of Milton Friedman published some years ago 




 20% of population is undatable 




 Good point 




 True, but the essay itself was a good  summary of the case for disinvesting.  




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT 

a nice little essay on the latest way in which small countries can trade on their sovereignty. Quite surprised that some of these passports for sale can get you visa-free access to 132 countries 




 Sounds like Seinfeld's law 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A good list of replies to criticisms of fossil fuel disinvestment. It can't seem to make up its mind that about what it's trying to do.

In the end, the purpose is to bring moral pressure against self-interest, which is a real stayer in human affairs. You can always rely upon self-interest to keep on trying right to the end of the race. 




 yes, In 2008, Clinton showed she was a bit of a battered old warhorse who had accumulated a lot of enemies, battle scars and was rather slippery with the truth and what she actually stood for. 




 Peace treaties usually bring an end to matters such as reparations and draw a line under all claims, be they public and private 




 Germany paid war reparations to Greece in about 1960. Naturally, Greek politicians stole it and hardly anything filtered down to ordinary people 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice discussion about how ISIS is more a rabble that happens to survive because of the lack of unity among its enemies which include the Iraqi government government and its army that runaway, but there has many other enemies as well. 




 A friend found that acupuncture help with his knee pain as well 




 The control group would be taking actual medicine 




 Marijuana has active ingredients in it. 

Homoeopathic tablets etc have no active ingredients 




 Yes, there's only so much you can capture in a title 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

This is a fine summary of the work on the Dunning Kruger effect by Dunning himself explaining that people lack the ability to recognise their own limitations, principally through overconfidence. 

To recognise you lack skills such as in the rules of grammar, you must have extensive knowledge of the rules of grammar to realise you don't know the rules of grammar.  




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Deirdre McCloskey, in this great book review, argues that Industrial Revolution just got along just fine, despite quite endemic government corruption. Something to ponder. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

Fair Trade-certified coffee is growing in consumer familiarity and sales, but strict certification requirements are resulting in uneven economic advantages for coffee growers and lower quality coffee for consumers. 

By failing to address these problems, industry confidence in Fair Trade coffee is slipping. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice summary of Robert Putman's latest thinking. I don't agree with him but have some great data and interesting arguments 




 Yes, the guy who wrote this diatribe forgot to check all the studies of the voting habits of economists 




 A long discussion of Irish politics during the Troubles. 

Some of the tactics of the British intelligence were quite clever such as running a discount dry-cleaning service to detect bomb-making residue on clothes. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

Another contribution to a complicated debate about sources of distrust of science across the political spectrum 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice Roundup of reviews on a hot button issue 




 Political management. Clinton is known for running a pretty chaotic show

what did she gained from setting herself up for criticism like this?

she has a habit of scoring too many own goals 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A delightful little essay for constitutional pedants, legal pedants and those who want to know what the Logan Act when it is mentioned, which is frequently. A law honoured in the breach 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A nice summary of the case against performance reviews, and in particular how they are often badly run by people who focus on the negative rather than act as cheerleaders.

Peter Drucker argued that the task of a manager is to make strengths productive. I find the performance reviews focuses are not what you're good at, but what your bad at. 




 Rupert Murdoch's shifts with the political winds and is always sure to be the new best friend of the next Prime Minister. 




 I agree. I'm not a morning person. Let the morning, people drive to work in the dark. Might put a damper on that horrible cheerfulness they have at the breakfast table 




 see https://acesflyinghigh.wordpress.com/2012/03/17/intercepting-the-bear/ for file you want 




 By the way, the author is a transsexual Libertarian 




 The demand for most cars above that of a small medium sedan could be explained by people wanting to drive and seen to be driving a big expensive car. They are status vehicles.

Male midlife crises would have no meaning if you couldn't buy an expensive sports car and drive it around 




 A hell of a lot of people of all ages like driving their cars. Also, driverless sports cars are a contradiction in terms.

For men, investing in a shiny red sports car or some other status display has advantages to them in the marriage and dating market 




 Explained about 30 years ago by Jacob mincer  the rate of depreciation on human capital during career interruptions is much higher in some careers rather than others.

For example, an IT scientist will be completely out of date, If they take four years off. If your specialty is history or literature, nothing much changes.  




 Do you mean to say that the insurance companies are not charging the profit maximising insurance price at the moment in these other lines of business? 




 Put bluntly, STEM is a poor occupational choice given the skill sets of men and women as they go to college 




 yes, they do seem to be flying target practice 




 What about metal fatigue after 90 years of flying 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A nice piece of myth busting about daylight saving, which happens to be very popular where I live.  




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice summary of the contemporary relevance of Machiavelli 




 know any unbiased sources? 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Another great essay by Christine Hohh Sommers on gender politics and child rearing 




 Karl Popper observed that the motives of researcher don't matter. What matters is the quality of the critical discussion of what they have said.

Knowledge grows through critical discussion, not studying the biographies of the speakers.
 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

Nice essay about how Boys are now being left behind are becoming the second sex  




 no progress at all!! 




 very true, especially during elections 




 Very interesting essay on the rise of women to the top of the corporate ladder.

The underlying research quoted in the paper shows that if you control for background (i.e. skills and talent) and exit (i.e. women staying in the workforce) women earn more than men and get more aggressively promoted than men in corporate ladders. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Very interesting essay on the rise of women to the top of the corporate ladder. 

The underlying research quoted in the paper shows that if you control for background (i.e. skills and talent) and exit (i.e. women staying in the workforce) women earn more than men and get more aggressively promoted than men in corporate ladders. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Great essay discussing when colonisation was a private enterprise 




 Yes, food riots within a couple years was a rather demanding 




 My first job was working in a bank. Serving the public back when everyone came into the bank because it was before ATMs, was I was quite shocked by the lack of manners and morals of some people 




 There are a number of economic journal articles on acting white And on oppositional identities 




 Agreed 




 Fryer leads literature on economics of oppositional identities 




 I find these arguments about education in inequality rather puzzling considering I'm old enough to have gone to university with plenty of people who are the first member of their family to get passed high school 




 Compensating differentials lives! 




 Indian curries are now the most popular foods in Britain so that was a gap in the article that was not mentioned. Also, that undermines your point about vegetarianism a bit 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

The latest oppressed minority is coming forward. Apparently a wage premium of 5-10% for full beauty in the labour market is not enough compensation. 




 Quite correct. There are some fanatics in it but a considerable number of opportunists too, apparently the majority fall into this category. 




 Thanks, perhaps the biggest worry is the political parties seem to be outbidding themselves into how hire the contribution rate can go.

There is no recognition that the maximum contribution you could possibly need for your retirement may have already been reached. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice reminder of the 1960s and that the Apollo program was incredibly expensive for its time. Something that is forgotten in retrospect, especially when it's put forward as a rationale for further public investment in incredibly expensive science projects. 




 I actually disagree with the Australian system which I used to be subject to. 

First, people save far too much for their retirement. So much so, that they'll be wealthier in their retirement, if they make it that far, than they were during their working lives.

Secondly, there are required to save for their retirement before they have bought other basic things such as a car and a house deposit.

The practical upshot of the Australian system is that low paid workers save for their own retirement rather than rely on an means tested old age pension that would be funded by taxes on the middle-class. These low paid workers are in the peculiar position of having retirement savings but not enough savings to buy a house. 




 There is no pay wall when I read it 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A nice discussion of recent issues of capital taxation, including that the optimal rate of taxation on income from capital is zero 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

This is a great roundup of the pros and cons of cities and states entering the global subsidy market and a race to the bottom 




 SUMMARY STATEMENT.

There is a plan behind this accumulation of enemies. 




 This is actually excellent news. People in developing countries are more likely to die diseases of developed countries rather than diseases that are unknown in developed countries. 




 I think wireless charging will just be a major boom for the market for tinfoil for the tinfoil hat brigade 




 Merv Hughes was one of the funniest cricketers of his time and that was back when cricketers had big personalities and weight problems too. 




 Pluto had so many supporters that a separate category was invented called planetoid as I recall when it was downgraded so that their opposition would be tempered. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

More science research grants for proving the bleeding obvious. 

Anyone who has some capacity for emotional insight into family, friends and read the odd novel would have worked this out long long time ago 




 good one 




 Many libertarians support the death penalty 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A great summary of the case for drug legalisation by Gary Becker and Kevin Murphy. The chart on the devastation that the drug war is having on law and order  and governance, south of the border is well put 




 Great photo 




 A cornered North Korea is far more dangerous than a cornered Iran principally because North Korea presumably has a lot of chemical and biological weapons. 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice antidote to all those who spend time North Korean watching because they are some sort of threat. 




 I'm not sure firing a pistol in the air repeatedly is particularly safe as the bullets have to come down somewhere 




 I've never seen any reference to this Icelandic beer ban in any of the prohibition literature 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

The title of the article says it all, and it is a very valid question. 




 Did not come up as posted when I post at almost same time as other post. 




 Westbro is full of lawyers careful to stay within the law, winning in supreme court on what they do.  




 Interesting discussion of the costs and benefits of medical screening, which some people are very keen on as a way of saving money in the health sector 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT

A reply to a discussion of ISIS that was posted also on TrueReddit about a week ago. 




 True 




 Articles include:
The Libertarian Delusion
Robert Kuttner
The free-market fantasy stands discredited by events. The challenge now: redeeming effective and democratic government.

Why Economists Cling to Discredited Ideas
Jeff Madrick
Free-market economists may be at odds with reality, but it fits the needs of the rich and the powerful.

The Perils of Privatization
Ann Hagedorn
As Blackwater showed, many of the efficiencies are spurious, because contractors cut corners.

Why Markets Cant Price the Priceless
Joan Fitzgerald
It takes government planning to promote rational conservation and use of water.

Markets, States, and the Green Transition
Fred Block
To get renewable energy technologies into broad use, government needs to promote both supply and demand. Markets are too risk-averse.

Hating the Hand That Enriches You
Roger Lowenstein
What interests me is why so many successful investors are so bitterly aligned against the agency [the Federal Reserve] that, arguably, single-handedly revived the capitalist system 




 It is better to be misconstrued than ignored. 




 There were discussions of this in various places last year. Apparently natural born means born to a US citizen anywhere. 




 My previous news link was on the hypocrisy of senator cruz 




 Kidney failure from dehydration 




 kidney failure from The associated dehydration 




 Justice Samuel Alito, Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas all dissented.  




 see also http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/01/16/the-impact-of-body-cameras-on-police-brutality/ 




 I read somewhere that requiring police to wear cameras on their lapels reduced police complaints for excessive force accepted by 70% 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT
addressed many of the issues raised by Edward Luttwaks article Toward Post-Heroic Warfare (Foreign Affairs. 1995), but also brought more recent issues to light in the course of five sessions: (1) Heroism and Self-Sacrifice, (2) Casualty Aversion, (3) Casualty Avoidance, (4) Combat Motivation, and (5) the potential transition from Heroes to Victims.  




 Healthcare is a labour-intensive industry in a well-paid country that also funds pharmaceuticals and operations far more frequently than the waiting lists in Europe.

Have you made this comparison on a purchasing power parity basis? 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A surprising amount of analysis of Libya seems to suggest that we should dig up Col Gadaffi and putting him back in power or at least it was a bad idea that he was overthrown.

Rather reminiscent of the 1980s neoconservative analysis of Latin America where people preferred the right-wing tyrant they knew rather the left-wing tyrant they didn't know from the future. 




 I thought inflation was a monetary phenomena? 




 I thought poor people in America were already eligible for Medicare, Medicaid or CHIPS? 




 What's your evidence than single payer reduces costs? 




 Go China 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

A nice summary from a few years ago of the pros and cons of efficient markets and active versus passive investment 




 The number of times I've had to put up with denunciations of economics is the spawn of neoliberalism  wish I had a dollar for every time that happened at parties. 




 Search and matching frictions on steroids 




 The author is now the Greek Finance Minister 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT
I think this analysis is overrated, but it is still worth reading regarding the interactions between psychology, personality traits and political preferences 




 Certainly true in the case of people on low and ordinary pay. 

On the other hand, I know hairdressers who are subject to noncompete agreements in the same area as where they used to worked so they don't take away the customers of their old salon. 




  every major employer forms a de facto cartel 

How many people belong to this cartel? Is the cartel stable or unstable? How was this cartel deal with cheating, defection and new entry?
 




 The low paid workers, do you really think it's worth the litigation costs? 




 david Friedman argues on this that
"the employer who insists on an employee signing a non- competition agreement will find that he must pay, in additional wages or other terms of employment, the cost that the agreement imposes upon the employee, as measured by the employee and revealed in his actions.

It follows that the employer will insist on such an agreement only if he believes that its value to him is greater than its cost to the employee The contract is designed, after all, with the objective of getting the other party to sign it." 

see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/11/21/some-economics-of-zero-hours-contracts-part-1-concepts-definitions-and-initial-puzzles/ 




 did not know that http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/how-bulgaria-saved-its-jews-from-nazi-concentration-camps/2013/05/08/e866bdda-8cb1-11e2-9838-d62f083ba93f_story.html 




 Jeff Milyo gives a great summary 




 The author might got a bit further  by looked at the rat race aspects of academic tenure  the need to publish or perish and work a hundred hours a week in your late 20s and 30s when starting a family might be a consideration.

What is the ratio of male to female economists outside of academia? 

An analysis which particular fields prominent female economists work in might be interesting, including linking it to depreciation rates of occupational human capital, while taking time out of the workforce. 




 Weddings are extremely expensive in India. Obviously so much so, that your marry anyone by the time you get to the altar 




 Notice how few in Denmark fell victim 




 A most unusual headline. 




 Love the headline. Does the Washington Post think Walmart got as far as it did on the basis of some other motivation and business strategy 




 Median voter theorem explains all as does directors' law 




 SUBMISSION STATEMENT.

Great roundup of all the issues by the leading labour economist working in the area 




 Danny DeVito is also very good actor and in this case explains the economics perfectly 




 Ethical investing funds versus investment in vice industry funds 
























