 That's hot. 









 What's the funny part? I'm not getting it. 




 I love that it's on clearance too... 




 It's probably vacuum sealed with pimento cheese. Pop the seal on that shit and you'll get sucked the fuck in! 




 Her vagina scares me. 









 *doe- a deer, a female deer. 




 I'm with you on this... All for a little bit of karma... Awww it's so cute!!! Yeah and will be dead in 3 days because some dumbass picked it up for a few upvotes. 




 She looks kinda freaked.  




 Exactly what I need for my oral fixation! 




 Neither can I!  




 Yup... Exactly... Crazy... 




 Where else are there still video stores? Haha! 




 Yes indeed! 









 Old school Rj. Nice! 




 See cool_bowties comment below. :) 




 OMG!!! He's talking about me! 




 You should lick it. 




 Linguine. 




 Everyone needs a little vajazzle in their life. 




 Thank you! She snapped both the radius and ulna. Had to have 3 surgeries to get it completely straightened out. 




 That's exactly what it reminded me of!!! 





























 Haha! I don't know! When I wiped off all the sauce, it stained his face that color. The camera makes it look more yellow than it actually is, it's really more orange. Wish I would've thought to take a pic BEFORE! He looked like he had a busted nose! 









 Indeed! A must see, must tag, if you're ever driving through! 









 What the hell is coming out of his crotch??? 




 I just found out I have a sister a year ago, I'm 32 and she's 28... I would NEVER refer to her as my half sister. 




 Bigwords.com is a comparison site. It lists all the sites that has that particular book in stock and how much they are selling it for or how much they are buying it back for, including half.com. It insures you are getting the best deal possible. 









 As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... There is a website called bigwords.com, it lists all the textbook cos and there prices for the books you need, new and used, as well as sell back prices. If you keep your books in good condition, you can sell back your books with free shipping for waaaay more than the local bookstore. There are also some sites that have stores near campus that you can print off your invoice and walk in to the store to get the online price or cash. It saddens me that most college students are unaware of this. 




 I love it when they do that!!! 









 I was actually on that exact ship in October. It was a real shit hole before it became an actual shit hole... 




 That was so sweet, it almost made me tear up... Almost... :) 




 Leonidas, thinking about how the hell to get that damn jacket off... 




 Weird. 




 this belongs in /r/wtf... because WTF????? 









 What's a writter? 




 All the time!!! 




 Oh he gets allllll the ladies... 









 Repost... 




 I wanna pull on it's tongue. 




 Why would I have to pay for a threesome? 




 Apparently they think they are just that awesome... 
























 This post is a turtle, so what's up with all the fucking bears??? 




 As a single mother, this made my jaw drop. I would never, in a million years, even consider doing something like this!!!  




 It's like, " Oh girl, I just got my child support in, lets go to the club... The comedy club..." What??? 









 Such a dapper fellow. 




 It's still good for a laugh... :) 




 Oh! I had to put in my hearing aid! Got it! 




 At a what? 




 I laughed waaaay too hard at this!!! Thank you!!! 




 I completely agree! Nothing but smiles and tears with this one! 
Heart = Warmed 




 Haha! No! I eat them by two's... 




 Everything I do must be done in even numbers. It seriously pisses me off when I'm eating M Ms and there's an odd number in the bag, or anything else for that matter!! 




 Such a happy puppy! 




 This makes me happy! 




 AWE! Thank you! 




 Yes! She does! But not for breakfast... 




 Tears! OMG! TEARS!!! That was horribly hilarious!!! 




 Every time 




 You keep leaving her at my house, she won't be your puppy for much longer... ;) 




 We just tack her leash to the ceiling... She works great as a fan! 




 That made me laugh out loud!!!  




 Love it! 




 She's the cutest thing I've ever seen! 




 This is Riley. My bf's 7 week old golden retriever. I am just crazy about her!! 





























 Yes. Yes, I did... 




 It's self mutilation... I was looking at piercings, clicked a link, and another... and ended up on the most fucked up site I've ever seen... THEN THIS!  




 You are so very welcome. 




 I did a search and it did not come up anywhere... 









 I love pointers! I have a 4 yr old... He's still all puppy to me! :) 




 Love is beautiful and tumuluous... I hope you find peace and love again. 














 Probably because you order it that way... 




 I believe the breed is "magical." 




 If you believe... It will be... 









 That's exactly what I came to say. My daughter had something that started off like this two weeks ago. I thought it was a brown recluse bite, turned out to be cellulitis... Got really bad, really fast. 2 trips to the ER, 2 trips to the doctor, and a 3 day stay at a children's hospital. VERY scary! 




 I found this stuck in my bf's door last week... It was a Jehovah's Witness church invitation. 




 And you're completely sane, browsing r/wtf expecting to see rainbows and butterflies... 




 "In your experience..." Either you're a gay man or your husband's been with a lot of gay men... 




 Sure it's the keyboard and not the user? 




 I'm sorry. :(  




 Because there are lots of dogs with their weiners out??? 




 Handsomely derpy. 




 Are you a hoarder?? Geez! 




 Someone just stole your pic and reposted... http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1b826x/the_fuck_you_doin/ 




 You seriously stole this from someone who posted it just a few hours ago... WTF??? http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1b7mip/my_cat_just_will_not_let_me_pet_her_its_torture/ 




 That's what I'm talkin bout!!! =D 
























