 i rather it not have multiplayer. 




 thats sweet i love Army of two 




 my grandfather bought a Playstation 2 at a yardsale and found this game. i use to play it so much that when i remembered it i looked it up. My friend owns a gamestore and found it, i bought it off of him for 7 dollars 




 I know right i love dominion  









 My boss did that in 3 months. I remember when he lost the one challenge like 25 times in a row he almost threw a controller at a customer 




 I know that feel i did it with a truck and my friend kept walking over my care and using it as a personal bridge.
What system are you playing on 














 I mean like a song that is not on a soundtrack. But i love 117 too. 




 Do you mind if i use this as my background i put it on and IT IS PERFECT. great drawing by the way you should do more or record yourself and post it. Id like to see what other stuff you can draw.  




 What song that is not a fan made song do you halo fans think fits halo 4 the best. I love halo but i just can't find the perfect song to listen to at the midnight release. Suggestions
7 MORE DAYS 




 The one thing i hate is that i went on the song Back in Black and the comments are spammed by cod fans. Saying people only know this song because of CoD. 




 thanks I was wondering why he already won a prize. 




 when i was a kid my brother really liked WWE. I watched it all the time with him. I first memory was of stone cold steve austin getting thrown off a bridge. I had a VHS tape about stone cold steve austin that i watched everyday. Good memories...WWE is the one way i will remember my great grandfather and grandfather. We would watch it every week together. 




 Im waiting to watch it because you get it on a dvd with the limited edition But u am really tempted to watch it. 









 Nice!!! 




 Great song 




 I think they should add so that if you kill a spartan while you're the flood, then the spartan will convert on the spot doing like an animation of pain and after a couple of seconds he'll be up and ready to infect some more. Of course the other survivors will be able to kill the spartan while he is in the transformation and stop him from turning. He will then get a medal and the infected will just respawn somewhere else. 




 I love Rage 




 Who got limited edition i think it's totally worth it 




 Its just not in its prime any more is what he is saying 




 Im on episode 168 of original series. I havent watched naruto for a long time so i wanted to start the original series first. Are the fillers worth watching i feel as if ill miss something 




 Do you have Xbox 




 i have money just need a game to hold me over till Halo 4 because i paid halo 4 off. I loved the first one but just wasn't sure if i wanted it. 




 Slayer is amazing my friends always make fun of me for all the slayer shirts i wear 




 SLAYER FUCK YEA 
























 Orion by Metallica 




 The cruelest dream, reality!!! 




 Brandon OD'd and died 




 He just plays guitar and smokes a lot of pot. 




 My first was Americana. Ixnay on the Hombre is the only album i don't have. But i listened to it and love it. 




 Im pretty sure Everybody thought of the offsrping.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw 




 Instead she dropped out and had a couple of Kids. 




 It is a great game. I love it 




 I want the classic feel of playing it on SNES. 




 I think when it becomes summer i'll try yard sales. I don't trust Ebay and Amazon over prices stuff. Earthbound is $20,000 on their new.  




 Nope Wrestle mania 2000 




 It's fine i know way to much already because of my damn friend. 




 Spoiler...
sorry i just started watching Naruto again. I'm on episode 104. after i watched the entire original series. 




 I still don't understand how Naruto was still a genin. He beat Kiba and Neji in the Exams. Explain that to me if possible. 




 This is truly amazing. I love that Bungie would do that. 




 I actually do the same thing sometimes.  




 YES!! 




 I love most of the maps i wish they would add Grifball or at least make some of the game modes Permanent. 









 One of my favorite songs by them 




 these pictures are starting to become annoying 




 Im still debating if i should get dishonored or Hitman what do you think is better? 




 Banjo kazooie and conkers bad fur day if you can find those as well 




 yea sorry about that 




 yea sorry for that bad quility guys 




 it sucks they dont work on flat screen T.Vs 




 he would also need to find one of those damn expansion pack. I can never get a cheap one. 




 i never really played multiplayer i always played it singleplayer. 
























 That needs to be a thing. 




 I use them as mini posters 




 Its my birthday too and I share a similar problem.  Happy birthday 




 I love N.H.K 




 Thank you 




 Thank you. I really needed someone to say something.  




 Anti-Flag. They may have started in the nineties but, they are still going strong In my opinion.  




 I'm actually on episode 4 and so far its ok. I hope it picks up. 




 Please help. 




 Thank you. I'm also a bit new to this sub reddit so I didn't know. 




 Exactly, that's how i feel. 




 Master of Medals be pulling your stings. -medallica 




 Yea that's what I thought. Since it evolves and has an egg.  




 This may be a stupid question but is Volcarona a legendary. You do encounter it like a legendary Pokemon but... 




 Oh.... 









 They need to make it for android... 




 That's really cool. You made it? 




 Thanks dude. I actually really like these. 




 I can't find any good Rakdos wallpapers,  can someone help? 




 Ok. I have been playing for about 2 months. Got all the basics and im actually decent. Recently I got Obzedat Ghost council and I need help with a deck to use it in. I was going to throw it into my exalted deck till I get more cards but I really need a deck type that works with it. Please help 




 Thanks dude! Helps a lot. Ill have to get some return to ravnica too. 




 Oh. So I probably should have gotten return to ravnica first. What guilds are in that? 




 Im pretty new to magic.  I've been playing for about 2 months. Today I decided to order a fat pack for gatecrash. Can anybody give me a better understanding of the set. I already know all the basics of magic and such I just want to know a bit more about gatecrash. I only know that it works with multi colored cards 




 YES
I made this post a month ago but no one remembered it. I used to love this game. 




 I'm not sure if i should watch them or not. Do they have any meaning or importance. Please respond!! 




 Pokemon Stadium. 99 Stocks. Only Item Pokeballs. That or the Earthbound Stage. 




 Orion would fit it better. 
























 Etna remains untouched
 




 I noticed that as well, It seem like I can never play on the maps that I like. I'm usually confined to the same maps. 




 I play/played Halo reach a lot, and it seems as if more people play reach than 4. Thank you though. Going to pop it in now. 




 I picked up the Limited edition Halo 4 on the release date and after a couple months stopped playing it completely. Is anyone really playing it anymore? If so, is the game balanced and/or glitchy. I want to get back into Halo 4, but I'm not too sure if It's worth it. 
I do believe Halo 4 was a good game, just did not keep the same vibe past Halos did. 




 Yes, certainly is. For some reason i relate to the video and brought me a sense of understanding through myself. 




 I know it doesn't exactly describe depression, but the video "scarfy" has been a favorite of mine for awhile 




 It makes me happy to hear that. Keep up the work. I'm proud of you.  




 I'm scared to feel happy. As if happiness will be my greatest downfall.  




 I hope that you can too get better. I wish the world wouldn't have to live in misery.  




 Not necessarily, I'm quite alone. I only have online friends and 2 friends in real life. 

 




 *background* Been depressed since I was very young. I suffer from isomnia, anxiety, social anxiety, and clinic depression. I've been extremely suicidal in the past 8 months. Tried to kill myself 3 times, but failed. Anxiety attacks are very common and I usually stress over every little thing. My paranoia makes me afraid to go outside anymore. 

For some reason I'm very afraid of healing. I feel as if it's a part of me and without it my other problems would overwhelm me. I've tried to got to counseling, but broke it off after 2 sessions. I never take medication because I'm scared of side affects.

I'm tired of feeling so down, but yet I do nothing to heal. I just end up laying in my dark room. I feel so pathetic. As if I don't deserve to get better. 

I just wanted to know, am I the only one that's afraid to heal? 




 Sound types maybe. A lot of pokemon could fit into it already.  




 GAMEstop
 




 New mega evolution confirmed! 




 Saying that is basically saying that all "enter metal genre here" are only creeps who are only angry and want to scream about violence. That's an assumption people make right? Its obviously not true.
You make assumptions that all music from that genre is emo bullshit, but yet you're judging it by mainstream bands.
It like calling all thrash metal satanic bullshit because slayer sung about this once, or all death metal is about murder because cannibal corpse sung about this (I know bad example).

I'm sorry but it angers me when people classify a whole genre by a mainstream band. 
Btw I'm not making those assumptions, just examples from what I've heard before. 




 Kakuna and metapod doe 




 Done. I liked the survey and glad to help. 




 Wallace wells 




 Mind explaining what's going on my friend? 




 It took me a second to realize that 




 its 3: 29 AM
I look out my window at the hot crowded street above
I notice i feel cold and alone
used up like an old bottle
no deposit, no return
people live and die in these apartment compartments
no deposit, no return
dust falls silently
why cant i?
no deposit, no return

I just wanted to share this. I did not write this. 




 Thank you. Will that affect my current gen. Consol and cabel? 




 No battle toads.  




 How do I do the aspect ratio thing? (I sound really stupid, I just don't have much knowledge on televisions) 




 Like, it being blurry doesn't bother me as much as the cut-off borders. 




 I'm sorry if this does not belong here, but recently i set up my old gamecube on my 42'' Vizio, and the picture is very blurry. Not only is it blurry, the borders are messed up. Ex. The damage meter(or whatever it is called) on Super Smash brothers. It Is out of the picture. This makes it sorta difficult to play certain games. How do you fix this?
Sorry if this doesn't belong here. If needed direct me where to go for help. 




 Hahaha 




 I too have sung Death's praise
Life is the only thing worth living for
Life is simply as it states.
I know it has its ups and downs and, trust me I still have my problems but it eventually eases up. Find something that simply calms you and helps you enjoy life. (Ex. Music is what i vented through) The belief of no point us the death's praise. Do not sing that song. Just think about it. Think about what hasn't been done and, what will create a reason for life. Hopefully we all can find our meaning in this sadistic world eh? 
























