 I'll never begin to understand the people in those comments. Even the direst homophobes shouldn't want a portion of the population not to get healthcare. It boggles the mind how people can hate so strongly. 














 We believe the HBP is not a well conceived or implemented project and that it is ill suited to be the centerpiece of European neuroscience.

Ouch. Wonder how that'll affect the US Brain Project...  









 ...in 2012. Love it. 




 Scumbag BICEP team. Getting us all excited over nothing. 




 It's amazing that these robots are realistic and detailed enough to "fool" real animals. In a way, this is also a victory for materials science...   









 TIL: Curiosity was in fact the first rover to ever die from cancer. 




 Wait, I thought all cosmic radiation was EM radiation. This is going to suck for Mars One.  




 Here's the original scientific paper: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24724938 



























































 ...but nobody lost quite as spectacularly as the sage grouse. 




 TBH, I haven't read all 178 pages yet... 




 A lot of those documents were actually declassified in 1977. Here you go: http://www.nytimes.com/packages/pdf/national/13inmate_ProjectMKULTRA.pdf 




 Hm. Decent point. Maybe we should. If the private sector would agree to fund the research, I can definitely see why we'd be better off without linking science to government money.    




 For more than two weeks many American scientists couldnt share their findings with the international scientific community or participate in joint research projects abroad. Government shutdown not only stifled U.S. researchit set back our foreign collaborators, too.

That's why. 




 Losing two weeks of data collection during a critical research period or two weeks of a key experiment that took months or years to set up will have repercussions for years

...And I thought shutting off the National Zoo's panda cam was bad.   




 It's crazy that a guy like Culberson can be so into NASA and yet so ignorant when it comes to environmental science.  









 I feel like a story about gecko-inspired gloves comes out every month. But apparently this one actually works (!). Crazy video. 




 I wonder how this impacts studies of video game violence. Does COD teach violence *faster* than, say a violent television show? Interesting.  



















 "We look at these old Archaean crusts, for instance, and we dont see the features that characterize subduction," Rey says.

It's a model that confirms physical evidence. Read the article (and the study, for that matter).  














 Yup. The NASA Centennial Challenge might help them fix that... 


































 It's gone down 0.1 pH. It's now 7.9 to 8.2. 




 There is one right answer. It is this one. ^

*pronounced Ehn-Cel-Lay-Dee-Ans 




 We can't know with just Cassini. When Cassini was sent out the idea that Enceladus of all places would look even marginally interesting (life-wise) was laughable.  














 Sounds like it would look like some sort of cross between Lucy and Homo habilis... so sorta ape plus caveman? 




 Fair enough.

And when you tally how much money every Star Trek movie grossed collectively since 1979 (without correcting for inflation, we admit), its only slightly more than that one Transformers movie made at the box office.  




 That's a good point...the mirror test has some flaws. 

But note, rhesus monkeys have never passed the mirror test before. The study is interesting because these monkeys, which do not intrinsically understand mirrors, could *learn* to use them. That's promising, especially when you think of neurologic conditions that cause humans to fail the mirror test. If mirror recognition can be taught, perhaps therapy can help these people in the future.   




 ...says the biologist :P 




 Those Alberta servers are clearly not made to handle Redditors. 




 It turns out that cowbirds gauge their risk of death-by-truck based on distance, not speed.

So yeah, basically.  




 Robert Seyfarth, a psychology professor at the University of Pennsylvania and pioneer in the fields of animal behavior and learning, wrote in an e-mail. This is the first time that a professional linguist has tackled the data on call combinations in wild monkeys.

So at least from a research standpoint, it means that we may want to start examining animal calls through the lens of linguistics. That's a sort of revolutionary idea, since we tend to think of animals noises as "calls", rather than a language or a dialect with logic-based rules. It's an interesting new avenue for research.    









 I always think it's ironic that Greens cite scientific consensus for climate change, but ignore the equally compelling evidence that GMOs are safe. 

If you're on the side of science, stick with it. 




 WELL...the DoE lightbulb thing and the EXIM ban were honestly a bit draconian. It's one thing to charge companies extra for choosing the less environmentally friendly option, or to add taxes or incentives. But these were outright bans on investing in incandescent lightbulbs and coal-fired power plants. And the DoT light rail thing just shuts down current projects (the same senators who pushed for that rider are also working on new light rail projects as we speak).

The only thing that I see on your list that looks purely spiteful and "villain level" is the UN Climate Fund. Why the hell can't we let the poor guy fulfill his pledge to save the world?! 




 Even small farmers are notoriously bad for the environment. They all need to make money, especially the small ones, and so they often let their cash crops mess up normal crop cycles.   




 I mean, the good news is that these sorts of things can be easily reversed next year. They won't be...but they could be. Every year when it comes time to figure out appropriations, it's another opportunity. 




 It made the farmers pretty happy. It's strange, you usually think of farmers as being lovers of the land and pro-Earth etc...and then you take a look at the politics of it all, and notice that farmers are usually the ones pushing hardest against climate and land protection. Strange times.  




 Pres. Obama is not allowed to fulfill his pledge to give $3 billion to the United Nations Green Climate Fund, designed to spur other countries to respond to global warming.

...that can't be a good thing. 
























 Here's the abstract from the [original paper](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019103515002079)
"Relatively recent cometary impacts at the Moon could leave unique traces of their origins: high impact velocities and volatile abundances, combined with the presence of a dust- and ice-laden coma, may thermally and mechanically process the lunar surface in ways distinct from the impact of an asteroid. Here we analytically and numerically assess the consequences of a cometary impact at the Moon by considering the combined effects of a collision by the nucleus and inner coma. Our results show that cometary impacts entrain the finest fraction of lunar soil grains (10 m) over regional scales (1001000 km), produce large masses of vaporized material, and likely generate transient magnetic fields that could exceed the Earths surface field strength by a factor of 104. This combination of processes is consistent with a mechanism to generate lunar swirls: the diffuse, meandering disturbances in brightness and regolith texture that curl across much of the lunar far-side and are also commonly (but not exclusively) associated with magnetic anomalies. Previous observations of swirl features indicate that bright regions also possess a peculiar, altered regolith structure, which can be produced by the removal of fine soil grains. Regional scouring by an impacting comet explains both the structure and albedo variations: large dynamic pressures entrain the smallest grains within a near-surface flow of dusty plasma, disrupting the backscattering, fairy-castle structure of lunar soils in equilibrium with the airless environment. The resulting surface is brightened by compaction of the previously open, porous macrostructure. Darker lanes observed within swirl regions are interpreted as possible melt and/or vapor deposits. Finally, the intense magnetic fields generated during high-speed cometary impacts provide an explanation for correlations between swirl locations and magnetic anomalies." 



















 Never trust people who do yoga. 




 ...and they've believed no studies since then. I'm not optimistic either. 




 Here's the [original study](http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=2275444) published today in JAMA. Excerpt:
"A retrospective cohort study using an administrative claims database associated with a large commercial health plan. Participants included children continuously enrolled in the health plan from birth to at least 5 years of age during 2001-2012 who also had an older sibling continuously enrolled for at least 6 months between 1997 and 2012...In this large sample of privately insured children with older siblings, receipt of the MMR vaccine was not associated with increased risk of ASD, regardless of whether older siblings had ASD. These findings indicate no harmful association between MMR vaccine receipt and ASD even among children already at higher risk for ASD." 














 Original Source:
"Case 1: An Amputation Cover-Up. The Treatment: A new stem cell therapy that promises to restore blood flow in damaged legs. The Claim: All 26 patients in the study reported no significant clinical changes in either of their legs, beyond those caused by the stem cell treatment. The Fraud: FDA documents show that one of the patients had an entire foot amputated two weeks into the study. Thats a pretty serious omission, and it definitely constitutes a significant clinical change in the leg. No one bothered to correct or retract the faulty study, and the trial was considered a success.

[Stem Cell Trial](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22079876):
"This phase II clinical trial shows that the use of a combination cell therapy is safe and effective in increasing blood flow in the ischemic legs of patients with limb ischemia."
 




 Sort of. But not entirely.  
Our results demonstrate that the GNSS and INS navigational sensors built into consumer devices such as smartphones are capable of detecting surface displacements from moderate and larger earthquakes.

...what we generally call "cell phone GPS" is really a Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS...one type GNSS is GPS) plus Inertial Navigation Systems (INS). So the thing that most people think of as "GPS" include INS. In your cell phone, INS gets its position and velocity from the GPS satellite receiver and then calculates its own position based on motion sensors.


TL;DR: "Smartphone GPS"= GPS + INS.  




 Here's the abstract from the [original study](http://www.vocativ.com/culture/science/early-earthquake-warnings-smartphones-gps/):
Earthquake early warning (EEW) can reduce harm to people and infrastructure from earthquakes and tsunamis, but it has not been implemented in most high earthquake-risk regions because of prohibitive cost. Common consumer devices such as smartphones contain low-cost versions of the sensors used in EEW. Although less accurate than scientific-grade instruments, these sensors are globally ubiquitous. Through controlled tests of consumer devices, simulation of an Mw (moment magnitude) 7 earthquake on Californias Hayward fault, and real data from the Mw 9 Tohoku-oki earthquake, we demonstrate that EEW could be achieved via crowdsourcing. 









 Yeah, a lot of what you just said is wrong.
 
*Tidally locked*: No. Atmospheres can keep a planet twirling. Source: http://www.popularmechanics.com/space/deep-space/a33/earth-like-exoplanets-around-dwarf-stars/

*Strong magnetic fields*: This is often claimed alongside the 'fact' that Red Dwarfs also have more violent reactions. But both are only true for young Red Dwarfs. And those stars last for an incredibly long time, compared to our own star. 




 Goddamit!!! I confused browser tabs and accidentally deleted this post when it had 1,000 upvotes. 












































