 wat? 




 Why does it make matters worse that he's happily married?? 




 http://www.youtuberepeater.com/PlayMiniVideo?t=0 s=1 e=13 vol=90 v=TAryFIuRxmQ 




 I hitchhiked in Guatemala. It's kind of the way to get around - just jump in the back of the pick-up that they are invariably driving! Completely uneventful - it's honestly the taxi service when you get out in the country  




 As a student, you kind of have to accept that you will be asked to participate in ways - ways that you may not exactly enjoy or perhaps not see the value in. The best policy is to buck up and get to it. It will last a semester, and then you can go back to not participating on facebook. If you object to sharing personal information - then don't. Put the minimum up for participation in class and then delete afterwards. 




 My husband managed to get through all of law school by only buying one book (one that he actually wanted to keep). His secret? Interlibrary Loan.  




 The fuzzy gum drops showed up on a golf cart. Crowd immediately congregates. I snap some pictures and catch one of the first-responders who had touched one of the mascots. In the photo she is looking at her hand as though she had just gotten to touch Jesus Christ himself.  




 My family was at a Catholic festival next door to our house, and my dad was playing craps. My brother, probably about 4 at the time, yelled "COME ON, DADDY NEEDS A NEW PARACHUTE" 




 There was also an incident when I was in kindergarten where my mom had volunteered for a field trip and the teacher had written her name on the board. I came home and told my mom that the teacher had misspelled her first name, which is Amy. How had she spelled it? Mrs. 

I think it was the three letters that thew me... 




 Saw a Civil War chess set being advertised on tv (Limited Time Offer! Buy now!) and asked my mom what the "Silver War" was. 
 




 Just got back!! It was awesome! :) 




 Most of the witch hunts didn't happen during the medieval period/Middle Ages - it happened in the oh-so-enlightened Renaissance. The Malleus Maleficarum, (literally "Hammer of the Witches", and essentially a "how-to" manual for witch hunting) wasn't written until 1486, and subsequently published in 1487. It was helped on massively by the advent of printing in the West (1450s). It was so inflammatory even the Catholic Church condemned it as false in 1490. 




 Also ladygamer - I honestly sometimes just avoid multi-player altogether. I like to play after work to de-stress, and hearing an array of sexist insults (kitchen jokes on the low end of the spectrum here), getting hit on (uh just want to play my game, oh, and I'm married), and then being called a tease because I'm not interested is not exactly relaxing. I end up playing single player games just to avoid the abuse. Which I will be the first to recognize is not helping - but my evenings are precious and I don't want to spend them trailblazing.  




 I have flat feet which in turn cause an internal leg rotation which in turn equals ouch knees and hips. My doctor actually recommended that I sleep with a pillow between my knees! 




 I even have a puzzle of the center of the triptych :) 




 I have always loved this building and the behind the scenes tour is definitely worth it. Not shown in the post is some views from the catwalk that goes atop the entrance way (not inbetween the front windows) - it allows for a great view of the murals. Also, there is more to see in the president's office - perhaps I'm a nerd, but I thought the built-in file cabinets are sweet. Last but not least - the private dining rooms, especially the ceiling fresco of Cincinnati, but also the upper conference rooms that have been restored fully as well. 

Loved it so much I got married there a little over a month ago :) 




 China even falls under these same categories - it has a very large number of minority groups and have been ruled by a few of them over the many centuries. The whole conflict over Tibet is a great example of this. Whatever we may think most current nations really are "made up" and fabricated over centuries - even well established countries. Even countries isolated to an island have had multiple ethnic groups with multiple countries (Hello, Scotland succession!). Even Japan, a traditionally homogeneous gene pool have had it's conflicts (southern islands, Ainu, etc.).  




 At least in some states there is a committee that flags questionable vanity plates. A friend of mine interned there and had found one with "PONFAR" on it. She flagged it and then had to inform the entire committee about the Vulcan mating ritual. By all accounts they stared at her for about 30 seconds and let it through :) 




 I've been inspired - I would definitely love to attempt something like this soon! 




 Especially if you've seen Doctor Who - DON'T BLINK 




 And as always in art, the details have always been the difference between the real deal and a knock off.  




 More brutal...and she already has a boyfriend. 




 I have to put forth Jim Grobe at Wake for doing the  most with the least. I mean this in a broad sense of not just talent, but also dealing with resources. Let me explain:

Wake has never been known as a football powerhouse - hell, we're the third smallest FBS school (behind only Rice and Tulsa) with only 4,000 or so undergrad students. That's not a whole lot of alumni to draw from in terms of funding...they're dedicated; but it was pointed out in the Orange Bowl in 2006 (which they lost against Louisville), that if every living alumni and student went to Dolphin Stadium...they still wouldn't fill it up more than half way. 

So, they comparatively don't have the alumni base to donate the big money for the football program. Being a small private school also means that we don't have a ton of in-state or other fans just because...say like, UNC or OSU.

Secondly, Wake is a top 25 school that is highly competitive and academically very challenging. It's hard for dedicated athletes to keep up with both. And there are definitely not a whole lot of majors to "hide in". The classes sizes are very small and the faculty is not disposed in the slightest to give the athletes any extra leniency.

All of these things lead to smaller resources, and fewer opportunities to recruit top athletes. Yet somehow, Grobe has managed to make competitive teams with what he has.

TL;DR: With few monetary resources and an environment not conducive to big programs, Grobe has managed to make something out of nothing.  




 I have to put forth Jim Grobe at Wake for doing the  most with the least. I mean this in a broad sense of not just talent, but also dealing with resources. Let me explain:

Wake has never been known as a football powerhouse - hell, we're the third smallest FBS school (behind only Rice and Tulsa) with only 4,000 or so undergrad students. That's not a whole lot of alumni to draw from in terms of funding...they're dedicated; but it was pointed out in the Orange Bowl in 2006 (which they lost against Louisville), that if every living alumni and student went to Dolphin Stadium...they still wouldn't fill it up more than half way. 

So, they comparatively don't have the alumni base to donate the big money for the football program. Being a small private school also means that we don't have a ton of in-state or other fans just because...say like, UNC or OSU.

Secondly, Wake is a top 25 school that is highly competitive and academically very challenging. It's hard for dedicated athletes to keep up with both. And there are definitely not a whole lot of majors to "hide in". The classes sizes are very small and the faculty is not disposed in the slightest to give the athletes any extra leniency.

All of these things lead to smaller resources, and fewer opportunities to recruit top athletes. Yet somehow, Grobe has managed to make competitive teams with what he has.

TL;DR: With few monetary resources and an environment not conducive to big programs, Grobe has managed to make something out of nothing.  




 I definitely talk like Toki and Skwisgaar for fun. Hilarious with metalocalypse fans....fuckin' bizarre when they're not 




 Freeze them!! FREEZE THEM NOWWW! /endAaahnoldvoice 




 How cute!! 
Google Translate didn't lead you wrong...at least not too much! That is indeed the kanji for carp, but often times Japanese people just use the katakana -  - which is, admittedly, not as aesthetically pleasing. So using the kanji is just somewhat formal. 

I could nitpick your kanji form - but that would just be insufferable - and it's definitely good enough for non-Japanese speakers!!

I too am in the same boat of hyperactivity - no Crisco exorcisms though! I haven't been able to just watch television since I was a kid - I always have to do be doing something with my hands! 




 Moxie is also older - 1876.  




 yeah it really is just because of the "Iron Man" connection - which was played in Iron Man 1. 




 I find that most bands will usually only have one design in a female version...if  even that. The options are usually pretty slim... 




 I love this building so much I'm getting married there in about 3 months :) 
























 You may or may not already have help in this area - but if you are interested in some resources regarding incunabulae (books printed in the first 50 years after Gutenberg), I'd be happy to help.  




 Okay, so clearly your second comment was awful - but perhaps worse, why would you deliberately call her out, as though she was not genuinely amused by this. Why would she fucking post it? I have a feeling if a male friend of yours posted this your response would not have been the same 




 I distinctly remember eating sand when I was a [really] little kid because I thought it was brown sugar. That shit is awesome 




 What game is this from?
 




 I agree - slightly deeper 




 BRB Clearing browser history. 




 Me too...I wish it were a gif :(
 




 Zach Braff, no one cares that you met someone. This isn't facebook 




 Yeah for real! I used to be very anemic all throughout high school - and I was a consummate tea-drinker as I didn't drink coffee at the time and most energy drinks didn't really exist at that point...so my best caffeine resource was tea! 

There are probably other factors, but I drink coffee now, and lo and behold I'm not anemic anymore! 




 I too work in a museum (assistant curator) - and while this is all highly amusing, the real potential problem with this is the risk of mold, insects, and other things that can be brought introduced to the museum that could damage the art in the collections. People pull this every once in a while, and half the time it's a painting that has sat in the attic forever....then actual expensive art gets infected with mold. Which costs the museum a lot of time to have conservators work on it... 




 Also a lady (who also took the survey) - I've played for 15+ years :|
 




 Look at Heidi Klum - she's a supermodel and every year she goes all out on over-the-top antithesis of "sexy" costumes. They're fantastic! 




 I would tend to agree with this - as someone who makes dumb cheddar by essentially being an intellectual, I'm usually greeted with enthusiasm and interest. Even by the branch of my family that are dyed in the wool conservatives and would be most people's conception of the "ignorant American" 




 Is it made by the Triangle Waist Company...? 




 Richard Branson needs to buy this place and make the world's scariest haunted house 




 My two favorite, no less! 




 Lies! I see new, still-in-plastic textbooks...FOR MUSIC. 




 Does he cheat or lie for apparently no reason in other situations? He may habitually lie - a problem that some people have - and this is just another extension of that. 

 




 Voyager.........:| 




 Make sure you clean your A/C grate! I find that it will get very dust quickly. A lot of people overlook it, but it makes a big difference in air quality as well as appearance. 




 Well George tends to get drunk and forget. 




 I'm not going to smile, best I can do is stand here awkwardly. 




 AND HE HAS HIS BUCKET 




 Take pictures dressed up in theme costumes or recreating movie scenes. Do at least one or two a day and then have a ridiculous album waiting for them when they return. 

 




 The question to ask is what he is will be wearing instead of a tux? If it's a nice suit that's relatively dark, don't sweat it. But anything else? Get le pissed. 




 Everyday coworkers and I go outside to eat lunch, and everyday the friendly desk attendant will push the button for us to exit - though sometimes they'll do it when we are coming back in - more than once this has almost hit us in the face 




 Hi! 

First piece of advice: people will not obsess over the things you say - good or bad. For the most part, people enjoy spending time with people and won't think about an awkward moment or awkward phrase. I think realizing this for me helped me gain confidence in what I was saying! Don't worry about it, because in all likely hood, nobody is really going to think about it that much! Plus, you'd be surprised what can really spark conversation.

My other tip, is that even as a pretty social and confident person, I occasionally "prep" if I'm going to be hanging out in a one-on-one situation. So, I'll look up some things in the news, or just funny pieces of trivia, etc. Just so I always have a few topics of conversation on tap, as it were.

Plus, sometimes a drink or two (nothing overboard!) can really help conversation flow and allow people to talk more freely
 




 One, two, three, four! Four counts of wrongful incarceration! ha ha ha 




 What's WRONG with me?? 




 I want to go to there 




 It's "student"-athletes like this that really cause most faculties to really resent athletics programs, and football in particular.  
























 My expertise is earlier than the 19th century, but I would say this looks pretty legitimate. Most forgeries or imitations typically would be of something more historically important (i.e. the bajillion copies of the declaration of independence). Something like this is certainly beautiful and can have personal value, but it doesn't have much monetary value.
TL;DR: LEGIT 




 I feel traumatized for having just read that.  




 This saved my skin (literally!). I had a waitress drop a pot of boiling water (for tea) right on my lap causing second degree burns. A few centimeters and it would have gotten my lady bits! A friendly chemist in the Blue Mountains recommended the oil and a vitamin E lotion. Absolutely no scarring whatsoever. 




 I should have been more clear - it's not the *certification* that is as important as the **training**.  




 Wow, thank you!! This is great, I too wish I could give you more upvotes :) 




 The thing to keep in mind is that if anything happens to a human being, you can be held liable. Your dog can be the sweetest, most non-violent pup, but therapy dogs are trained in order to be safe around all people, especially the most delicate.

Imagine the scenario: you are in the hospital visiting an ill or elderly person. A medical alarm goes off. You non-violent pup reacts as many creatures would - with surprise. It might do something as innocuous as jerking its head up or jumping off the bed. This could cause any number of problems like bruising or scratching a fragile person, pulling out IVs, etc. One of the main pieces of training for therapy dogs is to NOT REACT to these sorts of stimuli. To become certified there are tests like being put in a room and have various loud and unexpected noises (boxes dropped behind them, etc.). They must remain calm and fairly still to pass. 

So just please keep this in mind. I'm glad you brought happiness to someone, but realize that a golden is a pretty big dog to take a chance with all of these things.

Source: my mom has dog that she has specially trained to be a therapy dog to elderly and dementia patients. 




 I would like to see this with Bran and Hodor instead... 




 It wasn't. That's why absolutely everyone drank beer, ale, wine, fermented drinks...all of which involve boiling up until essentially the modern era. Water killed you. Well more precisely, the microbials in water, but they didn't have germ theory either. 




 Ctrl+F: Doctor Who. [Good.](http://i.imgur.com/aOehksN.gif) 




 Lord Finkleroy, the ruler we've been waiting for 




 All things serve the Beam 




 I mean, at least its not a uniform.  




 The [murals](http://www.indiana.edu/~benton/) are dead on though 




 Thought that the wikipedia article would be safe to figure out what this is. NOPE. 

 




 I love the [sausage festival!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddCKs8NmHfM) 




 Gothic cathedrals were also painted. [Amiens Cathedral] (http://www.france.fr/en/art-and-culture/amiens-cathedral-colour) has reproduced the effect by projecting images onto the southern portal: 
 




 Best way to convince your girlfriend to have anal sex? Definitely ask to put in her pooper. Pooper.

Pooper.

Sexy. 




 Yep, the adjudication of the cases more than triples when the death penalty is sought.  




 Do you actually have any obligation to send emergency vehicles, or talk them through crap like this? Can you actually just hang up on someone? 




 My husband is the same way! From my understanding, it's a histamine reaction; and yes, cooking fruits and veggies helps. When we make guacamole, we microwave the mushed avocados and it doesn't affect the taste. 

All of this works out perfectly because since birth I have hated most fruits. Especially anything orange-like. 




 Yeah my mom used to bribe me with quarters. I also refused them unless I had my Batman pillow.  




 It's cool to see him applying it himself...builds up the Bowie mythos even more in my mind 




 Also, when you're playing some of the early games, part of why you're even playing is to get the cred fro beating it. And part of the cred is playing with an original controller. Because when you put up with hand cramps and making sure the buttons are the right amount of jiggly and sticky...you're a real champ. 




 This will get buried, but a co-worker of mine knew John Wayne Gacy really well. To the point that Gacy painted a picture of his son.  




 I definitely read this as though you snapped your fingers...[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/edSgh0f)
 




 I knew Chris when I was at Wake, he was a year ahead of me. He was a genuinely great guy who was very down to earth. Legitimately intelligent too. I worked as a tutor for student-athletes, and he  had a reputation of excellence. I was sorry to see him go after his sophomore year, but at the same time I completely understand the career move. Glad he is still working for his degree. I was thrilled to see them retire his jersey, I only wish I could have been in W-S to see it! 









 I never quite understood why it was so freaking difficult. I was seven or so when it came out, and like many young girls at my age, was obsessed with dolphins (thanks, Lisa Frank). I had been gaming since birth (my dad bought me an NES when I was 2), so I had a bit of a leg up on many of my  girlfriends who desperately wanted to play. That and I already had a Sega Genesis. I still think I only would get to level 3 and fail. I even went back a few years ago to give it a shot, and got about half way through before rage quitting. It just boggles me that you would make a game where you are a freaking dolphin at the height of dolphin craze, a *perfect* way to get young girls into gaming...and then you make it stupidly hard to play. Asinine.  




 Man, I was just talking about that game with my husband last night. I was a huge TMNT fan. So of course I had both of the NES games. Being four, I was awful. I would usually just play the first few levels, then die. I haven't actually gone back as an adult to try my hand at them.  




 You're doing God's work 




 Well, there certainly was a majority of religious texts, but it wasn't exclusive. William Caxton, the first English printer, for example, printed the first editions of the Canterbury Tales. Printing presses actually spread like wildfire in the first 50 years, starting in Germany and then through the rest of Europe. The first 50 years is an admittedly artificial delineation (nothing really changed from year 50 to year 51), but it is very helpful for book historians, as it really was the period with printing spread throughout Europe and became common. People were actually pretty aware that it was a Big Deal. Between 160 and 185 copies were originally printed of the 42-line Bible (the commonly called Gutenberg Bible), and there are close to 50 surviving copies and numerous other fragments, which is a great retention rate. 

As for fonts, most of the early books were trying to mimic the handwriting of manuscripts at the time. From the pictures you posted, your book definitely follows this pattern. This font is usually called Gothic Textura, though paleography is quite the rabbit hole you can fall down. In terms of people developing fonts, gothic-type fonts were certainly popular in the early days, but as the Italian Renaissance started to take hold, many printers opted for the Roman monument font, as it represented the Classical ideas. It also helped that it was quite easy to read. Gothic scripts, and really all scripts in the medieval period, were systematically abbreviated for practical reasons (if you're writing absolutely everything out by hand, you build in some short cuts), but can be very difficult to pick up on if you aren't trained in reading them. I could go on, but like I said, it's quite a rabbit hole. 

Just at a cursory glance from the photos, I would say that the pages were trimmed at some point to be rebound. The binding is probably early, but not contemporary. 

I'll post some books later if you are interested in learning more about incunabula in general, Albert Magnus, or anything else you might like. I have an extensive bibliography at my home office, though with Valentine's Day it might not happen tonight :)
 
























 There is a [May Festival performance](http://www.mayfestival.com/festival.html) that evening - Wagner and Verdi! Definitely fancy, and great, classic song selections; one of which is the Bridal March, so you know, romantical (if you don't actually pay attention to the plot of the opera.) If you used that in your wedding, it might be double romanticals.  




 or not. Let's have a 3 up 3 down 9th! 




 Oof, I would love to see them pad the lead here in the 8th - come on Bruce! 




 If you have a smartphone or tablet, you can listen to 700 WLW on the [I Heart Radio app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clearchannel.iheartradio.controller). It's free. It's supposed to be online as well, but I was having difficulties. Oh, and here's the link of you're an [iPerson.](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/iheartradio/id290638154?mt=8) 




 Check out the [Cincinnati Art Museum](http://www.cincinnatiartmuseum.org/visit/info/employment), they're always looking for part-time security guards, and I think they might be looking for cafe servers right now. It could be something to tide you over! 




 If you're up in the Mason area, I've always liked [Natorp's](http://www.natorp.com/). 




 Sorry to see a business close its' doors, but I don't think they'll have issues filling the space. Didn't have a great experience there though - it was for a bridal shower and the hostess had reserved their "party room." It was not totally closed off, which was fine, but then they kept seating other patrons in the area, even though the rest of the restaurant was open. Just...odd. 




 Thank god I'm not the only one! I thought I was taking crazy pills. I also had the distinct misfortune to post something snarky to Cubbies on facebook. I think ESPN should have to pay for my embarrassment.  




 I have friends swear that the place is haunted.  




 I don't think you have to have a ton of background in finance either. I had a friend get a job there recently with a marketing/photography background. 




 Homer isn't even his real first name - it's David. He took Homer as a nickname [after his grandfather, apparently.](http://cincinnati.reds.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20070219 content_id=1808414 vkey=spt2007news fext=.jsp c_id=cin) 




 I found an article when [Reggie Sanders charged the mound in 1994](http://articles.latimes.com/1994-04-14/sports/sp-45939_1_perfect-game). I don't have any evidence that this is the most recent occurrence, but that's the latest I've found with minimal research. 

I don't think Choo will though. He seems too even-keeled for that. And I don't think anybody wants another [Carlos Quinten](http://i.imgur.com/kKzlslW). 




 Upon seeing an advertisement for a Civil War Chess Set on TV, I asked incessant questions about the "Silver War." 

 




 My parents did it themselves - and while quite a bit of work, it's not terribly specialized. The brunt of the work was leveling the ground where they were putting it in. I'm sure the folks at Home Depot or Menard's would be able to advise as well.  




 The [Crafty Supermarket](http://craftysupermarket.wordpress.com/) in Clifton is that day too! 




 [Here's looking at you, Sanabia.](http://i.imgur.com/3Mf9Hxk) 




 I'm glad you finally got to see a great game - and that you stuck it out to the end! I fell asleep with the gamecast playing on my tablet in the 11th. It was great news to wake up to though! 




 Ha, yes, I was! It was really awesome, it was my first year too. Bruce was definitely great; I thought everyone was really super.  




 Not quite, but I was [Votto adjacent](http://imgur.com/jcAA94D). He seemed to be only taking pictures with kids, which, you know, fair enough.  




 Almost everyone. Votto and Frazier were definitely there, but they seemed to be only taking pictures with kids. I was standing next to two cute kids, so I was able to take creeper photos. The only players (excluding DL) I didn't see were Heisey and Chapman. And they had said in the invitation that the day's pitcher and catcher wouldn't be out, so no Bailey - though I did get one with Mesoraco! I also got pictures with Paul, Simon, Ondrusek, Broxton, Cingrani, Hannahan, and Robinson. Latos and Arroyo were there too, but I was busy getting another picture and I didn't manage to catch them.  




 My brother went with a [blank back style](http://shop.mlb.com/product/index.jsp?productId=3462659 cp=1452348.1452717.708007) - always relevant! Women's jerseys only come in [blank/personalize-able or Votto](http://shop.mlb.com/family/index.jsp?categoryId=1503775), so I decided to become part of the team :P  




 Thanks!! I really had an awesome time - my heart *was* racing at times! Go REDLEGS! 




 Season tickets! They sent us a invitation/ticket and you had to rsvp. It started at 10:30 before Sunday's game. You entered the park near the bullpen, and could get a spot anywhere around the outfield. Then the players, coaches, and announcers started making their way around! Everyone was really nice. I have others as well - but I only posted the highlight reel.  









 Well that was a beautiful thing to see upon waking. Now, I have 15 hours to get this nightmare fuel out of my brain 




 For everyone interested, ESPN is actually [filming a documentary](http://cincinnati.com/blogs/tv/2013/04/05/espn-films-teddy-kremer-for-e60/) about Teddy for their E:60 series. 
 




 He also asked for 11 K's - which they also got! For those who aren't Great American Ball Park regulars, everybody in attendance gets a free LaRosa's (4-topping, small) pizza! 




 This is going to sound harsh, but don't. Unless they specifically have put out a call for pieces, they don't want to hear from you. Museums and curators get a million calls from people that want them to look at their stuff. And many of you may find it cynical, but we generally don't care unless you are interested in donating it. And half the time not even then. It's an issue of being underfunded and understaffed (a fairly universal problem in the world of non-profit museums) that we just don't have the time to look at everything that comes around. A lot of museum's do have days in which members can bring one or two pieces in to consult with a curator. Think Antique's Roadshow style, where we don't tell you the value. I know some of the auction houses even do it. 

For what it's worth though,  it is a very lovely piece, I just wouldn't bother a museum unless you really want to part with it.

Source: (assistant) Curator

 




 I hope your girlfriend also got you a pillowcase 




 Yep, I have family that chastise me and get upset when I say "oh my god," and I'm almost 30. I just don't bring up religion with them. It may be disingenuous, but they're my family that I hardly ever see.
 




 I had a class with a Allen Mandelbaum whose translation of Dante's *Divine Comedy* is very well-regarded. For his class he assigned the [cheapest, paper-back copies of his translation.](http://www.amazon.com/Inferno-Bantam-Classics-Dante-Alighieri/dp/0553213393/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1365800058 sr=8-2 keywords=allen+mandelbaum) Once class convened, he even asked us if the price was okay, and if it was too much he might be able to help.   
























