 Thanks, appreciate it  




 Yea I've learned that now, being from the northeast I thought it was always sunny and nice there, learned my lesson on that trip  




 Yea I realized after I submitted it that messed it up but didn't feel like changing it, my bad  




 Yea, the cat is always the master in the relationship  









 It was taken on Atlantic, it had been raining my whole trip and then the clouds broke while I was going to lunch  




 Yea we did, it was an awesome place and nobody was around, we couldn't believe it  









 Yep, my girlfriend and I were playing cards up on the lookout when I took this  




 Lexington Park here, just joined Reddit and found this, I've been here a little over a year
 












































 Your username is awesome, I feel like we're late to this game, but we were pretty pumped about it 









 This one was the only one we had a hard time with because he had such a good personality and we got attached but the others haven't been bad. We've fostered probably 10 now. 









 Normally just microwave them  









 It's going over the bridge on Atlantic  




 http://www.fatgirltrappedinaskinnybody.com/2011/04/bacon-egg-cups/ 














 Thanks! 




 Never been to Wisconsin though I have spent some time across the lake from it in Michigan 


































 He must've worked for this company

 http://assmann.us/ 









 Taking me to Uganda, and then it's a flip between typing N for United States of America, or S for USA 









 We were happy with the turn out  




 I actually read your first comment wrong and thought you were asking if it was ice cream, sorry. If it was ice cream, there wouldn't have been time to take the picture because we would've eaten it already. 




 No, it's just layered white cake and red velvet. Then the blue is white cake with blue food coloring. 












































 Its normally $8.99, but it was their lunch special that day so it was $7. 




 That's it, didn't even know that they had a website, just found this place this week.
 




 The mayo is actually the bit of green on the bottom layer since its mixed with pesto 




 St. Inigoes General Store in St. Inigoes, MD 




 Really? Whereabouts? 




 BTW, the place I got this is a little general store called St. Inigoes General Store and it was a huge surprise when I found out they served food this good. 




 Mozzarella 




 East coast, the Chesapeake Bay area, sorry 




 Its mozzarella, and it was delicious 




 I live in southern Maryland 




 $7, not a bad deal
 









 Rumors today were that apple is releasing a gold colored iPhone for the 5s  
























