 I have 1 friend I met trough gaming wich i still have contact with but we have met irl and have different stuff to talk about besides gaming, so that is no problem. And yes, some of my friends game and I have no problem with them gaming when I'm around, however, I will always stay on the background instead of joining in (In a FIFA competition on ps3 by example) 




 These are actually really good questions to ask yourself if you're afraid you might have a computer problem, thank you! 




 I never said that drugs and gaming are the same thing, drugs are bad, very bad, they destroy people's life so often while gaming is entertainment, so many people enjoy it. How could it be the same? Well, it can destroy lives aswell, believe me. Not in the way drugs do but in more subtile forms, you start to ignore the ones you love, they get frustrated.. You become unhealthy, hardly see people.. This of course will not happen when you are a casual gamer and there is nothing wrong with that, I cannot stress that enough. But there are times where it goes way beyond that, where you really need professional help in order to get way from it's grip.

This seems very weird to alot of people because they assume you can just 'stop gaming' and it's 'lack of self control'. Well, you can just 'stop drinking' too right? No.. Gaming does not indeed reward you in a fysical or material way like drug or alcohol do but sometimes, with certrain people, the rush of winning, the feeling that it gives, can be just as addicting as gambling I am sure. I'm not the worst case by far, I've seen people in the clinic go bonkers because they were denied internet access. 

I understand that all this must seems really weird for outsiders, incomprehensable even, but let me assure you, it can be really bad and it is in fact, considered a legitimate addiction by authoroties and such. 




 I would say that before anything, just like with every other addiction, you have to realise yourself that you spend way too much time on computers and need to stop. If not, nothing or nobody can help. Once you realised this it's best to seek professional advice, they will explain everything to you and then it's up to you wether to decide if you want help or not. Just one more thing, don't think 'I'm going to calm down on gaming, going to game less.' No. Just, NO. That doesn't work, you have to quit everything, cold turkey and try to last as long as possible. Because if you play 'a bit' you'll fall back into old patters before you know. 




 The irony of me doing this IAmA did not escape me either :) 




 There are alot of people who think the same as you, so did I actually. But it had been proven that you can actually be addicted to internet usage or gaming in the same way that you're addicted to by example drugs or alcohol. I went to a clinic in Holland (there aren't any (good) ones in Belgium who are specialised in this matter) where they only treat this kind of addiction, there they diagnosed me and offered to treat me but i didn't want to be internated, I wanted to get over it on my own, with the help of my doctor and parents. So far, it seems to have worked. 




 I'de have to say i was the most addicted to CoD:MW2 the most, the hours I played on that.. It was really bad. Sc2 and War of Legend (a short period, but really heavy) have been bad for me aswell. 




 Because I was going to start in Computer Science that year and I needed a good laptop to run all the software smoothly. Turns out it ran all the games smoothly aswell, not good.. And I played random so: 1/3rd For the Overmind!! I guess..:p 




 In what way do you want me to provide proof? 




 I know the feeling all too well. I think something along those lines would have applied to me aswell. Luckely, I liked sleep too much to actually get up early to game wich kept me atleast a bit healthy but still, it was pretty bad from time to time. There were weeks in the winter where I realised I haven't seen the sun in days, I was basically living during nightime and blocked out the little sun there was. 




 Yes I have, and I actually did. This was on my old laptop, instead of removing everything I bough a new one (an Alienware, stupid me) and told myself I wouln't install games anymore. This lasted for maybe 3 days and made me realise afterwards that I indeed have a problem.

No, I never got to GM but I've been Top-8 Masters frequently, I think I played too much CoD to actually get promoted (I was #1 5v5 in the esl for almost a year, this made me some money in online tournaments but this was more bad then good, since I used it as an excuse to keep playign since 'I made money with it') 




 Yes, it really is. This is the longest I've been on it in weeks just because I force myself to leave after 15 minutes each session. I love this site but it's so big and there's an endless flow of interesting stuff to find and peers to discuss with that if I wouldn't force myself to get off the PC, I would fall right back into my old lifestyle. But I really wanted to do this IAmA so I cut myself some slack :) 




 I don't exactly how or what made me realise I was addicted but suddently I started seeing that the people around me were right and I was actually spending way too much time gaming and on the internet and I decided that this is not the life I wanted to live. So I packed my bags and went to France for the entire summer with a few mates, spent our days surfing and such but I tried to refrain myself form any form of internet usage. When I got back I forced myself to stay away from the PC as much as possible and that's a battle with myself I still have to fight every day. And like I said, I started working, travel as much as possible, mostly for surfing. And the biggest thing probably, I found a girlfriend who lives a simular lifestyle, alot of travelling and such and that keeps me away from falling back into old habits. 




 Nee, Knokke :) 




 It's hard to tell to what degree since I always refused any kind of treatment or professional help. In the beginning because I tough I wasn't addicted at all, afterwards because I wanted to stop on my own. But it was pretty bad, I would wake up and start gaming just about untill I went to bed, the only thing I would do besides that was go out with friends or see my girlfriend, no classes, nothing. So I don't really know, pretty bad but not bad enough for me not to want personal contact anymore, or see my friend. 
For the 2nd part of the question, yes, I have experienced pain in my wrists (CoD and Sc2 aren't the most kind games for them) but they seem to have dissapeared now, thank God. 




 I didn't downvote you, it was a legitimate question, hence why I answered it. 




 Good question, this was hard at first, because every free moment I got, I felt that urge to play again. But I started working this year and have found some salvation if you like in surfing, I surf quite alot now, also got my coaching diploma. Basically, I try to occupy myself as much as possible with just about everything and it seems to work out. 




 Actually no, I have had a few good, stable relationships. I don't think I'm bad looking and have gotten quite good ad hiding my internet usage over the years. 









 yeah, I really didn't think this post trough I believe. However, it's almost impossible to keep results like this off the front page :( 




 I'm very sorry! Removed the post at once 




 Oh.My.God. He did it again!! He makes the Slayer team look like a bunch of unprepared code B players o.O 




 Exactly! Their decision not to bring in a Protoss player leaves me puzzled aswell (Get it?;) ) 




 Him pulling off the All-Kill would be insane, who would of tought that? 




 The games so far are insane!! Gumiho is so good, takes down CoCa in the 3rd game aswell! 




 http://www.egothieves.com/mixes/

An awesome site with free mixes for various styles of music, go check it out. 




 I'm sorry to hear about the desk chair. 




 I do feel like it's up to them to make the intermission a bit pleasant, a viewer should not have to mute his stream every time because he heard thje same song 20 times that day.. 




 If I hear 'I need a miracle, I've got to get away from here ' one more time, I think I'll go mental. Seriously, adding extra songs to the playlist takes 10 seconds..

 




 It's just impossible to win agaisnt zerg now, all my losses are vs Z, I win all PvT and PvP, NERG ZERG NAO!!!!! 




 Vods up already? 




 3
 




 Thanks! Here, have an upvote :) 




 I've searched for it, normally links to the VOD's are everywhere after a major tournament but I can't seem to find them now, not on youtube, nor on the Dreamhack site. (http://open.dreamhack.se/vods/)

I'm sorry if someone already posted these! Thank you 




 As a Protoss player, here is how I see the situation now:
ZvP: Pretty even, hardest matchup for P tough
TvP: Decently balanced however, T seems to be alot easier for me then Z
ZvT: Terran gets smashed at this current point :( 




 Why on earth still no pause in customs? 




 Looks really cool, great for doing hypothetical builds, learning timings and such. 




 Thanks alot for the tips guys, I'm alot more confident i'll hold it off next time! Upvotes for all!! 




 Ignore the (in base) in the build order. I'm having some big problems stopping it, even when I scout. i tried getting 2 gateways by myself, trying 1 gate/core but still.. What is the best reaction? Thanks! 









 Tried to post this aswell but you beat me to it, good job!:D 




 Props to every one of you for keeping this awesome subreddit alive!3 









 Thanks alot mate! Just don't expect too much of it ;) 




 Sent you a replay with Twitter, would love it if you got around reviewing it. I'm a bronze P player altough I consider myself slightly above bronze, somewhere around high silver I think, I just don't play enough. All my matches are against high(er) silver players. Thanks! 





























 Hi,

I used to have an iPhone 4s and all push notifications (Facebook, Twitter, Skype etc..) were delivered instantly to my phone. Same thing goes for my mails. I recently bought an iPhone 5 and made it a copy of my 4s but push notifcations come in with a great delay or not at all, untill I open the app. I also noticed I'm being logged out of apps more often.
Does anyone have an idea how to fix this? Make the notifications/messages/mails instant again? Because this is rather annoying. Thanks alot!! 














 Yes, this is the right size, thank you! Too bad the resolution isn't better but this is almost perfect, thanks alot! 




 This is in the perfect direction! Would love the resolution a bit bigger tough, using this as a Timeline Cover would look blurry. But thanks a ton already! 




 So, as mentioned, I would love to use this picture http://www.ilikewallpaper.net/iphone-5-wallpaper/Longboard-Girl/5972, as my FB Timeline Cover but it was an iPhone wallpaper so is way too high. I would love to see it/her shopped into a fitting enviroment or something, with the dimensions being good for FB. 

Thanks to everyone helping me! Willing to offer a small reward if I really like it! 




 As a Belgian, I surrender. (Not as fast as France tough!) 




 Me in bronze: 'So you mean, if I rush these DT's and they don't have detection, I win? Awesome!!'

Yeah, I was that guy.. 









 OMG are you like sergeant Batista's son? When you talked with that accent, wow.. 




 if you tried this over here you'd get lynched by an angry mob who's iPhones got destroyed, just saying.. 




 Olaf: Just ban me, honestly 




 I raise your repost with a repost 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0g9jrZJmF8 feature=youtu.be 




 Btw, anyone knows when brackets are up? Says registration is today on the site. 




 Thank you for responding and good luck in Season 3! 




 [relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKTpWi5itOM)
 




 Alot of stuff on the Deep Web, in particular CP. Especially the way those people talk about kids just creeps me out, they act like it all normal.. 




 Yes, what mdbjd said was correct, Riot has been criticised often because they tend to fall back on nerfing something they feel is too strong, rather then trying to balance it in another way, making alot of the campions feel the same and damaging the diversity. 




 I have got a Razor Blackwidow and I must say, I'm extremely satisfied with it. Not because of any changes in my play really (the keyboard is of course more then perfect for gaming) but just the way it feels when you type, the sound and the feel with every keystroke, nothing comes close imo. Once you go mech, you'll never go back :) 




 So there's just a forth of a pixel? 




 Yeah, not all roles are correct, just made as an example. And you wouln't be forced to put it there but you could, if you chose so.. 




 I think this would be a gread addition because I believe lesser known streams will have a higher chance of attractiong new viewers. Say for example, I main ADC so that's what I prefer to watch. Now, none of the 'big ADC names' is streaming, what I usually do is watch someone else 'famous', wether he plays my role or not.

Now, if this were to be added, I might click a guy I never heard of before just because I'de like to learn from him, and when I like him, I'll probably come back.
So, this will, in my opinion, give more exposure to the lesser known streamers. What do you guys think? 









 Relevant:  [http://imgur.com/a/Xvru5] **NSFW!!!!!!!** 




 Thanks a bunch! 




 Glad to hear I'm not the only one! 




 Hey, I mentioned, when I launch LoL server status says undefinded, however, when I check the website, it says all servers are up. Is it just me or is anyone else having this? Also, if anyone has a fix, most welcome! Thanks 




 IMPORTANT: Subtitle language can be changed in the bottom left! 









 I have a suggestion. Keep the light in order not to make things complicated but make it so then when you actually revive, it kinda looks like the Prayer-cape emote from Runescape if anyone's familiar with that. That would look so sick imo

cf: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWRRecTqGeU 




 This.. Actually, I don't even know if I'de want to know. 
Actually, yeah I do..:p 




 Okay, I'll try to explain this the best way I can (note that English is not my native language). I've been thinking about how awesome/usefull it would be to see all the stats about your life, just for information/entertainment purposes or comparing to others. 
This would go from basic stuff like amount of food consumed, exact time lived, hours slept etc to really specific/weird stuff like times mastrubated, reddits read, high fives given..

Would love to hear you guys' opinions about this and what would be the n1 stat you want to see for your life? 




 Time to start e-mailing EG sponsors? 




 Time to start e-mailing EG sponsers? 




 I worked in a pretty large fish-shop who sells to alot of restaurants. Whenever someone new guy came my boss would send them all the way to the ocean to go and get 'salt water for the lobster'. Everybody, and I mean everybody did this. Just imagine the hilarity when you see them coming back, dragging just gallons of seawater..:D 




 Thanks for the responses! However, I don't really follow Riot in their decision, not having a system like that just makes for the most ridiculous games form wich, imo, you don't learn a whole lot. It should be easier to, by example, tell the bots where to go from the start, so atleast you can decide for yourself in what team you want to play etc :) 




 Not a troll question, recently played a bot game again after a long time and I was surprised they still are retarded when it comes to lane mate. I made a team with me as Graves and then Sona, Warwick, Malazhar and Garen I believe. You would assume me both with Sona, WW jungle (but since bots don't 'jungle', him top with garen), and Malazhar mid.
Now, what happens when I start the game, I see Sona run top with Warwick, Malazhar bot with Garen leaving the mid lane for me.
Now my question, is it really that hard to make bots have some sense of awereness of where to go? I'm sure I'm not the only one who noticed this..

TLDR; Bot games are meant to learn noobs how to play but how can they when they don't come near real game compositions? Is it so hard to learn bots where to go? 




 Teemo is not OP, het gets countered just like any champ, quit the QQ'ing. 




 What about someone serving 2 life sentences? Would they then kill him a second time and only let him walk if he ressurects again? 




 I have literally spend hundreds of euro's on this stupid free online MMO called War of Legends. Yeah, big misktake. I was top of the server tough!
 




 Scared the crap out of me the first time they used it. I like the idea of a voice saying 'GG' at the end of a match, just not that voice.. 




 Thank you guys for all the answers, things are alot more clear now! Keep playing!:) 




 Allright, first of all, I haven't been playing this game for too long now (level 20-ish) and usually play AD carry (graves, ezreal, teemo etc..) Since the beginning I've been playing with first heal-ghost and later heal-flash as soon as I had it. Now, lately more and more people told me to switch heal for ignite. Granted, almost everyone runs ignite these days. But for me, it just doesn't seem right; I feel like as if heal helped me out loads more in games then ignite. And there are so many close call situations in wich I tough, if only i had me heal there instead of ignite. A feeling I hardly get the other way around..

Now, my question is, is it really that bad to run heal? Should I just keep using ignite till I get used to it? Thanks alot! 




 I agree, I don't want to generalise but it does seem like the majority of drama and bullshit is coming from the NA ladder and it's players. Makes me wonder.. 




 Blizzard please buff Ezreal to fix this!! 




 Why does everyone seem to dislike Teemo so much? 












































 For me it had to be when I saw this kid, must of been like 12 or something, come out of the store with his dad holding a pack of cookies. He looked really happy with them. Then he saw a homeless guy and his dog sitting near the entrance of the shop. 
He stopped, hesitated for a second and then went up the guy, giving him his cookies. He also asked if he could pet the dog, I could see the dad wasn't to excited about that but let him proceed. He then walked away with an even bigger smile, as if he knew what he had just done was nicer then wat I'de say 75% of adults would ever do.
Really brightened up my day. 




 More reddit then you'll ever need.

Disclaimer: age might be exaggerated 




 I'm a belgian, AMA 




 DAE trees?? 














 I know it's far from perfect but hey, who's first one was? Still kind of proud! For anyone wondering, it was either my friends that used to roll or me with one of those machine-thingies. 









 [Thanks](http://i.qkme.me/3rskp7.jpg) 
 
Kidding, didn't notice that indeed but hey, this is IGTHFT, not a spelling contest :) 









 But srsly, upvotes to the left cuz sweet karma AMIRIGHT?? 




 If there's one person 'X-P-special' in the room, it's her. Good lord, so bad.. 




 Ctrl+F 'fuck himself' was not dissapointed 




 Is this out on EU or just NA? 'Cause I can't seem to find it :/ 




 Thanks for the replies! Going to see it tonight 




 Sorry if this is the wrong subreddit, didn't know where else to ask this. All tips are approciated!! Thank you 




 [Mars](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iODdvJGpfIA) 




 Damnit, just realised what a bad timing this is, US is asleep right now.. Oh well 




 Hi,

I believe most of you are well aware of some of the stereotypes the rest of the world has about the United States of America. I would like to hear your point of view about these things and what you think about them! 
Also, people who visited the US, what surprised you? What did you except to be completly different?

Thanks!

Ps:apologies should there be any mistakes, English is not my native language 




 As asked above, what would it be? Would you be world's best dancer? Be able to pursuade/manipulate people like no other? 
Preferably something realistic, so no superhuman powers and such..:) 




 Hi,
So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. 
Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!

Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers 




 'Murica best country in the world, mmmkay? 




 Thank you! I would love a probe aswell, over a zergling tbh. Surprised probe has so few votes 




 I found the Late Game Ward map pretty accurate 




 Thank you for responding! Yes, the same problem still occurs when I switch accounts. Do you have a suggestion for a subreddit that might be able to help me better? Thank you! 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!

Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers 




 I am the 17%!

No seriously, it's pretty disturbing that 17% actually chose that option 




 Nevermind how fast Rengar got there, DAT FLASH!! 




 Smart leopard, wanting to keep the baby to stuff it untill worth eating 




 My mom used to say 'Oh, those dates on products don't mean a thing, if it looks and smells good, eat it' 
I have a pretty strong immune system now.. 




 Would love to see the final 4 players A-move the middle of the map simultaniously, would be epic! 




 Also, if you happen to be without an ashtray, you can peel a piece of before smoking and tap your ashes in there! 




 Signed up. What kind of stuff will we be trading? Things like Champions and Skins? Best of luck with this project! 




 I was watching this and just knew it would end up on reddit.. 




 Tried this, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open :( 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority.. Nothing worked.

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!! 









 This is actually very true, well said 




 No need to upvote, just wanted to tell this..

Important: I'm not a native english speaker and I will try to make this nuanced as possible.

IHonestly, 've wasn't a huge fan of Idra, he was once one of the best zergs out there but then eventually just got passed by others. Nothing bad there, but he kept his 'BM' behaviour and 'I'm the best out there attitude', something wich I tought was a pretty dumb thing to do with no results to back that up. I tough that he would just keep on sinking, trying to survive on the name he once made for himself. 

Now, I must say tough, I was really impressed the last few times I've seen him play on stage, he seems to have really dedicated himself on reaching the top level again. Wich was partially what made me open his stream this evening when I was bored. There, I was pleasently surprised, I found a well-playing Idra, explaing his tactics to his viewers, interacting and not calling people bad every 5 seconds. I really enjoyed it and even felt bad for him and the other viewers when he had to stop streaming because someone tought it would be funny to do the Clan Invite glitch thing.

Just an honest story I wanted to get out there.

TLDR: Idra improved and cleaned up his act imo, best of luck for him in the future. 




 Hi,

So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority.. Nothing worked.

When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!! 




 I speak both Dutch and French yes, how'd you know? 




 Hmm, if I don't find another solution I might have to try this. Weird tough.. 
























 When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks 




 Fuck those cross-eyed rice-shitters and everything around them, backwards country, polluting the earth, not giving a shit about the enviroment, other countries, human or animal rights. Disgusting 




 He really wanted her dead.. 




 I would buy Winrar (the company, not the program) and actually make the trail expire. *insert evil laugh* 




 Has to be a tie between Runescape when I was younger (the days played, holy shit..) or even worse, War of Legends, spend way more money on that game then I like to admit.

Glad LoL is not addictive in any way. Yeah.. 









 'You know how sometimes your penis gets erect..' NOPE, I'm out! 




 Would be funnier if it said something along the lines of '420 Blaze errday!!' 









 I lost it at 'Tze baby tzuniiiiight' 




 I totally orgasmed all over the place. 3 and a half times.. 




 Our football players are overall pretty bad but they sure try to make a show!(Belgium btw) 




 Is it just me or are lot of girls that work at fastfood restaurants hot? Over here they're all middle-ages woman or chubbies :( 




 Upvoted because internet 




 I have never been so dissapointed 




 I find this very annyoing 'cause every time I want to E over the wall with ezreal by example, I keep thinking I'm not close enough, thus losing some time (time I might not have) 




 TIL shyvana counters almost anyone 




 BEEP BOOP fuck the teemo? 




 Stuff like this gives us a bad name while we're trying our best to do the opposite. Thank you for showing this 




 Same here in Belgium, as long as you don't hurt anyone during your attempt. 




 I think it's safe to say that gonewild would like more, yes 




 To gonewild for the free karma! 




 I think of myself as a rational, people-loving humas being but when I see videos like that I can't help myself feeling this urge.. I want those people and people involed dead and honestly, I believe I would kill them myself if I had the chance to.
I don't know if this makes me a bad person, perhaps worse then them, but that's just how I feel watching these things. 




 He's not even inhaling? 




 Upvote for Biggie 


































 [here you go](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiMHTK15Pik) 














 Happy holidays to you too, kind sir! 














 Wow, thank you for this reply. I'll have a shot at it and perhaps keep you guys updated on how I'm doing. Wish me luck! 




 It's an honest question, since there really aren't any downsides, why would you choose not to do it, especially when the majority of people like it?

Thank you for answering!

Ps: might actually try this myself once, not permanent, just to see how far I make it! 



























































