 I see. Thanks for explaining it to me in detail. I already got the feeling that what I mentioned wouldn't be a big issue as there were no precedents.

My undergrad major was English literature but right now I'm enrolled in a law-related grad school program and studying intellectual property law. Students vary from lawyers to people like me, who have no prior knowledge of the discipline. Classes are scheduled in the evening (the program is designed for people working full-time) and each subject has only one class every other week so it's been difficult to take in all the material -- not to mention no subject thus far tackled my question here.

But thank you, your response cleared things up. 




 As someone who can barely cook eggs I appreciate the artistry. 




 FIRMLY GRASP IT 




 TIL. I also thought of edible crackers and didn't understand why it was pejorative... I thought it was cute. But now I know the truth... :( 




 She's got talent! May we expect another character next year? :D 




 So many good lines. It's hard to pick just one. 




 Man this seems trivial to all the others here.

I have a lot of work to do and an assignment due pretty soon for my night-time grad school. I don't even know what I'm doing in that program; I feel like I don't retain anything and I'm just wasting money and time. 




 I'm also clinically depressed. I have it more or less under control with meds but sometimes I wish I didn't exist.

Let's hope better days will come soon and light will appear in the fog. 




 Have you checked out Nostalgia Critic's review of the movie? 




 Happy Gilmore.

I know Adam Sandler's movies have gotten unbearable lately and when you think about it even the good ones in the past are the product of the same formula, but Happy Gilmore makes me laugh. Probably because when I watched it for the first time as a kid I was having the best night ever with my aunts. And my parents (avid golfers) always say they're so tempted to act like Happy Gilmore in the field. 




 While he got the award *SPOILERS* only because three other people that were nominated for the award got killed, but that still means he's in Top 4 so yes, he's really come a long way! 




 I don't know why you received one downvote. I thought the same thing. I upvoted to bring balance to the universe. 




 "I TRUSTED YOU..." 




 Wow. I feel like giving him a little jedi costume. He seems very, very wise. I'd call him cute, but I'm afraid he'll be offended and scold me :p 




 I'm so sorry you lost him... I can't imagine how difficult it must be. I'm sending you a lot of internet hugs... I hope his siblings give you some solace. 




 His... err, feet? legs? are really long! I thought mine had them long... incomparable to Kirby's. Look at that tummy 3 




 D'awwww Pancake is so pretty. I love the color! It's like cats' equivalent of strawberry blonde. 




 Is he called Vin Diesel because he won't listen to his agent?

Joking aside, he is one gorgeous kitty. 




 "I will smother you in your sleep..." 

But at least s/he is keeping the santa hat on. Mine would toss it and proceed to scratch my hands in retaliation. 




 Now you move a bit over... nyeah...

And you move a little bit over... nyeah...

And I squeeze in between like... nyeah... 




 Dear fairies, I surrender. ♥ 




 What's really perplexing for me is the fact that I can play a few matches without any problem and then bam the firewall issue hits. Why?? What happened in the last 40 minutes?

I wish there were some kind of signals that my teammates get when I'm desperately trying to reconnect so at least they know I'm not just off somewhere, completely ignoring how I'm ruining other people's game. 




 This is fantastic! I tremble at the thought of the new malph coming at me with his ult. 




 It hits me that I've been playing this game too long when I find Cho and Kog adorable. Now RekSai made my list thanks to you :D I wonder what her lines would be? Cho's "QUIETTTT" always cracks me up so much. 




 For a second I thought he was standing on top of the pride rock with his mane blowing in the wind. He's already so handsome but I figure he'll be even more gorgeous as he matures! Hope to see more of his photos soon :D 




 That's actually adorable. I'm trying to imagine what you would've said for Draven... 




 Me too. Especially because I could collect all champs and runes with IP alone if O had the patience!

Now I rationalize my spendiny by thinking that riot gave me an awesome game and I'm only appreciating their hard work. 




 No way my Cait has a flat butt!  :( 
Isn't she pretty decent in the sheriff and arctic warfare models? 




 Same, I was just dropped and all teammates dc'd around the time I did :s 

I can't log back in. 




 From the thumbnail I thought the photo was surely rotated clockwise... Nature never ceases to amaze me. 




 Oh yeah, completely forgot about Drake and Baron! I do like his relatively high sustain and slow with e but he seemed (at least to me) to be lacking in offensive powers before. I guess they could be made up by other laners. Looks like Nunu will make a comeback :) 




 Thanks for a detailed response! I'm playing from Korea so the distance is the main issue. I didn't have a lot of ping problem in S3 - early S4 (stable 150-180 range.) And since I'm using a cable and have no siblings or family members that download lots of porn (or anything big) I think I can rule that out.

I'll look into the VPNs you mentioned! :)

Edit: I tried out Pingzapper and they didn't allow me to run the League with a trial version so I purchased the cheapest package to see if it works. I gave it a go at work and it seems to cause firewall-related problems. It did have an option to bypass security, but it didn't work. I will try the program again later at home. 




 My friend usually gets something similar (150-200). I'm playing from Korea I've made peace with that, but ping increased after a certain patch (around the time of Jinx update I think) and seems to stay there.

And I'm using a cable. 




 I've been having a pretty high ping while playing the League. I am playing abroad but I usually got 130-180 ping. Now it's closer to 200 and sometimes I get lag spikes and reach 400-1000.

I've read about programs that reduce ping but am a bit skeptical. Any advice? 




 How..? My brain cannot comprehend the craftsmanship involved since I can barely knit. Great job! 




 He looks like he got this life thing figured out.  




 How does he function against the traditionally popular jgrs like ww or khaz? I feel like he doesn't have a lot of offensive moves and they can easily counterjg. 




 It would be great if the mystery skin mechanism took into account the most played champs... but I guess that defeats the purpose of mystery. I have a commander Kat and I'm horrible with her.  




 That. Is. Awesome. Extra points for securing the ornaments twice. I knew the white tree was special but didn't occur to me that it was ocean themed! 




 I don't object at all, but I do find partially clothed men a bit sexier. Loose dress shirt collar or shirt-off entirely, that sort of thing.  




 What little explorers! And hats off to you for daring to have that kind of pretty tree with felines present. 




 He has a habit of sucking his arm and imitates the nursing pose as he did with his mom. He's now almost 10 years old. It's the only time he ever purrs and whenever he does it he grabs my arm, feet, etc. His claws are pretty strong and they hurt like hell. 




 It was worth it 




 Dominant male persona. I hate dealing with macho types when working but in bed it's a different story. I've also asked my boyfriend to pin me down during sex, like holding me down by the wrists. Of course all these things must be done with someone I'm really comfortable with (i.e. bf). 




 Thank you. I'm working abroad and seeing this makes me want to cry. I miss Van so much. 




 Fluffy♥♥ 




 So if he became a judge he would be Justice Justice Joslin? 




 I too believed his shadow was added later. Kudos to you for going through all this trouble to find the truth! 




 I don't care what others said; he sounds a very sweet person. 




 I can't see much but my heart goes out to you guys. I hope Tux warms up to Sam and they get to be best buddies 3 




 I love your drawing style! Will definitely follow that link to tumblr. Keep'em coming please! 




 IIRC he learned fast but the proficiency was not just at the level of the native speaker so he had to be dubbed, but because he took time to learn the language the dubbing process went much more smoothly. But yeah either way his performance was awesome! 




 Wouldn't know about snow, but I definitely agree with the hot tub thing. It sounds sexy but like you said the lube is gone and we're kind of splashing in a tub against water resistance. On top of that part of me outside the tub is kind of getting cold. So yeah not the greatest thing IRL. 




 I rejected a guy in high school and he called my mom (during school hours) to tell her that I was making his life a living hell, that I was being disrespectful towards his mom (we crossed paths in an open house event; I kind of turned my head the other way because she knew about my rejection and I thought things would be awkward.)

I later confronted him and at first he lied to me and said he was just saying hi to my mom. I called him out on being a liar and being so immature about the whole mess (we were 17/18 respectively). He ground his fist against the wall like he wanted to punch me. I really wanted him to, so I could punch back, but he never did. I spent my entire Gr.11 fantasizing a grabbing a chair and bludgeoning him to death. 




 He cracked me up so much in The Invention of Lying. Made me want to punch him too -- but that's just evidence of good acting, I presume. 




 The movie came out when I was in high school and learning Spanish, and I read that you learned Spanish to fit the role. I really admire the dedication! It couldn't have been easy. 




 Well the imgur name was TheOtterGuy 




 The crust! I honestly don't get why crust gets so little love. It's equally delicious! 




 I stand corrected. Also happy cake day! 




 Princess Bananahammock 




 I'm ashamed to say I didn't recognize him until you said his Heroes name. Delish. 




 Fry what have you done?! your hair is all different-y! 




 I actually had no idea what Steam was before buying Skyrim. I bought the DVD as soon as it came out and when it was installing Steam I was like: DAFUQ IS THIS SHIT? Needless to say I'm in love with Steam now.

I bought the GOTY edition for Oblivion and it came with a map of Cyrodiil. That was awesome. 




 [I will personally kill you, and eat your entrails on my tummy!](http://imgur.com/hQsv6Xd) 




 I can't imagine the amount of concentration put into this work. Well done!

As for me, I would make maybe about one rose really badly, get frustrated, and then just pile them on top of each other without any artistry. 




 S/he can mock me all day long. Such a cutie. I love how cats have unique face masks of their own! 




 I can feel the fluffiness beyond my cellphone screen. My cat's gonna be hugged extra hard when I get home.♥ 




 Aww :( Luckily I can't even tell they were once hurt. You guys must have taken real good care of him3 




 Unfortunately no. But reddit is full of gifted artists! Perhaps there's a sub where you can make a request? 




 Move to the ROK, where the Internet is super fast but ridden with Active Xs. 




 I'm sorry you lost him op. I'm sure he is now in a place where the wireless connection flaunts light speed and there is no loading screen. 




 I'm sorry he's no longer with you. He looks magnificent using that mailbox as his pride rock. Wonder if the post officer was terrified/happy to approach him? 




 "My eyes precipitate at the very thought of you having to drag yourself to work." :D 




 Yay another pic of Sherlock!

I have to be honest though, he seems wayyy sweet and snuggly for a Sherlock. I hope he develops *character* as he matures. :p 




 He (she?) would make a great protagonist in a cartoon series. Look at that expression on his face! It has... depth. 




 Do they also fight to the death during the day? I love it when they pounce on each other like hell and then snuggle so dearly like nothing happened. I know it's play fight, but man, those fights can be intense. 




 You and your boyfriend rock!

Look at those pink jellies 3 My cat has cocoa jelly beans but I have a weak spot for pink paws and white socks. 




 He is adorable... I would have cried if I had to part with him! Hope his new family takes good care of him as you did. 




 This has "photoshop battle" written all over it! 




 Though not American (but Canadian, so hey neighbour!), I agree with this comment. 









 I should really use this phrase. It adds a little extra to the original. 




 Thanks for keeping him safe until he found his family! Hopefully the new family could send you some pictures later? 




 I don't blame you. In fact, I'm sure I'll end up doing the same thing. I can't imagine growing attached to them only to have to send them away. I'm sure serving the kitties is tough, but I envy you so much for being in the company of such gorgeous kitties! My cat sure could use a buddy but bringing in another cat is just not in the cards right now. 




 You should make a screentshot comic out of him(her?). Sounds hysterical. I imagine a giant Nord dude squatting down trying to pickpocket a wood elf. 




 Now all he needs is a Watson! Thanks for taking care of him (presumably him, given the name?) 




 Any mode featuring poros predominantly is fine by me! I can't wait to see a giant King poro. 




 This won't probably mean a whole lot coming from a stranger, but it's not your fault. It's extremely unfortunate you lost her that way. Hugs. 




 Good on you for stepping out of the comfort zone. Hope she calls you back! 




 Trying really hard to imagine what "using hair as puppets" might look like. 
She sounds like a very sweet person! 




 I think I'll endure the pain for the millisecond of fluffy goodness. 




 Prison Architect :) 




 So funny, I was about to link the same Oatmeal! 




 Fight Club.

It's been a while since I read it, but to me the book seemed more like a stream of consciousness. It must've been pretty difficult to set up a more linear storyline appropriate for a movie, and Fincher did a fantastic job. 




 Yeah, when I first saw it I was dismayed by some changes, but now that I look back on it those cuts were necessary. If I could change one thing though, I'd bring back the original Shire showdown. 




 Homer Simpson despite the sex differences.

A chubby guy who doesn't know much about his work but has been on amazing adventures, well-liked by most people, married the woman of his dreams, etc. Also given the progress and life span of the series I'm quite certain he's immortal. 




 What's his/her name? So adorable! 




 I love the expression on his/her face. "Calm the fuck down." 




 In my first (relatively) successful escape I got stuck in the gate that was supposed to block the monster off. It was unable to hurt me but I was stuck and couldn't move at all. I just lost the will to continue :( 




 I think that was sarcasm. 




 Reminds me of Misfits! 




 I see. In that case I guess I could see why it would be displeasing to some. Still I doubt it justifies all the hate this man is getting. 




 Also working against water resistance isn't all that fun. 




