 The play argument may not work for me. And I completely agree with the anger part. My dad's anger is etched in my mind as negative memories that I don't want to relive. Many people have suggested that I get out of this "unhealthy" relationship. But I guess I'm an optimist, hoping that things will change someday. Plus, I love him and most if his other aspects. Ergo, I'm scared of not finding someone else. :/ 




 Maybe these techniques work differently for different people/personalities. I haven't ever felt that conflict is healthy. Competition is. I understand what you are saying, but I don't think it will work for me.  




 In my present relationship, I cannot bring up even unresolved conflicts from the recent past for a calm, rational discussion. Seems like all conflicts remain unresolved and swept under the rug. I, being acutely aware of their vile history, am even more cagey. So it really is building up and I don't know when I'll explode/break down. 




 I have a similar story. Different in the fact that I am able to enjoy some things and share experiences with others. Plus having a few hobbies - guitar/music, following sport, consuming sci-fi - helps. Have you any hobby? 




 If not at present, have you ever had this feeling? 




 Can you explain? 




 Have you tried seeking help? It may appear to you that it is not worth trying. But I found it helpful and it's helped me stick around. 




 That's similar to what I feel. Plus,  scientifically, there isn't any cure. :-/ 




 I don't think that getting into more conflicts will work for me. And I don't think my boyfriend will let me win anything. 




 Not sure I understand the second sentence. I think you meant than when you resorted to passive aggressive ways, there bad repercussions. I rarely ever shout, swear at, bad mouth, throw things, or let steam out because I think I'm the "good" or the "better" guy. I think no conflict works. Instead, educated conversations detailing problems and working on solutions works for me with other people. But my partner doesn't work this way. I'm stuck and I'd also like others' views. 




 I've been diagnosed with PTSD and MDD. in on pharmacotherapy and therapy. One of my main triggers is conflict or the fear of conflict. Unfortunately, I'm exposed to it a lot because my partner believes in fights and arguments. He thinks that these are signs of a healthy relationship. I am finding it difficult to manage the relationship, especially because I have tendencies for being  codependent and he's the dominant (older) one in the relationship. Can anyone suggest a strategy? 




 Thanks for the suggestion. I'm going to try it. 




