 Self driving cats huh? 




 And here I thought Salvador Dali did an exhibit on mushrooms. But observing art whilst on mushrooms is also awesome 




 So your self portrait kind of looks like The Rock with glasses 




 Contessa /s 




 I'm reading through the comments right now, but I don't have a question. However, I would like to thank you for taking the time out of your schedule to provide some fairly detailed responses to the questions presented?

Edit: had to add a question mark 




 I'm pretty sure I've seen this exact scenario with different names in almost every episode they do.  




 How racist would I sound if I said that sounds like a black name 




 danger zone  




 DANGER ZONE!!! 




 Steel as a first name sounds alright. Steel as a last name means porn 




 How is everyone? 

Went to the bar to drink, came home, snorted 3 lines of Molly, been smoking weed all day.  









 A new report shows your brain is broken  




 Miley y u do dis 




 Just watch the guy troll porn stars on efukt 




 Drinking whiskey and contemplating my new years eve plans. About 200 mg of tested MDMA, waiting on some 25i, pineapple express, and more whiskey for new years. Trying to balance what I want to do between helping my friends out. It's a debacle since I work when my dealer is sleeping and am off when my dealer works. 




 Go 25i lol always been a personal preference  




 Round 1: I like to think a river of souls, or over 2 million souls would consume most any size of opposition.     
Round 2: Alucard (even though I'm Hellsing biased. What do you do against someone who is able to regenerate perfectly with even 1 soul left?    
Round 3: Even more Alucard winning.  

Bonus : Eehhh 




 Sweet potato 8/10
Sweet potato with rice 11/10 




 1: A bunch.   
2: More than that.    
3: Even more than that/ all of them 




 One of my military buddies always tells me that 2 hits of acid will make you legally retarded...his words, not mine.  




 It really wasn't. I would have felt like a lonesome journeyman either way 




 Continuing they have. Being ok with the fact that time is irrelevant right now helps 




 Update: added music. Even better 




 /r/tripsit is being unresponsive and I figured I'd bring on me having some time off work. I wanted to relax, smoke a few hours, so I did. I also picked up an eighth of shrooms that I recently ate so there's that on the sensibility 




 Just not much to do at 230. No work or school or anything the next day so smoked for about 6 hours before eating an eighth of shrooms about a half hour ago. I just have no one to talk to and I usually have someone around 




 Batgod batprepped  for this batuation  (bat situation) and thus wins, no matter what. Batgod prep force  All 




 How much preptime does the billionaire have?  




 Sounds like that guy was really bad to warrant such action. But hey, hindsight is 20/20 




 Definitely my parents. They were both multi-sport athletes who were likable people. I was a hybrid between mathlete  and athlete  (moreso mathlete) with a dry sense of humor, abrasive personality, and an ego larger than a pair of JNCO jeans.  









 Thanks unnamed Youngster 




 Ricky wore a pompadour of sorts so no on the buzz cut, but everything else?  Pretty much 




 Christmas lights  




 Alcohol: I hold conversations like a normal person when buzzed (not drunk). Drunk me is fun though.

Weed: This world is too serious, sometimes. I unwind after the competition and rush of everyday life. 

Benzos: Rare, but usually only when I need something done or my social retardation goes into overdrive.

Psychedelics: I like to see things from a different point of view, especially when it is something through my own senses.

Mdma: When I want to party and enjoy myself, but I don't want to drink. Better than alcohol honestly, just less socially acceptable. 




 Mine changed their number twice because in their words "some sketch ass was tryna get demo, and I don't fuck wit it." But yea, my dealer and I are reasonably good friends, and I respect their wishes of not being sketch  




 Why is it every time I see Comcast and say something, I'm comment number 666? Am I Satan? 




 His name is Robert Paulson 




 A couple favorites actually.

Snoop Dogg: creates peaceful hip hop, moves to reggae, smoking weed the whole time. Then, he develops edgier music that culminates into songs about smoking, and a general disregard for the law. Point: dudes still smoking weed either way.

Behemoth: multiple lineup changes, lead singer gets and ungets leukemia, and the music is still metal as fuck either way. Mostly the same back and forth for me.


 




 /r/shittyaskscience 









 /r/nocontext 




 Boobs/10 




 How do fucking magnets work?  




 Jew?  




 Hi Kanye  




 I have the weirdest boner right now 




 Smoke weed. Listen to Biggie. I approve 




 Batman 




 I just saw this. Most poeple respond within half an hour to an hour depending on who sees it 




 Also,  Christmas was originally Yuletide, which was originally a pagan holiday blah blah blah  




 OP'S friend here. Sorry for being an asshole. She got drunk as a skunk and needed to be taken home. She tried sobering up but dudes wanting to fuck her kept buying her shots at the bar. If you want to talk tomorrow, I'll be available all day before 3 and I'll text you when I can at work lol 




 It's a comfort thing personally. Most people shouldn't be dicks about it, but for those who are, you might have to talk your way through it. Personally, every one who I do MDMA, or Molly even, around knows I do so they aren't too worried about it 




 He would be my ace over basically every other ace in existence. 




 Not feeling the bar so I decided to come home and put on some music . 




 My friends always seem to pull me aside whenever my pupils are dilated.  




 How's it treating you right now 




 Eyes are some of the most fascinating looking things around. My only complaint is that every substance I do or take seems to alter them, and make them a clear giveaway that "I'm on something.' I love the look of my eyes when i'm on certain substances,  but I wish I could find things to do that either wouldn't make my eyes extremely bloodshot or make my pupils dilate to the size of dimes.

Marijuana = bloodshot, 'lowered' eyes 
MDMA/Molly/MDA = Dilated eyes
25i/25c = Dilated eyes
Cocaine = Dilated eyes
Alcohol = I don't look at my eyes when I'm  drunk.
LSD = Dilated Eyes
Adderall = Dilated eyes
Benzos = I don't fuck with em much. I have an addictive personality. 




 One is an extreme anti drug hypocrite who would ruin it, and the other would likely either try to get me fired from my job or ruin my social life  




 Dude I know the feeling. I'm going to a decent get together this weekend (about 50 people) and I'm avoiding acid strictly because of two people who I refuse to trip around 




 Would that festival happen to be Coachella? 




 If I could teach them how to ride a high, or get them to take a tolerance break, then they wouldn't need as much weed. I took a 2 week break (went from almost an eighth a day to 2 hits) and the high honestly felt more genuine for me 




 Yea but it's kinda my fault for being irresponsible with my smoke and finances in the past 




 Life only has as much value as you want it to have, and most people aren't going to care what you do one way or another 




 I know OP in real life. Some of our other friends were wanting to see if I wanted to buy weed for me so they could smoke it. OP and the girl did their own thing, and I had another friend come pick me up. 

Edit: the plan we for me to buy an eighth and then smoke them out. Knowing these guys, they would smoke the whole eighth, and I don't exactly have $50 a night to drop 




 I use the term safeties, others use the term trip sitters. Basically to make sure you don't freak out or put yourself or others in harm's way 




 Context: I tripped with a couple of friends last night, but I left because some others in the group were trying to get me to buy weed so they could smoke it. I had another friend come pick me up to be my safety. I couldn't explain to him what kind of vibe I was looking for (words were hard) and he tried his hardest to set up a good vibe. So I wound up watching Deadman Wonderland and taking breaks to look into the mirror. Basically, I had an awesome trip, but but I wish I could let people know how to be the best safeties they can be.

Edit: Safeties = Trip Sitters  




 I'm glad you enjoyed your night bro. Sorry I had to split. I started getting a peer pressure vibe off the guys to buy weed.  




 An eighth of weed, 2 mg Xanax, and 800 micrograms of 25i. Does that sound like a good idea? 









 Comment #666: give me the Devils Karma 




 Jonesing. I told people it was dumb. Now I say it a little too often 




 OP is a faggot 




 Upvote  for using the word tachyon 




 No idea. I prefer heartstrings because it sounds more powerful 




 I miss my time at BSU 




 Shrek is love. Shrek is life 




 Pikachu. 10/10. So long as we count the movie with Mewtwo, Mew, and all the aggressive clones. Shit tugged my heartstrings.  









 In mobile it shows me the link and I have to confirm that I want to follow it 




 Username does not match the bad feelings lol 




  I just wanted to fuck  because I have this thing for nerds.

Same situation. Other gender. 




 Law Creation.

Round 1: I make the best lawyer because fuck my opponent, I just remake the law to fit my convenience.

Round 2: Phoenix Wright utterly kicks my ass at everything law related.  




 I think Stephen Curry has this about 5 days of the week.  




 Kiryuin Satsuki always wins. She always finds a way to win. /s 




 I'm Lorde 




 Weren't these two used as an indicor of the approximate tier of base Hulk? Just curious  




 Secret Santa be over the top 




 I read captain marvel and captain America and thought you were a dumbass for posting an obvious stomp. I apologize 




 What about jeans and a T shirt? Too hot for jeans, but not hot enough for shorts? Or too cold for t shirt, but not cold enough for long sleeves 




 That is Hell 




 [r/bestof] 




 Has anyone mentioned The Blacklist? Season 2 should be coming back soon. Two words: James. Spader. 




 Who would dare bet against Samuel L Motherfuckin Jackson 




 Ok Flanders  




 You're in the eye of the shitstorm 




 Shrek=love=life

FTFY 




 My story exactly. Except replace hash oil with plant 




 What size did you get to at the end? Just curious  




 but there's a notable user on this site who believes hulk can stand up to an enraged hulk..

Something about this doesn't sound right. Mad hulk  unmad  Hulk  




 Reddit makes me hate Contessa with so much of a passion 




 This past week or so have shown me that Loki is so much more than the trickster you're supposed to see in the movie universe 




 I appreciate the tropes  




 "Even though Superman is no longer bloodlusted, he is still trying to unalive you."

Still supermanfucked. 

 




 Master telepath in wheelchair vs incompetent delivery boy who is immune to telepathy. I'll buy it  









