 I would watch the shit out of that show 




 It depends on the context really. The last time I was at a conference and talking about social identities, I used the word "lesbian" because it's a widely understood term, no confusion. Among friends or acquaintances I say "gay". When with other LGBT friends I might jokingly say dyke or vagina enthusiast. I entirely avoid homo or homosexual, it's sounds cold and technical. Plus conservatives make it sound like some terrible pathology. 




 Source? 




 What are the effects of having a really large heart? 




 Which gene is Christianity located on? 




 I'm black and it is NOT my job to be responsible for black people I've never even met. Every person is responsible for their own actions. I've never called statistics racist (they are what they are) but I'm an individual and deserve to be treated as such. And fyi, there is no such thing as "the black community". We all have different beliefs and lifestyles. It varies by state, age, socioeconomic status and education.  




 Penthouse suite 




 Thank you:) 




 I'm bad at selfies but here's my [contribution](http://imgur.com/8Y4XPpW)! 




 She made a woman out of you eh? 




 Nope, lifestyle choice 




 Whoosh! 




 Channel your inner Michonne 




 Thanks for this, a fair amount of people don't realize sexual orientation isn't the same as cis or trans.  




 If this were a podcast, I'd listen. Good job! 




 I know this is a joke, but I don't honestly think that song is entirely positive. 




 As a fairly young person, how do I avoid becoming an ignorant old person? 




 I asked my mother if God was behind human reproduction (we were discussing pregnancy).

 nbsp;

*Why yes of course, how could you explain that miracle otherwise?*

 nbsp;


Ask if God is the reason for AIDS and syphillis:

 nbsp;

*No, that's human's fault because they're being nasty!* 




 If penises were shiny I'd probably touch more of them. 




 Nigerian perhaps? 




 Semi-related story: I was enraged when I read a newspaper article where a burglar filed a lawsuit against a guy he was robbing because he got hurt on his property. He got hurt trying to steal the lawn mower. That shit's ridiculous! 




 What does s.o.r. room stand for? 




 Bout 4 clicks up the road

Can you convert "4 clicks" into American measurements? 




 Tasty or Alex 




 That describes the majority of pet owners.

I'm wasn't referring to domesticated animals that have been bred to live alongside humans. I'm a pet owner myself. We're talking about an ape not a house cat. 




 So should we look, then look away? 




 Is there any mention of whether she had a mental disability or not? I just can't fathom the average person imagining they have a special relationship and going to a zoo 4x a week. 




 Maybe the zoo underestimated the amount of stupid one person could possess. Who would have thought someone would do that? 




 Breaking Bad reference, in case you missed that.  




 True periods last a week, children are forever (practically)  




 Not to me. I'm black and I approve. I'm also stealing that for future use.  




 Sure I'll get a boiling flask and methylamine. You go find an RV. 




 Aw yeah sleep!

*waits* 




 Take BC pills and skip the placebo week. Voila, no more periods. 




 I know that feeling too. If it happens alot, a new friend group might be a good change. 




 Getting old means you were young at one point. Be glad, some people don't make it that far. Hope you made the most of it. 




 Then being sad when her period finally comes on and you can't have sex for a week. 




 This brings the image of train wheels chugging to mind. 




 Dammit, my name is Stan Grandpa! 




 Goin' up!....On a Tuesday 




 Say what you will about Iowa but I'm glad I'm not from Chiraq. I like our cost of living and decent educational facilities.  




 Oh sorry! And I've been the victim of blood donation and drinking, worse hangover of my life. 




 Soo, I'm all out of plants, hook me up? 




 I worked there and we don't test for iron so that's interesting. 




 They take the plasma and put the red blood cells back in your body. 




 Aside from the initial needle poke into the fold of your arm there shouldn't be any pain.

Source: Former donor and former employee 




 I watched this documentary awhile back about the beliefs of African tribes in regards to female sexuality. The leader believed that if the clitoris wasn't removed at an early age it would grow out through the back of her head.

Can't make that shit up. Ignorance fuels these type of traditions. There's also the fact that if you don't get the procedure done you'll be considered unclean and unable to marry. 




 I'll save you! I'll finish med school in a couple years and take care of you:) 




 For porn 




 Wonder if he can touch his brain when he picks his nose? 




 Lesbians, by definition, are attracted to women, not genitals.

Going along with your line of thinking, what is a woman?  




 And tvs for that matter? 




 Aw skeet skeet skeet skeet* 




 What if you're really good at sex but no one wants to have sex with you?  




 Dem gainz 




 Make me a bong once you're done, please and thanks. 




 Slimy, yet satisfying 




 Caaaarrrrrlllllll 




 Read the thread, its Betadine cream. 




 You should definitely go to a doctor. The human mouth is swimming with things you don't want it your blood stream. 




 'Murica 




 I'm glad you've had a positive experience with female doctors! It's been the exact opposite for me. I had one provider say, oh this exam shouldn't be painful at all. The vagina's made to stretch I know what it feels like myself. After that I've gone to male doctor's because they seem a little kinder. 




 Not to be nosy but how do you afford this? I would love to go back and get a degree in computer science, my first was in biology, but I have no idea where I'd get the money from. 




 Gay women can get pregnant.... My married lesbian friends just had their first child. 




 All or some? What about them makes you go ew? 




 Wet or moist? There's a difference. 




 Sponge on a stick 




 What does it do? 




 The other 1% are writers for Buzzfeed. 




 Weapons of ass destruction: chemical warfare 




 I always thought periwinkle was a color. Like you can taste the light spectrum? 




 Pickled okra is pretty tasty as well. 




 I'm afraid I cant' come into work today.

Well why not Cindy?

I'm alcoholic. It'll interfere with performance. 




 I had a friend freshman year of college who would order her sandwich with a specific number of veggies. Such as: Gimme four slices of provolone, 3.5 cucumbers, 8 tomatoes and 2 oz of mustard. Sprinkle the lettuce. I know the employees were mentally cursing her out. 




 Did you say anything to him as he walked away? 




 0/10 with rice, or with anything really 




 Can someone explain the doge phenomenon? I see it a lot but have no idea what it's supposed to mean. 




 I use it for Craigslist dealings only 




 For some of my friends, the kid was the reason behind the engagement photos. 




 This was me with marijuana last year. As soon as I got home from work I'd get high and sit in my one bedroom apartment so I could keep myself together. It helped with my suicidal thoughts and anxiety. But like you it became a crutch, everyday sort of thing. I finally gave it away at a party and haven't bought any more since. I still have that psychological craving though. 




 I told student disability services on campus about my anxiety and depression, they worked with my professors to get extended time on my exams and an exam room away from everyone else. It really helped. Wish I had done it before my junior year. 




 Hello from another babyfaced individual! 




 Release the Krakito! 




 Novelty kitchenware is more cute than useful most times I think. I have an oven puller thing shaped like the devil. Gets the job done for the most part but oven mitts work much better. 




 No one knows you're a dog with a kitchen on the internet 




 It's obviously a Kindle with that type of print.  




 And fill him up with sour cream. 




 What, what? 




 "Sour cream" 




 I shudder at the though of anal after tacos. 




 Dem khakis though 




 Maybe they're genderfluid?  




 Your flair, I love it. 




 I wanna apply it to my teeth, for science. 




 What was the damage like? 




 Your masturbating is off the Richter scale 




 Can't lie, I've eaten a whole box when stoned. 




 Anything part time job for under 20 hours a week. I'm not really picky but I have the most experience in customer service and working in labs.  




 I'm a part-time graduate student looking for a job to hold me over for the rest of the semester. Can anyone recommend me a good website or resource to help me find a job besides Indeed.com and the student job board?

Thanks! 




 Are an important public figure or representative?  




 It's not that simple. I'm black but I don't have sex with men, so I'm lower risk than most. Plus my blood type is sought after because I can help people with sickle cell anemia. You can't just say black=HIV. It's a skin color not a behavior, like being gay.  




 Source please? In all my studies of neuroscience and sociology I've never heard this before.  




 Me too! Left handed lesbians unite!  




 I can't remember where I read this but I saw some article awhile ago hypothesizing a possible link between handedness and sexual orientation. It said gay people were more likely to be left handed on average. But like I said I'll have to dig up the source. Interesting stuff.  




