 That is heartbreaking D: (though the happy ending makes up for it :3) I hate to think how my piggies will be when one of them loses the other... 




 I lold :p 




 I mis-typed in my title and have no idea how to edit it *cry* 









 Yes same! One time I did this when out with my roommate... 




 About a year ago we moved to a flat where the tiny bathroom is basically three walls of mirror at face height. Seeing my face from pretty much every angle is one of the most grueling parts of my day.
My nose is so rounded and blunt at the tip and the nostrils. Oh God the nostrils. I wish my chin were a bit pointier too and something I've noticed recently since getting a full fringe is that I have a sloping forehead, like a Neanderthal or some other kind of proto-human.

Gah. 




 Can confirm, just got off the phone from my Mum. Never felt so alive. 




 Totally agree, even just looking at this makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside, and proud to be Finnish. And I'm not even Finnish. 

Plus there's just something so equalizing and dignified about this; every child, no matter their background, gets at least the same basic items to start with. Such a nice concept. 




 My soul hurts thinking about that movie. 




 Liking oneself. 

It seems to come to easily to other people and I've no idea how the hell to not cringe at everything I say, do, and how I look. I just don't get it. 




 This is great, how long did it take? :D 




 Adventure Time really is just the best 




 Penis. 




 Sorry, nothing came up when I searched 'Abracadaniel' 









 That looks really interesting, thanks. I guess I hadn't really thought about the psychological side of things, just the straight up nutrition business. 




 Neato. 




 So it really is just a matter of how (un)appealing it would be as a complete diet? That sounds fair enough I suppose... 




 Oh I've heard of plumpy'nut before, but could you actually live off it? I thought it was just a high calorie food suitable for those who are severely malnourished? 




 Kind of like Bachelor Chow in Futurama, or tasty tasty Soylent Green, I guess.

I mean, surely something could be made that gives you close to what our current understanding of human nutrition recommends we get each day. Like a vitamin pill but bulked out to make a sort of human chow. Artificial flavourings or whatever could be used to make it taste nice, right? Is there some obvious reason that it's not a thing that I haven't thought of? I mean, I guess it's kind of undignified, but then again so is living off of frozen pizzas and mountain dew.

I'd buy it. I'd buy the shit out of it.

Edit: Thanks, I woke up to a lot of useful discussion. I guess it just wouldn't be hugely popular unless in survival situations, damn humans and their decadent tastes for, well, nice tasting-things :p 




 Is this a haiku or...? 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auto-antonym Auto-antonyms are words that can have two meanings that are the opposite of each other. 
'Dust' might be my favourite

Edit: E.g. You can dust something as the act of removing dust or fine particles, or dust something as the act of adding them "she dusted the cake with icing sugar" 




 Just finished a book in which variations on the word 'twine' ('twined', 'twining') were severely overused. I don't think it was intentional, nor part of some motif, or maybe I'm just a plebian.

I'm glad this type of thing annoys other people too :p 




 It's not just that but the whole deal with self-proclaimed nice guys thinking that they are the one nice person in a universe of undeserving douchebags. It's really insulting to other men and to women: have a girlfriend? You must be a douche. Are you female? You only like guys that are douches, trust me, you may not think you do, but you don't know your own mind, you love douches. Also your boyfriend is a douche.

Everyone is a douche. 




 25 people liked it. Urgh. 




 Definitely one of my favourite internet sofas 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsYoeoEE3ww Very relevant Mitchell and Webb sketch 




 I saw from the thumbnail that this was an Ashens video and got excited 




 How dare he make that assumption. 

I for one was just busy taking a two hour sofa nap. 




 Came here to post just this, glad you found it :) 




 They're dried meal worms :) 









 I started doing this one day when I had to wait for a while for a train and then I started doing it in the gym. I try to count upwards (or maybe set myself a high number and count back down to 0) but can only count that number and move on to the next one when it comes up on a digital display.

So for example to start, if I were playing in the gym and I'm on a treadmill I need to see a 0 come up somewhere on the display (like on my time, or distance or calories burned, whatever), then a 1, 2 ,3 and so on. I can only use each number once, so if I'm on 22 I can't use the same 2 twice, I have to wait for another 2 to appear. If I'm somewhere with cars then I can use licence plates too.

Thrilling stuff. 




 Yep. Rude. 




 Yeah, the right outside his door thing definitely killed it for me. But still, that post and this thread, 10/10, am so creeped. 




 Oh. 




 "You're a gentleman in a world of scoundrels" - something I must tell ~~my boyfriend~~ m'gentlesir more often 




 On a related note, I read 'The Shallows' recently and found that to be worryingly relateable. It's true that the internet is a wonderful tool but, like all tools, our use of it has shaped our thoughts and behaviour. In some ways this is good, but in many ways we're neglecting our ability to attend 'deeply'.
I worry about my attention span often and how 'being on the internet' has just become my default setting over the years, yet I never actually 'do' anything when I'm online. Even when I was a young'un and we first got the internet in our house I used it differently. I'd sit through long videos, spend hours on a flash game or read long pages of text. It's pretty worrying I suppose.

Anyways, I recommend you read that book if you're keen to see some more opinions on attention and the internet, it's very interesting. ('The Shallows' by Nicholas Carr). 




 You might want to try /r/snackexchange or /r/CultureSwap :) Hope that helps 




 Good thing he didn't create evidence of himself harassing random people, oh wait. 




 Entering rooms without knocking, especially if you're getting changed. Growing up there was no space in the house where I felt like I had any sort of privacy or sanctuary because NMum would just steam right into my room, no matter what I was doing on some lame pretence and often just...hang about for a bit.

I've no other way to describe it, she often would do this courtesy 'knock' as she was coming in, but the knock was part of the same action as opening the door. Saying "sorry I'm busy/getting dressed/etc." had no effect. She would come in regardless.
Obviously very annoying to grow up with but now it's hilarious; when I'm home visiting and staying in my old room (am a student) it's just so obviously absurd how keen she wants to come in my room but how little reason she has to be in there other than the fact that she can.  




 Yeah, it's a bit of a problem in a lot of psych studies too. Trying to get a truly representative sample of participants for the population you want to generalise to is hard. 'Self-selection' bias is when your participant sample is made up of people who chose to be in your study of their own free will (e.g. answered an advert for your study). Thankfully in many studies it's not a huge source of systematic error in itself (ofc it depends what you're investigating) but it's always something to be aware of. 




 I particularly liked the fact that his devastating put down had a fundamentally good message behind it, kind of "hey let's not be so hung up on genitals and end the ridiculous pressure and significance we attach to penis size amirite" (though incredibly douchely put) but then throws down some homophobic insults at those who question him. 


Nice. 




 One step closer to Dune actually becoming reality :p 




 If this isn't from there originally I'd recommend cross posting to /r/IdiotsFightingThings  




 Whoah, context? ... un-hooray :( 




 Oh my golly

Edit: Mother of God that comment graveyard... 




 I'm sure I've seen a confession bear or something similar about someone who posted their hairy armpit to /gonewild pretending it was vag. Not sure how legit but... 




 'Nice guys' really do seem to say such straight up hateful things about other men... 




 One time I held up an umbrella over my Grandma whilst walking her somewhere. I got soaked. Sadly she Granddaughter-zoned me too :( 




 Why exclude those living in the southern hemisphere though? 




 But how do we decide which way the Earth should be facing? 




 I'm saluting at my monitor...and shedding wistful tears of pride 




 Oh my gosh. Thank you for reminding me about this book! Next time I go home I definitely need to dig out my old books from childhood and have a nostalgia-fest. This book meant a lot to me and had a fair bit of an impact for sure 




 Oh hai there fellow 24 y/o non-driver. I'm determined to learn this summer...we'll see if that actually happens... 




 I wonder what they're doing right now? I hope they're happy... 




 I think the same thing about people 




 I'd always meant to get around to reading Dune and had picked up a second hand copy of the first book back in my first year of uni. I started to read it then but ended up accidentally leaving it at a relative's house before I could really get far into it.

I then started reading it again a little over a year ago and though I was kind of unsure at first I was eventually totally won over. It was quite unlike what I had thought it would be.



Amongst certain other books that I'll always remember in connection with this past year, the Dune sequels have definitely helped me get through my first year as a postgrad and all the turmoil that entails.   









 Hang in there, it's so nervewracking losing a hamster or any other kind of small furry. Stay chill, set out baited bucket 'traps', keep the cat and dogs out the way and search everywhere you can think of. My advice would be to wait until it's night time or whenever your hammy tends to be the most active. Hopefully she's just curled up somewhere sleeping whilst you worry :p

Good luck OP, keep us posted. 




 Urgh, yes please to this. 




 Oh hey is that that poke ball icon theme too? 




 Also sorry I totally misstyped a bit, I meant  "deaf to [the sound of the waterfall]" not deaf in general. Sorry sorry sorry for any confusion, it was late (edited my original comment now). :p 




 I think it was One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest, but I'm not 100%. I just remember the main character casually musing about it at one point 




 I wonder about this a lot. Like those times when a noise like air conditioning or whatever is running and you only notice that you ever heard it when it suddenly stops...

EDIT: There was a bit in a book I love that talked about living near a waterfall, and thereby being completely deaf to it. 




 For some reason this is really comforting to know 




