



















 Very well - I had absolutely no idea! 




 Absolutely love that colour. 





























 Yeah I'll be honest, I didn't know whether or not I was stretching the definition of the term by posting it, but I decided to post it and let the mods decide her fate!  






















































 Haha I noticed that - is it a guy with one of those rage comic trololo faces?? 




 That's exactly where my frustration comes from. I try hard to post fresh content here, checking to make sure it's not in the top 50, or been posted in the last 15 days, and to come on and see that someone has actually taken the time to post such a nitpicking comment does my head in. I could understand if I'd posted a picture of a purple dress and said 'Green dress!', but red and orange are hardly a million miles away from each other. Surely people's enjoyment of these pictures aren't actually affected by any minor discrepancy between the title and what the picture actually shows? 









 I tried to find pictures that showed the heels more, but I couldn't :( This pic will have to do I'm afraid! 
























 [Fill your boots, good sir.](http://imgur.com/a/c6mJA) 




 Ah, really? :( 




 Indeed. Amy Childs isn't exactly what one would call a lady :D 



















 Eva Notty was my absolute favourite porn star until her most recent breast expansion. I think they just look awful now, whereas they used to look fantastic :( 




 Wow! Can anyone ID? 
























 That would be a bit *too* niche surely? :) 




 I am genuinely mystified as to why people post comments like this. So you came here to point out my mistake, saw that someone else had already done so, yet rather than just upvote them and move on, you upvoted (presumably) and then added this completely pointless comment. Are you really that desperate for everyone reading to know that you also spotted the mistake? That's the kind of thing I see in primary schools when a pupil blurts out 'I knew that!' when someone else gets the chance to answer, because they can't bear the thought of the teacher not acknowledging them for it. 




 No, my eyes don't need checking. The reason I thought it was orange is because my room is dimly lit in the evenings, and I also run a program called F.lux. Blue light is thought to upset the circadian rhythm, which is why using a computer before bed can have negative effects on sleep. F.lux is a program that blocks that some of the blue light that emanates from my computer screen, which gives it an orange hue.

Obviously I can now see it's red, but do you really think snide remarks about people needing to have their eyesight checked is going to encourage people to post here? I'd love to think you were genuinely concerned for me, but I seriously doubt that.

You'll notice that over 200 people upvoted the picture, and no doubt a lot of them saw my mistake, but the vast majority didn't feel the need to publicly point it out. 




 Henleymeat! 




 Is it? I searched her name before I posted and didn't see it. 




 I want to fall asleep IN them 




 Afraid not, sorry :( 




 Same here, I think she's fucking gorgeous. 




 I think this is Jodie Marsh 


















































































































 This picture is in the top 10 of /r/legs, for obvious reasons :) 



















 Haha this completely confused the shit out of me! I was sitting thinking 'eh?? I didn't post it here". I was thinking of it, but I didn't think it quite fit the criteria. Enjoy your ill-begotten karma!! :D 




 God, that area of a woman's body around the neck, collarbone and just above the breasts is so fucking hot on slim women. 




 Just wanted to return and say a huge thank you to /u/Rath1on for not letting me give up. I turned the difficulty down to Easy just to get through the dreadful prologue, and now I'm really having fun :) I do still find the combat a bit clunky and unresponsive, but on the other hand, it can be really exhilarating with the improved power of the signs etc.

Thanks! 




 I do exactly the same thing and for the exact same reasons. I love watching the NFL but I always find myself wondering how people watching it on TV put up with these constant adverts,  they drive me absolutely mad. It was the same when I watched Aussie rules football in Australia. Certain channels literally had an ad break every time the game was stopped for whatever reason. It was awful!
 




 That thumbnail makes them look like conjoined twins. 




 Thanks for the ID :) 





























 Before the rest of my comment, I would like to make it clear that I absolutely agree that banning a child for 4 days for bringing in a small packet of mini cheddars is absolute lunacy.

However, having now worked in schools for a number of years, I would like to comment on some of the points raised here. A lot of comments focus on the fact that foods shouldn't be taught as good or bad, and that things like crisps etc. should be ok, as long as they form part of a good overall diet which is true. But while it's clear that everyone on this thread is well educated in what a child's diet should look like, the reality is that a lot of parents are either uneducated, or simply don't care, judging from some of the packed lunches I've seen pupils bring in, packed with crisps, fizzy drinks, sweets etc. If the parents are unwilling or unable to become educated about healthy eating, then it falls to us to instill that in pupils. The lack of education on subjects such as this among some parents is one of the main reasons we need to do PSHE (Personal, Social and Health Education) lessons in schools. Everything contained in these lessons, including those about a balanced diet, are things that pupils should be taught by their parents but, for whatever reason, they aren't.

People might also say that it's none of the school's business what a parent wants to feed their child, but I personally disagree with this. Of all the schools I've worked in, only one has not had a healthy eating policy, which meant pupils could bring in whatever they want, and the behaviour in that school was definitely the worst I've ever encountered. I realise that in itself can't be considered evidence, as there are other factors involved, but there are plenty of studies to indicate that healthy eating does improve children's behaviour on the whole. Trying to get 30 16-year-olds settled and focused when they're up to their eyeballs in sugar and caffeine wastes a ridiculous amount of time, that could, and should, be spent teaching.

Like I said, I agree that the situation contained in the link is overkill of the highest order, but to the people who are outraged that the school is trying to dictate what the pupils eat - it's done for the right reasons, but implementation of it is often troublesome. 




 Hmm, I just checked and that happened on my mobile, but not with my PC. No idea what's going on, sorry :( 




 Actually yeah, this is my favourite one now. I love how he's got Tim Lovejoy's mannerisms down to a tee with his 'I may be older but I'm still one of the lads waheeeeeeeey' routine. 




 Pictures here are nsfw by default. 



















 Haha I loved the line about escape velocity. 












































 Yeah, quite apart from the dress showing off her great figure, she's absolutely gorgeous. 
























 Her name is Blondey McLeggyleg

Disclaimer: I may have made that up in order to allow the picture to stay. 
























 Christ on a fucking bike.

Thanks mate! 




 [Source](http://www.playvid.com/watch?v=jfdeYl5Try0) 









 What the fuck! Anyone know who this is?? 




 Not that I'm aware of :( 




 I've sent a message to the mods to ask if this picture is suitable for this sub. Obviously it's tight around the upper body, but not the lower half. Would be interested in the general consensus. 



















 One of my favourite models, her body is absolutely insane. 
























 I'm afraid I don't know but I think this looks like an advert for glasses or something so she might be a pro model.  




 I can't decide what impresses me more, your candour or your vigour! :-) 









 While I'm not colour blind, I'm notoriously bad at getting colours right in pictures. This being yet another example! 


































 Yeah I think I'll drop the difficulty for this awful prologue certainly, then perhaps put the difficulty to normal and see how I fare once I start getting some skills. 




 Do you parry absolutely everything if not doing attacks?

The reason I say the quen slows things down is that I can be fighting, then realise I need to quen, so have to physically stop moving, then cast the quen, and then keep fighting. The stop start nature of it seems so clunky to me, unlike the games I loved the combat in like Arkham Asylum or God Of War 














 Well, I've tried the FCR and I'm afraid you're going to be losing more sleep! It's certainly an improvement, but not enough for me to try playing the whole game. I know what the main thing is now that I don't like about it, and it's the problems with the parry/riposte system. In the vanilla game, your animations are too slow, and you can't cancel them so you get killed so easily by other guys unless you constantly roll all over the place, and in the FCR, it doesn't seem to have any kind of parry system that you control, it seems totally random. And then, having to stop every now and then to cast Quen just slows everything down again. I'm afraid I just find it far too unwieldy to be enjoyable, but thank you for the help :) 














 Yeah I'd be starting afresh anyway :) Thanks 




 What are the re-post rules on this sub, if any?

I only ask because a number of picture subs I'm part of have a no re-post rule for the top 50 or 100 pictures, and this picture is number 7 in the top 100 here. Just wondering what the case is here. 
























 I already tried FCR2, but couldn't really get to grips with it, but will go back and try it again. 




 This is why I asked whether or not the dodge spam is just in the prologue, or whether it carries on throughout the game. Part of the reason I'm struggling is definitely because I have so little in the way of traps, bombs etc. I just don't like the idea of, even with having lots of resources to hand, constantly having to roll all over the place. I'll reinstall FCR2 and give it another go :) 




 Definitely not misquoting. The number might be slightly off, but it was definitely about a picture of an erect penis versus a picture of a vagina. 




 Thank you, my liege! 

I go forth with a fire in my heart, and will strive to yet further the cause of this beautiful subreddit. FOR TIGHTDRESSES!!!

Seriously though, thank you very much :) 









 I can't remember exactly where I read this, but I think it was Men's Health. They had a little fact page and one of the facts was that, according to a survey they did, about 65% of men, when given a choice, would rather look at a picture of an erect penis than a vagina. To be honest, I'm also a heterosexual male, and I'd choose a picture of an erect penis every time. 


































 Thanks a lot for the detailed response. Unfortunately, I don't think the game is going to be for me by the sounds of it, which is such a shame, I absolutely loved the first one! 

But the 3rd one should be out in the not too distant future, so hopefully I'll be able to enjoy that one :) 














 I've just recently started playing the Witcher 2, and unfortunately I'm just not enjoying it at all due to the combat. I've read loads of things online about it, and the general consensus seems to be in order to be successful you use signs, attack, roll away, and repeat this over and over. Is that the case the whole way through the game?

Before people start having a go at me, I'm not saying the combat is bad, I'm just saying I personally don't find it enjoyable and won't do if dodge spam is a large part of what I need to do the entire game.

Would appreciate any replies.

Thanks!  









 Cold, and yet, so hot. 









 Christ, those legs! 




 Bang tidy! This is Rhian Sugden, by the by.  




 Yeah, sorry about that, couldn't find one without it :( 




 I cannot get enough of this woman. 









 [Not a bother](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Coolidge_after_signing_indian_treaty.jpg) 




 Her name is Miss Meena if you're interested. 














 thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou 



















