 It's called Pico de Gallo in my house in Austin. I also make *chile* which is just green chiles, lime juice, onions, cilantro, and jalepenos or serranos, but no tomatoes, and maybe a little salt. Perfect topping for soups and goes great on eggs.

Good base for Pico de Gallo looks similar:

2 4oz. cans Hatch green chiles - hot or mild
1 large sweet onion, diced  
1/2 head cilantro, de-stemmed and chopped  
2 fresh squeezed limes  (juice)  
2 medium sized, ripe tomatoes, diced  
2 serrano (hot) or jalepeno (milder) peppers, de-seeded and diced  
2 cloves garlic, minced  
1/2 tsp. salt, to taste  
1/4 cup red chili powder  

This makes about a quart.

Wash all your veggies, chop them up, and have some good tortilla chips handy. This stuff doesn't last long.

Try toasting the peppers before dicing them, or adding different types of peppers (chile arbol, sweet peppers, habanero, etc).

**Note:**  Be careful when dicing these peppers, particularly habanero. You want to try to keep the nooks of your fingernails or any tiny cuts you may have from being exposed to the core of the pepper. De-seeding peppers without getting that stuff on your fingers is kind of an art form. Whatever you do, wash your hands several times afterward and do not touch your eyes or your SO's junk for a couple days.

Use of tomato is optional. I typically don't use tomato unless I'm making large batches, going for potency with the small batches.

Stuff is outstanding when mixed with hamburger meat for big burgers. They sell a variety at the grocery store here and call them Cowboy Burgers. Phenomenal on the grill with some Jalepeno Jack cheese melted across the patties over the fire.

Source: been eating/cooking TexMex for 35 years.

---

Since I'm in the mood, might as well share a snack recipe.

1 leftover steak(s), sliced up  
1 package quality flour tortillas  
1 grated cheese of choice  
1 pico de gallo from above  

Begin by heating large skillet to med-high heat.

Slice up the leftovers and fry it up in some butter at low heat in another pan. Turn off heat.

Lightly toast one side of a tortilla in large skillet, adjusting temp to not burn tortillas instantly.

Flip the tortilla and pile on some chunks of steak, some grated cheese, and some pico.

Fold it over and place a flat iron or a pot on top of it at it sizzles in the skillet.

Flip it after a couple of minutes, flatiron, serve with sour cream and guacamole.

Unless you have a lot of leftovers, 4 or 5 of these usually only serve 1 - the cook. They're pretty addictive.
 




 Maybe... some people have more than one device hooked up. 




 small strip of molding would be less of a mess i guess 




 why not put it in the wall? 




 Satire. That's what this is going to turn into. 




 Or someone's open Pabst. 




 Bittersweet, though they don't mention how much beer was sacrificed. Probably best that way. 




 Just another way to funnel money around. Great job at contributing to the decline of the local music scene, CoA. 




 Can someone put into perspective how much money this is in terms of research? What can realistically be expected out of these labs once the money is spent? Seems like they would be able to do cancer research on the moon for this much money. 




 Unfortunately, this is not about the unborn child. This is about the rights of a victim of a crime who was otherwise being forced to bear the child of the perpetrator. 




 that's half of your claim. where are the demographics for r/Austin?

don't get me wrong, i'd bet money that you are right, i'd just like to see where this goes. 




 do you have a source for these statistics? 




 Good work takes me away for a moment. It makes me forget my day to day disposition. Really good poetry makes that fire on a cylinders and inspires me to write my own, and the best just leaves me with a feeling of contentment, of satisfaction for a good while like a drug.

So the question for me is, what causes the escape from reality that I seek when reading poetry? I like poetry that unwittingly gives away something about the writer because I'm sick like that. I like some poetry other's would consider mindless or drole when it tells me the poet is new to the art, or someone who never writes but has had something powerful happen to them, even if they have little grasp on linguistics.

Although I have been accused of writing narrative work (e.g. stories about pirates or something) from time to time, I find that "style" to be less appealing than the conveying of raw emotion in a context to which I can relate, such as pain from losing a loved one, or the dynamics of actions and consequences and regret. To me those are the most powerful because they offer easier access to insight into my own feelings.

This is not to say I wouldn't know a great piece of work if I saw it, but everyone has their preferences when it comes to taste in the opposite sex.  




 This acupuncturist had an entire wall full of herbs and concoctions. Like you say, she would probably claim to be able to cure anything.

Placebo or not, it set me in the right direction, if only for a while. That's what I needed at the time and that's what I got. Would do again 5/5, know what I mean? 




 When you are at the end of your rope you'll grab on to anything.

I had acupuncture performed about 15 years ago. For argument's sake, let's say it was to rejuvenate. The acupuncturist put me on a regimen of weird herbs, and she told me about a month into it I was going to get very sick, and that when I was better, all would be right.

The acupuncture itself was interesting. Peaceful music. Pleasant person to talk to.

Needles hanging out of my body everywhere.

I did get sick about a month later, sicker than I can remember ever having been. After a few days of intense pain, I woke up with the sun, feeling amazing.

And I never wake up early.

The good feeling lasted a couple of weeks. I ran out of the herbs and asked the acupuncturist what to do next. She said it was up to me to decide on how I want to live my life, that she couldn't do anything else for me.

That, to me, does not sound like a con artist. YMMV. 




 Yes, thank you... 




 no.. it struck me that it could be read from left to right or top to bottom, and i think the second version will have some words rearranged so you can do just that. as it stands, it is to be read from top to bottom like a normal paragraph, starting with "The night you...".

Thanks for bringing it up. It needed clarification. 




 Thank you for your comment and the link. I have a shell to break and this kind of thinking helps a lot. 




 Definitely going to work this one over a few times for the books. Thanks for reading! 




 feedback taken to heart, and then some:

http://imgur.com/r/Poetry/zYtAG6n

and since you asked nicely:

http://imgur.com/5qVjjn4 









 No offense taken at all. I take the subject matter to heart. This last month I have begun writing again after a 15 year block, where before I was putting out a song, story, or a few poems a day for several years, piles of it printed up around me. There were some real gems in there, lost forever in print, and I intend on recouping by incorporating this type of criticism into what's new.  




 Thanks - I caught that "an" right after I submitted this. It should be "the".

Someone asked me to center justify another piece in an effort to convey how the time spent with loved ones being described went by like sands in an hourglass. I could not rewrite the original piece well enough to do this undoubtedly common device justice, then this poured out. I could probably have started off by saying I am aware of how gimmicky this looks, as I did in the original post, but thought I'd forego an explanation this time.

Interesting how you find the second line pointless. That phrase actually served as a basis for the six lines, and was perfectly long enough to fit where it does with respect to where an introduction sits between the first glance and a warm feeling. I am also trying to convey how much that first impression counts, how an introduction is the inch given to someone special who takes a mile, and then some, thus: 'an introduction's inch more than a mile". 

I think the bottom half is kind of a train wreck, but if I allow myself to read it from the perspective of someone who has not yet, it doesn't look so bad.

Thanks again. Your piece, "To see is rare", is amazing by the way. 









 I am absolutely interested in editing and can get started right away.

Digging through some stuff for a submission now. Thank you so much! 




 Wish I knew about this earlier. I've never published anything and want to be part of this. I'd like to help with feedback or editing. I am a technical writer by trade if that helps. 









 10% off of their prices means you are still paying 89% more than their junk is worth. Target is an overpriced Walmart with the same crap but better looking packaging. Their meat, milk, produce, and goods are all imported from Slave Labor, Whereverthefuck anyway.

Fuck target. I asked my wife not to shop there for those reasons alone, and now I have thousands to deal with on my credit card because she just had to have some piece of shit bamboo picture frame or some shit. Fortunately I have a good credit union, the funds are returned, and I have a new account.

Yes my credit card got run through three or four companies in North America out of the blue just last week, right when this news hit. I've been using plastic for decades and have NEVER had this happen before.

Fuck target. They should be paying their IT guys better. Run a free fucking VPN client from your POS systems into your business core, use a fancy NAC product, certificates, you know, multi-factor AUTHENTICATION, and you wont have to worry about someone busting into your wireless networks, you money grubbing assholes.

I can't wait to get in on the class action lawsuit. Wouldn't it be hilarious to see the look on a tech-saavy judge's face when he reviews their internal security audits, their PCI audits. What a fucking farce.

/rant 




 Have you read "House of Leaves"? It's a nightmare inducing horror story written just for people like us by people like us. 




 What an ending. Great work! I startled the dog when I laughed out loud with you. Thank you for that. 




 I love this. You've pushed alliteration to great limits, harnessing what I can tell is a wide vocabulary while capturing a moving story.

Mind if I stand on your shoulder for a second?

When wandering with whimsical wonders, where we will wind up,  
riding ‘round rattled roads reaping raging ruckii,  
fortunes found from friendly followings.  
Floral fractals flying from fallow fields,  
clouds communicating compounding colors, creating cryptic codes,  
manic mysteries morphing many magnificent marvels  
Slowly slurring specifics, slightly psilocybin-centered sentiments,  
throwing theoretical thoughts through the theoretical theme,  
idealistically identified in incapacitated intervals.  
Sentimental existential sanctified endings,  
but beginning by brotherhood bonding;  
systematic sight sought synchronously  

You cans see, I've rearranged the sentence structure by using different conjugations/forms of the same words to transpose subject and predicate (for arguments sake) while trying to maintain the original impact the words had on me, but the way you tie it together at the end is what it's about and very difficult to mutate and impossible for me to imitate.

Bah. I like yours a lot better. More!!! 




 This is so much.. There is so much in there dying to get out. Draw from this. I use this sort of thing in my notes to assemble ideas and produce cohesion. This kind of spoken word the aquifer from which the well flows.

Swim in it, bottle them up, and bring us back some more to consume. 




 Your work, [Can You?](http://www.reddit.com/r/Poetry/comments/1gdski/can_you_thank_you_for_reading/) is a powerful reminder of my 19 year old self, and that style stowed away while I was out of commission all these years.

Stick to it is what I say. I let someone stomp out the flames I had inside me long ago, and it cost me my ability to obtain inspiration for a very, very long time - the prime of my life. It took the depths of a dying depression and someone nice enough to listen to every single word of self pity I could muster in order for that fire to rekindle, to restore my faith so to speak. As such, it would be very inspiring to read more of your work and I urge you to post.

Don't let go whatever you do. Find someone that inspires you to improve yourself. 

Here's a funny one to lighten the mood. It wound up being pretty popular here, another casualty. I will repost it in a couple of days so I don't get banned or something.

Dear zit on my ass  
Won't you go away  
I found you in the shower  
While bathing myself today  


Zit on my ass  
Please leave me alone  
I feel like that girl  
I call on the phone  


Zit on my ass  
Why are you still there  
I feel like I hate you  
And I want to stare  


Zit on my ass  
Please leave me be  
How I have told you  
She doesn't want me  


Zit on my ass..  
How I wish I could  
Sit a normal position  
As normal ass should  


Sit on my ass  
That's why you're there  
Because I am lazy  
Because I don't care  


Zit on my ass..   




 Hi, had to check out your comment history after you complimented my work to see what kind of person you are. I think I found what I was looking for and hope these words offer comfort.

I have come to learn that parents already know how you feel. Telling them to their face may not benefit anyone. My parents know where their faith lies with me just as much as they know how much their faith has lied to me.

There are no easy answers. Time is your best bet. I know I'd never tell my mother I'm an athiest because it's a stupid thing to say to a delicate woman such as herself. She is elderly and can believe whatever she wants, and I'd have words with anyone who'd do anything to upset her condition. I am a grown man now and am past the detriment brought about by a religious upbringing, and harbor ill will only towards those who take the name of a deity in profit.

I think the real question is, what is there to be gained from blurting out hurtful words to your parents? Unless you live in a commune and/or are seeing people abused in the name of religion, it's difficult to justify the pain. 




 What a great compliment - wow! I am slowly digging up at few things I had deleted due to interpersonal reasons but am realizing there is nothing in them worth hiding from anyone. It's my outlet and I'll say whatever I want. I haven't written anything in about 15 years and its coming back with a vengeance.

This is the fallout left of when my submission history got nuked by a bottle of Fireball:

http://www.reddit.com/user/train_subject7364/submitted/

Exile is the best by far in my opinion. Check out [RAUNCHY](http://www.reddit.com/r/Poetry/comments/1tef16/oc_raunchy_probably_nsfw/), work in progress. Might take a month or too to chisel away at it, so the feedback really helps.

Thanks again kind stranger. 




 Reposting after feedback. What do you guys think of my flower pot? haha.. 









 silicone sin indeed. great job. i can relate to this whole poem in a big way. thank you for posting.

there is a story of foreboding and mortal pleasure in this.

with imagery like this one day you'll find yourself consumed allright. keep up the good work! post more! 




 Thank you! This morning it started raining and it stayed dark, and that kind of gets me going. The thought of whether or not women blush in the dark struck me in jest, and here you have it. The one that flew out next made me decide to stay in today and write. 




 Too close for comfort?  
Too warm in the room?  
Too charmed to speak?  
Too much too soon?  


Your cheeks feel hot,  
Against my rough face,  
Your pulse is faster,  
Than my slow pace.  


Here we are,  
Alone this night,  
Myself pallid,  
Yourself alight. 


Naughtier words,  
Your skin flushes,  
Slowing hands,  
Your breath rushes.   


What does that to you?  
Was it something I said?  
Are you red right now?  
In the dark, in my bed?   




 As much as I love to tear up a bar, if I were living down there I'd rather have some distance between my home and all that racket. This is just progress. 




 Half the people commenting on this are getting downvoted. Why? What is it about this topic that makes people abuse Reddit's voting system instead of discuss the issue?

We are all entitled to our own opinion, and when it comes to things like this, opinions can run a little strong. I clicked on this wanting to gain the perspective of someone who would even question this inevitability. This is a FOX channel, not KLRU. Of course it's going to get worse. Like they say, The Revolution Will Not Be Televised.

So now you have my opinion. Is it contributing to this discussion? In the sense that I am expressing my disdain for the further decline of our national media, but your question was about whether or not we should be concerned.

My answer to that is no, and it comes from my "slanted" opinion that FOX news pumps out bullshit propaganda for the rich and powerful 24 hours a day and there is nothing that can be done to stop it. It's not like the people who watch FOX7 are suddenly going to turn into Tea Party bandits and start rioting. If anything, this will alienate even more viewers, particularly the younger crowd, and to me, that's a good thing and thus no cause for alarm.

 




 It's been writing on the wall for decades. Look at downtown Dallas - that place is fucking dangerous. It reminds me of downtown LA with shanties propped up next to those skyscrapers. Sixth is a real shithole at about 1 AM on any given night these days, drunks staggering around looking for fights, cops everywhere, crackheads and crazies being pushy about asking for money. It's dystopian.

But don't say that too loud. You might upset all those people that moved here to live in those overpriced condos. 




 I wound up with it too a couple years ago and found it no more debilitating than the common cold. The "normal flu" was 10x harder on me. Lucked out I guess! 




 This is great. I am glad you guys got over it so quickly. I have little ones and when they get sick it can be scary. It sounds like you have yourself a real trooper there. 


I had a friend wind up in ER last week with a work injury who later dropped by to tell me all about his trip to the hospital. He said ER was packed with people with masks over their faces coughing - ask he is standing there shaking my hand, sneezing.

"Este vato!", I tell him. He's like "Oh shit sorry lol". I brought him inside and we dosed down with vitamins, green juice, and v8. The next night I started getting that familiar tickle in my nose and throat and thought for sure I was going to come down with something. I jumped out of bed and took 1 tsp. curry, 1 tsp. turmeric, 1 tsp. minced garlic, and 1 tsp. of cumin just for kicks.

An hour later I started getting a fever and feeling like total shit, but yesterday I woke up as if nothing had happened. My stomach bothered me all night though. Not sure if eating that much powdered spices is good for me, but I know one thing: I'm not going to ER.

My friend is fine but the rest of his family is really sick now.

 




 FTA:

In a news conference, President Vladimir Putin expressed no regret for the Pussy Riot members. "I was not sorry that they ended up behind bars," he said. "I was sorry that they were engaged in such disgraceful behaviour, which in my view was degrading to the dignity of women."

O WISE ONE: What do us mortals have to learn from this? Please elaborate on how we are allowed to love our Women. Evidently I have not built a large enough dungeon. If you could provide the dimensions proportionate to the number of souls I could capture, I would be forever in your debt.

Edit: Capitalized the word Women, because I respect that word. 




 I hate this bot. It makes me think someone had something comforting to say, which I would probably hate anyway. 




 That's a tough one, for sure. It get's across to me a few things and that is probably saying a lot.

Your concentration on the details that drive action are what make it. This is a real hit. In my perspective there's an endless supply, but I'm begnning to wonder if it fades, so I can stick with this. 




 I wrote a term paper criticizing the college for using antiquated and proprietary, costly software in an educational environment, and got promptly kicked the fuck out.

Go have sex on the hood of a car where everyone can see you and then run like hell. 




 D.A.R.E. 




 I have proof of this. The farther away I get from my ex the better our relationship has become. 




