 Not sure why this is in r/funny.... 




 Reeeeeeeeeepost. 




 Oral hygiene, it can save your heart! 




 Self cleaning antibacterial kitchen surfaces, robot maids/butlers, shower walls that don't get that soapy scum mould on them, microwave meals that taste like properly cooked food... 




 They would all be dead. 




 For accusing someone of giving inaccurate information, you sure didn't read the OP too well yourself. The OP is the girlfriend of the deceased and she is asking others to wear helmets to protect themselves.
Yes, the guy may have been riding badly, but I think the accusation of karma whoring is a little OTT to be honest. 




 She certainly has the superiority complex! But then again she is 6 and I think a lot if kids that age are fairly egotistical! I am going to see if I can visit with G T school and check out if they have a late application process. Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Would it make a difference that this is a charter school, set up with the purpose of helping these children excel? I am not worried about whether she is the shining star, a leader, or a follower, I just want her to be happy. 




 Thank you 




 Thank you for replying :-) 
Did you find it hard to socialise with your peers? What would you suggest for encouraging her to make friends of her own age? School admitted today that they bribe her to play with her peers with extra math work? :-)
(as in, she loves math so much she always wants to be doing some!)
 




 My daughter is 6 years old and will turn 7 in December. 
She is currently reading at around a high 2nd to 3rd grade level. Her math is at high 2nd grade level. Her current Kindergarten teachers have identified her as G T and suggested today that, although her allocated school for grade 1 is very good, she might be better off attending a school for G T pupils for her to achieve her maximum potential.
She has pretty much all of the characteristics of a G T child, she is obviously very bright, but she finds it hard to bond with peers, preferring to talk and work with adults. 
She completes the bare minimum of work necessary if she is not given extended guidelines to follow on quantity and quality as she 'does what the other children are capable of'. When given extended guidelines she can produce high quality work easily. 
She has little to no interest in playing with other children unless the play revolves around fact finding or discovery, e.g. she spent today playing with a group of boys finding and describing insects outdoors.
She also has all the wonderful emotional insecurities and anxieties of a young child trying to process thoughts beyond her emotional years. She has a huge fear of the unknown, and becomes very anxious when she does not know someones expectations of her. Change leaves her very insecure and I think she over analyses a lot in seemingly simple situations. 
I would hate to see her become lost in the education system, but I also worry that placing her in a G T school may ostracize her from peers in social settings. 

Do I give her a year at the public school and see how things go, or do I try to get her enrolled in the G T school?

As an aside, there are two other children in her current class that will be attending the G T school.  




 My exact thought! 




 What happened to the other thread? 




 Sjogrens syndrome? ;) 




 Actually free if it is for a child. 




 Thanks :-) I have been referred now to the National Jewish team. Hopefully one of them has some experience with EDS. I just want to get out of this bad pain cycle! 




 That's the first gif where he has actually appeared attractive to me.  









 I have emailed them to see if any of their doctors have experience with, or patients with, EDS. They look great! Thanks again! 




 Thank you :-) I will check him out! 




 I am need of a recommendation for a rhumatologist or rhumatology specialist in the Denver area. 

Preferably nearer to Aurora or Parker, but I don't mind travelling further out. 

Preferably with knowledge of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.

They also need to take Cigna/GWH insurance.

I hope someone out there can help!

Thanks in advance x 




 We did this and it made a HUGE difference to us opening up to each other sexually. And we have been together 13 years! 




 I love you :-)
 




 Handcuffs, lube, dildo :-) 




 I have two young children. Nothing is weird anymore. 









 Ziggler vs Jericho :-) 









 Just watched Pitch Perfect again. Sigh :-) 




 Totally hot. Going to a WWE house show in two days. Hoping to see him and a few other wrestling hotties :-) 




 It would make more sense to show the weight in grams. I guess younger children can visualize the size of a tsp better? :) 




 I am not certain, but from the amount of sugar in each bag, it would appear that they have been labelled as x number of tsp, but they have used a tbsp to measure out the sugar. I have seen this mistake before in a kindergarten class doing the same comparisons. 









 me too. I thought it was normal to wake up in pain every morning! 




 Soooo apparently I have a degree of color blindness... 




 I meant to add that the CBT course above is the one used by the NHS in Cornwall. 




 Online CBT course here -

http://www.cci.health.wa.gov.au/resources/infopax.cfm?Info_ID=46

Usually through your local NHS is a 6-8 week wait for high risk cases, slightly longer for lower risk, but it depends on where you are.

Private CBT is *very* expensive.

I hope this helps. 




 I usually win and throw the tp roll at him in consolation :-) 




 Thats not good :-( I hope you find your way back again soon xxx 




 I am between picture 6/7 at the moment.
 




 Soooo space is fruity? 




 Well done! 




 You can see if you can get it in, but there might not be room today. 




 Well done on getting out of the house! :) 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks, I hope you manage to get even a little done :) 




 Thank you :) 




 I know what you mean! I usually am quite good with my day to day lists, but I have had 0 motivation or energy to even write them recently!
 




 Yay, scribblenaughts :)
 




 Your sister looks EXACTLY like my daughter! I did a triple-take! :-) 




 damn onions 




 Hehehe someone edited it to "...and I like pizza'. I was too slow to get a screenshot before it was changed back. 




 I tend not to go far if there is a chance of snow, but now I have put blankets, coats, gloves and hats, and some bottles of water and snack bars in the trunk :) 




 Stay safe! 




 Hehe thanks :-) 




 I am :-) 




 I have Google reviewed them. I also sent a message of thanks to their head office. 




 I certainly have! Annoyingly they were all in the car the day before, but we took them out to take my husband to the airport and I forgot to put them back in the trunk! 




 Me too! 




 Thankfully it was the battery. Apparently it had been slowly loosing fluid and then with the sudden drop in temperature it just gave out. I hope your applications go well! 




 It was the one on S Gibraltar Wy and S Himalaya. 




 I hope your leg is ok :) 




 I stupidly went out to run some quick errands today assuming the snow would fall when the forecasters predicted.

The snow hit just as my daughters gym class ended. Unperturbed I parked up at King Soopers in Centennial to do my groceries and when I came back out laden with shopping and two hungry and chilly kids, my car battery was flat. Dead. Kaput.

So, now I have a car going nowhere, no coats or blankets, and two cold and scared kids.

I tried a few friends on my mobile, but no one was in or answering their phones, then my network dropped out.

I got out of the car (in a t-shirt and jeans) and looked under the hood to see if there was anything I could do.

The guy parked in the space in front of me got out of his car to check what was up. He too had a flat battery and was waiting on a friend to come and give him a jumpstart. 

When his friend arrived, they tried to start my car first, but it was completely flat and we thought maybe the alternator was gone. They offered me a ride and a coat, but I didn't have anyway to get the car later, even if I called a tow.

I spotted an old Brakes Plus sticker on the car and called them from the superstore (they let me use their phone!) as I knew they were just across the block from where I was. The guy on the phone was very sweet and when I explained I had the kids with me and no coats etc, he offered to come over to the car park to see what he could do.
He brought his own jumpstart pack, but the car was still completely dead.

He drove us over to the garage waiting room, gave the kids candy and drinks, me coffee and obviously most important - access to the restroom! He then went back over to the car park to fit a new battery and drove my car back to me at the shop.

The people I met today were so helpful and kind, I just had to come and say Thank You Denverites for being so lovely :) 




 I had to take some painkillers and woke in the night not remembering my name, where I was or who was in bed with me. I convinced myself I was a gay man. I am a straight female and the person in bed with me was my husband. 









 NSFW, tripod and timer. 









 Great link, thanks!

The 1st advert kind of made me chuckle with all the native/transplant conversations on here :-) 




 Last few days there has been an unmarked cop car picking up speeders in Aurora. On Quincy Ave, between S Picadilly and Gun Club. Usually with a marked car a few hundred feet up the road. 




 As a UK citizen living in the US, it feels that the hype and discussion around the election involves far, far more people than those who will turn out on or before Nov 6th. So Reddit, are you going to put your voice and choice to use? If not, why? 




 Done :-) 




 Nope, but only because I was driving out to Byers for the Dirty Girl 5k Mud Run :-) 




 Aurora, Colorado :-) 




