 same 




 lol wut 




 Good! I hope it stays that way for both of you :) 




 i got them at Hot Topic back in 2009 




 no problem. maybe taking a break will be best for both of you. I am glad i could help :D 




 only if you get caught. im just messing with you. its something you should experience once in  your lifetime at least 




 there you go :) i like helping people come to this realization. i had the exact same problem 




 you should. i found that if you try and force them to change it only makes yourself come of as overbearing and selfish. You cant critisize  your friends boyfriend because even though you may be right, you're coming off as jealous and trying to get her away so you can have her. even though those are not your intentions 




 the freshman life is tough, love iseven more difficult 




 lot of things are illegal. doesnt mean they're bad

cigarettes are legal and those are fucking lethal. 

marijuana is something that is gaining more respect in the mainstream lately. soon enough, by the time we actually get employed, we wont have to be drug tested.  it will be as common as a cigarette smoker 




 cool, my guy friend and are are both 15. So are you freshman? 




 try to not talk about things that are so heavy. dwelling on the bad is only going to make both of you worse. you may not like her boyfriend, but it is her choice and you dont have a right to make judgement. tone down on that and find ways to help her. you arent selfish you just want whats best for her. but you have to let her make her own choices 




 dont worry about it, it can be a positive influence on you. you have to just try it.  




 how old are you and your friend? just curious to see if this gets better or worse with age 




 don't get yourself down, you bring joy into her life. thats all you could ask for 




 thats gotta be a little awks. i was friends with my guy friend's past girlfriend, i was respectful to them because you shouldnt put people in a situation like that. im glad that she has the message 




 lol piss on her. she'll get the message 




 i feel you, do you know that she likes you? 




 i feel ya, i have clinical depression and severe anxiety,  my emotions were getting the best of me to the point where i had to be hospitalize over what i like to call a broke heart 




 how so? 




 i wish i had the courage. 




 thats a great point. i think our friendship is more important than  the risk of losing him to awkwardness 




 wow that was really interesting! seeing that helped me realize what type of relationship i have with my friend. we dont talk about feelings. we just hang out 




 im glad you guys were able to talk through it, its really mature to acknowledge feelings and try to figure them out and move past them 




 my situation seems like that, only the opposite. I feel that way. we've been friends for about 5 years now and i only recently discovered my feelings for him (the beginning of high school helped me figure it out) but i dont have the knowledge of whether he ever did like me and i didnt see it or if his feelings are purely platonic 




 I'm worried that our friendship will end/ not be the same. i care about him too much to not have him in my life over something silly like unrequited love 




 it seems to be a reoccurring thing, having a best friend of the opposite gender and falling for them, why do you think that is? 




 i seem to have the opposite problem, i am a girl who has a guy best friend, i fell in love with him and i just can't read him well enough to figure out if he does or has ever felt the same. 




 i'd love to. dont have a skype though, we could email? IM maybe? im old fashion but i'd love to help 




 do any of you have girl best friends? how to you think of them? I have a best guy friend who i can never seem to understand sometimes. What to boys usually feel about a girl like that?

EDIT: thanks for all the comments! i love talking to all of you! upvote for visibility? i fell like this could help give answers to a lot of people, not karma whoring i promise 




 well... 

https://mail-attachment.googleusercontent.com/attachment/u/0/?ui=2ik=4d9a44be73view=attth=13ee3efddb85fabaattid=0.1disp=inlinerealattid=166124773f121f4f_0.1safe=1zwsaduie=AG9B_P9-9z6MwW3bT61ZRlyDsEXbsadet=1369623797726sads=rBnQy83WtIOmngcbDLX6CIj-6VYsadssc=1 




 find a friend who does, hang out and smoke with them. let them teach you the ropes. dont worry about feeling lame when you smoke. if you aint choking you aint smoking :) 




 panic at the disco
passion pit
icona pop
the shins
fall out boy :D 




 Time to  relllaaxx 




 it feels fucking good man 




 drugs 




 i really enjoy makeup, i dont put much effort into it, simple mascara and powder. I like using makeup to enhance your features, not hiding your flaws. you feel me? 




 for the record, i am going with 2 other people (15-18) and don't have tons of extra cash to spend. Thanks for any help! 




 no problem! i hope you're able to sell them! 




 one of my favorites! 




 damn, it looks like i cant afford the tickets. I am going to Lollapalooza this year also and have put most of my money into that 




 how much are you selling for?
 




 an excellent point  




 Skins is also a good show. Episodes are very short so you arent bored and i find them enteratining 




 Sherlock is amazing 




 Supernatural!  




 I cant choose, most of Pretty Odd is so poetic and wonderful. Ryan was a beautiful writer; not saying Brendon isnt but ryan just had a way with words 




 Good idea! I'll look for them  




 Thanks for letting me know, I'm a casual smoker usually only at parties  




