 You're not a monster for the way you feel - that makes you human. As for getting hung up on girls, when I was in high school, I was a lot like you. Every time a girl showed a remote interest in me, I got hung up on her. There was one girl in particular who played me like a yo-yo, because she knew I was interested and that whenever she beckoned, I'd come calling. That right there destroyed a few potential relationships, other than the fact that I had trouble initiating the conversation with girls. It left me lonely and feeling like I wasn't worth the time of day. It hurts, it really does. But having feelings about a girl, and thinking about her quite a bit... I can only speak from my experience and from listening to/watching my friends and their love-interests, that seems pretty normal to me. If anything, I'd refer to it as 'day-dream fantasies'. 

You don't sound like a monster to me. You sound like a human. 




 In regards to my own depression, yeah - I've had those days. I wake up feeling like I can actually face the day, only to have it ruined somehow, at some point. By the end of the day, I feel exhausted, mentally and physically, and when I get home, I don't want to do anything.

My best advice to you would be to speak to a doctor, explain to them your situation, and most of all - be honest. A good doctor will do everything in their power to help you, especially if they find that you are suffering from depression. 




 Sometimes, sleep does a lot to help. Trust your gut - if it's telling you to sleep, then go to sleep. Tomorrow's a new day, full of new opportunities. And sometimes, a bit of rest is all it takes to tackle those opportunities. And don't bring yourself down about 'not having a social life'. A lot of people lack a social life for a variety of reasons, so you're not alone there. You're a virgin at 28? Nothing wrong with that, either. And the people who would judge you on that are jack-hats, not even worth your time of day. Pay them no heed. Just be you, because when it comes down to it, that's all you can be. 




 Hang on to that. If that truly is your happiest memory at the moment, then hang on to it. Let it be a torch to light the darkness. I'm trying not to assume, but it's hard to believe that your brother doesn't have friends - we all do, in one form or another. I'm also guessing he has best friends - again, sorry for the assumptions, but what I'm driving at is this - he chose -you- to be his best man. With my own experiences of depression, I know what you mean - sometimes it feels like it's been months, weeks, years, AGES since you last felt happy, even if in reality you felt a spark of happiness, even for a brief moment, a few hours ago. My happiest memory that comes to mind was actually my own wedding - and that was almost 2 years ago. Since then, I've risked spiraling out of control a few times, and only recently went to my wife and family and told them "I need help, I can't do this forever, and I can't do this alone". Since the day of my wedding to today, I honestly can't think of any real, true happy memories. So the ones you do have, hang on to and cherish. They'll help light the darkness in your mind when you call upon them. 




 I may not know you, but I am interested in hearing what you have to say. 




 No problem. Take care, and remember - we're here for you. 




 I'm not an expert, but... maybe talk to your doctor about the meds you're taking? Again, not an expert, but what I did noticed is the marked change from "crushing sadness" to just "meh", with you being put on medications right in the middle of that. Again, not an expert, but potential possibility? 




 I was diagnosed with clinical depression at 16. Depression developing in the teenage years isn't that uncommon. I'm 31 now, and I still, to this day, have days like you're having now. Speak to someone, someone you can trust to listen. You feel burdened? Then find someone who doesn't mind helping you shoulder that burden. There's always someone - like here, right now. You're doing yourself a solid by opening up like this, and days you feel like you do now, come back here and let us know. I've only really been active on reddit today, but I've noticed that there are a lot of supportive people here, with varying degrees of experience with depression, with different forms of depression, and who are willing to share that experience and knowledge with you. I hate to bust out the corny "the more you know" quote, but when it comes to depression, it's true - once you find out what type of depression you're experiencing, you can research it. As you learn about it, the knowledge (at least in my case) helped. There's always a way, and you're never alone. 




 I do this to myself more than I'd like to admit. I'm a recovering drug addict, but I still have a few issues with alcohol. It runs in the family. So, sometimes when I'm feeling really low, I drink. The more I drink, the lower I get. The lower I get, the more I drink. See where I'm going with this. You're drunk, so yes, you are probably being a bit more honest than you're used to - but I'm sorry, you're also drunk. Drink some water, eat some plain bread to soak up the alcohol in your system, and sober up a little. I'm serious - because alcohol isn't a cure, all it really does (at least in my experience) is either cover up what you're suffering, or just magnify the pain. You are in no way, shape, or form wrong for feeling the way you do, but the alcohol doesn't help. Please, sober up, and if you're still feeling that suicidal to the point you want to take your life - all I ask is that you come back here and make your feelings and emotions known. That's what this sub is for, and there are people who are here because they want to help. Please, you're worth the fight, even if you don't feel like it right now. Even when you're sober and you don't feel like, you're worth the fight. 




