 1) There are girls who want the attention but get snappy when they're not drawing attention from specific people they are seeking attention from. 

2) There are girls who make the effort to look nice for themselves - a little boost to their self-esteem and not necessarily attention from others although that also helps to boost their confidence. 

3) There are girls who try to one up each other - female competition. 




 Thank you. 
I find it really hard to get up in the morning, I find myself getting anxious the night before counting the hours of sleep I'll get. I can sleep 12 hours solid and still want more sleep. Ironically, I stay up late because I don't want to sleep. 
Hope things work out for you too! 




 Update - back to work today. Put on my mask this morning and went about my day acting "normal" with the odd occasion of staring out the window thinking. Thinking. That's always been my problem - trying to find ways to switch it off but my mind is always racing and whizzing from one topic to another and then back again. 

Today's motto has been "fake it til you make it" and hopefully this wave will pass soon if I keep myself distracted.  




 Thank you. 

I went through a period of having to take some pretty serious heavy duty meds for a serious illness (prednisone and cyclosporin) the side effects really messed me up which adds to my fear but you're right - there are a lot of different drugs out there so if something doesn't work, there's always other alternative combos. 

Hope your journey continues to be a safe and happy one! 




 The Skin I live In

The ABCs of Death

Boxing Helena

House of 1000 Corpses and the sequel The Devil's Rejects 




 Agreed! 




 wow lol good on you for sharing!! :) 




 I definitely get where you are coming from.  




 I appreciate you taking the time to post your reply - thank you for being honest. 




 I end up looking at them less out of fear they'll catch on 




 Do you enjoy remaining single or have you been trying to slay the dragons to find the prince/princess with no such luck? 




 I've posted in /r/whatsthatbook and /r/tomt but no luck so far, a redditor suggested I try this page so here goes!

I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon. 




 Thanks for the tip! 




 Thanks - will definitely give it a go! 




 Not the one but definitely need to put it on my to read list, thanks! If I do find out what it's called I'll let you know. I read this when I was younger so the details are a bit hazy but I remember reading it thinking ooh probably too young for this.
 




 Just did a quick wiki search and yeah same vein  




 I've posted in /r/whatsthatbook but no luck so far.
I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon. 




 Ned - Pushing Daisies

Ronan the Accuser - Guardians of the Galaxy

Thranduil - The Hobbit trilogy

http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1195855/ 









 You're welcome! 




 Alexander Skarsgard...such a beautiful man 




 Oohh i'll look for it tomo, has anyone seen him in Soldier's Girl or Possession? 




 I saw a scene on Youtube from one of his movies, he picks up this chick with such ease and kisses her against a post or wall while her legs are wrapped around him - was sooo damn  hot! 




 Even though I'm not quite ready to have children right now I would like to have the option in the near future so yes, it would be very hard. I definitely wouldn't want to try and change the guy's mind if he's already made the decision, that wouldn't be fair at all!  




 I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon. 




 Just be yourself and stop trying to please everyone. Love yourself. 




 Salad 




 Interaction with kids/animals - makes my childbearing loins quiver with excitement when I see guys display their caring, playful nature.

And when you try to mash down a semi :) 




 Did anyone cry in Legends of the Fall? 




 Such a wonderful yet heartbreaking movie 




 What are you getting? 




 Me too!! Here's mine - http://imgur.com/iB9d1Af 




 Did you watch the Dead Like Me movie?? 




 I hear that! 




 Sleep paralysis  




 Cartwheel landing in the splits 




 Pay it forward 




 Grats on being 9 months sober!! 




 I have a friend who went through the same thing - he rolled with it cos the guy had made him a lamb roast. 




 He's also Thranduil  




 Don Johnson  




 Waste of time 




 Haha that's so awesome!! 




 Attempted to have phone sex when I was 13 with a boy I had a huge crush on. Unfortunately, my dad had picked up the phone downstairs, heard our conversation and started yelling. 
We had a caller ID display so he raced upstairs and proceeded to call my crush back to yell some more. My crush's dad ended up jumping on the phone and our dads yelled at each other. 

A week later I was enrolled in a girl's only school. 




 Did your third cover up successfully hide the other two? 




 Sounds like you've got the gift, thanks for sharing! :) 




 Ouch! 









