 I know it depends on where you live, but that seems crazy! From what I've looked up I've seen somewhere around $10. 




 I definitely get that. Thanks! 




 I'm combo/oily myself, so that's perfect! Do you have a reason that you prefer it? Thanks(: 




 That sounds great, thanks! I'm an NC25, do you have any idea what shade I would want to pick up? I'm horrible at choosing the right shade. Thanks again(: 




 Hello lovelies,

I am absolutely in love with MAC foundation, but have finally admitted to myself that, as a highschool student, I cannot afford it. (Yes, it was a sad day.) Do you guys have suggestions for what I should switch to, being on a LOW budget?

Thanks! xx

EDIT: Powder suggestions are welcomed as well(: 




 LOVE THIS! Absolutely gorgeous(: 




 Same here! Doing this for the sanctity of my (future) marriage and to get closer to God. There are some more personal reasons as well, but that's what brought me here! 




 I feel you... Ten days can do amazing things to you(: 




 This is the story of my life. 




 Agreed. 




 I agree. His name is Peter Joback, and I don't find the appeal... 




 I love Samantha's Christine!! But Peter... I don't know... definitely not my favorite. 




 I knew it! Haha, that's hilarious!! 




 I don't know why I click on that... 




 I would've instantly freaked out before taking the picture... 




 Morpheus is currently down, so maybe! That would be awesome. 




 My bad. I thought it was a retort to the "No." 




 I see now. Thanks. 




 Ah... Thank you. 




 ...an apostrophe? 




 Stop. Reposting. This.

Please. 




 Woah. I had no idea that they were literally knots. Thanks! 




 Woow!! I wish I was that creative! This is amazing! 




 Thanks! I would have really freaked out not having heard that!! 




 Thanks(: 




 Thank you(: 




 Awesome and gross. Haha okay. I usually gets vitamins and what not from Walgreens because they're cheap, but I was just wondering because I couldn't just find B. They were mostly B-12 and B-Complex. Do you have a preference, or don't know?

Thanks for the quick reply(: 




 Which vitamin Bs do you take? 




 As you've seen, treatment is available, and you should be okay. Sorry for that scare. I hope you're doing okay. 




 STDs are not funny. Even when easily treatable, they are diseases and definitely not fun. Sometimes it's too late to treat anyway. I think he'll be okay, but it's definitely a cause for concern. 




 You did an amazing job!! I think it honestly looks better than the original... 




 Thank you for that(: 




 The thing is, I don't really have a reason. I read about all these people who suffer so much from it and it made me decide to try and quit. It's like I know it's good for me, but I haven't gone through much of anything making it bad in the first place. 




 Just getting turned on in general. My body says I want to, and even when my brains says I don't, I relapse. 




 Thank you for the support(: 




 Thank you(: 




 Hey fapstronauts. So I've been feeling really lost and alone on my journey lately. We're 60,000 strong and yet I feel really alone in my chalenge. Maybe it's because I don't post enough with you guys, but also because 1) there's noone I know personally to relate to with this and 2) I feel kind of like a minority here being a 15 y/o girl. My weakest temptations are the ones that make me fall, and then I sometimes don't even feel bad. Any words of advice or inspiration? Mostly, I just needed to vent a little. 

NoFap, thank you for existing. Someday my life will different. 




 I don't know if there's something wrong with me, but that speech at the end made me want to cry. Thanks for this. 




 I definitely think it's harder as a teen with hormones, our brains not being fully developed, and whatnot. 




 I'm fifteen as well. Good to hear from other teens(: If you scroll down the page you'll see nine buttons, one of which says reset badge. 




 As a singer, that would be my dream come true. 




 The overall quality isn't quite what you'd want on a headshot. I also avoid windows because they provide really uneven lighting, which is really bad for headshots. Accent your eyes, they're gorgeous! 




 The camera angle is too low, and the attention draws to your clothes as opposed to your eyes. Smile also looks a little fake and ... awkward. Overall, it's a good picture of you, but not a great headshot. 




 This is the repost of all reposts,... but I still think it's hilarious. Have an upvote. 




 Figured that out recently, and I have. Thanks, though. 




 That sounds awesome. In the past, my mildest urges have gotten me to relapse. Hope I have that kind of self control someday(: 




 Totally agreed. It was like her jaw was nailed together. Also, she needs to put her chin down. It was like she was drawing a picture with her head. 




 Well, she did a great job!! 




 Best of luck to you. It's not an easy journey, but it's an amazing one. Make sure you set up a badge so you can track your progress with us(: 




 I'm so happy for you(: Do you remember when your urges kind of died down? Just curious. Thanks! 




 Totally agreed. I don't post too often, but I check the page everyday and usually comment quite a bit. Even if I just look at the top post really quick, I feel like I have so much support around me. 




 I think that would make me cry, and fap anyway... But hey, it looks like it's worked for other people(: 




 So cute!! I love that look! I usually see it with blue, but the pink with blue eyes looks GORGEOUS! 




 "I Have a Dream" and "I Dreamed a Dream" are very different songs... 




 Thanks, I'll try that(: 




 I've tried that, and it didn't even kind of work... Thanks for the advice, though(: 




 It's not that we can't, it's just that if we don't notice, we're gonna get an ass full of toilet water. I know a lot of girls are way too bitchy about this. Most of the time I notice and put it down myself. Most women figure that men just have to aim closer, but women may fall in. 




 Congratulations! Good luck on your journey, it's a hard one. Be sure to set a counter so you can view your progress! Also, have an escape plan. Plan something very specific to do if you feel the urge to relapse. As someone whose relapsed a handful of times, this is *very* helpful. Again, good luck! 




 Sex. Sex. SEX. Yeah, my cure for a headache used to be to masturbate. I'm feeling pretty calm now, but if any more websites suggest sex (or masturbation for me), then I'm afraid I might do just that.

Has anyone else come across this problem? Any tips? Good way to get rid of a headache?

Thanks guys. I'm so happy I found this subreddit. I know I'm only on day 3 now, but I have a feeling it's gonna stick this time(: Love you all. 




 I found it. It's right by the small lake. Hope that helps! 




 Very true. Thank you. 




 Just spent a few hours playing around with this house. It's amazing! 




 You're not alone... 




 Yes, I agree. This is a little insine. 




 You look fantastic! Glad to see you happy with your appearance. You're gorgeous. Keep posting. 




 What a title. 




 She does say that she can't live up to me a lot, but I don't know what to do about it. I can't stop being myself to make her happy. 




 I agree, but she won't go to counseling. And I've been to enough to where if I can be in a good, calm environment, I would be fine. 




 No. It starts with an M. 




 I was diagnosed over two years ago. I don't talk about it anymore. 




 Today's my mom's birthday and she's sitting downstairs crying. My sister thinks her life is over because she isn't in honors classes and is sixteen years old. My dad is too old to be dealing with teenage drama (he's almost 62). My sister hates me because I am happy, confident, and know what I'm going to do with my life. If I want her to be happy, I can't. She throws these huge temper tantrums, and everyone hates each other because of her. Not to mention, I have clinical depression, but I'm afraid to talk about it since she's already so messed up.

I don't think any of us can be happy until she leaves. 




 That is one beautiful dog!! 




 Having a pause button. I'll be sitting in class thinking, *wouldn't it have been nice if this morning once the alarm went off, I could have just paused and gotten all the extra sleep I wanted?* Or pausing just to finish my homework. This seeps into my thoughts all the time. 




 Ohhh.... Thanks! 




 Still don't get it... Care to enlighten me? 




 Did anyone else read that as hashtag one? I'm ashamed of myself... 









 It didn't help that it said Texas in the title. 




 I was so hoping that this was a gif. 




 Very true, and I am feeling better now, thank you. Hope you are aswell(: 




 No, but I've been through treatment before. There is a history of substance abuse (alcoholism) in my family, and I'm too afraid that I'll get addicted. I stay away from that kind of stuff. It's just not right for me. 




 Exactly... Thank you so much for the support. 




 Huh, I never thought of it that way. Thank you so much(: 




 I don't know, really. It's more depression as the disease than depression as the effect of something. It's hard to explain, really, so that's a completely valid question. 




 Thank you. I know, there really isn't much to say, but it's comforting just knowing that someone is reading this. 




 Nothing went wrong... I don't know, I just feel bad. My heart is kind of sunk, and I don't know why. Depression just sucks. It's always looming in the distance, but it wasn't too far away today. I'm normally not to stuck in my depression, or at least haven't been too sick for the past few years, but today, I feel bad.

This is a lame post, I know. I just needed someone to talk to. Thanks. 




 I don't even... Wow. 




 You're amazing!! Keep it up, you really have a talent there! 




 You are my favorite person. 




 I totally understand. Either way it's a good look(: 




