 Yes exactly. I totally agree with you, I just wonder how legitimate of a title "Au-pair" is. I personally have some experience with children, and one of my hobbies include watching shows and reading articles about childcare, but then au-pairs are, in the end, just kids wanting to travel for practically free! So I wonder how important my input in childcare really is. 

But yeah. I guess they hired me because they know I can take care of their boy, and they know that I know a bit more than the average long adult, since it is an interest of mine. Oh well. I will soon try to just sit them down and share my thoughts. 

Thank you :)  




 Thank you! It's actually very helpful! 

I think what is keeping me from actually trying a stricter sleep routine is the fact that I do not have much time alone with their child, and yes. I don't know how to talk to them. I remember telling them I wanted to make a food exploration chart for their little one, so we can introduce him to a new food twice a week or so. But then I ended up deleting what I had started because little one's diet is so restrictive (100% out of fear). He has been fed in his life about ten different ingredients, eats the same 5 on a daily basis. 

I put him to sleep for a nap at about 10 or 10:30 every weekday, but then mom comes from work between 12 and 12:30, and this boy is very capable of crying for two hours, no matter what. He hates the idea of lying down! So instead of having that happen, I rather do what they tell me to do. I know that if mom were to come to her crying son, she would freak out. Not be mad at me, or at least she would not express it, but she would feel very distressed about it, like her son is in immediate danger our something. 

I really want to start sleep training. The more I talk to the father (whom I thought would be totally okay with it), the more I'm realizing that they just like the safe zone. The "Don't make him cry" technique, or "Give him whatever he wants, he'll eventually learn in the next few years". They do this with everything, from 'discipline' (they only say no when they physically cannot fulfill his wishes), to food (instead of introducing him to new food, they don't feed him food that are known as possible allergens), to his schedule (he started being on a schedule maybe two months ago, but only as a consequence of everybody else having a work schedule). 

Anyway. One day I'll just sit them down and talk about it. Now that I know letting him cry on his own is not an effective technique in this case (or apparently, in any case), I'll try the other one that is more progressive. I so want to do it, but I know the mother won't be able to. The father? We'll see.  




 Ah, I didn't know, to be honest. I thought cry it out was a good method. I have seen it used many times and it seems to be more effective than being with the child. Of course, on small babies I wouldn't recommend it but one year and older, it seems okay. But then, I haven't done any follow-ups on the children I've seen this technique done on.

Thanks for the comment!  




 This is going to be really long. I love this topic. 

I daydream a lot, and that since the age of 8 or so. I often daydream about lives I want to have. As an 8 year old, I wanted to be Barbie. She had eight adopted children. Today, I have multiple "stories" I daydream about, the most detailed one being me, in about 16 years, with a husband and eight adopted children (I have nothing against biological children, I just rather adopt + I'm asexual, so no sex for me). Some things never change. But I have "purchased" (aka going on real estate websites and saving the address) a house, cars, even every single piece of clothing each children have. Well, no. I stopped after 6 children. The two youngest ones "arrived" while I was in college so I had way less time on my hands haha. I also have their schedule, which is very accurate. I go on school's websites and other activities' website and I check their timetable. I virtually juggle eight kids pretty well, actually! Though the schedule is tight. 

However, lately (ok, for the past year or so), I have been daydreaming about a life I could have had. I mean, it's way more plausible than the other stories I have. I daydream about me, a couple of years from now, being the biological mother of a baby/toddler girl (time frame changes depending on my mood. sometimes I'm pregnant) who I had by accident with someone I, in real life, had a crush on. She was obviously unplanned, with the procreation process being done while under the influence. All of this causes me to have severe anxiety and self-esteem problems, with me convinced that the father does not even like me, that I was taken advantage of, and that I was going to be a terrible mother. I am still a student, with very little money to spare. I, however, am too stubborn to live with my family, so I move to the US, on my own (I am American but I never lived in the US). During my pregnancy, I live alone in my studio apartment. I sell my life insurance, work as many jobs as I can, and go to school. I think one day I faint from being so over worked. The father comes every now and then for the doctor's appointment. We are not close, we kind of act like strangers, and our daughter is all we have in common, and the only reason why we see each other. 

Fast forward to our daughter's birth, she is a preemie. My pregnancy did not go so well, I didn't take care of myself well enough. Well, the father is here, but he can only stay for about a month. He still lives in Canada (where we met in real life), and he has a job and all that. Fast forward a month later, he leaves, but a few days after, he comes back with most of his stuff. He moves in with me and helps me take care of our child. I am studying psychology, he is in culinary school. He finishes before me, work, and basically becomes the prime provider. I still work, but part time. I study full-time. 

Through parenting our child, we bond. He has come to accept me as a whole, and my self-esteem problems are less severe. I still suffer from anxiety, but it's way better than before. The father is helpful and extremely loving to both of us (and obviously, it's reciprocal). Despite being short on money almost all the time, and sharing a studio apartment (to be honest, I love small spaces so it's not even an issue), we have a pretty good life. We're satisfied we what we have and what we've achieved. We both do everything we can for our daughter, and she's just. Perfect. 

She is also the luckiest child when it comes to her relationship with her extended family. She is so loved and spoiled rotten by her paternal family. The father's mother always sends up big packages, sending us either a brand new stroller, or clothes, whatever we might need. We don't even ask her for anything, she just wants to spend money on her first grandchild. She even pays us tickets to their country of origin so our daughter can meet her great-grand-parents, who spoil her just as much. My family, on the other hand, does not support us as much, but my mother does love her grandchild. She likes sending us some cute clothes from time to time, and she drives from our city in Canada, to the US, at least twice a year. When she visits, she is all over her, but she still disapproves of the circumstances that led to her existence. My grandmother thinks lowly of me, my father is embarrassed. 

It's so detailed, I could write a book. But arg, I know it sounds odd, maybe even stupid. And you know what makes this even more stupid? I feel like sharing her name would be blasphemous. As if something would happen, if I were to put her name out there.  




 [What are you talking about, the dark can't scar you mentally for life?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyctophobia) I don't to sound inconsiderate, but your personal fear of large barks is unfortunately not anyone's problem, just like someone's paralyzing fear of the dark is no one's problem. Of course, some dog owners are lousy, but they do not have to accommodate to your every wishes. Their only job is to make sure you or anyone does not get injured by their dog. The rest is on you.  




 I don't know man, little kids are scared of the dark too. I don't see protests banning the sun from setting.  




 I'm going to be the odd apple here. High School definitely wasn't the best time of my life, and I do not miss it. Actually, I didn't even go to prom. People told me I would regret it, and .... nope. Nothing to this day. Facebook was flooded with pictures from my prom, and I thought it would make me envious? But not at all, surprisingly. It's just not something I am into. On a side note, I don't remember if it was the same night or some other night, but from another website, people were posting pictures of what they did instead of going prom. They went urban exploring, if you know what that is. Wow. There, I felt really envious. But those were strangers from another country, plus no one I know in real life is into that :(

But anyway if you're really sociable, but you aren't the type of person who would be hurt if you go from 40 friends to 3, then High School will be great for you. Just don't use it as an occasion to do harmful or illegal things (No, being a teenager is not an excuse to act stupid.) 




 Is it? Share the links, if you don't mind! I am very interested.  









 Yes, for a couple of years. I can't remember the exact age. The only reason why I didn't die when I quit from my parents just demolishing me (they were really into making me play an instrument) was because I was already learning the violin. 

For how long have you been doing it?  




 Shit, I must look like the most uncomfortable human being on Earth then. That's already my natural look, and on top of that, I'm asexual. Yay son!

By the way, you're gorgeous.  




 Have you had to approach them on something you would like to change? As an au-pair, I feel like I have to follow whatever schedule or habits they have. For instance I think their eating habit would be great to change. Like the baby's diet is way too restrictive, and I pointed out once, just a comment like this, no criticism, and it didn't end up well. 

How did you approach the people you were working with, if you were in a similar situation? Do you ease the subject slowly or you just sit at a table and have a serious reunion? Plus I don't know how serious they would imply that since his bedtime, which would need to change as well, is outside my 'working hours'.

Thank you : ) 




 Thank you! May I ask if eye-contact changes something while you do this? Like I said he falls asleep only if you feed him, and sometimes if you look him in the eyes while he's about to sleep sleep, he'll somehow succeed if there's eye-contact. He'll start trying to get your attention by touching your face, or making noises. But when I don't respond to his gaze, he just looks away and lets sleep come back again.

I guess my most important question is, how did you approach the parents about it? Did you just sit down with them and say "Listen! I have a plan." ? I feel like as an aupair, I have little to no authority on their lifestyle. I think there are many things they should change. For instance, their tendency to give in to his cries. I have stopped that, and guess who never cries with me! (except, of course, when he really doesn't want to sleep). Also, I give him way less milk so he can fall asleep on his own. He kind of does, but he still needs to be held. But those are changes I can implement without the parents' approval. When it comes to sleep though, I wish they had him on a strict schedule. I once proposed to the father (who is less emotionally attached to the child, so he wouldn't be scared or hurt or whatever) to establish a really strict routine: At 7:15, the first thing he should do is tell him that it's bedtime, and that he's going to change him. New diaper on, PJs on, I said they should go the living room and feed him a bottle. His room would be better but they do not have a chair there. I guess it would be easier to just get a chair in there. Then, he can get a full milk bottle (300 ml. During the day, I give him 150). I don't know if leaving him with a bottle in his crib would work for him. And then, a story would be great. I think they have one "goodnight" story. They need more! And finally, by 7:30, they should put him in his crib. 

Now that I am thinking about it, they should start cleaning up while the baby is there, so baby knows playtime is over. He loves to "help out" so it's a great occasion! Plus with praises like "Thank you for cleaning up!", he'll grow up to actually do it when asked. He loves the words "Thank you" since he knows he has done good. 

I'm a little terrified to talk to the mother, especially. Whoa. How did you do it? : ) 




 I am an au-pair taking care of a 14 month old who doesn't want to sleep. He relies on his parents to sleep (bottle + rocking). 

Today, he slept for 45 minutes during naptime. He is still tored but won't allow himself to sleep. I am letting him cry so he can calm himself down, which is kind of working, but his parents have a different technique. Normally, they go get him, and if he cries for too long, they play with him. Obviously he will never get used to self-soothing.

How do I get the parents to work with me? And would you let him cry until he calms down? 




 Hey, I understand this. Actually, I am at this awkward age where you're legally an adult, but no one, including yourself, would consider you to be one. I can't wait to be 25+ years old. I want to have my life together, to be fully responsible ...

I do "work", though I consider it to be more fun than demanding. I don't pay taxes yet, I may live away from family, but most of my expenses are still paid (it came with the "job"): so free boarding. 

I took a gap year from college, actually, in order to get this job. I can't wait to go back to school, get my Master's and be done with my school life. I can't wait to be a real adult.  




 Lunch was about seven hours ago, but I'm still at awe about how good it was! 

I had a whole [roasted chicken thing](http://www.eataly.com/resources/eataly/images/uploads/Rotisserie_RestaurantRotator02_840x398.jpg) (it wasn't as big though), with fries. See, I am very healthy. It sounds boring but the seasoning on those were amazing. The chicken was salty, but the good kind of salty. The fries on the other hand were seasoned with paprika. I may ditch salt for the rest of my life.  




 Sorry, I am a fat slob and I've always been. But I miss TV. I miss morning cartoons, Cartoon Network and a French tv channel called Canal J. Those were my favourites of all time. I miss knowing all the original Pokemon's names. I miss having imaginary battles with Yu-Gi-Oh, which were made possible with cards I would buy for twenty dollars a deck. I miss wishing that TV hosts from that french channel were my siblings.

Life itself wasn't so good, but damn did those cartoons made me forget about the negative! 




 Hey! Ça fait bizarre de voir du français ici! Je suis d'origine antillaise et j'ai vécu à Montréal pendant près de dix ans. Et toi, d'où viens-tu? 




 Like /u/TWFM said, it doesn't mean someone is wrong. Actually, I think opinions cannot be right or wrong. They can, however, be problematic (which I guess has become synonym for "wrong"). 

I think Right/Wrong exist when there is a truth that does not depend on human input.  




 I didn't. The mods did. Too many posts lately have been about relationships. 




 Oh I'm sorry. Thank you for noticing me though : ) 




 Ah, same here. It's mostly out of pure envy I want to be with someone. Well, I don't know how much I would enjoy it, since it has never happened. I don't know if it's a matter of getting used to it as well? Maybe.  




 It's weird. I am really good at hearing, but I am terrible at decoding spoken language. Like I can hear someone whisper from another city (hyperbole of course), but I wouldn't be able to tell what you just told me, even if you were speaking very clearly directly into my ear.  









 Sorry. It really isn't. I'm just not born in the right era haha 




 It is not a condition. Sorry I made it sound like I was disfigured, but I'm just ugly. Unfortunately, I am seen as physically disgusting to most people.

Oh well.   




 Ah cool. I thought it would be like a circle-jerk of "Ugh, women are so stupid and shallow if they go for the tall guys blablabla". Some subs here are poison.  




 I should be sleeping. It's almost 1 AM, and I have to wake up at 6.  




 I definitely have some self-esteem issues. I have become almost ashamed of everything I am. It has gotten so bad that when I daydream about my goals and future life, I need to find myself a look-alike. I can't imagine myself in any of my thoughts, unless they are negative. 

I guess I like ... hmmm. 

Yep. I need to work on that self-esteem. 

 




 I can understand them. I have physical traits that are universally seen as unattractive. When you see, every single day, how people rarely date those who have that trait, it sucks. 

Though I have never been in that subreddit. Knowing Reddit, they probably don't "just complain".  




 I am addicted to eating flour. It's an odd problem called pica, mine is triggered because of my anemia (apparently). People with pica that is caused by anemia usually eat things like sand, dirt, baking powder ... My mother, who also has anemia, was really into dirt and clay.

Anyway. You have different types of addictions, obviously. Personally, I think I am addicted because I have associated the flour with positive things. Therefore, there is some emotional reasons behind it. Also, physically, it's as if it's a healing agent. When I don't feel good (headache, stomach ache, even stomach reflux), eating flour makes me feel better. Also, it's just a habit, kind of part of my routine. If I don't follow the routine, it doesn't feel right. So when I don't have my flour, well not only am I lost because I don't have a routine anymore, I also feel physical pain and my mood drops. 

It has gotten better it the last few weeks though. I still can't spend more than a week without it though.  




 I like you. I wouldn't move either lol. 




 I wish male/female relationships weren't automatically labeled as sexual. I wish young female/older male relationships weren't automatically labeled pedophilic. I am living with a couple, and sometimes I want to hug them. If I were to hug the lady, no one would care. If I were to hug the man, wow. Maybe his wife would think something is going on. Maybe his friends would think something is going on. Whoever witnesses it would think something is going on. He is 16 years older. Whoa, something fishy "must" be going on! 

It really sucks.  




 I've learned through the years to just act like it was my plan to work alone anyway. During college, whenever the teacher would say "Find a partner!", I would take out a sheet of paper and get to work ASAP. No scanning the class to look for someone, no sitting there waiting. I just do my thing. If someone asks me to partner up, yeah sure bro, no problem. If not, well at least I don't have to worry about anyone else's grade.  




 Tbh, it kind of is. Not frown upon but it's so rarely viewed as an unattractive trait that when a girl goes for a short guy, they wonder what the hell she was thinking.  




 Bruh. I want six children too. I know that feeling.

Seriously though. I think if I were rich, I would want at least four children, max. 8. Only because I know you can still be a good, loving and present parent and not rely on nannies with eight children children. I don't know about more than that. 

Oh I'm an only child. That's why, probably.  




 I'm pretty sure nudity is taboo in about 90% of the world. In Europe, you would not see someone in the streets walking naked without having people comment about it. Obviously Europe is more open about it though. I went to a pool once and women were just topless. It didn't bother me, it was just new for me. 

I know in France, toplessness wasn't taboo until very recently, when influences from America became very apparent. I remember in many movies and TV shows, women were topless, even bottomless, and nothing was blurred. Today on the other hand, most things are blurred. Obviously they do this because in North America and some other parts of the world, like said already, nudity = sexuality. In other parts of the world, nudity just means indecency. You don't flaunt your private stuff, from you body to your most secret desires, to the public. In my country of origin on the other hand, it is considered barbarian. Even though we are direct descendants of Africans, we consider 'them' savages because 'they' walk topless (obviously it's a huge stupid generalization based on the few images of tribes we get to see). So obviously nudity is seen as bad there as well. 




 I think Sims 3 is the best. What you have said there can be done in the Sims 3, it's just not as straightforward I guess. 

I'm in love with Sims 3 because of that Open World. No loading time if you want to go outside, you just zoom out and there you go. Sims also spontaneously go out to do things. I love how children have like quests to collect gems and bugs and whatnot. And finding seeds to plant is always so rewarding! It makes the game that much more interesting, like how sometimes you feel like taking a stroll, or just say hi to the neighbour, or just jump in the nearest river. Yep, all doable in the Sims 3.

Oddly enough, what I miss about Sims 2 is how easy it was to put in custom content. I also miss some interactions, like how changing your baby/toddler's diaper would leave a dirty diaper behind. That was so realistic. Good thing they added a changing table in the Sims 3, but still I wish we could bath babies in the sink and toddlers in the bathtub, like in Sims 3 (again, more realistic). I also miss this really random interaction, when Sims could just sit in the car, doing nothing. Children could cry while sitting in the car lol (it was actually sad but so random. good for story making I guess). It made carpooling easier because then not everyone would be trying to get in at the same time, and whoever's ready could get in first. 

What else do I miss ... Oh yeah! I had this expansion that was about apartment life, or whatever the title. I loved it so much! I wish Sims 3 gave the option of having functioning apartments. 

Honestly, Sims 3 is the best with the expansion packs and custom content. If you're on a good PC, you can get so many of those custom contents. They make your game so worth it!  




 Do get Pets and Seasons! They are what will make your game that much more interesting! Oh and Generations is pretty cool, too!  




 I am! and it's really inconvenient right now. I wish I had a schedule that fit this tendency of mine of sleeping late. Only when I'm extremely tired do I somehow sleep at 11 or midnight. I remember one time in college, I was so tired, I went to bed at 10. I slept for so long! But I was still somehow tired in the morning. 

During the summer time, I would usually sleep from sometime between 7 am and noon, to 5 pm, then I'd be up all night. I would never experience fatigue. I wish I lived in a an area near downtown and just walked in the middle of the night. I did it a few times but the latest I've stayed downtown was 9 pm :( (latest in my neighbourhood: midnight).  




 I used to! Well, from the age of 2 until the age of 12, I played the violin. I'd say I was really good from the age of 3 to 8-9. I never liked it, though. I lived in my country of origin until the age of 8, and during that time, I had really tough teachers. I mean. My country is all about being tough with children, no matter the technic you use. So I guess out of fear, I seldom made mistakes. But said fear now makes me hate the instrument. Though I love how it sounds ... 

Then, from age 3 to 5-6, I played the piano. I was never good, because I had the violin to perfect (my piano teachers were both nice enough to not mind, so I would practice the violin more). 

Then during a year (age 11-12), I played the saxophone alto. I loved that instrument, but I'm not really interested into learning more. 

Right now, I am starting to learn piano all over again. I really lost it. I forgot how to read notes, my hands are still quite rigid ... I guess the only thing I have left is a musical ear, but even then, sometimes it lets a couple of mistakes slip. But I think the piano is a really cool instrument to learn to play. Plus you have so many variants, like the harpsichord (I call it the 'Versailles' piano). It sounds so glorious.  




 I have pretty long hair right now (to my waist), and I always braid a "beard" in front of my chin when I feel anxious. It's a really dumb habit because I have social anxiety, meaning I don't want attention, but transforming into a "bearded lady" is basically asking for attention. I can't help it though! 

And I crack anything I can crack. Knuckles, neck, knees .. you name it. I think if I were to crack something every 2 seconds in my body, I could go on forever. 

To be honest I just roll with it. Doesn't hurt me, actually helps me get my mind distracted. Whatever works for you, as long as it's not destructive, should be fine! : ) (though I guess on the long run, you should seek out for better coping mechanism? It really depends on what you want) 




 Oddly enough, I forced myself to be sociable and tried to ignore the anxiety. It worked for almost two months, then some time during October, I crashed. I used to spend all my free time (it was a lot! I had really long breaks) in my program's lounge, which was quite small since very few people knew about it. There were maybe 10-15 people at most, on average about 6. I talked to them all, despite the anxiety that would make me lightheaded, yadiya. Then after my 'crash', I couldn't even use the stairs next to it without panicking. I started spending my long breaks in a café downtown, and my short breaks were spent in the library. I was completely isolated. 

On a more positive note, I became way more responsible. I'm still kind of lazy, but if you're depending on me, I will make sure not to disappoint you. I went from coming to school late almost every morning from oversleeping, to waking up at 5 am to do some volunteering.  




 There was a survey I read on here that said something like x% of those who survived regretted trying. So many factors come in place, making this percentage faulty. First, those who survive usually go through excruciating pain after failing or they suffer damages that will be present for the rest of their life. Of course they'll regret trying. Second, what's the percentage of those who succeeded who regretted it?

Usually people who impulsively try to kill themselves stop when they witness a 'sign'. Maybe the first couple of weeks there will be a change, but afterwards I think people would find some other ways. 




 As a specifies, none. We're there because 'mistakes' happened during millions of years. 

As a citizen of most modern-day society, contribute to said society without breaking the rules.

As a human being, just try to enjoy your time while you're there. Find your own personal purpose and try to achieve it.  




 I think I wanted to be some kind of celebrity. Someone like Beyoncé or Christina Aguilera. Ironically, I grew up to develop social anxiety. 

Now, I am not sure, to be honest. My dream job, as in it will never happen but I can always dream, would be to become an astronaut. A more realistic wish would be to work with deaf-blind children. I love working with children, but becoming a teacher isn't 100% what I want to do. There's the anxiety, and also I don't know if I'll be good, and the North American curriculum is not the best (assuming I'd work there).  




 I am living with this German family, and I believe the father is genuinely happy. He grew up happy (his parents were very loving, according to him), has met, I believe, the woman of his dream. I mean, she must be, they've been together for 15-20 years (my guess, though I know they were together in early 2000). They have a child together, they are running a successful company, he studied his most favourite subject ever and now has a Doctorate ...

I don't know how to describe him, to be honest. Well, for starters, he is quite an honest person. He doesn't shy away from saying what's on his mind at all. Second, he goes for what he wants. I think he has always been like that. As a child, he would talk his parents into signing him up for classes he would wish to attend. Things like that. 

I don't know him very well, but I guess the reason why he's so happy is partly because of how his parents raised him (they were hippies), and also because of his very "I want it now, so I'll get it now!" attitude towards life.  




 It will not fix the more serious problem though. If someone wants to die, they will find a way. If it's not by jumping off, it will be with their belt around their neck, hanging in their closet. 

We live in a world that indirectly encourages suicide. The "worthy" ones should get all the good stuff, while the mediocre ones could die and no one would care. On top of that, very few people actually believe they're actually worthy. Now, in some countries, it's way worse because sometimes those words are said directly to people (thinking about Japan and South Korea). However in America the continent, Africa ... all around the world, there are so few resources known to the general population that could indeed save someone's life by said individual's choice. I wish there was such a thing as an organization who's purpose is to help people who feel down and suicidal to find some purpose in their life. Not just through talking though, because words can only do so much. 

Honestly. Feeling worthless and miserable sucks.  




 Same! My five-year-old Shih-Tzu loves bottles, especially when he can run after them, but lately he's been really into unscrewing them. And he's become a pro. It can take him less than 30 seconds to open one. 

** realized I said lately ... he's been into bottles for almost four years ... Oh my god my dog is not one anymore!  




 Thanks for the recommendation! I checked their channel for a second and how come they have Ray's (from Rooster Teeth) silhouette as their banner? I'm guessing they're related to the company as well? 

I used to watch Achievement Hunter daily, but now I have been more into a german Let's Play team named PietSmiet. I'm trying to learn German so yeah (though to be honest, I only learned like: spielen (play), speichern (save), and a bunch of insults appropriate for rage quits.) I also watch a couple of French Let's Players quite often. Their names: MrBboy45 (if you speak French, this guy is hilarious) and DaRkFuNeRaL97two. Right now, I'm watching GTA 5 for the second time, in German this time. I really love long Let's Plays so people like Bboy and Dark get my views whenever they make one. Right now, together, they just finished Dying Light, and Bboy is still in the midst of a Resident Evil game. 

How is Sims 3 confusing to you, if I may ask? I have to admit that it seems to attract only a specific group of people. Well, two. You have people who play Sims just to watch them die, or you have people who dedicate most of their day to this game to make it as realistic as possible. I'm ~~unfortunately~~ part of this group, though since I've acquired a mac, I had to cut down the amount of 'work' put into my game (macs are so restrictive, many files I get from the internet don't get into my game simply because my mac thinks it's a corrupted file, when it's perfectly fine). If it wasn't for that issue, [I would be doing things like this](http://sincerelyasimmer.tumblr.com). But I can't download most of the objects you see there, I can't download a good screen-capture application, and I can't download the poses you see (Sims do not naturally behave this way). [That's an example of the best I got from playing with a mac](http://36.media.tumblr.com/33629c4a3acc40718a92058321f4e328/tumblr_n26pbuV2lM1r7qdrvo3_1280.png). 

Though now, I am not only contemplating calling my mother to ask her to ship everything to me, I'm also thinking about getting a PC just to play Sims again. I miss it so much! Sorry, this was terribly long. I can go on and on about that game ... 

What are your favourite games?  




 I am currently in Germany and it has been 10 weeks only, so I do not know how the yearly weather is yet, though right now it's kind of like Montreal (where I lived for nearly 10 years). April is the troubled month; you never know what kind of temperature you'll be having. Though besides that first week, April has been quite tamed and warm, here in Germany. I am not liking this.   




 I find it odd that you're assuming that I am being sarcastic. I truly, wholeheartedly hate what humanity has agreed to call "good weather", and everything that comes with it. What's funny is that when I tell people that, they look at me, ask me "How can a Caribbean person like cold weather?" 

And no, never said I liked freezing temperatures. (I lived 10 years in Canada so I've had my fair share). I like Autumn-like weather: cold, gloomy and rainy.  




 I hate it! Alright, hate is a strong word, but I honestly despise warm or hot weather. I dislike the sun, I dislike clear skies, I dislike warmth ...

The last week of March and the first week of April were so good to us. Intense storms, indecisive weather (for a week, we had rain, ice rain, wind, thunder, and the sun all in about 5 hours) and this magnificent cold brisk that comes with the rain.

I can't wait for September already.  




 Whoops! I meant meditate! Sorry!  




 I am not a hardcore gamer, even though I love games. I used to be but then I started getting so conscious about money, I just stick to watching Let's Plays on YouTube (though about two months ago, I spoiled myself by getting a 3DS XL). 

I, however, will spend everything I own on Sims 3. I loved Sims 2, and Sims 3 is just as good, if not better (that open world!!!). Ten weeks ago, I moved out of my house, and I left all my games and all the custom content I have downloaded. I regret it so much! I kind of want to ask my mother to ship them all to me.  




 I have tried it, actually. And I don't know if I have been unlucky, or if that's normal. People usually bail out minutes after you start talking. Well, when it's "light-hearted" problems, they stick around but when you bring up depression and all that comes with it, they seem to distance themselves, then they become quiet. It's not my cup of tea (haaaaa I had to).  




 Same. I always knew something was wrong with me, but since I'm a new adult now, then I used to think "Oh, yeah. I'm just being a kid/teen." And anyway when I would express these feelings to an adult, they would give me that same answer.

Fast forward college years and I find a psychologist who takes me seriously. She gave me two official diagnoses: I have (social) anxiety and depression. OK great! Makes total sense, but I still felt odd ... Sometimes I wondered if I had schizophrenia, or Asperger's ... looking up my symptoms online became a self-destructive hobby. Also, said psychologist would mention some personality disorder since therapy wasn't working as it should. Then one day, I visit my sister in Florida, and her husband is a medical doctor. He comes up to me out of the blue and says: "You know, I know what you are. You have Schizoid Personality Disorder."

I was in denial when he said it to me at first, then I googled it, and I felt like I was reading articles about myself. The symptoms were so precise! 

Anyway. I don't know if you're like that as well, but it's always nice to know "Oh wow, it's a thing! I have a real thing other people have! I didn't make it up!"  




 Whoa that's cool! They sure are good to listen to (well, I don't listen to Etho particularly). For some reason, I enjoy the sound getting experience makes.  




 Original one! :) 




 Where do you live? I would love to live in a location where I can see and hear so much. Like living downtown NYC. My dream is to live there but ... no money.  




 Oh cool! Do you medicate?  




 That sounds cool! Personally I am not intending on driving, but I enjoy taking the bus for a very long time ... I guess it's not quite the same, since I'm not perfectly alone. But headphones do make a difference, especially when you get that perfect seat all the way in the back! :)  




 You sound awesome! Though I have no interest in driving, I do enjoy long road trips, especially when my father would drive. He's a pro at driving, since he still lives in our home country and the roads there are shit (Plus no real driving rules. It's not really enforced). When he would visit us in North America, he would look like a crazy maniac, speeding and taking way too many risks on the road, but he still is the safest and calmest driver I ever met. I always end up getting sleepy if we drive for more than 20 minutes. It was so calming!  




 Hello! I never actually started a thread here, but I wanted to share this somewhere! 

Well I am currently living in Germany with the best Host Family in the world, and in exchange of free boarding, I take care of their son for a few hours a day. Well, yesterday, I was not feeling so good about myself (it has been like this for about two weeks now), so I went out to buy myself all needed ingredients for a glorious mac n cheese lunch, which did help me cheer up a bit. On my way back from the supermarket, I opened their door and I thought for a second they were there. I smelled their 'scent', and it made me feel so happy for a second. Not just happy, but actually relieved and comforted. The smell felt like a warm, welcoming hug. 

It lasted less than two seconds. First, there was no one there, and second, I quickly realized what was happening, and I snapped out of it. Now I can't smell it anymore. 

I hope one day this feeling lasts maybe a minute, or a day, or hey, a lifetime sounds quite nice!

Thanks for listening! : ) 




 I don't know how normal this is, and no, I do not suffer from schizophrenia, but I do have multiple 'thinking voices'. So whenever I am thinking about something and I shouldn't be thinking about it, another voice kind of jumps over and starts saying "blablabla". All in my head. And somehow, if that second voice keeps it up long enough, the initial voice with the inappropriate thought forgets about it. Sometimes, I'd need a third voice, one that just thinks of something else. And the initial voice stays in the background, but I just give it less attention.
 




 Dress up as Sebastian from the little mermaid!! :D 




 same, but with Tiana.  




 Back home, I used to walk my dog exclusively at night because it was quiet, dark and empty. Sometimes, the moon is really bright, or the sky is dark enough to see some stars. I always feel something overwhelming, especially when looking at the moon. Well one night, I saw the constellation Sagitta, and for some reason, it looked bigger than I'm used to seeing it. I immediately had a panic attack. Mild enough to keep me on my feet, but still severe enough that I had to walk back home without looking up. 

Oddly enough, it was a 'good' panic attack. Not sure how to explain it, but it's a bittersweet feeling, the bitter part being the panicking, and the sweet part being the night sky and astronomy in general, which outweighed the 'bitter'. 




 For the past 10 weeks, every night, I listen to it on repeat. Makes me fall asleep instantly. It's incredibly comforting! 




 Wow I used to live in Montreal and I never met a girl Nicola. Actually I talked about Nicola to a friend still in Montreal and she thought it was odd. 

Oh well. The more you know :D 




 Maybe in English it is? I'm a francophone and Nicola (and all variants) are male names. I guess it's like Alexis. In English it's a girls' name but in French, it's for boys. 

Wow a girl named Anthony! Sounds awesome! 




 Ha. You're right.

I guess when you live with health freaks, you forget about how wonderful fast food is by itself. No need for an excuse. 




 Ha! I wish! 
Let's just say fast food is part of my weekly food intake. 

 




 Actually, don't stick to a diet. Diets are stressful, which could trigger emotional eating (or reward eating). Humans weren't made to diet. We just eat, and move. 

I think the best advice I have seen about weight lose is: Eat when you're hungry, stop eating when you're not. No restriction whatsoever on what you're eating (but don't go overboard), and of course, you should be eating less if you go by your body's cues.  




 I eat fast food when I'm sad. 

Guess my weight!  




 Hello! I was born in Brooklyn (NYC), moved to Haiti two months later, then eight years after that, I moved to Canada, and ten weeks ago, I moved to Germany! 

I want to live in Europe so badly, but I don't know where. I love Germany's social system, but not a big fan of the way of life (it's not sooo different, but still. I miss North America at times). France is my dream country, but I do know immigrating there is very hard!  




 I don't like the idea that names are inherently gendered, so I do tend to immediately fall in love with "names given to the wrong gender", even if I don't like the name itself. For instance I met a girl named Nicola once. I fell in love with it immediately, despite not really having a thing for the name Nicola alone. I always associate those people, boys and girls, to be somehow strong, successful, but still a bit non-conformist in one or more things they do. A boy named Lauren (though I know Lauren used to be for boys) or a girl named Nicola, or Felix are leading highly successful independent lives, but they're also the type of person you want to get to know better because they look so cool.  




 I think communism is the way to go. I know it will mean getting rid of many of the luxuries we allow ourselves to have, we will have to get rid of many rights as well, and that humans are way too greedy, power-hungry and into money to honestly think about the well-being of their community before themselves. It's too great of an idea for such a flawed species like us.  




 Wow, how relevant! I was actually going through this subreddit in hopes of forgetting about this random sadness I'm experiencing now.

Like you, it happens all the time, and it is mostly disappointment towards myself. Though lately I have been pinpointing small triggers. For instance, I am taking care of a one-year-old baby, and every time he gets a little upset because of me (he's a huge mama's boy so if I'm trying to hold him while mama is around, he'll get upset), I get a sad, then I start thinking too much ... It looks terrible, especially since I tend to just lay down on my stomach (or sit up if that's not an option) and look into the distance when I'm sad.  




 I remember it being around way before Facebook. Kids used it in order to tease me for being an only child.  




 Thanks for the reply. I'm sorry if I came off rude; it was the accumulation of many people wondering, despite knowing that I'm asexual, why I don't have sex. 

And I know, many gay men choose to be with women, but they are the type of people, like you said, who are understanding and willing to work things out in order to make their relationship successful. Actually, a couple of kids from college once said they wanted to be parents together, without being in a relationship. They would get married if need be (they wanted to adopt), but they knew for a fact whatever love they have for each other was strictly platonic, nothing romantic or sexual. I don't know how they're doing right now though. (I remember them saying neither liked long-term relationships, but still wanted children). 

I personally thought about such plans or compromises for the sake of my future children (back when I really thought I would hurt them by being single), and also because I'm human and I haven't completely given up on finding love yet (but it's getting there). I said to myself that I would not mind having a husband who sleeps around, as long as I knew when he was doing whatever he would be doing, and with whom. And of course, as long as the love remained reciprocal. There is no risk of jealousy, since I do not envy sex or sexual intimacy at all. But I very, very much doubt that there is such a human being on Earth right now, who can have sex with literally any (consenting!) person they wish, but who would still come back home to a sexless relationship and a demanding life as a parent. I don't think the love would remain for very long, especially with someone like me who has no amazingly attractive traits at all.  




 I don't really agree with the "putting up with sex" thing. Why should I forfeit my personal sexual orientation for the enjoyment of someone else? That's like telling a gay man to "just have sex with a woman" so his children can have a mother.

I respect all opinions, but I don't tolerate ignorance about my sexual orientation. So few people take asexuality seriously. It's getting discouraging. 




 I am still quite young, and I have many years ahead of me before potentially becoming a mother. But long story short, I want to be a single mother. Mostly because I know I will be single, so I'm masking it under the "it's a choice!" label just so reality doesn't hit too hard. 

First, I am asexual. No interest in sex whatsoever for me. Second, even if I were to meet an asexual (which would be very unlikely: 1% of the world population is asexual), chances are they would not be interested in my person, for many reasons.

I know children are entitled to more than one parent, but my life goal is to be a mother, and I am 99.8% sure I will be alone. 

What are your opinions? 

Edit: Thank you for the responses so far. : ) I asked because I have been called selfish for "wanting to deprive my future children of a father" many times by a couple of family members. I wondered how frowned upon it was to be a single parent by choice.  




 Nope, nothing works.  




 Your hands will crack and bleed at least once a week. Stupid dry hands.  




 Oh my, I did this a few times in High School. I can read and write in Korean, so I would often write out answers in Hangul either on my desk or whatever piece of paper we were allowed to have. Teachers would either not notice (all they would see are circles or squares or lines), or they'd think I'm just another Koreaboo writing random shit anywhere I could. 

Not proud of the fact that I cheated, but very proud of myself for learning another script. It came in handy.  




 Young Stalin is so good looking. The coat, the scarf (I believe), and the hair ... He looks like a modern-day hipster.  




 Yes, and to have the image coloured make them look like every day people, and not just historical figures. It's quite ... weird. I don't have a better word, sorry.  




 But the great majority of people under 25 earn very little, if they're still in school, their level of education is low (by default), and they will not use formal English since it's quicker not to do so, no? And they are those who use instant messaging the most. So that's all related to age, or?  




 Same. If I fail once, shame on me forever. I don't like going through hard or painful moments to reach something the great people just have naturally. It feels so unfair! 

When I used to have therapy for depression and anxiety, the therapist once asked me to start looking up while walking, and on the same day I did. From my college to the bus stop, I looked up, and when I reached my bus stop (7 minutes later), I started crying. I didn't enjoy it. It was too much, I felt like I was suffocating ... so I bought food (I eat when I'm sad/happy/whatever emotion) and took the bus, crying. Good thing I got one of those individual seats, and my hair was in the way of my face. Only a couple of people noticed me.

Whoa while writing this, I'm starting to tear up. I really miss home. I don't mean home as in where I sleep, I mean my city. I remember crying in a café, again, and for some reason it felt comforting to cry there. No one approached me or anything, a few people did notice me, but it was the only place I've ever been to where crying felt okay. 

I want to go back to my city just for that café and how good it made me feel through some difficult times of my life. And it's not even that special of a café. It's small, always crowded, you always have hipsters hogging the seats with their MacBooks, drinking an espresso or cappuccino or munching on a sandwich with ingredients you didn't know existed. They always played underground rock, the owners were always loudly laughing, in contrast to half the costumers who were students, therefore studying or working. Some stayed there for a couple of minutes to grab a quick snack, others stayed for hours. It was magic. Especially at night, when the rush settles down, and the few costumers that were left were those who would leave at closing time. The owners were so friendly and welcoming, though I never really had conversations with them. Just the usual "Hi, I'd like to order the ...". Yet, in those short minutes, they welcomed me with their smiles and their spirits. It felt great. 

I started college in August of 2013, and I would go there twice a week to escape. Then, from January 2014, I only got to go there once a week. From Summer to the Winter, I went there only a handful of time, but I stayed there until closing time twice. Those were the best moments. No rush at all, only maybe five to ten people, and it was quiet. Well no, it wasn't. There was music and people talking, but nothing traumatizing. The noise was melodious in a way. I don't know how to put it. It was good background noise. Pitch black outside, only a few cars driving by (the café is in the hipster neighbourhood of my home city, so besides the main streets, you see more bicycles or pedestrians around town). 

I wish I was capable of sharing these moments with someone. Well, scratch that. I did share those moments with people. Two, actually. People it took me 9 years to consider friends. Somehow, they were patient and didn't mind my asocial self. They didn't mind how quiet or odd I was, they just roll with it. I am so thankful for them, I really am. However I can't feel the need to be around them or to explicitly miss them. Though again, I wish I could share these moments with a special someone. I had one person I considered special in my life, but they're being distant. 

Sorry I'm rambling. Guess who needs a snack.  




 Whoa, I never thought this would ever be relevant, but I always want to be those people society classifies as plain "crazy". Like untreated schizophrenic people, or anyone who are in constant dementia/psychosis. I want a mental illness instead of a physical one only because I can't handle pain too much. I also want to lose my mind, and stop being in touch with reality. I don't know why I want this since I know it's an horrific thing to go through. 

However, I don't go to the doctor's whenever I have something. I have a cyst in my arm (I don't think it's cancerous but even if it were), I didn't get it checked. I have anemia and I don't take care of it either, and I always tell myself if I get breast cancer, I won't get it checked. I'll just die. Though apparently, breast cancer can be extremely painful ... yeah. I need to get over that fear of pain.  




 Only a lucky few have parents who truly have their children's best interest at heart. Most parents just want you to do and be what they think you should do and be. 

I learned this many times, but the most shocking moments happened in the last couple of years.

For Christmas 2013, my mother and I went to our home country to visit my father (who's job doesn't allow him to live with us in Canada, but he does visit). One random night, we were at a restaurant, and I was talking about what I want to do with my life, and how my goal was to be happy. Then my mother forced herself to say: Well ... we're proud of you either way, right? (asking my father). He looks at both of us, takes his glass of beer, and gulps it down in one go. He never answered. 

I moved to Europe two months ago to become an au-pair (which is kind of like a live-in nanny), and I thought I had finally gained my family's support. It is something I wanted to do for many reasons (I love children, I want to eventually study in Europe, etc.), but one of them is to get away from my family because they've been toxic. Well, I am sitting here, quite happy actually, and I get a message from my mom. "Hey, I miss you and I wish you were here, especially since now I need to print this thing for work and the printer is not working." This was the first time she said she missed me. Her other messages always came off as bitter to me, especially since she's angry at the fact that I'm not in school.  




 Meh, not to me. I have social anxiety and I still don't know clues (plus I'm paranoid as hell, so I always wonder if someone is just being polite). 

And I'm asexual, so. I don't care about "jumping in the sack". 




 I understand, and I agree.

To add something, from what I heard from friends and people who have been to Japan, you stand out quite a lot unless you're Japanese. Not the same country, but South Korea is quite homogenous like Japan, and people stare at you until either you or they leave, when you're a foreigner.  




 Rural Japan, maybe, but in big cities, there's no way in hell you'll ever be alone.  




 Sell something! You don't need a computer, a car, designer clothes or whatever. Also, websites like [TaskRabbit](https://www.taskrabbit.com) ([AskForTask](https://www.askfortask.com) if you're in Canada) allow you to find quick jobs to do.  




 Get a job and make 500 dollars, all in one week? It already takes more than one week to schedule an interview.  




 I thought "how much they like having you around".  




 I love languages, and after talking with someone about some etymological facts, I asked on this subreddit the words with the best etymology. 

 :( 




 Demonstrating doesn't automatically mean acting something out, though. It can also means "here's an example of ...". 




 Yes, that is exactly the problem. I am the listener. I have no control over this voice, and it is ruining my life. I want to be the voice, this way either it'll shut up 99% of the time, or I can easily change my chain of thoughts. For now, I am listening to something that is basically encouraging me to ruin my life, one way or the other.

Back when I was a naive teen (though I still am, except I graduated adolescence), I thought I had schizophrenia, simply because the first symptoms you hear about were the voices in your head you had no control over. Then I listened to a simulation of schizophrenia, and realized that it's different in my case. I am pretty sure everyone has a certain voice in their head. I guess my problem is that this voice seems to have a mind of its own. As if there are two voices in my head. Me, actual, living me, the one going trough life and being controlled by my brain, and then the me that is only my brain, the "controller". 

I know it makes no sense.  




 No when I said "someone did it to me" I didn't mean a god or an actual person. It's just too much of a coincidence (still is). And it's a terrible coincidence. I know there's worse but when you have three "problems" that just encourage you to be an hermit, but you still kind of wish you were not one, it sucks to go through life. It's like those dreams where you want to run but you're stuck, or you'r too slow. That's what it feels like to be alive right now.  




 No he was not trying to do anything for the memory of the deceased actor, he was playing because he likes to play and he likes Star Trek. I personally don't like board games at all. I prefer dominos or card games. More to the point, no extra crap, no more than maybe 5 rules. Nah. Board games and I do not match. 

Well, I don't know if I'm misunderstanding this, I guess I am, but I cannot associate with people. I don't have the skills at all. People who talk to me always feel like I'm bored or sad. Always. So they either leave me alone or they try to cheer me up (when I'm relatively fine). 

 I don't really enjoy conversations either, for some reason. It's just. Eh. We could be in silence right now so why aren't we? I enjoy debates though, but mostly online. In real life, it's tiring, I get nervous, the whole deal.

I am asocial, and socially anxious. How do I work this out. 

 




 Hey fellow Canadian! And thank you! I'll go to Müller then! : ) 




 Definitely an option I'll consider. Thank you! : ) 




 I'll try something like Galeria, maybe they'll have those. Thank you!  




