 This one actually made my jaw drop. Holy shit. 




  The Swamps of Dagobah

I  deleted my last reddit account a couple years ago, haven't been on it again until recently...but I still knew *exactly* what you were talking about before I even clicked the link 




 You're doing so well! Congratulations! Keep moving on the path toward mental and physical health, you deserve it! 




 I have never cried in a movie theater before--until I saw that movie 




 HOW WILL I EVER KNOW WHAT MOVIE IT'S FROM WHEN NOT ONE PERSON HAS RESPONDED 




 Air Bud. When the kid's like, "Go away you stupid dog!" it kills me because I know he doesn't really feel that way but he has to make Air Bud run away because he can't keep him, and Air Bud then ends up homeless and he doesn't understand why he can't stay with the kid and it's just a whirlwind of emotion and I cry ever tiem 




 Omg. Recipe? 




 I think by that, he or she meant to say that people of color have not historically oppressed white people by employing racism--racism is more than just "I hate this group of people" (which would be prejudice), it's actually widely recognized as race affecting the social order. So by THAT definition, no, it's not possible for people of color to be racist--at least in America, where people of color have historically been (and arguably still are) oppressed by the law. People of color can DEFINITELY be prejudiced and hateful toward others, though, obviously--I think that that's unfortunately just inherent in most people.

The person just said it without explaining it, though, and to someone who hasn't studied racism and prejudice and learned to discuss it using the widely agreed-upon *academic* definitions of the terms (rather than the colloquial definitions), that may come off as a really, really dumb statement. 




 I'm assuming you got in contact with him to sell him your textbook on like a Facebook group for your university or something. You should post this exchange in the same place. People like this are shit. 




 I don't know my boyfriend's username (not because he, like, refuses to tell me or anything, but because I just never asked), and now I'm so curious. Every time I read something that applies to me I've been looking through the comment history to try to figure out if it's him! Haha

Edit:  Just kidding, I thought about what it could be, searched it, looked through that person's comments, and figured out it's him. I feel like an evil genius mastermind. And no, he did not post about me here. I'm relieved. 




 ULTIMATE BETRAYAL OF TRUST. If I found out my boyfriend was watching one of our shows without me I'd be so mad, haha. 




 As someone whose parents left each other *way* too late in the game, I think you should probably just try to figure out custody for your kids and separate from her. She can't make you stay. Your kids will be mad for a while, but believe me, it's better to spare them the trauma of living in a house where both parents absolutely hate each other. I'm just speaking from personal experience here, but I wish I could unhear the things my parents said to each other and unsee the things they did to each other when they fought. Even though the idea of them getting divorced seemed scary to me when I was a teenager, I wish they hadn't waited 'til I left for college to separate. It would have spared me a lot of pain.

I don't know what your situation with your wife is--whether there's abuse involved or what--but it could potentially spare your children a lot more pain and uncertainty if you were to separate sooner rather than later. 




 I can't decide if that's weird and creepy or adorable and sweet. 




 I just wanted to let you know that this comment made me laugh out loud, thanks for brightening up my day :D 




 "Plus I read somewhere that rebellious, slutty women usually have lots of tattoos and piercings"

Oh, he read it somewhere, it must be a fact! He should definitely shape his worldview around that! 




 I assure you "Celiac" is a word, regardless of what Google says, because it's a proven medical condition that affects millions of people just in the US alone.

only a loss if they don't think there is enough Celiac people out there

It's not about what large corporations *or* small businesses *think*, it's about the *fact* that there are millions of people with Celiac disease, and if they offer a couple of gluten-free items on the menu (which really isn't that hard or costly at all) they're opening up their market to a huge group of people who previously wouldn't have been interested in their restaurant/coffee shop/store/whatever.

And I'm going to repeat myself here, but no, eliminating the fad will not help people with Celiac...at all...because it would mean that more places will stop offering gluten free food due to a reduced market for it. It would mean that gluten free food (you know, the only food people with Celiac disease can eat) would not be available to people who need it, and they would have to search hard just to get a box of pasta or a loaf of bread. It would be incredibly limiting.

Also, why does anyone give a shit what exercise plan or diet people follow? That's their personal choice. It's stupid to expend energy hating them. Their right to that choice is as American as Nascar's choice to run their poorly-made, awkward rap-country hybrid, Nick Offerman commercial. Just because you personally wouldn't do it doesn't mean they don't have a right to eat what they want to eat. 




 In the same vein, I hate when people talk on the phone and have it on speakerphone in public. That perplexes me for two reasons: 1) why would anyone want other people to hear your whole phone conversation? and 2) why would they assume I want to hear it?! 




 I work as a cashier at a place that gives you the option of not printing your receipt to save paper. I have this one regular who always gets REALLY mad when I ask her if she'd like her receipt. Once I told her it was just a yes or no question, and that she was welcome to say yes instead of yelling at me, and she reported me to my boss. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 









 No, I'm not offended by that message and I understand that the commercial isn't targeting people with Celiac disease. However, in spreading the message that people should not go gluten-free because it's stupid or whatever, it affects people with CD in that it makes it more difficult to find gluten-free food. Like I said, I'm not offended that they called people who don't eat gluten "soft" (I have a legitimate reason not to eat it so I really don't give a shit what other people think), I'm more concerned with the fact that this mindset limits availability of gluten-free food for people who actually really need it. 




 Well gluten-free living as a *fad* started around 5 years ago, yes, but Celiac disease (which is capitalized, btw, so that's why you're seeing a red squiggly line under it) has existed for a long time. We've seen a lot more cases pop up starting in the 80s and 90s because we changed the way we cultivate wheat and other crops within the Triticeae tribe starting around the 1950s. (Currently, they're harvested much earlier than they're meant to be, making it harder for some people to digest, and as a fun little side fact, they're also genetically modified so that they have estrogen in them--which of course is dangerous for anyone with hormone-based illnesses).

Also, nobody's trying to change the way people who don't have Celiac disease eat, we're just trying to get gluten-free food more readily available. It doesn't cost that much for a restaurant to keep a few boxes of gluten-free pasta around to replace regular pasta in their dishes when a customer asks, so it almost definitely wouldn't end up hurting restaurants.

And that last bit made me laugh out loud--of COURSE we're lobbying for a cure. But until a cure is found, we still have to eat gluten-free, and being able to eat three square meals a day is kind of a more immediate issue than finding a cure. 




 But at the same time, and as I wrote in another comment, when people say going gluten-free makes someone "soft," it influences a lot of other people to think that. And when a lot of people think that, it makes it difficult for the people who actually do have Celiac disease to find food we can eat easily. 

So basically, for me it's not so much a matter of "someone said something about gluten and I'm taking it out of context and being sad about it," it's more a matter of "someone keeps perpetuating the idea that gluten free food isn't worth providing to people and now I can't comfortably go to most of the restaurants my friends want to go to because the only gluten free things they sell there are salads and if I have one more fucking salad this week I will scream" 




 I mean, I wouldn't call it *offensive* per se, but as a person with Celiac disease, yeah, gluten is actually pretty fucking dangerous. And people who perpetuate the idea that "people who don't eat gluten are soft" make it a lot more difficult for me, as a person who can't eat gluten, to go out and easily find gluten-free options.

And I don't give a shit if some people don't eat gluten for "real" medical reasons--if more people are requesting gluten-free options at restaurants, then that means that more restaurants will start offering gluten-free items. And *that* means that I can go out with my friends and order something easily, without having to send the waiter to the back and check the exact ingredients of everything (which I don't like doing and they don't like doing). Each time a person makes a joke about gluten-free people being pussies or something, it makes it harder for people with my condition to live their lives comfortably.

/rant

TLDR: Fuck all y'all, make gluten-free foods more readily accessible 




 If it makes you feel better, the people who did things like that in middle school have to grow up knowing that they did that. And they have to live knowing that they were the bully, not the underdog. They did bad things, and someday their kids are going to come home from school upset about something mean someone said to them, and they'll understand the kind of sadness they inflicted on you. And they will feel really, really bad and probably hate themselves a little bit for it. 




