 Thank you :) i decided to get my bum out of bed, danced wildly around my flat whilst cleaning. That made me feel a little better, seeing everything all clean and where it should be.

IVF scares the shit out of me, and i know i'm nowhere near ready for it, but there is a huge waiting list, i don't know how long it is though. That's the thing about infertility it's just a fuck tonne of not knowing anything and it drives me insane 




 It's on my list of things to watch, but unfortunately when i feel low i turn into megagirl 300 and like to watch fluffy things like new girl and the mindy project, people are always mixed about supernatural, so i've put it off for a while, but i did that with the first season of game of thrones and breaking bad. It was epic having a whole season to watch though, i like to power watch things. 

hehe! sexy, beautiful and handsome (no-homo i assume?) but always good to have some hunky eye candy, this makes me want to watch it more.... 




 That made me smile the biggest smile! i often dream about being in the truman show (god damn that film) but i like yours way better. Also, should i give supernatural a go? 
I think i'd be more a new girl show if i was a show. 
Thanks for your reply, it genuinely cheered me up a bit 




 I would say your parents may feel some guilt, and it makes them feel bad so they attack. Because they don't want to be made to feel bad about something they can't fix. They are your parents, it probably kills them to see you so depressed, they are probably struggling with it a great amount. They are trying to help by paying for treatment, but can't do anything first hand. I suffer with severe depression, i've tried to commit suicide 3 times, so i can understand where you are at this time. I know that i push people away, and i get angry at them, when they are trying to help and it can make them say mean things to me. I think you have to both learn to give each side a break, they need to give you a break because you're depressed, everything is harder, everything is pressure, even having to communicate with people is hard, but also, see how hard it might be for them? seeing you so low, not being able to help and having you lash out because you're confused and anxious and depressed. Depression, i personally think is one of the hardest things us humans can try to understand. I mean, i don't know you're parents or you, but i'm just trying to help a little, i'm always here to chat if you need, you can send me a private message at any time, even if it's just to say you're feeling really shitty. I'm a good listener :) i really hope you feel even the tiniest bit better soon 3 x 




 Don't worry, i'm not going to do anything stupid. But i have, and it scares me how easily i can start thinking about it again. I just wondered what other people did to help them? what steers you away from thinking dark thoughts? what helps you stop the thoughts in their tracks, if anything?

I turn music up as loud as i possibly can, and dance wildly around my flat, i mean legit wildly, hair flailing, hips like Shakira (in my mind)  

I need a little help today. 




 Thank you, I am getting counselling, i have suggested joint counselling for us both, mainly just so he could understand me and the situation better because he says he doesn't. But he said no, and wants to try having fun and going out again instead. 




 With the NHS and how it works, i could only see my first therapist for 6 sessions, then they decide if you need further help or if you're better. When i tried to kill myself she was one of the first people i told, and she referred me to the mental health team, who i would them see. She was just so lovely, and she'd give me a hug when i was leaving. I miss her :( 




 I phoned my local mental health team, they asked me why I hadn't called before and i cried so hard i couldn't hear them and they couldn't get a single word out of me. So, i've got an emergency appointment next Thursday at 1.30pm. She said that even though the anti-depressants would be helping, she said being told that it would be recommended we have IVF and that my partner is infertile is really hard news to hear and that i may need something different now to help, it's a lot for a tiny pill to deal with.

I try and talk to my partner about how scared i am, about hearing that he's infertile etc and that i'm so scared of the fact that i won't ever conceive naturally, here in the UK you're entitled to IVF once, we wouldn't ever be able to afford it, so i've also had to come to terms with the fact that we will probably only have one child, at most. I try and tell him and he turns on the 'happy machine' and tells me everything will be fine, we might even conceive naturally, the results could have been wrong. I'm fed up of hearing it all though, it's all bad news and i should be allowed to deal with that, to come to terms with the fact i won't have a child naturally and only have one. I should be allowed to be sad and angry, It makes me more angry and upset that he doesn't understand that. 

I also suggested couples counselling, or something along those lines to help, i told him i didn't think he understood what's going on or anything and it might help, but he said no, said all we needed was to go on dates again.

He doesn't really think anything i say or suggest is a good idea. 




 I know that he wants what's best for me, but he gets these ideas or reads what is best for someone or gets advise from his friends and that's it, it's in his head like concrete, no matter what i say. I tell him ways he can help, like helping with cleaning or doing something like i love, but he's so stuck in his ways, i'm his first long term girlfriend and so everything is alien to him, still. It makes me feel alien, i ask him to help with the house in every way i can, nicely, i sit him down and talk to him, i get upset and cry, i order him to do it, i shout and scream and call him names, nothing works and then i'm the monster who has called him names and then he's down for a few days, doesn't help because he's down because i've shouted at him, and we go around and around in this circle. I don't know, maybe we're just not working anymore, all of this is just highlighting that fact. I find myself saying what i know he wants to hear sometimes. I just can't be bothered anymore. It seems to all be his way, but he thinks it's the other way around. I stopped trying for a baby for HIM because he wasn't comfortable anymore, even though it kills me, I agreed to stay where we are living even though i hated it, as long as we made it a home, after waiting months i made it a home myself, bought everything, cleaned the entire place (i'd gone on cleaning strike and it was like we lived with wild animals) i moved furniture and carried home shopping that kills my arms, He left, about 2 months ago, got his mother to come up to our bedroom and tell me and then she stood between us not letting me talk to him, told me i couldn't be a mother with how i was, how i was treating him, how he was coming home to a dirty house. She stood in my home and put me down at the very lowest part of my life. I was screaming for help, from everybody, and then he left. Now i want space, and i asked him to just stay at his mothers for one night, so i could just sit in my own bed without anyone and cry, and be upset and think everything through and try and decide what i need. He refused and so i gave in, i've had a week off work and to be honest it's been so nice in the day and as soon as it gets to 4pm and i know he'll be home in an hour and a half i start feeling all uptight and anxious because i know he'll want attention and love and affection, he'll want to watch something different to what i've been watching all day, he'll want me to cook. When even just talking at the moment feel so hard to do. i'm rambling again, i'm really sorry 




 I had counselling at the beginning of the year, it did help, because she would tell me everything i felt was normal, she'd let me just sit there and cry, she would let me get angry and shout and tell her it wasn't fair and she's agree and tell me that it wasn't fair and feeling angry and shouting was normal. My partner is all about the calm, hates when i'm angry, so i feel pressure from that too. When i'm pretty much angry a lot of the time. To be honest i'm starting to just distance myself from him and i'm scared about that too. I got referred to a different therapist though and i'm waiting on them. Which i'm also scared about, i don't want to have to tell another stranger all about how i feel and what's going on.  




 Yes, anti-depressants, i've been taking them for about 6 weeks now. I don't know if they help, i kind of picked myself back up when my partner left, now i feel so down again i don't know what to do. I can't really talk to him, he just tries to cheer me up, or make things better, telling me to smile and not worry. But i am worried, all the time, i don't want to smile, i want to cry. I feel trapped in my own mind and house. I'm not allowed to be upset, i'm not allowed to be down or cry, i'm not allowed to be angry. When i am, i'm angry, so angry, at myself, at my body at my mind, at him. :'( 




 I can't remember the last time I woke up and wasn't terrified. I suffered with depression through Christmas and the new year, My partner couldn't handle it anymore and got his mother to tell me he was leaving. I tried to kill myself, he came back and we're working on things. I made myself better, got a new amazing job and i'm really trying so hard every day to just get through. We agreed that we would stop trying because he wasn't comfortable, i suggested we stop everything for 6 months, no appointments no nothing. I'm terrified though, all i've ever wanted since i can remember is to be a mother. 

I've started to wonder if i even want children at all anymore, but am i just making myself think that because i'm scared?

I don't want IVF, i don't want hormone treatments and everything that comes with it, i want to feel the joy of finding out i'm pregnant, i daydream about doing the test and it being positive, and then i crash back to reality where i'm all broken and a mess and not even trying to get pregnant anymore. 

I'm struggling so hard this week, i've spent the last two days in pretty much constant tears, even when i'm okay my face streams with tears, i'm being sick again and not eating, i don't want to get out of bed. 

i'm so scared, what if i get so low again and he leaves again.

i feel so fucked i just want everything to go away, just for a little bit i don't want to be worried or scared of my own life.

I just want to feel normal, for one day. Instead i feel pressured by everything, pressure to keep a clean house, pressure of even being someones girlfriend and everything that goes with that. Pressure of not trying or pressure of trying, pressure of a new job, If i could run away and clear my head and not have anyone make me do anything or try to fix me. I would. I'd leave everything just to stop everything for just a little while.

I know i'm just rambling but i don't really have anyone at all. 




 That's so amazing! i'm so happy for you. Thank you so much for letting me know, we've decided to stop trying for a year. No appointments no trying no nothing. I'm hoping that eases all the stress and upset, even though it terrifies me to stop trying. Thanks again for letting me know, that's made me happy and so happy for you! 




 I try to go to the gym 3 times a week and it helps with sleeping  




