 Do you think part of your problem is you have a lot of anxiety? That can definitely lead to eating disorders, when it becomes less about image an more about control. Your husband may be trying to help you actually, in his own way. When someone threatens to hurt them self, a gut response for many people is to say something like "but what about your family? Or me? You'll hurt me!" It's almost like they want to guilt them into getting better. This definitely doesn't work for everyone, and can do a lot of harm, but that could be why your husband says those things. He may see you hurting, and  is feeling helpless and desperate. 


Don't worry about how you "should" feel, life  doesn't always turn out the way we plan :] if you don't feel good, recognize that. Nothing is wrong with you, you are not alone. Plenty of people who are "supposed" to be happy are actually very sad.  The silver lining to that is you have a huge support group of people in similar positions, all ready to help you :] 




 I'm here to understand; I'm all ears. Why do you think you're so upset? 


Also, don't downgrade any of this to shit. This matters. You are sick, and that's something to take seriously. for sure. Your sickness isn't a chore, or obnoxious to anyone :) if they say it is than they have problems themselves 




 Hi. Your ex sounds troubled, and it sounds like she still is troubling you. Maybe not her in particular, but more so her rejection. Your nightmares about being beaten up sound a lot like some of mine; I used to have breakdowns before school because I was afraid of disappointing my teachers. I dealt with this by totally shutting down emotionally; sounds like you've taken the same route. 


You are human. You have been hurt. There was no damn reason for you to get hurt, but you got swiped up in what sounds like someone else's flood. You are strong. You will survive this. Don't push yourself to meet new women, that will come in time. You can't force that sort of thing.


I'm scared too, of rejection, and being too weak. Let's be scared together. You can get through this.  




 Ha! I had that same phone case until just recently :D


Naw. You're totally cute. Would date, provided you had the personality to match.  




