 I am thinking about building my first rig to mine DarkCoin, but I am a little short on space. I have a couple of cupboards but neither of them has any air flowing through them and they have the following sizes:

* 3' by 3';
* 2' by 4'.

The rig will have 6 GigaByte 750TIi's and I am wondering about the heat and noise produced. 

The information I have found suggests that the heat will be about 650W. The noise will be about 40 decibels for each card - making a total of about 60 decibels for all the cards and PSU etc. 60 decibels is apparently about the same as a conversation going on about 5 foot away. 

The questions I have are:

* Is such a rig still worth building or am I a little late to the party? I am looking at speculation in the longer term (1-2 years) rather than immediate profit;

* Is the noise from such a rig annoying even in a closed cupboard? I am hoping for little more than an audible hum outside the cupboard and no noise in a bedroom 10ft away with two doors in-between;

* Would the heat would be a problem in such a cupboard?

Thank you!

 




 Yea, that is about the same for me as well. I was forced to start trying self employment about a decade ago due to insomnia. I just about scrape by but it is not good. After about 4 days of bad sleep I also have to have an afternoon nap or I am useless.  









 I haven't tried acupuncture yet but I did do some research into it as I was wondering if the expense could be justified. I wrote what I found out about it here:

https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/imsomnia-and-acupuncture-is-it-worth-the-money/

I won't be trying it just yet but there isn't much you can do with a stubborn problem other that to experiment. 

Your sleep pattern sounds a little like mine in that I would get up to 3-4 nights of half-reasonable sleep in a row and then it would suddenly drop out for no apparent reason. I had recently stopped taking Amitriptylene (Elavil) and things got a lot worse. I then restarted the Elavil along with magnesium which I started taking about 3 weeks ago. My sleep pattern hasn't improved much but my mood is far better and I can cope on the sleep I get. I think that the main thing that is working is the magnesium as I never felt so alert on just Elavil. If you haven't tried it then Magnesium may be worth a shot. Use either Magnesium Citrate or Taurate an hour before bed for a couple of weeks. Any extra Mg will pass out through the kidneys so as long as they are functioning OK there shouldn't be a problem. 60 capsules cost about £10 on Amazon so it is an easy and cheap option to try. I am not sure it will work with PTSD but you gotta keep trying things. I think that Mg works mostly for depression of which a secondary symptom is insomnia.

I assume you have spent time with a psychologist/counsellor to work through the PTSD issues, but if not then maybe that is worth a shot as well.

Good luck with the acupuncture, I hope it works for you and I would be interested in hearing the result.  




 www.housepricecrash.co.uk 

Lots of people over there are in a similar boat so you may feel at home. Some are very knowledgeable about the reasons for not buying at the moment. It is a shame that government is doing all it can to support the banks and hock people up past their eyeballs in debt. Good luck. 




 That does sound very strange for insomnia. Get another doc as advised as your one doesn't sounds very good. Did he give a plausible explanation? 

I wish reddit would send an email on comment replies. I have RSS but it is a pain to check for things that often never arrive. Sorry - off topic I know! 




 If you are never tired until 5:00am then it sounds like delayed sleep phase disorder. Wikipedia has a pretty good description of it if you haven't already read all about it. There is also a good book about treatment called "Reset your inner clock" by Michael Terman. He also produces a clinicians version that probably goes into far more excruciating detail that may be useful. See cet.org for it. It uses melatonin and light therapy to shift sleep patterns and claims to have had success shifting up to 8 hours in some people. He is also developing micronized melatonin which should work in the body the same as human melatonin. Commercial melatonin is far to strong for people with DSPD as it can shift sleep patterns further the next night. 

However, if you are tired but just can't sleep then that book probably won't be much use.

I wrote a small intro on DSPD and shifting sleep patterns that may be useful if you don't already know about it:

https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/for-some-the-promise-of-melatonin-is-broken/?cas=true

 




 That's good. The jarring effect is like something out of a horror movie or having your brain stuck in a blender.  




 If you are an adolescent then be aware that your natural sleep-onset time is probably later than most adults as your circadian rhythms get pushed ahead from when you were a child. Are you trying to go to sleep before you are tired?

If you are smoking weed then are you sure of its purity this time around? It can be cut with all sorts of crap (glass, brick dust, rat poison etc) and some of that may be giving you problems. Also if you are not smoking as much as you used to then one of the withdrawal effects in some people is insomnia.

For aches and pains then I think that magnesium can help some people. Try Magnesium oil and/or citrate from health food stores. It can also help with depression which can be a root cause of insomnia. 

However, as aherhjerherhaey you should talk to your doctor if your meds aren't working. 

Good luck. It doesn't sound like a lot of fun. 




