 I am sorry senpai. 




 Perhaps what I am seeking is also seeking me...Alas traveller, I bid you farewell. I return to my question for the promised butthole 




 I see...has the butthole blessed you before? 




 What is this butthole you speak of? Is it the goatse.ru (nsfw) thing? I seek this butthole. Is it still around? 









 wow 




 He would be an amazing pedophile 




 He looked fat at the start and then this muscular athletic cheetah just sprints down there 














 The memories of surfing around Vermillion and the Seafoam Islands with Voltorb just executing every Tentacruel that popped every five steps 




 I heard it was pretty...Ghastly

EDIT: I'm sorry 




 I fell in love with LeafGreen at a young age. I still love going back to it
 




 Fuuuuuck :/ 




 Great! 




 I snapped my high e string on my electric and have an acoustic high e string in my pack. Would it work? 




 Ok so whats the actual answer 




 I study Plant and Horticultural Biology so in my field I don't often see it.  




 Spatial awareness level 99 




 "and a huge-ass bruise on my ass"

A huge-ass ass-bruise on my ass

 




 'Oh hey bro... I was just uhhh...yeah...see the game last night?' 




 No I'm aware what a control in an experiment is, I was just saying it's odd because you don't often use a human as a control 




 I had the Friends theme song in my head while watching this and it made the gif more enjoyable 




 'Thanks Polar-Bro" 




 Great idea OP 




 I can see why he's now your ex-roommate OP 




 I always feel nervous when I see humans doing experiments like this, especial with the word 'control' in there 




 Sad to see North America is faring badly as Irish curling is rising at this time. Hopefully the USA and Canadian curlers can turn it around 














 She's gorgeous OP! Be proud :p 









 Awww Yissss. Motha. Fuckin. Freedom. 




 *sees post*
'The top comment is going to be about that movie'
*clicks comments*
*pleasantly surprised*
*upvotes* 




 Radio W-S-K-E-E 




 Hello? 









 Condoms, condoms everywhere 




 Looks like a cell going through mitosis? :P kind of looks like spindle fibres going across and a few blotches of chromosomes in between 




 /u/doubledickdude 




 This re-inforced my thought that I really don't understand photography at all, I dont get how these are the greatest photos this year. 




 Yeah but where's the other half lol 




 Is checkers a passion of yours? 




 Magnus Carlsen and You_Are_A_Fuck are two things I never imagined id see in the same sentence 









 Love how only one ear is showing for Van Gogh 









 Suicide is never selfish or foolish. It's when you have tried everything and are exhausted. Broken beyond repair. Its cleansing yourself the only way you can 









 Boil water. Pour water. Done 




 Check out @iLoveTeensDaily's Tweet: https://twitter.com/iLoveTeensDaily/status/440222519233368065 














 What happened to the 200 OP? :'( why did you give away your collection 









 Do you have any interesting links? 




 Definitely not a rapist 




 I thought this sub was about the mythological character 'the rake' thats why I came here just now 




 Always need the nuts on my blower 




 I AM READING EVERY COMMENT IN A MORGAN FREEMAN VOICE AND IT IS AMAZING 




 was it really worth it? 









 Van Gogh 




 The first picture is Krist Novoselic in drag that's all I know 




 Geometric! 




 r/spiders here, Looks like an old molt that's gone mouldy! More than likely the spider is still hopping around in your cellar, keeping the bugs at bay :) 




 What is the red flash?  




 People like you pollute this sub and r/spiders 




 Calves appear to be the least painful according to this, what are you planning on getting? 




 Jack Black: The Early Years 




 Wow 









 Going to be tough sleeping tonight OP 




 Be careful with the pointy parts on the soldiers, Could easily hurt your tarantula if she hits them in the wrong places 




 Aww :3 




 They actually make great pets! 




 Just an old molt. Spiders shed their skin every once in a while so nothing to fear :) 




 I really like that spider 




 Lars which band member has the weirdest habit? (Can be you too) 




 Hey Lars, what's the best show you've ever done? 




 Skeup the red 




 'Fuck off' is my Norton irl 




 Her change in facial expression is what gets me every time  




 Good god how is this on page 3 




 /r/trypophobia 




 Thanks so much! :) 




 This still doesn't make obesity okay 




 I read this as 'beard art' and discovered an entirely new art medium 




 Damn I love that banf 




 True now to think of it 




 Nope, In fact I dont have one! Hope to get a G. Rosea soon 




 If you've seen the Lord of The Rings trilogy, we all remember the Shelob sequence. It would be sweet to recreate the scene a little, have a nice suitable enclosure and match it a bit to the movie. Then, Put the Frodo and Sam 'Warhammer' (a game involving painted detailed inch-high figurines) on the outside of the shelter. Thoughts? 




 It's as if she's popping out a clothes store fitting room with a new outfit!  "Hey OP, don't I look fab??"  




 What's her name? :) 




 Great comment 2xw, There are some great people here 




 Is she mature?  Could you imagine the colors if she still had a good couple molts in her, wow. Great specimen, and nice picture OP! 




 She's gorgeous!  Well taken care of and great that you kept a good eye on her during her molt. Lovely spider! 




 I love the eyes on spider 2 :3 




 Woodlouse hunter spiders have an orange/red tint at maturity so that might explain it. Hard to scale 




 I just have so much love for these spiders 




 Substrate is an inch thick 









 American Christmas Tree 




