 Just last night I finally decided to get a slime king summon....accidentally summoned it while deep undergound and he summoned in a different tunnel a little over from me, but was too far too reach and he dissappeared :/ 

Have they extended Health/mana cap by chance with this update? 




 So basically, I need to waot for a patch...hopefully in the next day, because apparently if you dont kill any monsters for a couple days you lose power points. 




 Grand Theft Auto 




 I instantly think of the Wallet App. . . 




 Really just got to follow your quest as well as possible. TONS of grinding. Grandpa Gohans house is your base. Senzu beans heal health and Ki. Wont be able to go everywhere on map until you advance in questlines. 




 They have a website, but it is i. Vietnamese. Guides translate well, but forum is mostly unreadable. 




 I was in the Grocery Store one time. I farted and shortly after a manager got called to the front. He just happened to walk through my aisle headed that way. 




 It would be cool if someone made an app that would do moving covers using a phone's tilt. 




 Shoot I called it Celebgate. 




 I was thinking superglue and foreskin, but that works too. 




 A lot of grinding, and it sometimes misclicks for me, but so far so good. 









 I mean if you are the 4chan subreddit at work after today's headlines.... 




 Here i was hoping for some Lykke Li....still cool tho 




 It is almost as if reddit as thousands of different people that are vocal about different topics. . .╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 Do we know for a fact they were stolen? Whatif the recipient of a picture decided to sell? 




 Probably Sandman:Overture #1. The pseudo-identity/existential crisis was a really enjoyable read and then the art is amazing. 




 I only see it being worth it if you arwe going to get them signed and then stored away for a good quarter-century. 




 I'm tempted to get the Justice League Canada variants, just for the added talking point that this was gonna be the actual name. 




 Either Savage Hawkman or I, Vampire. I need more Andrew Bennett, but is really a toss up between the two. 




 While I prefer Fire and Verde, Mild isn't that bad of a hot sauce. 




 Per order. 




 A standard 4$, unless you have a 50$+ order, then it is free. 




 Everything I have gotten from them has been new. 




 I've actually enjoyed Ultimates along with the Miles Morales series. Of course I hadnt read anything before the new #1's 




 The next page in this issue...just did not see that coming. 




 A good resource for collecting books is instocktrades.com. They have most book that are available, with most at 40% discount and fairly regular sales.

I would also check out your local Halfprice Books. They usually have a decent selection of Graphic Novels which you can flip through to see if anything strikes your fancy.

One series I've personally enjoyed is Sandman by Vertigo. 




 One of my LCS bags their trades. 




 Just started this the other night after having it for months. Is a pretty fun rpg. has an occasional bug but still a good game.  




 Avalon HD, Ravensword 2, and Dragon Ball Online.

Got first two from a humble bundle a while back and enjoy both. I feel it was way too easy to get money in Ravensword (Just grind the goblin hideout and fast travel to it once cleared, at 60g per shield dropped by every goblin it didnt take long to max out on best gear available.

Found Dragon Ball on the play store. It isnt too bad, but still has a good amount of translation from Vietnamese to be had. 




 I thoroughly enjoyed The Lords of Salem. 




 I've had a friend get pulled over during one of these weekends and searched/everything for lighting a cigarette while passing a checkpoint lol 




 And then waste everyone's time and taxpayer resources, but meh I'm usually working during no refusal weekends so no problem for me. 




 Talked to ATT about 1.5 MBPS being my top speed available :/ 




 Any news on Big Boi's third solo? 




 Six Flags with give you discounted admission if you bring in a coke can. 




 And the warrant issuers are on-call to expediate the process during the no refusal weekend. 




 Imma just say this: Salvia is better than molly, but I'm a weird one.

Also, In n Out doesn't have the A1 Thick n Hearty. 




 Lol, but what if you aren't but still suspect ya been? 




 I liked the ones you mentioned. Vandal Savage was decent. 




 Following it because why not? And now with the Green Latern cross over I might finally read some latern books. 




 Apparently between present day and 5 years from now there is a giant superhuman war, which we haven't seen/heard much of yet. I assume with how this week ended we will get some more background on the war next issue. 




 I want a Captain Carrot Origin story. 









 Super dope interview. Even Dre goes through the moods. 




 9th dawn is a wonderful game. I keep finding myself going back to it. Just waiting for the big update before they release the sequel.  




 Yea sometimes they are rabbits in tights and capes. 




 I just noticed the other day that if felt like forever since the last issue came out. 




 I prefer the N52 Red Robin costume to the old one, but of course I first saw him in N52 before I read anything older so I kight just be biased. 




 Shoot I wish I got paid that well. Thats closer to 8 hours of work for me. . . 




 I wonder if it his natural lisp that we hear in the trailer. 




 I second that Burger Island is awesome. 




 They need to port Biomotor Unitron. 




 Hey just giving some words of hope here. Smoked weed for years and then started having voices and negative thoughts and vibes. It'll get better. Just make sure you are honest with your therapist. 

One thing that helped me is I statted reading. Now I am really into comic books and have quit smoking. If you fons yourself just missing the act of smoking try investing in an E cig. 




 I like the subtle shots fired at North West. . . 




 Who do I need to contact to get this standee at my theatre? 




 Nah mods just wants us all to start a #occupyISIS campaign. . . 




 I've never heard it....I know all the tracks on the extended edition of Pure Heroine, but google Play omitted No Better for some reason. . .only found out this today....:/ 




 Well that was a fun read. 




 TFW no XXXL  




 My ~~first~~ only time(s) was the Wolverine. She was all like "WTF how do you keep getting it up?" 




 Rings of Night 




 Nothing compared to the wait between Sandman: Overture issues. 




 Is hola available on mobile or tivo? Dont exactly got a PC. . . 




 East of West, Sandman: Overture, Justice League United, Harley Quinn, Elektra, and All New Ultimates. 




 If I live to 45 I will have outlived my father. Halfway there. . . 




 Last I heard he uses a vape now. 




 Yes someone please ELI5. . . 




 A1 thick and hearty, Jr. sized! 




 Not to mention free shipping for orders over 50$ in the US and select new releases each week for 50% off. 




 I had both on at same time, i think the subs are more detailed, but are still drastically different. 




 It may not be 1 in 5, but the triggering of severe psychosis is still a very real possibility. Predisposed or not. 




 It can have english dubs, but they hardly match the english subs at all. It is interesting to see the difference in scripts. 




 It was the third and supposedly final round of DC sales. Batman titles were like a month back. 




 Thought so, recognized the titles and the way they are packaged. Glad someone else was able to use that sale I posted :D. My orders come in monday and tuesday. 




 From an online sale? 




 What format did you read?

Opinion on I, Vampire? 




 Ummm...no? 




 Honestly, I would like to see the New 52 Amethyst made into a movie. 




 I just watched this on netflix not even a week ago. Such a great man. 




 You could probably find a vinyl usb recorder for like 20-30$ on amazon. Used to have one a couple years ago, but cat chewed up the arm. 




 I didnt have the first two issues for the longest time, but still had it on my pull list, so about a month ago got them and binged read 1-7, a most excellent story and I like how they short of give a shout out to the Future's End weekly when they mention the island that had over 90% of superhuman DNA 




 Shoot that too 




 I'd rather...you know, pay for the actual game. 




 Still waiting for the I-III port :/ 




 It being hard is the only reason I remember. 




 Was it in 1 or 2 where you had to combo into the teacup on a building? 




 This one replaced Hulk right? I don't like how they left the ending in #4...is just so wrong. 




 I want to say two weeks total, but I have no idea when it started this round. 




 Shoot I'm going for the Hawkman Archives, the Voodoo n52, watchmen and various Vertigo's myself....trying to cut down the list below $75... The DC sales this summer have been killer on the pocket lol. 




 One notable mention is the Watchmen HC print. 

Here is to hoping the sale is still around Thursday 









 There is a Lucifer vertigo series, which I am hIghly enjoying (just finished first trade collection), I believe it picks up after the events in Sandman Volume 4. I recommend reading those first four volumes of Sandman first, but not exactly necessary.

Now if I remember right, I think Lucifer Trades were originally printed in smaller collections, but were more recently put into thicker trades. A quick glance at the wiki page will help sort them out. 

If you enjoy Sandman, I recommend the Death Deluxe trade. It has both Death of the Endless' trades in it in addition to some other stories. One of my personal favorite books I've bought.

As for trigon, havent really read much on him.

EDIT:

Sandman Overture #3 just cameout last week and was quite wonderful IMO. Try to track down the first two issues. It isn't exactly on a regular release schedule, like several months between issues. 




 You said to explain cougars...you didnt say give a solid dissertation on the entymology of "cougar". . . 




 Older women having high libido, being so rare, it gets its own term, hence "cougar"? 




 Didn't she win a spot on All That? 




 Woah...waoh..woah...Desoto is nice. Now Lancaster on the other hand. . . 




 It is a moot point, I believe is what you meant. Your point still stands, tho. 




 mfw OP didnt go to /x/ and cum on runes. 




 It is sad I had to scroll so far to see any Luda.

"You see y'all got it all wrong like women in tuxedos / And comin up shorter than five Danny DeVitos"

 




 I always, for some reason, thought he said "Like Lieutenant Dan I'm broken." This is somuch better tho. 




 Side note...is Under the Skin really horror? Sci-fi suspense at best IMO 




 Or watch it next week at a participating Cinemark for $1. . . 




