 It's nuts! That committee is,well, fuck really committed to making me see things the way I used to when I was using. Today is a better day... Therapy, day off, did some feel good stuff. I try to do inventory daily on this app, but they've been mostly about myself lately. 




 I'm still trying to figure it out. 




 I think it's more complicated than a pattern of thought. 




 In a sense. 




 My depression. My self hate, I'm so used to feeling this way that it's easier than anything else. 




 I've been sober for two years. Ever since I was 13 I've been abusing drugs and alcohol. After multiple rehabs and outpatients and therapists and psychiatrists and anti-depressants, I've finally gotten sober. Keep in mind there is an entire 3-4 years of my life I've repressed, so I don't know what that holds. I'm in therapy now, I have a job, I'm in school, and I have a healthy relationship with someone who has 4 years of sobriety and loves me to death. I have great friends, a beautiful family, and I'm still hopeless. I hate myself. I'm not good enough, and this dark place in my head has been comfortable for so long that I can't get out. It's safe here and I don't have to face anything. I'm so tired. I've been on the go since I was 13, I wanted to grow up so fast, and now that I have I'm fucking exhausted. I'm just tired of not being happy with my body, myself, who I am. I refuse to take a compliment because I don't believe it. Please, tell me what the fuck I'm missing. I'm so blinded by my own self hate that I can't see anything but the obvious....ending it. I'm so tired. Help. 




 Maybe you did something he couldn't do for himself. If they break up that's a decision they made, not you. We don't have as much control over people, places, and things the way we think we do. Hang in there OP! 




 Don't over analyze it. If you guys are best friends, find a way to talk about it. Be honest, and move on. Don't beat yourself up! Good luck OP! 




 It warrants me popping them damn it 




 Thanks! It's not a big deal, they're like family, but thank you! 




 (3rd time posting, ever, all of which have been here, on /r/tifu. Still safe to say I'm an idiot.)

I still clench my butt cheeks thinking about this. It happened a few days ago. Friday night, busy, and crowded. I'm bussing that night, covering some girl's shift. Bussers at my restaurant are practically servers, except we don't take orders. ( we do all the fucking dirty work and deal with bullshit and get less money. ) anyway, I'm clearing plates off of a table, I mean, at least 8 or 9 heavy ass dinner plates, proceed to the next table
To clear some more, when I start to lose my footing on spilled beer  (I hadn't noticed), and slide my ass into the splits.(I can't do the splits.) About halfway through, I drop all the plates, and violently grab a
Patrons shoulder, clinging for dear life before my inner thighs rip open, crying out in pain. I quickly get up, mumble something alone the lines of 'fuckohmygodimsosorryletmegetoutofyourway', run/limp to the walk-in freezer, contemplate suicide, and open the door to find coworkers laughing in my face (not unusual.) I refused to go back into that section after cleaning up. I later had to walk over with my manager and thoroughly apologize while this guy and the rest of his family just stare at me like I just shat on their table.

Still haven't forgiven myself.  




 You just told my story.
You just told my story and I can tell you from the bottom of my heart that it is NOT your fault. Life can be so ugly, and people can be so cruel, but that is one side to life, not the entire experience. You can get through this. If I can a get through it, a junkie for 8 years, who has never dealt with feelings until
Sobriety, I PROMISE you can do it.  




 What is a 'normal' life anyway? It's okay, you're okay, and it's going to be okay. Don't give up, and don't be so hard on yourself.
Take some time for yourself, breathe, meditate or pray, go somewhere you can simply be alone and learn to be still. Get it all out. Everything. Write about it, scream into your pillow, talk about it here, whatever you can do get your thoughts organized. Sometimes things seem worse in our head than they really are. 




 I am BEYOND happy to have read this comment. Please don't ever go through with it. I've been there, so many times, that dark
Place in your head that is never ending and painful beyond words. I understand that, I do, and I
Would be lying if I said I hadn't thought about it in the past week.
But it gets better. Surround yourself with people who make you feel good about yourself. You don't have to do this alone. Look into therapy. It has helped me tremendously!!! I've been trying to get sober since I was 15, now 23, I'll have two years next month and I've BARELY learned how to communicate and be okay with myself. It's work, but I don't avoid mirrors anymore.
Please don't give up.  




 This is the kind of situation where you're in complete powerlessness, and it sucks. Some people learn the hard way, and others reach their 'bottom' when they stop digging. Shit happens dude, I'm sure if you had known her plan you wouldn't have enabled her to do so. Hang in there! 




 What the fuck crawled up your asshole? Are you really going to lose sleep over a story you didn't enjoy? Take a deep fucking breath and count to 100 or something. Jesus fucking Christ. 




 These are the kind of moments I like to call 'butt clenchers.'
 




