 Letting him down gently how exactly?  He obviously adores you but is too young to understand that he can't have you all the time. Maybe if his Mother took him to nursery/day care part time he would eventually get used to not having you by his side 24/7.  When he goes to school he will have to deal with this anyway and it'll be all day. So why not gently introduce it to him whilst young, instead of giving him the shocker when he's 4/5 years old. It'll also teach him to be independent and learn the ability to adapt.                                                         I have worked in a nursery myself for a few years and some children find separation easy and others don't, at least not straight away. It can take a child 2 months to get out of the crying stage every time they go to nursery. Most children also stop 5 minutes after the parent has gone. The 'little white lie' your sister is telling him is definitely not going to hurt him. It's barely a lie as she could and certainly has the right to tell you to leave her child alone. After all, she is his Mother.   




 What would prefer, a little white lie or a whole night full of temper-tantrums, you losing your rag, screaming/shouting and no sleep. You may eventually get the result you want but now the child is grumpy and so are you. This also can {if done right} encourage them to have a healthy imagination.   




 There's little white lies and then there is zombies will rise if they find out about this lie!  




 I cannot up vote this enough!
 




 That actually made me laugh out loud. 




 Recently my 5 year old daughter asked about Adam and Eve.  So I started of with: In the bible it says that . . .blah blah. 

Once I had finished telling her, She said Mum, that's so silly. Ladies are not made from a man's rib. She also pointed out that snakes cannot talk. I was very proud! :) 




 Caught brown handed! 




 Goddess! :) 




 it can't but you can wrap the pasta around the hot dog.  




 Part cook the pasta then add the meat. Simple! 




 I grill mine. 




 Ewwww! 




 Agreed and much more healthier. 
 




 Poo poo?  How old are you? 




 I'm female actually. 




 Hahaha, that made me laugh so much! up voted.
 




 No. Chocolate doesn't remind me of that . .  




 Why did you split with her?? She's damn hot!  




 Reminds me of animé octopussy style porn.  




 And the arsehole. 




 how about experience?
 




 That's probably relating to the crap that is certain salads. Aka look ad MacDonald salad.  Just as bad for you as a big mac. A lot of readers wouldn't have thought about it.  




 In England they're £3.85.  Which is ridiculous.   




 he's a little chubby, although losing weight steadily. I think it's all the thrusting I make him do! :p
 




 The guy on the left looks like Richard Gere.  




 I don't 'swell' when I'm horny!!!! I get all moist instead :P
 




 hahaha, my fella has a big arse and he doesn't 'thrust' so well whilst in doggy style. . . . .FUK! 




 hahaha awesome film!
 




 Why the hell is this being down voted? Although I do think that this would an evolutionary effect, I do agree that we all should remind ourselves about safe sex, being ready for a family, the responsibility. Also the understanding that you are bringing child{ren} in to an already vastly over populated planet that we, as a species are destroying over time.  




 You got it in one. A lot of teen, esteem issues come from magazines, tv, films and music stars. {I would say musicians but they use their looks not vocal talents to gain fans} Stick-thin models and muscular men make young teens feel inadequate.   




 What they don't realise is the whiter the skin, the more healthier is is. Of course you still need vitamin D but it only takes a little sunlight for your body to be able to create it. Tanning and being sun burnt causes both short and long term damage. Parent's who do not persuade their naive, teenage daughters to protect their skin, should be made to go on a day course with their daughter to learn about the effects tanning salons and sunshine can have.  




 Agreed, just because someone uses a sunbed, it doesn't mean they're a slut. It means they have low self esteem and vanity issues. 
 




 thankyou, much love :) 




 Eww Dirtpig. You just put me off my lunch! 




 Can someone please fix this so the dude is a girl that's forever alone? Pretty pleeease! :) 




 Swuggles+swimming in hugs.   Shaggles= shag and hugs. Coggles+Cold hugs{warm me up!}     Snoggles=snogs and hugs . .  .you get the idea.  




 agreed. 









 I love their facial expressions. They're giggling at their own naughtiness! 




 Because when they sit down they would crush anything in the pockets. 




 agreed 




 Except, he's not a doberman. Or 'infected'. 




 This is absolutely pathectic. I want to kill Virgin right now. Utter Pricks! This is a communicational error plus organisation error rolled into one. Sorry I'm ranting. OP's girlfriend.   




 Ever thought that this was probably her Mum's idea? Your gf might have even needed perswading. Give her a chance to explain her actions. And ask what she would do if you did the same to her. Girls often get wrapped up in the whole BS that ALL men are cheats {I'm female and know it's BS guys} 

So just give her chance. And Maybe never speak to her Mother again. Or friend. 




 yo dudette! 




 Sand + sex = uncomfortable sticky, gritty times 




 Something stupid huh? I though you liked me! Humph! 




 Forever alonnnnnne.  




 I prayed! And I'm atheist 




 thankyou. 




 thankyou. 




 it was a question.  




 Hmm Well I'm calling the lady that deals with all this stuff at his office in the morning so I shall suggest it to her, whilst being very diplomatical and not screaming at her that this whole thing is pants! thankyou for the idea. :) 




 Not a fake thread. I really want my partner home :( 




 Unfortunately we don't have passports. Otherwise that would a great idea. 




 Okay My partner is a field engineer dealing with emergency shut down systems on oil rigs and ships. He is meant to be home {England} on the 23rd of December.  He's been out there for nearly two months now and his flight is booked with Virgin airlines via his company.  

He will be able to fly to Tokyo but will be stuck from there. His flight from Tokyo to Heathrow was cancelled this evening due to back log and snow.

Due to the company recently changing they no long can . . .  edit flight details in 24 hours due to them using a rubbish travel agent.  So what can we do?
  
I'm fearful that he won't be home for Christmas with my little girl and I. Also I could really do with his support right now as my Grandmother is about to die from cancer. So not a great end to the year. :(

Any advice would be helpful. Thankyou-fellow redditor. 

EDIT; All is sorted now and he WILL be home in time to dress up as Santa lol. Thankyou everybody for your kind words and advice. 




 Apart from the picking up the bar of soap in prison bit.  




 http://prince.org/msg/7/172345 




 Yeah but that's the body reacting and dealing with survival. Not you purposely knawing away.  




