 I completely relate to this. However, no one should get away with abuse; the sex of the person should not matter.  




 I hate the chase, also. It's the main reason I am currently single. Gender roles have communicated the idea that men are always supposed to be the chasers and women are always supposed to be chased. Chasing after someone who continuously runs away from you is tiring.  




 She knew that she was hurting me but I couldn't see it. She broke up with me to protect me from getting hurt even more; eventually, i realized that she was right 




 I don't even have words for this  




 The First Days of Spring by Noah and the Whale 




 Another's Arms  




 My dad starts yelling when anything sex related comes on tv. Needless to say, my family strongly avoids the topic  




 A rhino 




 I'm on Luvox as well and I can confirm. Luvox makes me want to sleep all day. It's also really difficult to wake up  




 I'm currently in ERP. It's so difficult because you have to flood yourself with those thoughts. You have to remember that you don't actually believe those thoughts are true.   




 Anaconda by Nicki Minaj  




 Correct 




 I just looked. For science. Not the prettiest thing in the world  




 In real life, I rarely mention Reddit. Reddit is my space to engage in discussion without having any judgment (or at least, sometimes). However, I think if someone who knew me in person were to look at my comment history, they could definitely determine it was me. 

What do you think, AskMen? Do you give out your username to friends? Do you think it would be easy for people who know you in person to find you on Reddit?  




 When I was a baseball player, my team had this exact same discussion. We were split half and half, also. 

I wipe sitting down. Your cheeks are already spread, therefore, it's the easiest way. If you wipe while standing up, you definitely are smearing feces around.  




 ISTJ checking in here 




 It's a tie between the two: 

1) Girls often compliment me on my eyes and eyelashes. I've been told I have pretty eyes

2) My ex girlfriend said that when I sleep, I burrow into my pillow and hold it tightly  




 Someone paying all of my student loans  




 I don't understand why everyone dislikes this record. Although people may have been expecting better, I think Drake really constructs a cohesive narrative on this record. The whole album feels as if he is telling his story of life in Toronto. 

My favorite tracks include: Energy, 10 Bands, and Madonna  




 I'm not an activist but I definitely do support Men's Rights. Similar to the way that I support Women's Rights. I think everyone should have rights. Does that make me an egalitarian? Maybe. 

Both groups definitely have extremists: MRA has misogynists and Feminisms has the "I drink male tears" women. However, neither of these define the group. My issue is when people identify with the group without fully understanding the movement. For example, most women who people would call "feminazis" do not realize that feminism advocates for equal rights for men, too. 

Ultimately, I consider myself a supporter of Men's Rights, but not an activist.  




 My heart is tired of the mind games that girls play 




 you and me both 




 After reading the comments in this thread, I noticed that most people have commented about mothers who were overbearing or manipulative. However, what about mothers who walked out on their sons or who are negligent? 

I have a habit of choosing women who are similar to my mother or father; I don't have a good relationship with either of them. I love my mum but she was not there for me, emotionally. Consequently, I tend to choose girls who are emotionally absent. However, I will agree that approval seeking is a big piece of this.  




 Thank you for the advice. I actually did pretty well grade wise during my first semester, despite everything that is going on. I am nervous that it may effect my performance. 

It seems as if support has been vital for you, so I will try to take your advice.  




 I just started talking to people about my feelings within the past two years. Most people don't know I have depression because I severely mask my feelings. My best friend believes I've been depressed for years, but she never said anything. Anyways, here is the problem. 

I've been diagnosed with OCD, but I've also been diagnosed with clinical depression. I feel as if I'm sinking into this pit of quicksand and I cannot do anything to stop it. 

* I go to counseling, but I don't feel as if I'm getting anywhere
* My sleep is becoming progressively worse
* I'm extremely exhausted all of the time. I have huge bags under my eyes, so I'm surprised no one has noticed. 
* Constant headaches
* I have zero focus, which is bad because I'm in grad school
* I don't have a strong support system 
* I'm starting to feel like a burden to the friends who know about my depression 

Ultimately, I feel as if there is nothing I can do to help myself. 
Suggestions or advice?  




 This happens to me all of the time and I hate it 




 I've seen him twice
* 1) Battle Studies tour
* 2) Born   Raised tour 




 I only drink once a week, but I normally have somewhere between 6-8 drinks in the span of two to three hours  




 My ideal self would have the following qualities: 

* Established career
* Longer hair
* Maintain fitness, ideally 10% body fat (last time I was measured, I was at 11% body fat)
* I hope my extra skin tightens soon from my weight loss
* I want to dress well for my age
* More tattoos
* Drives a 2014 Camaro, or some other nice car
* I want to be less of an emotional wreck 
* More defiant 




 My ex girlfriend once asked me how often do I drink alone. I didn't want her to think I was an alcoholic.  




 Get out of my head 




 Cry   Fap. Sometimes, simultaneously

Seriously though, I listen to music that expresses how I'm feeling.  




 I can sing, well; I don't mean this in a pretentious way, either. Most people don't consider this to be manly but I really don't care. However, most women enjoy a man with a voice.  




 Dye my hair blonde  




 I have not done one, but I would be down for trying it.  




 My favorite hoody is from Adidas. It's very lightweight, but simultaneously warm.  




 My parents did beat me. Their parents beat them. It's a generational thing. I still don't approve. I don't think beatings accomplish anything. If anything, it just taught me how to avoid punishment. 

I am not going to beat my children, when/if I am fortunate enough to become a father. My kids will learn that there are other ways to talk besides using your hands.  




 If you are experiencing itching, you should try washing your asshole. Most people don't think to do this, however, it's no different than washing other parts of your body.  




 Lately, It's been ["Kids"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLxxxXsHXZM) by Childish Gambino. I could listen to that song all day and not grow tired of it. The song just keeps me in a good mood.  




 I normally poop three to four times a day: 

1) First thing in the morning
2) After I eat breakfast
3) After lunch
4) Sometime in the afternoon 




 I have already been diagnosed with OCD   Depression. I was just wondering if anyone had similar experiences. 




 I've had many bad things done to me by women; this is part of the main reason I have trust issues when it comes to women. 

I've been sexually harassed by a girl at a party (and that's the least of it). However, I won't talk about all of the things that have happened because I'm told that men are supposed to like any and all attention from women; even if it's forced. The sexism part is that men aren't victims of dating violence.  




 I feel your pain bro 




 When my OCD first started, it began with scrupulosity. I believed that my soul was under attack by the devil. I also believed that my intrusive thoughts were demons. In order to fight this, I believed my compulsions were my method to fight these demons. I also believed that demons were trying to possess me, I had missed the rapture, and I was fighting this religious war. 

Thinking retrospectively, I am pretty sure I was delusional. 

Has anyone with OCD had any similar experiences with delusions or hallucinations? If so, could you tell me a little about your experiences? I have started to do research and I would love to hear about your stories.  




 Why?  




 literally this.  




 I will never forget her
*Two and a half years with some on and off
*16 then, 23 now
*I learned to live my life without her
*Definitely changed my outlook on relationships
*We tried being friends but it just doesn't work  




 More like mini nightmares 




 I'm not proud of this, but I have been in two emotionally abusive relationships. 

Emotionally abusive people are not completely bad or good; this is the reason it's hard to recognize the abuse at first. In my experience, my ex girlfriends were very manipulative and controlling. I felt as if I was trapped. There was nothing I could do that was right. I was always the blame. I had to walk on eggshells and try not to piss her off, or else I would be punished. I could not even voice my opinion or try to stand up for myself because she would claim that I was emotionally attacking her. I felt helpless.  

Both times, I ended the relationship because I could not take anymore. I tried to give them a chance, hoping that they would change. They did not. Emotional abuse really damages a person, years afterwards. Counseling helps, though. The best way to make it right is to acknowledge what you have done and apologize. I will never receive an apology from either ex, because they truly don't believe they have done anything wrong.  




 Thank you! Same to you!

I worked out 5-6 times a week. 30 minutes of weight training and 40 minutes of cardio. Also, I significantly altered my diet  




 Woah there. I'm not trying to brag, I was just wondering if I was average now. I lost 40 pounds within the past year. I used to be fat.  




 This completely resonates with me. I think you just have to surround yourself with people who are more open minded about that sort of thing. My friends have been those open minded people for me. We will give each other hugs and hold hands. It doesn't mean that we want to fuck. We are just brothers showing our appreciation for each other.  




 I'm just wondering what is the average shirt size. I used to wear an Extra Large a year and a half ago, but now I wear a Medium. 

Thanks! 




 Views From the 6 




