 Still. 




 Yup. 




 Ah ha! 




 It depends on what it is, the person's health, and how extreme it is. But for a contortionist with no health conditions that cause it they would have to train very carefully and make sure their muscles are toned just right, and so on. In that case it would be no more dangerous than being a runner that takes care of themselves. Though there is always something that could go wrong just like any other athlete. 




 Finally. I was beginning to wonder if you even existed. You really don't like them in any kind of preparation?  




 I'm right there with you. I hate the radio. 




 In a field at a festival. It was way late so there weren't many people out, but it was the main stage field. I was in a long skirt and we stopped after a minute and went back to his tent. That guy is the reason I get turned on when I am in a tent now. 




 Every once in a while I look up how to do an emergency tracheotomy to make sure I remember. Just because it could be useful.  




 Potatoes. I have been trying to find someone who doesn't like potatoes in any context.  




 Smoking crack.    
Just kidding, that would make a way more interesting show.      
Seriously though I would need to bathe more, put more makeup on, and maybe trim my armpit hair.  




 That makes me sick. I can understand cruelty towards other people more than animals or children.  




 I was working at a dog rescue recently. There are so many embedded collars. I can't believe how many people can do something so horrible to such sweet innocent critters. Some of the sweetest dogs I know have sickening scars all the way around their necks. It's heartbreaking. One of my favorite dogs ever has it and I hadn't even realized until I felt it. It made my stomach drop. People are disgusting. Dogs being tied up with zip ties, extention chords, and massive chains to be left outside like a lawn ornament and forgotten.  




 People talking. Especially when it is completely unnecessary information. Or some stupid conversation that other people are having while they find it appropriate to be loud enough that no one around can miss any of the story. Then there's people like my mother (who I love dearly) that will turn a simple question into an essay by rephrasing it six times so you have to answer it over and over.         
Fuck, I need quiet. I am such an irritable dick. 




 Hypermobility. As in being "double jointed". I hate that term.      
So I know a little about contortionists and plenty of the medical side of being hypermobile. I like anatomy. All the things that can go wrong are neat.      
Not that that is all that interesting to anyone but me. 




 This isn't that bad. But when I was a teen I was covered in severe hives for three months. My whole body was covered in hives. My hands and feet would get extremely swollen as well as my face and throat. I had to go to the ER a couple times because of my throat. A couple nights I would wake up and my lips would be inhumanly swollen. So I had to constantly worry that would happen to my throat and I wouldn't wake up until it was too late. I already have really shallow breathing when I sleep.       
I also have a medical condition that has several different types. Out of the six types one of them can cause potentially fatal heart problems. But I can't get any doctors to think it is important enough to get me to a geneticist so it can be tested. So who knows. 




 You can often tell you are fertile by the consistency of your discharge as well. Normally around ovulation is when your discharge becomes clear and a similar consistency as snot. (I know that is a gross compression but you know what I mean.)      
So yeah. Vaginas are neat. 




 No I'm on mountain time. But I don't sleep much so time doesn't matter.  




 How do I summon you? I need this in my life.        
*I am so alone.* 




 Yep. 




 Those little craft kits and stuff. Chemistry sets are the shit. Ant farms. Those ltitle bug caching sets. Even a magnifying glass will keep a kid us for a while.      
I'm a 23 year old woman and I really want a fucking ant farm. 




 Posted nudes on reddit. He is not too keen on that shit.      
[For the record I deleted the most recent ones.] 




 I tried one of those on top of my cymbalta for my chronic pain and it immediately made me feel hopeless so I didn't take it again. But I know they still do wonders for a lot of people.  




 I was on them in high school and briefly when I was 12 and they didn't help. That was prozac and welbutrin. So I have done what I can to manage my depression and anxiety on my own. Then about 10 months ago I began to get sick and it kicked my depression into overdrive. I don't know what it was but I went totally crazy. I was constantly pissed off and pretty much every night I was screaming and crying and punching myself in the head/pulling hair out/or digging my nails into myself until I bled.      
It was really scary and I was completely unable to control myself.        
So I saw my doctor and she prescribed me cymbalta. Somehow I got lucky and that was just the right one. I still get depressed about things but I am not insane anymore. It doesn't make me weird or anything, I feel like it made me myself again. Now I am terrified to get off of it.     
I should add that it definitely suppressed my sex drive. It is actually kinda nice because usually my lebido is all over the place and driving me crazy. My boyfriend doesn't have a very high sex drive and now we're long distance so it actually works out. It also makes it hard for me to orgasm which is a little annoying.  




 My dad is white. Mom is Hispanic and Filipino so her and my sister are totally brown. I was born brown but it faded fast and somehow I am white. I feel you.  




 I seriously can't stand people constantly trying to give me advice. As if I never thought about fucking yoga before. Like I don't mind feeling like shit and haven't bothered to try and fix it. Somehow they think it is more important to them than myself and I am just dumb because they totally know the answer and I am just stubborn. Ugh. 




 Yeah its my new favorite term. 




 That I can't work or anything because of my health. I need to get on disability but I am sick of people giving me shit for it. All I want is to go back to my job but I can't. It's not like I think it's cool to need to get on disability at the age of 23. Unfortunately it is necessary. Yet people can't seem to believe that I know what my body is and is not capable of. It makes me feel like I am lying. I constantly have to remind myself that I am not faking it and mentally go through why I know my conditions are real. 




 How many random strangers gave me dirty looks. Sometimes I notice but for the most part I am oblivious. When I am with other people they are always put off by it and point it out. So it makes me really curious how often it happens, I assume a lot considering how many of them actually make a point to be rude. 




 It always works for me. Whenever I have to do it it's because I have a bunch of hard smallish poops that are all trying to get out at once like it's 5 am on black friday. A finger in my whisker biscuit can get those bastards to go single file and I save myself from bleedy fissures that stain my panties in the wrong spot. 




 That has to have pretty high water pressure. Maybe I just have a tight asshole but I feel like it would take an unsettling amount of pressure to make it in there. 




 Only when I have to. It's just a job. *I'm so misunderstood.* 




 Or sheets of used gauze. 




 It just doesn't make sense because we have been so committed to each other. We have plans for the future. Even a couple weeks ago he was talking about getting a house.  




 Ever since I went through puberty if I get a cold or some kind of flu it lasts 1-3 months. It sucks. Luckily last time I got sick I had strep and managed to get rid of it in a few days by drinking a whole bottle apple cider vinegar.  




 Yeah I saw a really great psychiatrist at the pain clinic I was going to here but then I saw one of my pain specialists right after. She was refusing to be helpful and even said shit like "Sorry I don't have any magical powers that can fix you" and "Why do you want a diagnosis, would that make you feel better?". So I probably won't be going back there.       
I figure I will find another psychiatrist ar some point.  




 Never seen that before. I bet that is super convenient. I would want the extra plastic to waste though. I have a weekly pill sorter. I love it. The boxes for each day even pop out so I can take one with me if I leave for the day.       
[I need to decorate it](http://imgur.com/W9IQvFu) 




 Um. I think there is kind of a general rule where we're not supposed to encourage people to kill themselves.  




 My general practitioner there isn't qualified to treat me. The pain clinic basically told me I was too far gone and didn't even know where he would start with treating if he were going to. Which obviously he didn't, he just turned me away. And the rheumatologists wouldn't let me talk and spent *maybe* a whole three minutes with me and then told me to go get some x-rays of my back which I have no problems with.       
Since I have been away I have had another three doctors pretty much do the same thing. Apparently I'm not supposed to mind that I have crippling pain all the time at age 23. 




 "I try to continue living as well as doing what I can to make it the most bearable. It involves a lot of crying and Netflix. Yeas of expirence has made me one of the best in my field." Haha. 




 I might be interested.  




 Yeah that's pretty sucky. 




 Ha. Yeah I just thought I would point that out.  




 I think so to but I am imagining that once they knew there would be a child it was too late to find the guy by then. 




 This is really the best way to go about that. 




  Maybe your dad know he was having sex with his precious little girl in his own home. That would force me to kick out any one that was not family also.        
         
I think that if someone related was fucking your daughter they should be kicked out too.  




 I think it could be forgivable. Dad's tend to do stupid things when they think they are protecting their daughters. Everyone fucks up and has secrets. It would be much different if they already knew she was pregnant when he had him leave.  




 I think he might admit it is she goes about asking the right way. Even good people have dirty laundry.  




 Well gabapentin is sometimes used to help prevent seizures but every once in a while it also causes them. And I just happen to be prone to getting weird side effects that sometimes are the opposite of what is supposed to happen.  




 I know how it is. Every disappointment just pulls you down further. Everything just keeps getting more fucked. But it eventually does have to get better. 




 Haha. I get you there. My pain has always been around but it became unbearable when I got more physically active. I had to quit my job and leave my life behind to get treatment. According to my doctors the only way to get better is exercise. So that's cute.  




 It's not crazy ramblings. I know exactly what you are dealing with. My depression  was really fucking me up when I first started getting worse with my pain. I eventually had to leave my job that I LOVED. It's totally shitty. So when you say your life is shitty I believe you. But it will get better and you will push through it because you have to. You are allowed to feel dumpy but you have to keep in mind that it will get worked out and you will feel better and get to be happy again. And I'm not saying that as a person who got better. I am still fighting to get there and dealing with every stupid fuck that inevitably makes it more difficult. But it's all we can do, in the meantime we have to just try and find things to occupy ourselves so we are less miserable.  




 You are not alone. Nor are you a wuss, we all had to come to that realization. I completely understand how you are feeling. My depression is pretty severe whit my pain on top of it but luckily I found meds that help. You may be in a shitty situation right now (and believe I totally get how that is) but you will get to a point where it will start to get figured out. I try and convince myself that I know there will be a solution so I can have a life again because I am positive that there is much more my life will have to it. There is just no way I am meant to be stuck unable to do anything. I know how that sort of thing is hard to accept when everything seems so fucked and you are trapped way down under your depression but it is real.      
If you need to vent you can PM me. 




 Oh jeez. That's crazy. As long as you were only eating food I guess. Haha. 




 Now I wonder if gabapentin was doing that to me too. But I think it's normal for me to want brownies constantly. I had to stop taking it though because it was giving me pretty severe muscle seizures. That was annoying.  




 That's amazing. How are we not friends? 




 Yeah tramadol makes me a little weird. For some reason I never want to eat on it. And it does make me constipated but not as bad as everything else.  




 I know exactly how you feel. Even most doctors I see tell me "diet and exercise" and then pretty much tell me to fuck off. Even though I'm not even overweight. I hate that so many people can't grasp the idea that people like us don't have that small of an issue. Yeah sure if I have a head cold I will make tea with lemon and blah blah whatever. I even had strep a while back and I cured it by drinking a bottle of apple cider vinegar. But tumuric is not going to touch my connective tissue disorder. It is fucking absurd.      
Even my dad won't fuck off about drinking kefir. I like probiotics and all but I have a different problem. Maybe some of that shit will help a tiny bit but not as much as my real drugs do. The next person that tells me to stop taking my cymbalta and start meditating is getting punched in their stupid fucking mouth. Yall don't want to see me unmedicated. 




 Yeah that sounds like a whole different flavor of crazy. Haha. 




 That's not what they are talking about though. We know weed helps a lot of people and that's why people get medical marijuana. Doctors don't generally prescribe parsley.  




 Step 1: Quit behaving like a dick. 




 I like to craft and alter my own clothes. I hardly sew but it doesn't have to take much. I also have made stamps and decorated my own shirts and stuff.       
For a while I was working as a musician, I mostly play my banjo ukulele. It's really nice because it is way easier on my hands than a guitar or mandolin or whatever. I was starting to learn stand up bass but that is not only way hard on the hands but it is basically a full body workout. But ukuleles are great and don't take too much physically. Lots of fun to learn.      




 Damn. Hopefully you can just try some other meds out. I take tramadol because it doesn't get me high (I tend to enjoy the high other stuff gives me so I avoid it). I would like to get Tylenol 3 for breakthrough pain because while it does make me high it also makes me sleep so I would only take it if I really needed it. 




 Oi. I have EDS also. 




 Thanks. Yeah I have been thinking about trying CBD but I haven't really had the chance. And the whole money thing. 




 Yeah I know plenty about weed. I just cant.
I am female but it's a bit of a grey area. Ha. I might actually be interested in testosterone and it's side effects except for the emotional ones. I am already an irritable person.  




 Thank you!  




 I absolutely agree about going to a tattoo parlor. I got my nose pierced at 15 in a salon and they used a gun. Which is no bueno.       
It may take some shopping to find the right artist. Lots of tattoo shops have a shop minimum that would be a huge waste of money for a little dot. But there are reasonable tattoo artists out there that will give you just the right experience.  




 I have never heard of any kind of bad reactions for our type from getting tattoos. As a matter of fact I have seen several of us that have plenty tattoos. Like /u/sidsuicide who may be able to chime in on this one.      
I imagine that the only issue could be skin tearing if yours is fragile. Mine isn't very fragile but some parts like the insides of my arms are and my tattoos do fine there. You also might take a little extra time to heal than others. But if you are getting a little dot you should be pretty safe. My best bet is that it will be fine as well as look great. Dita Von Teese has that and she definitely rocks it.      
Good luck.  




 Yeah that is basically what I have been doing but every doctor I see won't take me seriously. They refuse to acknowledge that maybe a diagnosis of a disease they're not familiar with could be important. I'm 23 and had to quit my job that I loved (I cry every time I see a doctor because I just want my life back) yet they just tell me diet and exercise no matter how much information I give them. I have asked for tramadol because it helps a little and also doesn't get me high but despite my demeanor I am treated like a junkie.      
Does weed work for you? If it did for me I would just use it all the time regardless of what state I am in. Unfortunately it just makes me worse.  




 I see. I'm  stuck with a fibro diagnosis right now too. 




 That is interesting, thank you. What is weird is that I definitely have serious POTS symptoms (get dizzy and lose my vision when I stand up and shower). I also have some skin stuff like cigarette paper scars, fair skin with visible veins, vericose veins, but what is weird is that it's not stretchy at all and it also isn't fragile.  




 Thank you!  




 I honestly would love to have an outdoor toilet.  




 Yeah it is so tedious. That's nice that it helped with being in the hospital. I'm 23 and have it all figured out and still can't seem to get any doctors to take me seriously. Despite the fact that I am obviously in enough pain that I had to quit the job I loved and leave my home 200 miles behind to seek treatment.      
All I have gotten as far as diagnoses is fibromyalga and arthritis. I am fairly certain that all my suffering is caused by EDS, POTS, and dysautonomia.  




 Thank you. I will have to do that.  




 Wow. Why? Did they think you didn't fit enough criteria?  




 I am worried about it a bit despite the fact that I fit so much of the criteria. Also how many of you have more than one type? It seems fairly common but I have mostly seen people with hypermobility and classical. I suppose that might just be because they are the two most common though.      
Any tips on dealing with doctors and obtaining my diagnoses or anything of the like would be appreciated as well. I'm having a rough time with doctors and pain. 




 Yes. Sometimes I have to to help relieve the pain. 




 One of my best friends wasn't given a middle name so she could choose it herself. She chose Indigo.  




 Awesome, thank you.  




 No shit dad. 




 That would be so great.  




 Oh yeah? 




 Gives me headaches and hives. Doesn't help pain. 




 I understand. But I would absolutely trade whatever beauty I have to be free of pain. 




 Maybe not the worst but it was the most offensive because of how strong it was.     
Doing laundry for a dog rescue I worked at, I opened one of the bags full of blankets and towels from the kennels that were covered in urine and poopy. It almost knocked me on my ass. We were way behind on laundry so it must have been ripening for weeks. It was also a hot day in the ever so delightful New Orleans humidity.    
Obviously ammonia is bound to be bad but that was a whole new level. Not to mention that they use the towels for cleaning along with bleach. So I was basically working with chlorine gas.     
That was the dirtiest job I ever had as well as the best job I ever had. 




 I was just talking to my best friend about the first person to accidentally make booze and then proceed to drink it. You would think as soon as you tasted it your immediate reaction would be that it must be bad for you. General rule of thumb is that if it makes your tongue numb or burns going down it will probably kill you.    
Then she pointed out that it was probably drunk out of anger; *Shit I stored my wheat outside a while ago and I just remembered it rained a few weeks ago. Fuck. Tits. Oh great look now its all ruined. Look at that its gone completely bad and its all watery. Fuck it. Fuck this. I'm eating it anyway.*     
And then they are all drunk and the world is a better place for a few hours. 




 Any kind of canned product with the tabs to pull them open would break.      




 To not have chronic pain. I am 23 and have had it my whole life. Now it is worse and I know it will never go away. I have tried everything with no avail. It even caused me to leave my job that I loved. I basically cant function or have a life. Telling my friends I couldn't hang out on my birthday sucked.     
In theory I will eventually find doctors that will not only listen to me but actually be interested in treating me. All I can hope for is enough treatment that make me well enough to be able to take a shower and go to the grocery store in the same day.     
I am at the point where if I were diagnosed with some aggressive form of cancer I would be relieved. At least they would have to treat me.        
EDIT: It's nice to hear from the rest of you chronic pain homies out there. We are a large but quiet breed. If you haven't visited /r/chronicpain I highly recommend it. I have gotten a lot of comfort through that sub.      
Also I have  a connective tissue disorder so it won't be getting better.  




 New Orleans was a bust. Seattle hung me out to dry. Now I am going to stay with my mom near Boise. Is anyone getting treatment around there?  




 Dandruff shampoo helps me for a little bit then makes it worse. I use coconut oil on my face and armpits when they are all dry. You can also use it on your scalp and try and ingest a lot of it. If you use it on your scalp leave it on for a while. Like a few hours. It's kinda a pain to wash out but it helps. I also use it on my lady bits when I shave. It's good stuff and it smells nice. I usually find it cheapest at asian markets. It is also antibacterial. If you're feeling brave you can use it in place of body wash if you don't mind being kinda oily for a bit.  




 Yeah I probably will take some pictures. The diagnosis for POTS actually isn't that big of a deal, it's the one for EDS that is more important. EDS would be the cause of the arthritis, POTS, and the dysautonomia. It could also cause heart problems that need to be checked out. The symptoms from POTS are whatever. I can live with it and I have been since I was little. But the pain from the other shit I can't do anymore.  




 I honestly don't care that much about being diagnosed with POTS. But if a doctor would acknowledge that it is probably something I have that would be great.  




 It really does help having her.  




 Ha. No problem. Unfortunately showers are exhausting and make me dizzy. I still haven't taken one and its midnight. Haha. 




 So coo.     
Really though I am all about heathenism. 




 It's amazing how creative someone can be when it comes to manipulating a bunch of other people.  




 My doberman is the same. He chews the cap until it comes off. Usually it's soda bottles. It's amazing how fast he can do it and get the last few drops on the bed and then he licks it off.  




 My step dog cuddles with me when I cry. It's sweet. He also tries to get under the blanket all the time and if no one helps him he is horribly pathetic and ends up laying down with just his face under the blanket. He is such a big dumb weirdo. Dobermans are pretty dumb and pathetic in general. But he did learn the command "Lay down or fuck off" pretty quickly.  




 I wasn't a bully but I didn't go to school a ton and did drugs. I was one of the weird kids, hung out with metal heads. I was a bit of a trouble maker and was probably mean to some people but not on a bully level.      
Now I am a pretty big advocate for being kind and caring. I got my GED, was a working musician for a bit as well as performing as a contortionist. Most recently I worked at a dog rescue which I really love but had to quit because I am having some fairly serious chronic pain issues and seeking treatment is difficult when you have tattoos and piercings and are 23.      
I'm not all that different aside from being more mature. I was a weirdo then and I am a weirdo now. I have just found my niche in the punk scene and the bluegrass scene since then. Got myself a great partner.       
Unfortunately I will probably spend the rest of my life on disability. Turns out I wasn't just lazy and unmotivated, I have just been in pain forever. Which also explains the drugs. 




 Owie. My dog bit me in the lip a while back and it was not fun. Pierced all the way through my bottom lip but it healed up well. Turns out I was pregnant so that's why my dog hated me for a month or so.  




 Yeah I'm on like my 10th one. But I am about to find another and take my mom in with me because she will back me up and is way more clean cut than I am.  




 :( 




 I'm drawing a blank here. Orange is the new Black just put a new season out. But Netflix won't work. So that doesn't help.       
Ummmmm. Yeah no I've got nothing.       
Maybe I will masturbate in the shower later. Looks like that's my opportunity for something that isn't shitty. Hahaha. But then again I might not have the energy. We'll see.  




 My gp is the one that hates me and thinks I am a fat junkie slut. Hahaha. But I am about to get a new one and bring my mom with. For some reason female doctors don't bode well with me. The only ones I have had that will listen are under 40 and male. 




 Yep. When I am in pain I don't even care what it is as long as it is an opiate or similar to one. Tramadol is great, I like that it doesn't get me high. Even Tylenol 3  is fine, it's the only one that makes me sleep but generally if I get it I am pretty desperate.  




 That's the most recent diagnosis I got and I don't like it because there is another reason for my pain. I also just want to be treated which is easier with a diagnosis.  




 My POTS isn't even all that bad. The more pain I am in the more often I get dizzy and lose my vision when I stand up. And any time I shower my blood pools in my legs and I get dizzy. That has always happened so it doesn't bother me that much. When I was little I passed out a few times. I really only care about the constant pain. 




 I know exactly how you feel. The last rheumatologist I saw spent less than four minutes in the room with me. The pain specialist who referred me to him pretty much told me I was too fucked for him to even know where to begin treating me. So after they hung me up to dry I traveled 2000 miles for treatment near family, then those doctors chose to rinse and repeat. They pretended they wanted to help for the first few appointments which is worse.       
I don't blame you for giving up on the rheumatologists. I wish I could but now I am about to hop one state over and try again. As if being sick isn't exhausting enough.  




 It's worth a shot. I am young and have tattoos and piercings so I feel you. If you have paperwork and whatnot from your regular doctors I would bring it. Any kind of proof that you have a regular prescription for it would be great. Same with your diagnosis. Just tell them all of that. Clearly you are in a pinch and my experience with the ER has generally been good.       
Last time I went I told them about all the pain I am in and that I was a week away from my first appointment with a pain clinic but couldn't hold out any longer as my hips and jaw were just killing me. My boyfriend actually made me go. The doctor was really cool and gave me narco which makes me irritable but it was better than nothing.        
The pain specialist ended up telling me there was nothing he could do. Which is what every other specialist has ever done to me. I have always had much better luck with urgent care and the ER.         
This may not be relevant but the only way I can get taken seriously is if I bring my mom in with me because she is clean cut and backs me up.  




 I am in tears every time I see a doctor. So sick of it. 




 Haha. Thanks.  




