  ascending to power levels 

It'd have to be a really massive power level though.

Maybe over 9000? 




 60% of the people I get queued with on US E don't even speak English. Mic is actually less useful than alt clicking most of the time. 




 No. It only records 1 report per game. This is to prevent stacks from using 3-4 reports on one person with the intention of immediately putting them into Low Priority, whether the reason is justified or not. 




 Well in fairness a deso isn't exactly a high priority Lina item. Yeah it works but there are better items you should go for first. 




 Randoming is fine if done correctly and by someone that can play every hero well. Your team picked a support and a core than can function in multiple lanes and nobody has other heroes highlighted? Go ahead and random. 99% of the time your pick will be fine. And if it gets countered, well it was possible that whatever hero you would have picked anyway could have just as easily been countered. Nobody is willing to first pick a hero and the timer is almost at 0? Go ahead and random. The team has to then build around you (hopefully they do) regardless of whether you randomed or not.

Your team picked 4 cores? Don't fucking random. 




 Please format this better. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to read a gigantic wall of text. Paragraphs are your friend. 




 To touch on the muting part, I never report for communication abuse. The last thing I want is a muted player still playing ranked games and being on my team again. I report for Intentionally Feeding so if someone else does as well, they get Low Priority.

Am I abusing the system? Yeah probably. Oh well. They deserve it for being asshats. 




 I randomed as 2nd or 3rd pick on the team every game last night and am on a 6 game winning streak.

Randoming is fine if you do it smartly and can play all of the heroes to the level of the bracket you're in. 

Team picked a support and a core than can function in multiple lanes? Random your pick. 99% of the time you'll be able to lane it somewhere without a problem, and the bonus gold at the start gives you a nice edge.

Team picked 4 cores and you haven't picked yet? Don't fucking random. 




 BoTs, Shivas, Hex, Aghs, Refresher, Blink/Force. Which do you remove for Skadi?  




 Nobody wants a 2.9k scrub on their team though. Which is unfortunate because the biggest thing I want to do in this game is actually play with a tryhard 5 stack. I've stacked with IRL friends before but they usually use the time to mess around and troll the other team instead of playing to win. 




 My opinion is that if you're playing for fun you should play unranked, and if you're playing to win you should play ranked. Obviously people will disagree with me, but that's how I've always felt in video games.

There's two different sides of matchmaking for a reason. Ranked should be for tryhards, unranked should be for casuals, practice or experimentation (most of the time).

IMO.  




 I'm seeing the midas/aghs rush in high 2k as well. 

And I usually have a good enough ability to recognize what the team needs and can pick a hero I'm good at to fit the situation. I went up 200 MMR by spam picking Troll the past couple days but playing the same exact hero every game, especially one so overpowered right now, gets boring and feels like cheating. 




  However, some consistency is gained around mid-to-high 2k imo. By consistency I mean courier is bought at the start of the game.

Made me lol.

Played a position 4 Spirit Breaker (randomed it first or second pick) this past game. I ended up having to buy courier and every set of wards because the Techies refused to support. We eventually won though so that's what matters I guess. 




  Skull Basher on Sniper is actually a legit build

How? The only feasible option I can see for that being legit is having the bash chance, which is lower for ranged heroes, and we were playing against a PA. So he should have saved up for a MKB instead. I guess Basher gives you 114 health too but that's not worth spending 3k gold on as a sniper.

And if he was planning to build it into Abyssal I see the worth there if he gets jumped on, but realistically it should not be a go to item at all. 




 Probably. But in every sport or game, the best way to get better is to play against, and also sometimes with, people of higher skill than you. 

Not saying I want to consistently play at 5k, but I want to try out a few casual games to see how I do. 




 Is that so? Because I just checked datdota for every available patch and 0 results came up.

Care to share which game? I'd like to see the outcome. 




 I wish there was a way I could just play a few games at 4 or 5k in some kind of practice mode or unranked so I don't drag down people's MMR if I'm the reason for a loss.

I feel like I have the game knowledge and game sense to perform well as a support or member of the team, it's just my mechanics of last hitting aren't up to par with their level to be able to adequately farm well enough to carry a game. 




 He played like he should have realistically. He sat in the back with MoM on and attacked people like he should have. But I made sure to pop BKB and go for him as soon as I saw him every time, especially if MoM was active. 

It wasn't exactly his fault because I played the way I was supposed to, and in a way that countered him. And that's what you need to do against people that build MoMs. If you see it, blow them up. If you ignore it, you get blown up. 




 I know things like this get posted all the time, and this actually isn't a "complaining about my teammates" kind of thread.

I've played between 1.8k and 3.2k MMR over the past year and a half. Currently sitting at 2.9k.

Back when I was sub 2k, people knew nothing and at that time myself included. 10cs at 15 minutes, running into 3 enemy heroes solo, facepalm worthy item builds, etc. 

When I hit 2.5k, it was a bit better. Usually 3 out of 5 of your team knew for the most part what they were doing or how to play the hero they chose decently. There was always the bad egg or two every game that still seemed completely clueless though.

When I popped over 3k, it seemed like for the most part it got better. People knew to farm instead of face rushing enemies at 10 minutes. People could actually land skill shots, knew to TP away instead of just feeding, etc. But I'm still finding absolute retards in most games. Last night, at 2.9k, our Sniper bought a Skull Basher. People still run into a jungle blind looking for a gank and get mad when they die 1v4 because the other team TP'd to a tower and counter ganked. 

I'm nowhere near a perfect or pro player and I know that. Obviously we all have bad games where we get off to a shitty start and can't quite bring it back around. But I don't pick heroes I'm uncomfortable with or don't know how to correctly play, and that's still what I'm seeing even in high 2k. The game I just got out of, our Clinkz flamed the enemy Tidehunter for hacking because he didn't know Orchid didn't do an immediate instance of damage and Tide was able to Blink out before Clinkz could land the first arrow on him (our Clinkz was Russian though so that could also explain his toxic nature.)

My questions would be, assuming I can continue to rise in MMR, when will I see consistently a full team of people that actually know what they're doing all the time? When does the game become more of winning as a coordinated team rather than who has less noobs, for lack of a better word? When can I actually rely on my teammates to make good decisions and play well by themselves instead of feeling the need to be the captain/coach the entire game? 




  IMO it doesn't do that too much.

The MoM Sniper against my PA last game would beg to differ. 




 Sniper will be outputting the most damage on their team. He is usually the #1 priority. The way to beat a Sniper is to take him out of the fight first. If you're letting him get away with barely any HP, then it's your fault for not completing the kill. 

He's annoying to play against, I agree. Just like every high dps hero though, the key is to pressure him early and gank him when he's trying to farm solo. It requires teamwork. An unfarmed Sniper is a useless Sniper. 




  where someone on my team had above 6k mmr. 

 




 There are gap-closers that you can pick that don't require Blink daggers though. Clock, PA, QoP, Pudge (lol), Tusk, just to name 5. 

If you do require a blink, there is almost always an angle you can use to get in close. Obviously you can't just face rush into him because he'll see you. Use fog of war to your advantage, or use a smoke to get behind him. 

You're making it seem like it's impossible to get on top of him. With good play by the Sniper it's by no means easy, but it's not impossible. 




 I've found the opposite to be true. Especially in 2k where you can go up against some absolutely retarded offlane combinations that make your life a living hell.

For example I played a Tiny game yesterday expecting a Batrider solo offlane, but the Sven went with him and maxed Cleave. So they just pushed the wave into the tower and continuously dove me after level 2. It blew. Even with a Magic Stick.

edit: We ended up winning the game fine and everything, and I suppose we did break even on the lane because their dives lead to a couple deaths on their end even though they killed me as well. It just made farming an absolute bitch of a time. 




  His isnt top 10 for anything.

Sprint makes him move at almost max move speed with boots. Maybe three other heroes have an ability similar.

He has an really good AoE stun/slow on an 8 sec CD.

Built in Bash.

His ult reduces enemy hero's armor more than all but 1 spell in the game (Weave) and also gives True Sight on a 5 sec CD costing only 25 mana.

Pro teams are picking him.

 There are so many heroes far better than him at the moment.

There will always be heroes better than other heroes in some situations and worse in others. Slardar fills a certain role (as every hero is intended to), and that role is to essentially to amplify damage onto a single target and allow them to be instantly bursted down. 

He's fine. 




  Make his ult a skillshot with aoe

Why have I never seen this suggested? Holy shit that would be awesome. 

1. It would make the hero far more interesting because you will actually be sniping people instead of just clicking on them at 3000 range and it auto hits them.

2. All of the noobs who pick him and press R to win would actually need to get a little bit of skill in order to use the hero to max potential.  




 Shrapnel does a lot less late game than it does in the laning stage though. If your 3 cores have BKBs, Shrapnel is useless unless he's throwing it on supports. He could also hold onto the charges in case the enemy team is trying to run away after maybe losing the fight and play clean up, but that's not overpowered that's just smart play. 




  the fact you think im a dick makes you a complete dick, and now ill start trolling just like you and your buddy ellran.

This is why you get reported every game. They aren't even trolling. They're completely correct. 

/thread 




  No other combo can beat this combo at early game.

Omniknight + anything. Position yourself well, ward the jungle so the CM can't just run behind you, if CM freezes your carry just Repel him.

Lane won. 




  please help

I'll contact the authorities post-haste.  




 Slardar is fine. 




  I think taking away the vision that shrapnel gives would be a fair way to ~~balance the hero~~ nerf him completely into the ground. 




 Not going to watch the replay, but being in 2k he's just butthurt you stomped him. 




  you will be out of the "toxic" bracket soon enough right?

The only way to get out of the toxic bracket is to uninstall and play something else. 




 Teammate sees lowest MMR person.

Abandons immediately.

Game doesn't count.

I'm fine with that. 




  ruined a game for ~~9~~ 4 other people.

The winning team is grateful for abandons in Ranked usually. Free MMR. 




 Have two different accounts. The first was calibrated at 1.8k in 2013, highest I rose was 3.2k in a year's playing time before a massive losing streak, turning 21 (drunk dota is bad dota) and general discouragement/giving up in games dropped me down to around 2.4k. Don't think I've touched that account in months. 

Made another account, calibrated at 2.6k a month or so ago, sitting at 2.8k at the moment.

Which account? 




 At level 2 with Warcry you run at 330 ms. That's faster than every hero without boots except Ench (335) and Luna (330).

Sven can get a Soul Ring with the same timing as an Earthshaker, probably even earlier considering ES's usually don't spend their first levels doing pulls whereas a Sven could. He only needs level 8 as a support to have the skills you really want. Hell, you could even leave the stun at level 1 if you don't need the damage from it, considering the stun duration and cooldown remain the same at all levels and put points into stats to increase your mana pool if you're that concerned about it. 




  far enough to away to harras and too far for viper to hit you

TA's Attack Range = 140 + 60/120/180/240 depending on level of Psi Blades.

Viper's Attack Range = 575

All Viper has to do is stand on the creeps and orb walk you. You've never played this lane have you?  




 I was playing Viper. 




 You only need Soul Ring to be effective as a support early game. Storm Hammer has a longer cast range, longer stun duration and does the same damage as Magic Missile, for example. Skip Cleave and Ult. At level 2 you get the stun and a 12% Move Speed Bonus and +4 armor in an AoE around you. Buy a couple Clarities to support the buff until Soul Ring.

 




  TA

Viper destroys TA in lane. 




 Hm. That's basically just Eblade excluding the dot.

What about an item that upon cast (Point Target, Unit Target?) creates an AoE root effect. Sort of like an Overgrowth but with a fast projectile? Atos is 3100, GS is 1600 so maybe make the recipe cost 1000 for a 5700 total cost? 




 A 6k lost mid to a 4k? Please post dotabuff so we can laugh at him. 




 Definitely Weaver. I know exactly how far I can push the limits of the hero before I need to Time Lapse, easy escape with Shukuchi, and is all around just a fun hero to play. 

Also 6.81 Eblade/Dagon5 Tinker. I spam picked that and went up like 500 MMR. It was great. I still consider him top 3 but he's not as much fun to play any more.

And I have a 70% winrate with Bloodseeker over 68 games because he was the first one I really learned how to play over a year ago but I don't really pick him any more because he's so fucking easy to play now. 




 It's easier to win playing as a great carry with a shitty support than a great support with a shitty carry for the most part. 

A game this morning ended up with our Sniper building a Skull Basher. I wanted to cry. 




 The most annoying thing is when your team is balanced and the enemy team just picks 5 cores or 4 cores and a greedy support, you dominate the first 25 minutes but can't finish that early and the comeback mechanics give their cores an item each after a team fight and then you lose because you're trying to fight into a fucking Sven, PA, WK, Tinker and Batrider that suddenly got an influx of 2.5k gold each.

Fuck that. 




 Played a game earlier where our Lina would Euls the enemy carry during our LC's duel insisting "it's the combo for my stun."

I face palmed so hard I actually hurt myself. 




 It could be 50%. I doubt it, but it's possible. The title is

 Lets talk about Aghs Treant in Pro games

Well I'm talking about it. 




 Alchemist would literally never be picked even moreso than now. Nobody would play a hero where if you die you give MORE gold to the enemy team than you already do. That's asking to be ganked every time you show your face out of the fountain because you're a walking money pool. 




 It could work as a niche last pick. 

Out of the 25 most popular heroes in 6.83 pro games according to datdota, the only ones with innate tree clearing abilities are Rubick (Telekinesis breaks trees upon landing), Venge (Swap destroys trees), Slark (Pounce destroys trees where he lands), Batrider (Firefly), Storm Spirit (Ball Lightning), Ember Spirit (Fire Remnant) and Io (Tether). If you bump it up to top 50 it only adds Lina (LSA) , Enigma (Midnight Pulse), Phoenix (Dive, Sun Ray destroys trees he moves over, and Supernova destroys trees in the radius upon casting), Jakiro (Macropyre) and Beastmaster (Wild Axes). 

13 out of 50 are fine odds for me considering the level of effort some of those heroes would require to do it without a QB and gem.

I don't know that I agree with dumping tens of thousands of net worth into a Treant Protector safe lane farmer, but it could be a pocket strat. 




 Absolutely not. Then you would just get griefers who buy courier and disable the rest of the team from using it. 

Every player would then basically have to buy their own courier. 




 Someone in my 2.8k game last night was adamant about picking Treant for safe lane hard carry farmer. Claimed he was going to rush Aghs to farm the entire map and then Mjollnir because Treant is so high dps.

Although it theoretically could work, we had serious doubts about trusting someone to actually pull that off and he picked AM. We still won so I guess it ended up okay. 




 So don't pick him into lineups that have those heroes? Problem solved. 




  i'm peruvian

RIP my sides. 




 If only the last pick jungle midas juggernaut I had the misfortune of playing with last night could read this. 




  For each enemy hero that dies in X range of alchemist, he will gain a charge

 that when an enemy heroes dies in X range of alchemist, the rubber band effect is ignored and consumes a charge

So it does absolutely nothing? 




 You're not exactly supposed to win the lane against Viper, he's a lane dominator. He's one of the heroes you just need to shut down early. An unfarmed or underleveled viper is useless. 




 Troll absolutely destroys Sniper. If he's 1k MMR all he has to do is build Shadow Blade.  




 Pick Troll Warlord. If they try to go on you, go melee mode, pop your melee whirling axes so they get a miss chance, pop ult and murder them.

Also he's overpowered. 




 Really now?

There are only about 580 players on the Dota 2 Leaderboards showing at over 6k MMR. Europe ends its 200 player leaderboard at 6172, and China ends its at 6017. Americas and SE Asia drop to 5.7k MMR and 5.5k MMR in the top 200 respectively. Let's just do a math's sake assumption and estimate 11,000 players above 5k MMR even though that number is probably way more than the actual total, but I highly doubt less. And I think it's safe to assume that every pro is above 5k.

So what you're suggesting is that there are 4,389,000 people between 3.0 and 4.9k MMR (top 60th percentile being at 3k would mean there are 4.4 million over 3k, then subtracting out the 11,000 over 5k). The top 90th percentile in Dec 2013 consisted of 500,000 players. The top 90th percentile now would consist of 1.1 million players (if we round the current number up to 11 million). 

11,000 of those people (by these numbers) are above 5k. So 1.089 million out of the 4.39 million we need to find the top 10% are somewhere in the 3.0k MMR and 4.9k MMR range. If 5k+ only holds 11,000 players, that means 5k+ is roughly the 99.9th percentile. Meaning 3k-4.9k would consist of 39.9% of the player base, or slightly less than 4.4 million players. We already know that isn't true, because of the relatively common occurrence of MMR discrepancies you find even in 4k, where teams queuing can have a difference of up to 500 MMR (and sometimes more) between their respective highest and lowest MMR players, whereas if you're queuing at anywhere from 2-3k you're hard pressed to have that difference be more than 50. 

We can assume the players that were above 3k in Dec 2013 are still above 3k. What you're suggesting, again, is that in the span of 15 months, instead of 500,000 out of 5 million players being above roughly 3k MMR, there are 3.9 million NEW PLAYERS out of 11 million (4.4 million or 40% minus the existing 500,000) above 3k MMR. I have no idea how many of them have MOBA experience in the past, but I highly doubt that almost two thirds of the 6 million are above the skill level that would have put them in the top 10% of players only a year ago, also taking into account that a very generous number of the people playing Dota 2 in 2013 were most likely people with previous Dota and MOBA experience, already making them more skilled than someone who heard about it for the first time when its popularity took a meteoric rise. It was released for public beta in 2011. In the 2 years up to these stats being released, it'd accrued 5 million players. That number doubled in the next 12 months. 

The skill difference between a 3k player and 4k player is very noticeable. The reason for that is the lower number of players in that range. Go between 2k and 3k and you don't notice as much of a difference, although yes the difference is definitely still there.

If I had to make an educated guess, the 99th percentile (top 110,000 players) would be 4500 and the 90th percentile (top 1.1 million players) would still be somewhere in the 3k range, probably close to 3750 on the high end. I'd place the 60th at 2200 honestly. Popularity doesn't bring masters. Popularity brings casuals. The masters are the ones who've been playing this for years, and they're the ones that fill the top percentiles. Obviously there are cases where someone picked it up and excelled immediately, but that's not every player.

I calibrated ranked around December 2013 immediately at level 13. Never even heard of Dota previously except for a friend mentioning that he played it and got me to install it and try it out. I obviously knew jack shit about the game, and was quite terrible even after so many games. Got put at 1.8k. I looked through some of those games a little while back, and it was plainly obvious how terrible I was, in le reddits opinion, from my builds and stats and just remembering how I used to play. And yet back then I was almost of equivalent skill as the average player.

I'm sorry but there's no way almost half of the player base is over 3k MMR.

  




 This is anecdotal, but a game I played a couple hours ago ended up my team winning 63-26 in 38 minutes. 

We were messing around at the end with a couple lanes of racks down and 3 players on 7 kill streaks or higher (it was a massive stomp for us from the get go) and we got team wiped. 

2 of their heroes were able to buy full hearts in the span of the 2 minutes it took to get back to their ancient. 5 people on a godlike streak should only give 5k gold, right? Considering a godlike streak after 30 minutes usually gives 1k to a player maximum? 

2 of their players ended up with at least 5.5k each. Seems a bit stupid to me. 




 I don't remember when I was below 2k, but in the past week he's gotten picked or at least locked at first in a decent number of games. 




 I like to think of it as ONLY 2 million out of the 11 million are better. Makes me feel less bad. 




 10% of 10 million (rounding down from the 10,948,367 currently on the home screen) is 1 million.

If you're in the top 90%, you're above 9 million people.

1% of 10 million (again rounding down for math's sake) is 100,000. If you're in the top 99% you're above 9,900,000 people.

It's basic math. 




 Is it just me or have Russians abandoned US E? I haven't seen a toxic Russian in months. It's all South Americans now.  




 Ursa jungle gets picked every 5 games or so in upper 2k unless you manage to convince them otherwise. It's annoying. 




 I hope they update that sometime soon. With the total only 50,000 away from 11 million unique players last month it would be really interesting to see if the numbers changed at all. 

It's also crazy to think that if I'm 3.0k I'm "better" than over 9 million people at this game.

And then I remember that there are probably over a million people who use their mouse to click their spells instead of using hotkeys. 




  the STANDARD in an RTS ,which dota is, is NOT WASD.

And yet the default camera control in Dota 2 is WASD.

Bye Felicia. 




  Depends on what style you came from.

Do you know how to read? If you're coming from a FPS then you're used to and comfortable with WASD. WASD is far more common over every PC game than mouse movement. It's considered the standard and default (hence why it's defaulted to WASD in Dota 2) movement controls for PC games. Games that use mouse movement as default are the minority. Do games have an option to use mouse movement instead? Yes. But the standard is WASD. 




  I have played 

Third person games use Edge Pan, First Person use WASD. Depends on what style you came from. WoW, for example, is 3rd person but also uses WASD. So it's definitely still common. 




 Playing on US E helps me learn Spanish, so I guess it's not all bad.

On a serious note though, it's actually really stupid that I queue for US E and have to ask "English?" at the start of a game to see if I'm going to be able to communicate. 




  have no clue why would someone use something like that.

Pretty much every PC game uses WASD as the default player/camera movement. I can't think of a game I have played where it's been different as the default. Therefore, it's what people are most likely most comfortable with if you've been PC gaming for longer than playing Dota 2.
 




 I made a thread about this the other day. The consensus I got was that those 4 extra keys are used for your control groups to make micro'ing easier. 

Personally, I've only been playing Dota 2 for a year and a half. Before that I used WASD for movement of some kind in every game for the past 7 years of online gaming. It's muscle memory at this point. I have absolutely no problem changing up my hotkeys a bit and reaching the two inches with my index finger to hit another key, especially being a hardcore WoW player for 4 years where your spells required you to hit 1 through = on a consistent basis.

You can try it out, but it's not going to magically make you a better player if you're not comfortable with it. In fact, you're going to have to spend a lot of time getting used to it and you'll be worse until you do.  




 It's about half and half. The South Americans are the worst usually as far as significantly stupid things 




 If its an Aghs upgrade though, its 4200 gold and an item slot. If you think about a late game sniper running Phase, Mjoll, Daed, Bfly, Mkb, MoM for example that's a fuckton of damage. But is replacing any of those really worth it? I mean I guess you can ditch the MoM, but I probably wouldn't.

And if he needs BKB in the game, that's definitely not worth it. 




 People do stupid things in literally every game I play in. I don't think that really applies. 




  since he has a tool to cancel them on his own

Only if he knows where they are. If you blink out of fog there's nothing he can do. 




 It's already in the game. Lifestealer Infest allows you to control a creep. 




 That's actually not that bad. The mana cost is 175/275/375, and aside from Skadi nothing he builds increasing his int. Add in another 150 mana if you use all 3 Shrap charges, it's not like he's going to get more than 2 off in a fight anyway. 




 Spam picked Troll last night, went 9-2 with the longest win only being a 38 minute game in upper 2k MMR.

This hero's retarded. I died 3 times mid lane before 10 minutes in two of the wins. All it takes is level 11 and an Alpha Wolf to solo Rosh and suddenly you're unstoppable. Proceeded to end the game 25 minutes later on a Godlike streak in both of them.

1 loss came from our entire team just getting massively outplayed, the other was a poorly taken fight that resulted in 5 deaths and only me having buyback and we got gg pushed.
 




  Can we please fix the Sand King bot?

Silly me how could I have forgotten. I'll get right on that for you. 




 Like someone else said, if you're upper 4k you should try joining a semi-pro team or league or something. 

I would love the opportunity to try that out because I play so much fucking better if I have a supportive team around me that cooperates with a game plan rather than playing completely solo, but nobody wants a 2.8k scrub on their team even if I offer to play support :( 

There are so many games I could have won if the 4 randoms on my team would have pushed towers or taken Roshan after a team fight rather than going back to farm. But usually the way it goes is 2 don't speak English, 1 is trying to go for the highest GPM instead of the win and the other is a toxic feeder. But that's Dota pubs for you. 




 Slark is a hero that I haven't seen mentioned that absolutely shits on Sniper. Build Shadow Blade and run around ganking him. 

Any hero with Blink initiation is great against him. Axe and Batrider come to mind. 

The key to shutting him down completely is to wreck him early game. An unfarmed Sniper is still slightly annoying, but nowhere near as much of a threat as you'd think.

If he gets farmed, ignore the team around him and kill him first in team fights. He will output the most damage on their team if left to his own devices, and he's extremely squishy because normally people build him like a glass cannon. 




 Battle Fury should not usually be used as a damage item. It is a farming accelerator. Some heroes benefit from the Cleave effect in team fights (Ember Spirit using SoF, or Jug using Omnislash for example) but you really don't build this item for the damage at all.

It's core on AM because it accelerates his farm and makes him one of the fastest farming heroes in the game. It's core on Ember because of the synergy with SoF. Situationally, you can build one on PA as well to accelerate your farm and cleave massive crits. Not many heroes really should build this item though. 

People build it on Kunkka as well, for reasons I can understand but can't adequately explain (something something double cleave effect idk).  
 




 So I live in Cincinnati, which is 2 hours away from Columbus and I really want to go to this.

Anyone have a website link or something with information? Do you need to prebuy tickets or anything? Google isn't helping much. 




 Eh Sniper is okay I think. Shrapnel is his only skill that MAYBE could use a tiny nerf because it's ridiculous in the lane but eh.

Troll on the otherhand is fucking retarded. I spam picked him the past two days and went 11-2. Base movement speed dropped by 10 is needed. Maybe increasing the cooldown on his ult by 10-20 seconds as well because if you have any enemy T2 down and you win a team fight, its pretty much instant racks regardless of enemy buyback timers.

Or just remove his built-in bash. He gets a free 3k gold item on a hero that every 30 seconds attacks at near max attack speed. I think removing the bash would make him trash tier in people's eyes though, which is usually what you want to avoid. 




 Could be that I've gotten better I guess. I don't know, I've bounced a couple times between 2.5 and 3.0 in the span of a week or two and I didn't notice it. 




 Didn't say they were bad. That's just their style of play half the time in 2k bracket. If two teams disregard farm and just kill each other, the winning team still gets +25 MMR. 




 Once you hit 2.5k pretty much everyone knows you need to farm, unless you're playing US E at bad hours where you get all South Americans that stop farming at 8 minutes and just start running at you.

 




 People ask how to improve MMR to get out of 2k.

I gave them the solution.

Kappa. 




 I've played from 1.8k to 3.2k.

I barely notice a difference between 2.5 and 3.0 




 That's a good suggestion as well.

Or just pick Troll. I've won 5 out of 6 with him today even though I got "shut down" in the laning stage. 

It's stupid. All he needs is Aquila/Phase/HoD and an alpha wolf to solo Rosh, then you group up and push. If the enemy team fights you, you win the fight unless you're extremely outplayed considering you have to blow cooldowns on an Aegis Troll or he'll annihilate your team, creating space for the rest of your team to come in and clean up, and if they don't fight you you just mow down two lanes with Battle Trance.

Rinse and repeat two more times, gg 35 minutes. 




 This was a tongue in cheek post to mock everyone always asking how to get out of the trench, while also pointing out the problem that the hero is plain overpowered right now. 




  Kappa

 




 Why farm when you can pick a hero that has a 30 sec CD ult only countered by Omniknight and mow down towers to end a game in 30 minutes?

Kappa, but it's also true. 




 Not necessarily. The skill difference between 2.5k and 3.0k is hardly noticeable. If you spam pick Troll, win 20 games and jump 500 MMR, you're probably not going to drop like a rock afterwards. 




 Well, people at 5k for example are generally skilled enough to deal with a Troll. At 2k, you will rarely find a game where all 5 players know how to deal with a Troll, not to mention find a game where all 5 players can properly coordinate and execute the playstyle to deal with a troll. 




 Pick Troll Warlord before he's nerfed. He's instant win 90% of the time. 

You're welcome.

ITT: Nobody understands tongue in cheek. 




  Right now lightning storm is pretty useless

80/140/200/260 nuke and a mini slow on a 4 sec CD. It's arguably his best spell considering Edict is situational, Pulse Nova is situational, and his stun isn't always reliable unless you have a setup. 




 I was in a game earlier where I mic'd up to tell the mid SF (who spoke English and had been typing previously) that Spirit Breaker was charging mid.

He responds by flaming me saying he doesn't use sound and I should have pinged instead. He proceeded to feed the rest of the game, even after I switched to pings. I hate people. 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 I want to know what they base those "random" surveys on after some games are over. "Did you enjoy playing with ___ player" or whatever they are. Because 90% of those end up being either someone who was flaming the whole match or who was absolutely terrible. I always give them the lowest rating. Not sure what it accomplishes, but it makes me feel better. 




 I'm pretty sure every bracket is equally toxic. 




 Okay. 




 You're talking about someone in 750 MMR you dip shit. If they're 750 MMR, obviously they don't farm fast. 

And you're also talking about someone who, if they knew how to farm heroes already, would be doing so. But you know what the biggest mistake of low MMR tiers is? Not farming! Ask anyone in this subreddit and they'll tell you the same thing. Avoid fights early on, get a gold advantage, and then go killing.

Your suggestion is completely wrong. 




 A snowball hero doesn't snowball without basic items. You need to farm for those. 20 minutes of good farm on these heroes compared to fighting for the first 15 and you'll dominate. You must be new.

lel 




 At 750 MMR the only thing you need to do is play a snowball hero and outfarm the enemy team. DO NOT participate in early team fights. Let your team die around you and focus on farming. 

Practice last hitting in bot matches, get bigger items and levels before everyone else, and make sure you picked a tempo controller (TA, Bloodseeker, Slark, Nightstalker for examples) that can 1v1 win fights against heroes that are out of position. 

The lowest MMR I was ever at was 1.8k when I calibrated a year and a half ago. Don't rely on your team at all. In fact, I'd mute them all and just farm for 20 minutes. Then come out with a higher net worth than everyone on a hero that can 1v2 or 1v3 if needed and massacre them. 




  when in fact they are (generally) of equal skill.

This is the part I don't get. I'm at 3k. Half the people I get queued with make me wonder how they even managed to load up the game in the first place, another 45% seem like your average player, 3% are actually hey you know what the fuck you're doing and then the last 2% are god tier. 

I know a hell of a lot about this game from being active on this subreddit and watching pro gameplays. I can load into a match and tell my team exactly what items to build for situations, when to back in teamfights, what heroes would be best against their lineup or to synergize with ours, etc. The problem is most of the time my team doesn't fucking listen. (Trying to tell my team to take Roshan after winning a team fight when we're behind to reduce our deficit, give us another advantage, and also deny it from the enemy team. My team refuses to listen, the enemy team takes Roshan 10 minutes later and pushes to win. This happens constantly.)

I suppose it's my mechanical skills that aren't up to par with people of higher MMRs, but considering how many people (even carries) I see at 3k just auto attacking creeps or not using items/abilities when they need to I'm baffled that they're considered the same skill level as me.

And then if I manage to carry their 2-14-8 feeding support asses to victory, they rise in MMR and are viewed as higher skilled. Makes sense. 




 You need to get your diffusal before you're useful in any way. I still think he's best as safe lane to secure it asap, but I've been trying him offlane just to see what happens. With Soul Ring he's great at harassing a potentially squishy enemy carry out of lane if the supports rotate away.

I've had a 50/50 split as far as success goes, I've really only played like 6 games so far though. 




 Ideally you let your teammates initiate fights so you're not first target, but still ouputting a really high amount of damage.

I'm still tinkering with it, and not pro by any means.  




 Dagon 5 + Aghs is more fun. 




 Troll needs his base movement speed dropped by 10 and the health bonus halved during Berserker's Rage in my opinion. That won't kill the hero in any way, but it'll make him more balanced.

Axe...just fuck Axe. I hate that hero. No hero should be able to continuously creep cut your safe lane with a Stout Shield and RoP at level 2. It's fucking retarded. Especially if he has another hero with any kind of disable with him. You're just fucked unless it's a low skilled player. Change the scaling of his Counter Helix from 100/135/170/205 to 50/115/175/205 and it might be alright. Or cut down his starting health a bit.  




 I've been running him offlane recently. Starting out with RoP, 4xTangos, 1xSalve, 2xggbranches. 

Soul Ring, Treads, Diffusal, Vlads, Manta, Skadi, gg. 




  Why isn't Kunkka picked more then?

Because he's not overpowered like Axe or Troll currently are. 




  Visage

Since when? 




 [Logitech M510](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg)

2 buttons on the left side, I've only hotkeyed one so far and it's my microphone key. I don't use open mic because my mic is a piece of shit and I have background noise, so this makes it a hell of a lot easier than somewhere on the keyboard.

I think they're fine to use. It's the same logic as buying $100 headphones to play first person shooters. Whatever gives you the advantage over your opponent. 




