 I'm not very good so I liked that I was able to accomplish most of the things on the map; just feeling like it was worth my time made it fun. I suppose it wouldn't be for most really good players. 




 I loved buried :( 




 This is really cool. Thanks a bunch!  




 Scrubs 




 last commercial break guys. Make it count. 




 This cage looks a lot more intimidating  




 I legitimately thought he was blind, missed the first few seconds and I though it was going to be ryback writing something mean for his son, er... I feel bad now...  




  I commented below, this is my first smackdown in a while, and I'm incredibly surprised. I stopped watching it about six months ago because of how bad it is, but I feel like I've been missing out now! Definitely going to start following it again. 




 Woah, did they just acknowledge that Ryback was above/below the be a star program? 




 This smackdown has been really badass. Here's to setting a trend! 




 BLOOD ON SMACKDOWN 




 I've never been a big fan of big show's finisher being "punch someone really hard," but I'm starting to come around 




 Okay, that Rock Paper Scissors bit was awesome. 




 Am I the only one seeing Orton keep clenching his teeth randomly making his cheeks go back and forth when he's not talking? 




 Bum bum bum buuuuuuuuum 




 First smackdown I've seen in a while! 




 I'm so conflicted, I don't know enough information to decide who i should up vote 




 "And why you'd leave the stage in the middle of a song"

Rascal Flatts - Why  




 "I don't have roses in the closet

But I have pictures in a drawer

It takes everything left in me

Not to stare at them anymore" 




 Sorry about the formatting :/ 




 I used to spend hours on the Internet looking at photos
Trying to find ones that illustrated the feelings that I never could
I didn't really know what love was,
Because I hadn't really felt it yet
So everyday I just focused on me
My head
Me
But it wasn't me
And no matter how hard I tried
It's so hard, 
I couldn't be happy on my birthday
And I really
Really
Wanted to be happy on my moms
Birthday
But see, I'm not allowed to be happy when I should be
And definitely not allowed to cry when I'm sad
And when everything's going wrong
And I shouldn't continue
The hypo mania feels glorious
Every thought is an epiphany unto the source of pure joy
The most painful feeling I've ever felt has to be when I realize I should be crying and I can't

Not being in control of my emotions makes it really hard to interact with people
It was really hard to be friends with me
When you never know who I might be at the time
But you
You
I met you
And for the first time in a long time
As long as I can remember
I felt, deep inside, like I was me.
And any time I didn't show up for school
You called me
And as we got to know each other, I focused on your eyes
You were so beautiful
And as hard as my mind tried,
It wasn't able to fuck with me any more
Because for once, I was able to be happy when I should be
You have no idea how that felt
It was love
And it was outside the bounds of my head which I had been living in for so long
But you didn't know why it meant so much
So much more than it should have
Than I looked like
And when I came over to your house every day for weeks, even when you didn't want me to
You didn't know that it was me coming over
And not my mind
And that separation was glorious
And so you got scared
And told me I shouldn't come over so much
What you didn't know was that I couldn't be me without you
I couldn't be me without you
I couldn't be me without you
And so my friends told me to cut ties with you
That I shouldn't live off of you
That you couldn't breath life into me if you only did it when you felt like it
So I did
I left
And now
I spend a lot of time on the Internet
Searching for something that might allow me to feel me again
And now that every day is a day I should be crying
Every day is a painful day
Because I can't
And no one calls me
When I don't show up for school
  
 




 Haha, actually, it is, but that's not where i first saw it. There was a cooking forum a long, long time ago where an English gentleman described a pudding recipe as wanky. I took liberties and now it's a phrase I use a bunch :P 




 I appreciate that. Thank you. The noise is actually my fan, I record a lot of poems (just for myself, I dunno why I do it) but I've left it on in every one, so I think it just provides consistency for me. Oddly important to my process. 




 Lifesaver Gummies... Oh man... 




 I got a but scared reading this, because I felt like you must be the only other person on the planet who felt exactly like me. Oh well, I guess I just had to reply to let you know there are more of us out there. I know it usually doesn't seem like it. Bipolar type two, your description of emotion is... So unfortunately true. The meds make it impossible to feel. 




 Thanks man! 




 I loved my omega super soft, I putted two handed with it. Lost it three weeks ago :/ 




 I..is it okay? 




 \0/ 

This is me desperately trying to find someone to hug, maybe we'll get lucky and run into each other. 




 I would wake up tomorrow and have a best friend. 




  In other words, If you woke up tomorrow and one thing in your life was different, what would you want it to be? 




 She deleted her account, and I have no idea why  




 Solaris 




 I posted a few weeks ago on here, and a user named I-can-listen send me messages. We communicated almost daily, and she's one of the only things I have in my life. If you can make her see this, it would help so much. 




 God you really make sense, but I don't know if I have the strength to not fall for everyone I meet. I guess it's just a problem. Last night was really bad, I cut a bit but that's only the second time it's gotten that bad. I hope it doesn't get like that again. 

I want to buy you a pizza.  




 I fell in love. With a girl around Christmas. She left me for her abusive ex. My friends left me when I needed them to be there for me. I just met a girl who seemed like she was someone who wouldn't hurt me. We've been dating for a few weeks now, and were supposed to go out tonight but she asked if it was alright if she went on a girls night. I said of course. I went out with a friend of mine, not really a friend, but company, and guess what. She was there with a guy, alone. On a date. 




 Every time, I meet someone whom I trust completely, and I give myself to them. I cannot find a single person on this world who would do the same for me. They ALL have somebody. No one is truly alone. And if that's true than there's no one for me. I just can't do it anymore, my heart will never heal. It's been too long. I guess I'm just posting here to hear what you have to say, but I guarantee you're not alone. You have someone. If you don't, meet me, then someone who's not me, but more important than me, will show up. 
 




 I spent five months falling in love with a girl who said she loved me back, but was never there for me. I ignored the fact that I was never an important part of her life, and she stabbed me in the back more times than I can count. Three weeks ago I told her I was having an episode, she's helped me with depression, and she said we weren't good for each other as friends. (Not quite sure where the connection between the two comes from). Anyway, I've been miserable for three weeks, I deleted her number, but this morning I saw posts on Facebook that she's in a relationship with a guy I know and hate, and they were chatting back and forth and I've been crying ever since. I've dealt with depression long before I met her, but these three weeks and today are crushing me. I just need someone to tell me what to do so I feel better, because with depression, it's like every day makes me reach the limit of things I can handle. I can't handle this too :(
 









 Uh oh, it's been a week. I have the photo. Aw hell yeah.  




 It's my cake day, anything can happen 




