 I'm actually using products recommended from there! I've noticed improvement from when I used disposable razors but I still feel like my legs are stripped of moisture. I could change shaving cream though and see if that works.  




 I looked at the link and it said to use cerave with an occlusive, so if I put a layer of like mineral oil that should help, right? I will try a different moisturizer though, thanks for your help!  




 When I use my cerave in the tub on my eyelids they get worse. Do you know why that would happen?  




 Whenever I shave my legs they feel very irritated. My skin is bumpy, I believe I have a minor case of KP, and the shaving definitely irritates that. 

My basic shaving routine is to exfoliate with a loofah and the neutrogena body wash with salicylic acid, then I shave using a razor with a fresh new blade and shaving cream. Sometimes I use mineral oil instead but I end up with the same results. After I use my rough and bumpy lotion from gold bonds. 

However my skin still feels like... Depleted and dry and gross. I like having smooth hairless legs but what can I use to really moisturize my legs? 

Any advice is appreciated. 




 I just bought some Aztec healing clay, but when I mix it there are always lumps in it and it's not smooth. How do you guys mix it up? I mix it with water. 

Also, I bought neem oil, how do you guys use it? If I mix it with another oil can I use it on my whole face, even around my eyes? 
Last question, my eyelids get very dry for some reason, and currently I am only washing my face at night using OCM, then using BP, and moisturizing. What would be drying out my eyelids? I don't put moisturizer on my eyes because it makes it worse, but I do use sunflower oil to remove my eye makeup. Is there any kind of moisturizer I could use on my eyes? The skin is really flaky and weird. 

Thanks!  




 I'm 24 and got divorced last year. He cheated on me. You're better off! Seriously, after a few months you will feel amazing and be so glad you did it. My life has never been better.  




 Hahah this is me except I can't tell if it's from spanking or sitting too long from playing video games. 




 My fucking boyfriend did this. He TOLD me what to get him, gave me like a list and shit, and so of course I buy him stuff from that list. I'm at his place yesterday and he gets an Amazon package of what I fucking bought him! LIKE WTF BRO. 




 I experience it yeah. I actually started experiencing anxiety while drinking too, so now I just try not to at all.  




 Hey add me! 




 Add me, my safari is unknown as well! 




 Totally! I have dude friends who have sex on the regular with girls who have children, and they can't tell the difference. The vagina goes back to normal eventually.  




 Don't worry, vaginas go back to their usual tightness, hence why women can give birth and their vaginas go back to normal. 

Otherwise women who have sex a lot would have huge vaginas and that's just not the case. So go ahead and masturbate freely. Might I suggest getting a dildo? Might be better than a screwdriver!  




 I went through something similar. My ex-husband had an affair and also thought I was very useless. And truth be told, I kind of was. I was stuck in a rut, I wasn't happy, I was depressed and anxious and suicidal. Life was bad. 

I can tell you that moving on was the best possible thing for me. You don't need your husband's approval for the things you do, you should do them because you want to. I fell into that same pattern of convincing my ex I was finally going to do something with my life, but I never did. And it was because I was trying to do it for someone else and not me. 

I'm telling you that it is possible to move on and survive post divorce, and to thrive and be happy. It just takes small adjustments and some hard work. It's even pretty thrilling to do stuff just for me. I remember the first time after my separation that I bought a video game. It was awesome! I went to my own apartment and played it for hours without anyone telling me I couldn't. 

Take some time to think about you and what you need. If your husband is seeking the attention of other women he is obviously not happy either. If you are having persistent suicidal thoughts please call someone or go to /r/SuicideWatch. 

Good luck!  




 I went through something similar. My ex-husband had an affair and also thought I was very useless. And truth be told, I kind of was. I was stuck in a rut, I wasn't happy, I was depressed and anxious and suicidal. Life was bad. 

I can tell you that moving on was the best possible thing for me. You don't need your husband's approval for the things you do, you should do them because you want to. I fell into that same pattern of convincing my ex I was finally going to do something with my life, but I never did. And it was because I was trying to do it for someone else and not me. 

I'm telling you that it is possible to move on and survive post divorce, and to thrive and be happy. It just takes small adjustments and some hard work. It's even pretty thrilling to do stuff just for me. I remember the first time after my separation that I bought a video game. It was awesome! I went to my own apartment and played it for hours without anyone telling me I couldn't. 

Take some time to think about you and what you need. If your husband is seeking the attention of other women he is obviously not happy either. If you are having persistent suicidal thoughts please call someone or go to /r/SuicideWatch. 

Good luck!  




 Jesus. I thought my therapist was bad. I talked to her about my unhappy marriage and her advice was to stick with him long enough to finish school so I could use him for financial support until I found a job. Like wtf? Thankfully I did not take her advice.  




 I think it's important to understand why exactly you are afraid of phone calls. For me it was worry about sounding stupid or embarrassing myself somehow. 

My therapist recommended doing an exercise where I write down what I am thinking while I experience the anxiety. It helped put it into perspective. Then, when I make phone calls, I try to modify that thinking by thinking something positive. 

Also, practice. I started a job where I had to answer phones and I was terrified initially, but after doing it a lot it got easier, and I started to think, who gives a fuck what this person on the other line thinks of me? They don't know me, they don't define me. It gets easier. 

Good luck!  




 The problem is guys do not think that way. You said you weren't into hookups and went to his place, some guys are going to automatically assume you will have sex if you are there, regardless of what was said before. 

Dude was skeevy, and acting inappropriately, yeah. But I highly doubt he was a potential rapist. 

I've been in really similar situations where I went over to a guy's apartment and consistently they assumed sex would be had unless I explicitly told them, I will not fuck you tonight, in those exact words, that bluntly. It's like, I feel like dudes learned from somewhere that women who say no are really just being coy or some shit and sometimes you just need to be blunt.  




 This drives me nuts. Domestic abuse against men happens all the time, men just don't speak out about it. A friend of mine showed me the bruises his girlfriend left on him, and I couldn't believe it. She totally fucked him up emotionally. 




 The second he made unwanted advances you should have left. Simply being there made him believe you wanted the attention. 

And I think it's pretty extreme to say he would have raped you. Stop going on Tinder if you can't deal with the fact that yes, dudes you meet will want to fuck you. It's a part of life.  




 Erm yes please. I'm 24 as well and really craving some quality girl time, none of my friends live in Milwaukee! PM me?  




 I've heard with loose skin working out those areas helps, so maybe doing stuff like chest exercises? 

The other thing to mention is I think a lot of girls are insecure about their boobs. Yours probably look totally normal and you overanalyze because you look at them everyday.  




 Oh interesting. I'd have to double check what driver it is. Is there any workaround? Like am I stuck with that driver or could I use a different one?  




 Hey, thanks for the response! I tried reinstalling the driver and that didn't work. I tried the complete Internet repair and that didn't work either. 

I ended up installing Linux alongside Windows 8, and when I boot Linux I can connect to the Internet at work no problem. So I assume the issue is with some Windows configuration? 

At this point if I use my laptop at work I just boot Linux. I assume reinstalling Windows 8 would fix it but I don't know how to do that because I don't have the product key. 

Thanks again for your help!  




 Oh my god you are adorable.  




 Haha mine did too! One of my favorites!  




 Anyone in Wisconsin? I'm in Milwaukee!  




 I totally second keto! I don't have PCOS but it seriously gave me so much more control over my emotional eating. And eating bacon everyday was just the best. 

It also helped me feel more mentally stable.  




 Oops, forgot to mention I did switch toothpastes about a week ago.  




 Morning I splash my face with water, sometimes use stridex pads, followed with sunscreen. 

Night I use Cerave foaming cleanser and alpha Hydrox, then 2.5 BP and Cerave in the tub. 

So I have acne on my chin and neck, not really that much but it's annoying. I don't get acne anywhere else. 

My question is, I just realized I drool a lot in my sleep... Kind of gross. And now that it's getting colder and I have an almost permanent stuffy nose I breathe through my mouth more than normal. Is it possible that... My drool... Is causing acne? Is that a thing? I change my pillow case every night. If it's possible, how do I prevent this without like, saran wrapping my face?  




 I like the lipstick a lot! It's hard to see your eye makeup with your glasses on though, there's a bit of a glare.  




 Oh man I need to try that mascara because I swear I poke myself in the eye with my mascara every single day.  




 I will try to monitor that side for sure, thanks for the advice!!  




 Well it did occur right around my period, and actually I have been under more stress than usual!  




 I have just started using a new body wash from burts bees. Would that cause an issue just on my neck though? I haven't noticed an issue anywhere else.  




 I wash my bedsheets once a week and use a clean pillowcase every night or put a clean t-shirt on my pillow case. 

I do tend to touch my face a lot, like lean onto my hand, but I've always done this, so it doesn't really explain my sudden breakout on my neck. I'm definitely trying to stop touching my face though. I do use my phone on that side of my face as well, but usually I'm never on my phone that consistently... I'm thinking at least some of my acne is caused by leaning into my hand though.  




 I'm using an Asus X83V laptop running Windows 8. 

I was able to connect to the internet at work previously, but one day I was unable to connect to the network. I verified I was typing in the correct security key, restarted my computer, forgot the network and then reconnected, but nothing helped. I work in a relatively small office and no other employees were having issues with wireless connectivity. 

I generally have no problems connecting to the wireless internet at home, but sometimes it will disconnect me from the network. At that point I have to restart my computer to get it to reconnect again, I'm not sure if that issue is related. However, I'm always able to connect to the internet again after restarting. Not so with the internet at work.

So today I found we had some wireless adapters laying around, the one I used is a Linksys AE6000. I plugged it into my laptop and used that wireless to connect to the network and it worked. So...I'm connected but it irritates me that I don't know why. Is my laptop's network card failing? What is the reason this would be happening?

Thank you for your help!
 




 AM: Rinse face, Stridex pad, 2.5% BP on acne (all on chin and neck), apply Neutrogena sunscreen, then makeup.

PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave foaming cleanser, Alpha Hydrox, wait 30 minutes, 2.5% BP on acne, wait about 10 minutes, then Cerave in the tub.

I have been doing this routine for about 2 weeks, was doing the same routine minus the Alpha Hydrox for about a month and a half.

I did include one product at a time.

My issue is I have this breakout on my neck. I have never, ever in my entire life had a breakout on my neck. It's really nasty and all concentrated in one area, only on the left side of my neck. Oddly, I only ever seem to get acne on the left side of my face. Around my lip, and chin, and now neck, but on the left side only. What's the deal? I'm super frustrated about this breakout because wth, neck acne was never a problem. It's itchy and red, and some of the pimples are white. I stopped wearing makeup as of yesterday. 

The only thing I am thinking is the Alpha Hydrox, because I do tend to bring it down on my neck if I've put too much on. Would this cause acne to come out on my neck? I'm just frustrated because even when I was sleeping in my makeup and not ever washing my face I had zero issues with neck acne. Any help is super appreciated.  




 Now that I think about it, that makes a lot of sense. Especially considering I seriously only get acne around mouth and chin. I'm going to try it! Thanks!  




 What is SLS?  




 AM: I rinse my face with water, use a stridex pad on my face, then use 2.5% BP on my acne on my chin and lip area. Follow that with sunscreen and then makeup. 

PM: Mineral oil to take off my makeup, Cerave foaming cleanser to get rid of the oil, then I use Alpha Hydrox as my AHA, wait half hour, then use the 2.5% BP on my chin and lip area. Then Cerave in the tub. I also put a clean t-shirt on my pillow case every night. 

I've been doing this routine with some minor changes (added in the AHA a week and a half ago) for about two months. 

Problems:

I always have at least one pimple in my lip area. It drives me nuts. I dont really get pimples anywhere but my lips and chin. What's up with that? I read that my lipstick could cause it, so I only put vaseline on my lips. Same problem. 

Also, I have a lot of bumps and redness on my chin and neck. It feels pretty smooth but I can see the bumps and it looks pretty wonky. Is there a reason I only seem to have acne issues on my chin and neck? 

Last problem, my eyes are always dry. My left eye in particular, it is like, scaly and flaky and weird looking where I would put eyeshadow. I put this eye cream on it from Lancome and it hasn't really help. How can I better moisturize that area?

Thanks for the help!  




 Damn that looks cool. I'm gonna try this later!  




 Hahaha omg I do the exact same thing.  




 From my understanding CC is not allowed according to the rules unless specifically asked for.  




 I've heard that 10% BP is too harsh for some people, but since it's just a wash and not a spot treatment I'm not too sure. 

Maybe you could try a different cleanser? 

I also heard from someone on here that lots of acne on the jaw line is usually hormonal acne, which could be controlled with birth control.  




 /r/cringe  




 Lmao that describes me and my boyfriend perfectly.  




 Yeah! That shit is expensive.  




 Most Universities will allow a late withdrawal, I had to meet with the dean to discuss my academics and why I wasn't succeeding, then I had to release my medical records to them go prove I was legitimately having problems in school and not just being lazy. My therapist with the school recommended I meet with the dean and started the process for me. I would look into it, especially if you believe you will fail some or all of your classes.  




 This is awesome advice! I've used my school's counseling services a lot, and for one really nasty semester they even got me a medical withdraw from the semester due to mental health issues. So happy I didn't end up with a bunch of failed classes! They even have a psychiatrist on staff who prescribed me some medication. 




 I feel that way a lot in classrooms. I've found that incorporating exercise into my life (even just walking) calms me down considerably throughout the day, and doing meditation has been proven to work even if you don't know what you're doing. I sometimes look up Youtube videos of meditations (like 10-20 minutes). 

You could also talk to your doctor about getting prescribed something for your anxiety if it is interfering with school.  




 Yeah, first time I had sex it wasn't painful. Just really short and disappointing lol.  




 I bought a bunch today! I love it. I have no self control around nail polish that's on sale!  




 Can I post about my skin on my arms and legs? 

Right now I'm troubleshooting with reducing the bumpy redness on my legs mostly. I was told it's probably KP, so I bought the new gold bonds lotion for bumpy and rough skin.

In the morning I use a salicylic acid body wash (I think a Walgreens brand product) on my arms and legs, then I use a regular gold bonds moisturizer or sunscreen. Then at night I use the gold bonds KP lotion. 

I have been doing this for about three weeks. Basically my skin is crazy smooth but it still looks red and bumpy. What else can I try here? It isn't super noticeable but I'm paranoid about it and want nice skin! 

Thank you!  




 It was making my skin sort of dry. I definitely wanted to try something from Paulas choice! Thanks for the tips!  




 AM: Splash face with water, cerave in the tub and Neutrogena sunscreen spf 30.

PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave gentle foaming cleanser, Neutrogena stress control with 2% salicylic acid toner, cerave in a tub moisturizer, Burts bees spot treatment with tea tree oil. 

I introduced these products one at a time, been using this set up for three weeks. I have normal skin but I have a lot of closed comedomes which I want to get rid of, and I tend to get breakouts only on my chin and right underneath my chin. I was considering adding in a BHA but not sure which one to pick! I also want to reduce the appearance of SFs on my nose. 

Thanks!  




 Your butthurt is strong.  




 Same here. 




 I was going to say that too! Love her hair. 




 Is it necessary in the morning to use both a moisturizer and a sunscreen? My morning routine is to splash my face with water and then moisturize with cerave in the tub and then I use a Neutrogena sunscreen. My face is pretty greasy at that point, is that normal?

Would it not be hydrating enough if I skipped the moisturizer and used just the sunscreen? 




 Unfortunately only she can make the decision to lose weight. It took me a while to decide I had the will power to do it. If you eat healthy and exercise hopefully that will be enough to encourage her eventually. But any kind of comment on it will most likely only make her feel worse.  




 Oh cool! My local grocery store does have a indian section so I'll try there. 




 Oh no!! I had issues with diarrhea when I first started. I think it's because I was eating very low fat and switch to lots of fats very quickly. After a week or two I started never having to poop haha. So now I take a fiber supplement. I still don't poop a lot but oh well! 




 It sounds delicious! I love indian food. Where can you get garam masala?  




 Generally the food I have has to be cooked, I don't like to have snacks because I know I will want to eat them.

If I'm feeling very hungry I drink water or broth. Usually that helps curb my cravings. Sometimes I just need to go for a walk or distract myself. Intense video gaming helps haha! 




 Do you measure your food? That is more reliable for calorie counting. Also, she may not be losing weight but losing inches. She should take measurements, like hips and waist. 

I suggest eating less calories and incorporating exercise. If she still has not lost weight I would recommend she see a doctor. 




 Haha I have chicken thighs in my freezer too. I gotta use em! 




 You guys are adorable. 




 You are awesome, thank you for giving me the perfect thing to say to rude people! 




 Seriously, I've been lurking here for a few weeks and updated my skin care routine, my face looks great and it feels so smooth.  




 So my mom tells me I inherited this from my dad, but I have little bumps on my arms and legs that are sometimes red and occasionally scabby. It's really not that noticeable unless you look close, but I'm super envious of girls who have silky smooth legs. I'd like to improve this and have it be smoother when I run my hands on my skin! 

I only use regular dove soap on my skin and then gold bonds lotion occasionally on my legs. Like I said my skin has always been like this so I don't believe it's a reaction to any product I have used! 

Thank you guys! 




 The reason I said that is because you post in a subreddit called fatpeoplehate. I mean it's right in the name.  




 Are you on my fitness pal? I have a ton of friends on there from this sub and the main keto sub and it helps keep me motivated. Family and friends all know about my diet and support me, and keep me in line (my dad, for example, the annoying person that he is, called me out for indulging in a bite of a cream puff over the weekend).

Other than positive support from peers and online, you need to be able to motivate yourself. Keep a list of why you are doing keto on your fridge. Don't go anywhere you may be tempted to eat carbs. Only keep healthy food in the house. Experiment with keto cooking and find ways to satisfy your cravings - if I want something sweet I make fat bombs and if I want pizza I make an almond flour pizza crust. 

The other thing is don't knock yourself for making mistakes. Eat an oreo? Who cares, continue keto from that point on. If you feel guilty about it, it usually makes you want to binge on carbs all day. Learn to pick yourself up immediately after making a mistake. 

I hope that helps! 
 




 Get rid of the scale completely, or give it to someone you trust and only weigh yourself every week or so. 

I'm getting a little to obsessive with the scale myself and I decided to rely more on measurements than the scale. You might want to attempt to participate in no weigh August!  




 It just feels really fucked up to get your motivation from hating other people. That can't be healthy.  




 That's my hobby too! I've been playing Skyrim a lot lately.  




 If someone told me this story in person that is literally the exact thing I would tell them.  




 Just gotta keep calm and keto on! I had a bit of a slip up yesterday at a fair I went to. I just needed to plan my day better and bring something small to snack on to keep me satiated. I find once I slip up a tiny bit, I use it as an excuse to just keep eating like crap. Thankfully I'm back on the keto wagon again today! 




 Oh damn, I never thought of this, such a good idea!  




 If someone is the type to claim I have "daddy issues" I'm going to throw it right back in their face. Should have clarified.  




 I like to tell men who annoy me that they have "mommy issues." It takes them off guard and freaks them out. Then they get defensive and it is hilarious. 




 FC is 0447-6006-7062.

 




 0447-6006-7062! I'll have my town open, I just got back into it so it's kind of a mess.  




