 A portion of a tree. 









 I can't stand it when someone has no experience with any sort of self harm or anxiety and says "Well just quit it then." Yeah, okay, how about you quit breathing? 




 Oh, man, I struggled with this when I was younger. I had no eyebrows/eyelashes, and a large bald spot on top of my head. Even when I started treatment, it took about 2 or 3 years before I was finally able to stop completely. I still get urges sometimes, and it's been about 10 years. I'll still catch myself tugging on hair sometimes.

People who knew or noticed what I was doing would sometimes tell me things like, "Your eyelashes won't grow back if you keep pulling them out" (they did grow back, long and thick). Did anyone ever try to get you to stop by saying stuff like that?

Congrats on 5 months!!! 




 It just looks so uncomfortable. 




 My stomach dropped when I opened the picture. 




 I learned how to spell his name by remembering that it's McConey with an AUGH in the middle. 




 I'm sure you and your dad both know what's going on inside the mind of a girl all the time. 




 So basically, I drew this: http://i.imgur.com/NlJz5.png

And I actually liked it well enough that I really wanted to learn how to color digitally on it. And I got this far: http://i.imgur.com/tVrv4.png

I tried looking up tutorials, but I couldn't find any that I liked. I also wouldn't mind any critique in the drawing or coloring itself. Except about the fact that it's not unlined art, because I like the way lined art looks. I am trying to learn unlined as well, but it's more difficult for me. At least I'm getting practice in of both!

I'm using Paint Tool SAI if anyone has any tricks or tips for that program as well. Thank you! 




 Huh! It's been a while since I played, couldn't remember. I'll look some stuff up and figure it out. Thanks :) 




 i'm pretty sure i've not even gotten remotely close. how many floors are there? 




 Right after I posted this, I realized Dungeons of Dredmor might have an ending and I'm just too terrible to get there. Can anyone let me know if I need to reach the end/play 15 hours? 









 My dad yelled at me for trying to start a fire and I cried. 




 That reminds me of the time I decided to try and get my room as dark as possible with a lamp on by layering clothes over the lamp. 




 You should try talking to your friends about doing other stuff. You could say something like, "I know you guys like football, but I'm not as into it." And maybe then you can talk about finding other things to do that you do have in common. It's easy to focus on one thing when a majority of the group can easily discuss the same thing, but when someone's left out, that always sucks. But maybe if you bring up your interests, they would actually enjoy talking about it. Maybe it just hasn't occurred to them since they all already share football as a common topic.

Alternatively, you could try and make friends who do share your interests. I'm not saying abandon your current friends, but try and meet new people! It's not easy, I know it's been really rough for me, but it's worth it. Have you tried looking on meetup.com or something similar? Maybe some forums that pertain to your interests just to have people to talk to at least.

As for the last question: yeah, I do kind of randomly ask those questions. "Do you guys ever just stop and think we're made up of billions and trillions of tiny pieces of matter vibrating constantly?" Crazy stuff. I'd be willing to bet at least one person in your group of friends would enjoy talking about it! 




 I see a lot of negative comments on this, but I like it. Motivation isn't all about losing weight or whatever. Thanks for sharing. 




 IMO, it's not socially acceptable to walk up to a smoker and say that it's unhealthy to smoke. Maybe I'm in the minority, though, I don't smoke so I don't know how often people actually do that. 




 I have the final reward from that quest chain on a Horde character! 




 I think she'd just have a total meltdown and then I'd feel guilty. 




 My grandma will comment loudly about people who don't know how to read when she sees people using the wrong door at Wal-Mart. I don't think anything makes her as angry as seeing someone walk in the exit door. I could break every single teapot she owns and she would be less angry. 




 people who want to be prepared, duh 




 When my dad didn't answer my mom's call one time when we were out of town, I knew something was wrong. Really wrong.

We finally had the neighbor across the street go check on him (she was a nurse), turned out he'd had a seizure and had passed out. He was diagnosed with brain cancer shortly after, and after two years of a downhill battle, he died. 




 I appreciate new followers, but I don't do follow for follow. I want people to follow me because they want to, not because they feel obligated, and I want anyone to feel free to unfollow me for any reason. Also, I want my dash to be mostly things I'm interested in. So if someone follows me, I might check out their blog, but if they have too many posts I don't like/care about, then I won't bother following them. 




 Thank you. I didn't even think about this. I will just try to tough it out.

I am very limited with exercise options because I have a bad back from a bad car wreck. If jogging is bad, then I will just keep walking to stay active. I need more sunlight anyway. Thank you for the information. 




 This is really helpful. I have to stop thinking about the cravings I'm having in the moment and concentrate on getting rid of my flabby belly. I think if I could survive the first week, everything would be so much easier. That's what it was like when I cut sodas out.

One week. That's nothing, right? 




 I wrote a long thing then realized no one would read it so here's a summary:

I get cravings for sweets, and I break my diet after 2-4 days. I can't find a good, sweet thing that can sate these cravings that I don't have to make on my own.

Also, I tried jogging instead of my usual walking routine. I jogged for about 6 minutes (spaced apart so I wouldn't overdo it) and walked for another 20, and ended up sore for three days, to the point where I almost couldn't walk.

So I need some tips on how to sate cravings for things I can't have (foods I can replace them with, or tips on how to just power through it), and tips on how to not be in tremendous pain after jogging. I tried stretching after, I think I did it wrong...

I also struggle with depression, so even having the will power to get up and GO for a walk or jog and stay on a diet for any period of time longer than a day is a big deal for me. I'd just like to keep going so I can punch my depression in the face. Also I'm going to Europe in March and I'd like to be at least 20 pounds lighter before then. 




 It is :)

I used the water tool in Sai. Whenever I use more defined coloring, it always turns out really strange and off to me so I am probably doing something wrong. I will check out some tutorials. Thank you for your comment! 









 I have a hard time picking just one...

Annie in Wonderland

Arcade Sona

Amethyst Ashe (love her purple arrows)

Rugged Garen 




 I thought the Impala had a bench seat in the front, did I get it wrong?

It's cool anyway :) 




 Why is "tampon" censored?  




 My mom is not very motherly at all. She told me that I was too old to need a mother (I was 19), she's called the police on me because I wouldn't go to therapy (she wanted me escorted off the property and I wouldn't leave), she told me I was useless and a failure and all I was good for was disappointment, I can't joke with her because she just gets offended at everything, when I was about 10 or 11, I made a little castle out of some cardboard boxes, and when I tried to show it to her, she told me I was too old for that kind of thing.

I know there are worse mothers out there, but I don't feel like I lucked out with mine. 




 I think it's because they're the more visible ones. The louder and more obnoxious someone in, the more people see them. The decent feminists are just normal people, so they don't stand out as much. 




