 I did use my origin account. My profile lists my origin ID as well, but on my registered game page is no entry for DAO.  




 Yes, it is there, but as I mentioned in the original post, it doesn't work. The field demands a "cd key" and when I enter the product code, I receive a message that the code is wrong.  




 I did log in with my Origin account, yes. Yet still there is no "Dragon Age: Origins" entry or something in my registered game page 




 Hey folks, newbie here :)

So I downloaded Dragon Age Origins when it was for free on Origin some days ago. I liked it very much and want to download Awakening and the DLC's too (this time with paying them ofc). Well, as far as I understood it, I would need to register my game on this bioware social thingy so I can then select DLC's in the "downloadable content" section.

So now there's the problem - I can' register it. When I downloaded it, I didn't get a cd key which seems to be necessary for registering. All I have (in the E-Mail from Origin and the client itself) is a "product code" which doesn't work when I enter it into the "cd key" field.

So, what to do? Do I really need to register in order to get the DLC's? If so, where do I get one? If not, how do I do that?

Sorry if this is a dumb question, I am very new to this all. Hope you can help me :) 




 Hey folks!

So, since I now finally finished moving (yay!), I'm looking to play in a ranked 5v5 team and I thought that I could ask here. 

I am currently Gold V and a midlane main, my favorite (and best) champs are Katarina, Syndra, Ahri and Zyra. I am also a decent adc and support (and my Garen toplane kicks ass), but in a ranked team, I'd rather stick to the midlane. 


The thing I should mention here is that I'm looking for a team for me and my boyfriend, since we enjoy playing together a lot. I can promise he is a nice guy, and he will not hit on any of you (he wouldn't dare!). He's a jungle / support main and also Gold V (and he's playing a godlike eve)


So, we're basically looking for a toplaner, an adc and either a jungler or a support (but from what I've seen in the introduction threads, we're more likely to find a support I guess) 
We're both from Germany and available mostly in the evenings. We can speak both English and German and have Teamspeak etc. 


Also - I already am part of a 5v5 team that was founded here, but it seems like it's not active that much - and I think I'm more likely to reach people if I post here than if I try to contact all team members if they'd be okay with me inviting my bf. No offense to my team members with searching here - if you are okay with my bf joining, you can also just contact me.


If you're interested, you can just comment here. Or write a PM to me. Or add me ingame (Nick: Deathpact Angel). I don't mind!


Hoping for many responses! 

 




 You should have considered your wish for a marriage before you went cheating on him. We all make mistakes, that's normal, yes, but also we all have to live with the consequences of our mistakes, and I do think he's behaving reasonable.

If you want to marry so bad, break up.  




 people so obviously disliking each other that you immediatly KNOW theyll end up together

pretty much the reason there are almost no romantic comedys i like. it is always this principle :/  




 "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."

guess who said that enlightened stuff

thats right it was Mewtwo 




 What websites I already have an account for.

It's so common that I think "oh hey a cool new website"
"That e-mail adress is already assigned to an account."

"I have no memory of this place" 




 Equilibrium had a female bassist, but I think she has left. Also Eluveitie has, but they sing occasionally (not lead tho)

 




 So, some time ago I had a discussion with my boyfriend when I told him that I now follow a subreddit for girls who play LoL. The point of the discussion was basically, why girls do feel the need to make their own subreddit (as /r/leagueoflegends already exists), and which consequences has this?

And since I find the question interesting - and I currently have nothing better to do - I ask you the same.

Why do we need this subreddit? Which problems did you encounter when playing LoL as a girl, that maybe make you wish for some women-only-space? Tell your stories right here. 

The other part is - what consequences has this? Do you consider it discriminating towards male players if they are excluded from e.g. this subreddit, when maybe they themselves aren't the ones harassing women?

Also, is separating from the "big group" the right way? Do you think it might on the long run even increase hostility against female players if they isolate themselves? Or is it a proper way to deal with potential harassment? What could be done to improve the situation?

Any input is welcome. 

PS: No english native speaker. Mistakes might be included. 

 




