 Seriously, the waiting is the worst!!! My husband and I keep touching my belly saying "come on baby, time to make your appearance!!" But he just wriggles and gets comfortable. Grr. Gonna bust out some nipple stimulation soon! 




 Agreed. My psychiatrist, OB, and GP have all told me that my mental stability is more important to baby than breast milk. If I pop this kid out and breastfeeding just causes me to spiral, I'll gladly go to exclusive formula rather than risk my mental health.  




 Currently pregnant, I've always been told 24 weeks. But this is also from the date of my last period, not the ovulation date.  




 Benadryl. It's the only way I can fall asleep anymore. If I fall asleep on my own, it's at 3am after a night of tossing and turning which, at this point, is very painful. Then I wake up every 90 minutes to either pee or jab my husband bc he's snoring like crazy. Then it takes me 15+ minutes to fall back asleep.  




 I was on vaginal progesterone my first trimester and was given a bunch of applicators. Big flat white pill.  I guess it could be shoved up their with a finger? 




 Unless the daughter is trying to go to a school like Art Institute, then there's not really another major there that she could double major in that would be employable.   




 Metformin won't have any effect on whether or not you get GD according to doctor.  I was insulin resistant before pregnancy and didn't get GD.  PCOS and insulin resistance does increase your chances *a little* but taking Metformin won't prevent it.   




 I've never seen those sizes before, the sizes here are Preemie, Newborn, 0-3 mos, 3-6mos, etc...

I'm packing 8 outfits total for baby, 4 of each NB size and 0-3mos size in case baby doesn't fit into NB.  I'm far enough along that baby won't be preemie sized. 




 What my doctor said is that "Metformin helps women with PCOS get pregnant by balancing out the hormones and helping ovulation.  Once you're pregnant your body will take over after the placenta is formed."  

I took it until 6 weeks pregnant and then I was on progesterone supplementation because my progesterone was low.  All of my reproductive endocrinologist, general practitioner, and OB said to go off it.  Who am I to argue with all that education?

Just listen to your doctor/midwife, (s)he really does know best. 




 Amen to having PP help the first week.  I see so many women on here who are very adamant about being alone with SO and LO the first week.  I plan on calling my MIL as much as possible (since she offered as much help as I need) to get me into the groove of things.  I can't imagine not having help of some sort. 




 Yeah, I woke up in a panic after that one. 




 Well today we got word that we got approved for the rental house we applied for.  About 30 minutes after getting the news, I took a nap.  In my dream, my husband was sleeping in the guest room (with no marital issues) but the one caveat was that the owner of the house ran a boutique out of the guest room, so my husband had to be up and out of the room by 5:30am every day, which never happens.  So there was a big fight about that.

Then I had to participate in a karaoke contest, but the focus was on the lipstick color I decided to wear during my performance.  The judge/host was a tyrant and wouldn't let me choose my song and wouldn't tell me when I was going on stage.  I also couldn't find my favorite lipstick that looks awesome on me, so I started breaking down into tears, screaming at the woman about how unfair it was.

WTF brain...

Previous pregnancy dreams include:

Recurring dream of having to get a c-section, but the doctor can't get to the baby so they just sew me back up and shrug, saying "maybe next time!"

Giving birth, and within 2 hours my baby is driving a car (as a baby-sized human), talking, crawling, walking, etc...

Giving birth to a baby whose body, when swaddled, is the size shape of a baguette, but whose head is the size of a large olive.  Can't breast feed, I have to feed him with an eye dropper and he projectile vomits after every feeding.

Freaking terrifying. 




 Yess that sketch!!! "Amest I bovver-ed, forsooth?" 




 My mental health after my dad died while I was in college. My doctor had me on a high dose of zoloft and I was numb to most things but would break down and become really irrational. We were also in a LDR at the time. He told me recently that once he almost dropped me off after a weekend together and was going to call it off but he decided not to. The next week I started weaning off zoloft and things got dramatically better. Lower dose celexa works so much better for me anyways. 

Since we got married we've also struggled with a sudden jump in my anxiety but he's been such a trooper. I don't really deserve how wonderfully he treats me.  




 Sounds like round ligament pain. Totally normal.  




 My tactic is similar, only I lean as far back as I can while I'm on the toilet. Then when I'm done, I rock forward a little. That always seems to empty whatever is left in my bladder.  




 I was 215 before pregnancy. DH felt baby at around 28 weeks for the first time.  




 Probably not L D. Just call your OB when the office opens and ask. My mom said when she went into labor with me it felt like someone was poking a pencil into her cervix. So there's a possibility it could be something, but I highly doubt it.  




 Yay! I love reading stories like yours. My MIL is awesome too!  




 Roller suitcase for toiletries and clothes, camera bag for camera, my purse, and my husband's messenger bag for tablet, book, cards, etc 




 Cilantro. It's what I imagine satan's asshole tastes like.  




 Not a rant, but I started losing my mucus plug today (Sunday night)!! I still have a lot of clothes to wash and chest of drawers to organize and an apartment to clean. Grrrrr. Maybe I'll just put it off and get a manicure after my cervical check tomorrow.   




 I'm pretty religious and I would absolutely consider taking shrooms or acid in a very controlled environment. I suffer from anxiety and depression and am very curious about the effects of psychedelics on these mental conditions. 

I also know of one person who converted to a religion based on an experience he had while doing psychedelic drugs.  




 Another important thing: if you supplement with formula at all, make sure you do paced bottle feeding so they have to work just as hard for the formula as they do for breast milk.  Otherwise the baby may prefer the bottle because it's so much easier to feed than from the breast and they form a bottle preference. 




 Yup, I've been there before. This may sound cliche but it has helped me. When you start to get nervous, think "being anxious about this helps absolutely nothing. It is pointless and a waste of energy. Nothing bad is going to happen" and do your breathing. Breathe through it until it's over.  




 I know a mom of 3 young children who uses essential oils to treat things like strep throat. And one of her children was born with a heart defect. I'm so sick of seeing all the EO posts all over social media. EOs can be very dangerous, but people are sprinkling them everywhere for anything they can think of.  




 Not to mention Adore had given her permission to have that picture used on their web series. Did she give the ok expecting to be tooted?  




 Hmmm I never thought of it that way. Very true. Just sucks that the most obnoxious horns get the most attention.  




 Female here, who believes in gender equality:

Why not call it gender egalitarianism, then?  Feminism exists only to increase advantages of the female gender.  While I agree that in most aspects, men have the advantage, why aren't feminists trying to reduce the stigma attached with, say, male elementary teachers?  Or any male workers around children?  I've heard personal anecdotes of men being accused of being pedophiles for taking pictures of their daughters at public parks. If feminism was truly about gender equality, we would also hear more about certain inequalities that men face where women have the advantage and work to fix those things as well. 




 The problem is that the majority of the good cops have an idea of what the dirty cops are doing and don't do/say anything about it, because the repercussions can be career-ending.  There's just not enough accountability. 




 I'm so sick of hearing this one co-worker of mine bitch about any current music that isn't Muse, and how we're all sheeple for following the popular music trends and how his music preference is superior to everyone else's. 

 




 Yup, that's my Wii U.  Holding out for SSB. 




 Is sexual compatibility already determined before someone has sex?  If libido has been discussed before two virgins get married (like, how much each person thinks about sex) and it is determined they are a good match in that regard, there is still room for sexual incompatibility?  Learning about one's sexual identity with another person who is brand new to the game too can be a fun and exciting experience.

Not to mention the fact that sex may not have as much importance in a relationship as it does to you.   




 Do you know the cause of your attacks? Or does the adrenaline just flow with no thought causing it? Maybe sit close by the door and take deep breaths, try to assure yourself this won't go on forever. Go outside and breathe deep, or go to the bathroom and get a wet paper towel and apply to the back of your neck. Try opening and clenching your hands, sometimes getting blood out of your torso can help.  




 Great advice! One thing you said has echoed what my psychiatrist said: the best way to avoid postpartum depression is to prioritize sleep. 

I'll definitely be checking out that book you recommend.  




 Different love languages. When my husband does stuff around the house for me I get incredibly turned on. Especially when I didn't have to ask him to do it in the first place.  




 I've heard it's a way for them to practice breathing while in the womb.  Their diaphragm is being worked the same way ours does when we inhale and exhale. 




 Yikes. Just assure her there was a bullet dodged there.  




 Chicken and dumplings. Chicken pot pie. I gotta stop watching Food Network.  




 Does your pain feel muscular or like it's in the shoulder joint? I've been having shoulder pain tonight that feels muscular but I chalked it up to sitting funny all day today. BP has been normal, so no pre-e. No gallbladder either. Siiggh can we just be done?! 




 In the middle of college I packed up and moved to Nashville. This was in 2009, right when the economy took a dump and unemployment was through the roof. The 3 months I was there I couldn't find a job despite trying for 8 hours every day, applying for the lowliest jobs u could. Had to have my parents bail me out of my lease and I moved back home to finish school while living with them. Should've just been a commuter student from the time I graduated high school. I definitely regret my decision to try out Nashville.  




 I'm exhausted all the time, too (37 weeks).  Do you find you're eating a lot of carbs lately?  I don't have GD but I've realized if I eat/drink a lot of carbs/sugar then I get really sleepy.  




 You should check out Happy Valley 




 I'm on bed rest and have been for 3 weeks.  So far I've watched: Bones, Sons of Anarchy, Good Eats, New Girl, Blacklist, Happy Valley (VERY GOOD), United States of Tara, Rectify, Frisky Business (good doc show about a sex toy company in the UK), Better Off Ted, Doomsday Preppers, and Malcolm in the Middle. 




 It's because the mother's milk hasn't come in yet and they are only surviving on colostrum (if exclusively breast feeding) for the first couple of days.
 




 If I weren't on bedrest I'd come up with a really clever costume that would include my hugely pregnant belly.  But since I'm on bed rest, the baby will probably come before Halloween due to induction.  If not, I'll be sitting on the couch eating all the candy. 




 Yikes! I was considering starting to use my pump this weekend (at 37+1) but if it's that fast maybe I'll hold off! 




 I've only had people be weirded out by the spelling of our baby's name.  I'm sure if we lived in the UK it wouldn't be seen as an odd spelling, but living in Texas people are like "how do you pronounce that??" or when I tell them the spelling they get odd looks on their faces.  Whatever. 




 The nipple stimulation is incorrect.  Studies have shown dates reduce the need for induction or augmentation to start labor.  

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21280989 




 I have PCOS and am currently 37 weeks pregnant.  My progesterone was always low in the first trimester, despite being on a combined total of 900mg of progesterone daily.  I think I was usually bouncing between 9 and 15.  But I still believe being on that supplemental progesterone helped.  Good luck! 




 Because even a hard penis has some give to it, and the cervix is still between your dick and the baby.  Also, babies are a lot more resilient than people give them credit for.   




 Currently 37 weeks pregnant and I'm thankful that my son is a lot like your other child, just stretching and readjusting, no violent rolling or kicking. 




 How are your ovaries sick?  I thought the same, since I have PCOS, and here I am 37 weeks pregnant.   




 In most cases at this point, the baby's head is firmly lodged in the cervix, way down low.  So the only time you're close to pushing the baby's head is when you're having sex. 




 Currently pregnant with a son. I dread the day this is going to happen.  




 After I was horribly dumped in 12th grade I had a freak out argument with my ex- in his front yard that ended with a group of our friends and his mother walking onto the lawn and his mother yelling "train_subject5080, what is wrong with you?!" I definitely left with my tail between my legs. I let my teenage hormones and emotions get the best of me after my boyfriend of 2 years dumped me "because God told him to."  




 Maybe "begotten" is the keyword. Maybe Their belief is that Jesus is the only offspring of God that is "begotten"?  




 Is there a recent thread dedicated to locations of r/Christianity subscribers? Id like to see if a Houston meet up would be plausible but I don't want to create a whole new thread for it if there's not enough interest  




 Same here! 




 Currently on modified bed rest for hypertension. Decided yesterday to deep clean my bathroom, including removing the toilet seat and scrubbing it in the bath tub. Couldn't finish reinstalling the toilet seat because my hands swelled up so much. Thankfully BP was back to normal by yesterday evening but I felt like hell all day afterwards. Guess that's all the nesting I'll be doing :/ 




 I was told the most severe side effect is a slight rise in body temp, like one degree. That wouldn't affect baby and if I had it, just take some tylenol.  




 Low libido here and having a boy.  




 Had my first bout of nesting today. Cleaned the bathroom and kitchen. Now I'm exhausted. This baby needs to make an appearance.  




 Benadryl is diphenhydramine, not pseudophedrine. 




 Oh man now I'm craving it. Too bad it's 11:30pm.  




 Thank you for posting this. EOs can actually be dangerous! 




 Any formula brand is fine, generic included.  They're highly regulated by the FDA for their nutritional benefits. 




 Agreed. Had my first one yesterday. Yikes! 




 At a certain point, yes.  3 months may be too young to do this.   




 They also make white noise machines for this exact purpose.  I've heard amazing things about them. 




 I wish I could tell this to some parents I know.  One mother has a 2 year old daughter who has to nurse to sleep, despite the mother's milk drying up because she got pregnant again.  So the kid just has to suck on a boob to sleep or else will cry until she falls asleep.  Mother refuses to even try crying it out to teach her daughter to self-soothe.  

I would rather go through a stressful transition period than have a child attached to my tit for its entire childhood. 




 I try not to eat between 7pm and 8:30pm when I take my BP.  I've had higher readings when I stuffed my face around 7:30pm. 




 I used to think the same thing until I started looking for houses. Yes, some HOAs can be ridiculous, but most of the ones I have come across simply maintain the neighborhood to a certain standard. I don't want to live in a neighborhood where my neighbor can go months without mowing his lawn, because it makes the neighborhood look like shit. Same with putting a sofa on the front lawn or other things that make the rest of the neighborhood look trashy. 

Some are ridiculous though. My in laws are remodeling their house and they had to fill out forms to get approval for all the renovations.  If I want new countertops, that should be my decision only as it doesn't affect how the rest of the neighborhood looks.  




 Oh God yes.  Alyssa Edwards. Tongue pops and nails everywhere.  




 Just calm down, relax, and avoid Google. I have gestational hypertension and if I stay home and relax, my BP is perfectly controlled. Reading about it online and working yourself into anxiety attacks won't help you or baby. Just set up two times a day to check your BP (I do 8:30 am and pm), make sure you're relaxing for 15 minutes before taking it. Do breathing exercises. You'll be fine :) 




 I would love chipotle if they didn't load up their rice with cilantro. Thankfully I'm in Texas where I can get freebird's instead, since they use mexican rice.  




 Yup! I used to eat turkey and margarine sandwiches when I was a kid and around 13 weeks I had horrible cravings for them.  I never gave in as it grossed me out a little too and I was paranoid about listeria. Weird how these things creep back up on you! 




 I'm guilty of using almost every other term in this thread, so no worries. 




 I know people who have baby talked their child so much that it has started to seep into adult conversations.  And one of my husband's co workers still baby talks to her 5 year old.  Not surprisingly, he isn't great at verbal communication. 




 When people refer to newborns as "delicious" or other food-like adjectives.  The baby is not a food item, you will not be eating the baby.  The baby may be cute, adorable, etc... but *NOT* delicious. 




 I haven't even seen much hate for Capaldi's Doctor.  Maybe it's because I don't actively look at DW stuff outside of this subreddit, but I've only seen a couple of negative opinions of him. 




 Muslims believe Jesus was a prophet, just like Mohammed. Neither are viewed as divine in Islam.  




 My husband and I left LCMS for similar reasons. We are so much happier in the ELCA. All the liturgy, none of the bigotry! 




 What kind of Baptist are you referencing? I grew up Southern Baptist and it was not Calvinist in the slightest. I had never heard of Calvinism until the John Piper fad started in the early 00's.  




 36 weeks today! Next appointment is tomorrow, where I'm hoping we will discuss an induction date!

Had my baby shower yesterday after a horrible night of insomnia. Got home and my BP was perfect, thankfully. Bed rest seems to be doing its job! 

I have no idea what I'm going to do with all this stuff we got from the shower. Thankfully we don't need much more! 




 Dates have been shown to assist in the ripening of the cervix, making it go faster. May not induce the ripening but definitely helps progress things. Can't find a study bc I'm on mobile but they have been shown to help.  




 Mine hasn't been too bad until this last week.  I just want to cry because I'm so tired but nothing is working.  I'm actually eating a lot of candy right now hoping that I'll sugar crash and pass out as a last resort (thank God for no GD).   




 Do not quit Prozac cold turkey unless under a doctor's supervision!!  I'm 36 weeks pregnant and taking Prozac.  If your anxiety and depression interferes with your life, the stress of dealing with that can be worse for you and baby than being on the medication while pregnant.  Please stay on the medication until you have your doctor's appointment, or call the doctor before your appointment (like, in the next couple of days) and ask his recommendation for the Prozac. 




 Prozac is safe for pregnancy, too.  I'm 36 weeks pregnant and currently on Prozac. 




 Kill me.  I barely slept last night, maybe 4 hours total on and off.  Then I had my baby shower today, which was amazing but freaking exhausting.  Now it's 11:20pm and I can't sleep again.  Benadryl has absolutely no effect, even when taking a dose equivalent to a Unisom.  And my husband is in there after falling asleep in literally 90 seconds.

At least I have a lot of baby shower stuff to catalog, snacks to eat, and a good book to read.

Any suggestions on falling asleep other than a diphenhydramine-based medicine? 




 Also 249   louetta.  




 It was wonderful!  And with both sexes invited, we got tons of loot!  




 Baby shower today! It's a coed BBQ so lots of brisket, sausage, potato salad, and cobbler! Can't wait!

I haven't had any caffeine the last 2 months and I had like 4 diet cokes yesterday. I haven't slept more than 3 hours last night. Not super happy.  




 And as hard as it is to believe, traffic in Austin is worse than in Houston  




 Can these be common among certain ethnicities? Half of the small company I work for is from Beijing and half of those people have ass breath.  




 Haven't had my baby yet but had to pay my deductible to my OB, which was $1800.  I got another bill from the hospital saying I'll owe $600.  The bill I paid to my OB covered vaginal delivery, his appointments and services before baby is born and one post partum appointment.  Doesn't cover any of the hospital expenses.  We'll probably end up being billed around $2800 total including deductible. 




 Every day, every hour I feel the same way.  My husband does too.  There are times we look at each other and go "what the fuck did we do??" and it gets scarier as it gets closer.

The only thing that is consoling me is that there are people out there who are in worse situations than I am (and who are worse people than I am) who somehow raise healthy children.  I'm also judgey and I have certain acquaintances who are mothers and I find myself thinking "if SHE can do it, I can do it."   




 I've heard this from a lot of older women, but most of my friends who have given birth in the last 2 years have said "that's complete bullshit, you'll probably sleep better!"  




 My MIL has been doing the same lately, too.  She's like "Seriously, cherish the time you have now because your life will never. be. the same. again!!!"  I want to tell her to STFU because it's not making my husband's views on the pregnancy any better, I think he's mourning the loss of his current care-free life.  




 Not to mention the fact that heavy whipping cream doesn't have much lactose in it at all.   




 As someone of average attractiveness (and I'm pudgy), I refuse to go to any of the "hot" bars or clubs because I will absolutely be ignored for all the pretty things in tight dresses.  I've waited 15 minutes to order drinks before, even with trying to flag down the bartenders multiple times.   




 I may have turned down inductions if I didn't have any complications at all.  But I have had hypertension, so I trust my doctor's judgement when he suggests to induce early. 




 Bed rest seems to be effective. Blood pressure is completely normal! Going to get my caterpillar eyebrows tamed sometime today for my baby shower on Saturday. Talked to doctor on Monday and will be induced before 40 weeks to avoid potential problems which I am perfectly fine with. 

And all I want now is 2 donuts and a kolache. Need to make a Shipley's run soon.  




 Yup! Taking BP twice daily and weekly doctor appointments :) 




 Clearly you haven't been to the Houston Medical Center, the largest medical center **in the world** 




 Your story sounds identical to mine.  I was on 30mg Celexa before getting pregnant.  Weaned off around 12 weeks pregnant, then in late July my panic came back full force.  I am currently on 10mg of Prozac.  It's much better for baby and me to not be stressed out all the time than for the baby to come into contact with a little bit of an SSRI.  I know people who have had anxiety so severe that they stayed on Klonopin during their pregnancy and their child turned out fine.  

I'm currently 36 weeks, and I still have moments of anxiety, but the medication definitely helps.  I couldn't function at work, my blood pressure was up.  I knew I needed help.  I went back to my psychiatrist and we both decided it was the best route to go for the end of this pregnancy.  This also gives a jump start on helping with PPA or PPD.  Since it's such a low dose it shouldn't affect baby that much at all.
 




 :) Thanks.  Mine's been mostly normal, just some hypertension lately.  So ready to not be pregnant anymore.

 




 Damn, did they tell you how/why?  




 Ahhh I'm almost 9 mos pregnant.  Should not have read this. 




 Same with my MIL, but they're wealthy and usually pretty frugal.  It's her first grandchild so I'm just letting her do what she wants and buy us a lot of stuff. 




 Been in our current apartment for 2 1/2 years, but we'll be moving around November 15th to a rental house.  Not enough room in this apartment for all 3 of us :)  Lived in Houston all my life save for a couple years in college where I went to schools out of the city.  Always returned, though! 




 35 weeks here. Get the chest flutters every day.  Doctor says it's s normal due to increased blood supply. It's just really obnoxious.  




 Been on bed rest the last 2 weeks (currently 35 weeks). Asked my doctor if I'll make it to 40 weeks and he said he will probably want to induce me before then. Cue huge sigh of relief. I want to be induced so badly.  




 We met in 7th grade English class (public school). First impression of him: dumb football jock. 

His first impression of me: snooty private school transfer.  




 Prepared? Yes. Ready? NOOOOOPE.  Having all the typical "am I fit to be a mother?" doubts.  My husband's even worse.  He's over the pregnancy but he is terrified of what happens when baby comes out.  We're going to be a mess but I'm sure we'll survive. 




 Same!  Due beginning of November but due to gestational hypertension, doc will probably want to induce early.  AHH! 




 I can say with 100% certainty I would not have made the same choice.   




