 Even then, it wouldn't be harassment unless the person in the picture was contacted and harassed.  




 Banned to keep people safe?

Unless you waltzed in there to check out the pictures, you never would have seen anything from it. 




 Yeah, but Germany is civilized. 




 Where do you see feminists bitching about this? 




 Since the leave isn't anywhere near your normal salary (even in countries where the government helps to shoulder the costs) and babies cost a fortune, you'd be broke in no time if you did this. 




 The woman shoulders the burden until birth. Then it's only a social problem. The woman could easily return to work after recovering and the man stay home with the baby if that's how people wanted it.

In fact, stay at home fathers are growing in number. 




 America isn't developed though, you see.

This is a very big deal to us. 




 The leave isn't anywhere near your normal paycheck (even in countries where the government helps shoulder the costs) so it isn't a very good incentive to have kids.

Not to mention the birth rates are going down even in countries that have mandated leave already. 




 Higher taxes on the wealthy to pay for things for the good of society isn't just European rhetoric. 

Eisenhower did it in the 50s. Marginal taxes on the rich were 90%. 




 If what other countries have done is so impossible for America, we really should give up that #1 status we so love to claim. 




 I'm fine footing the bill for social services I can use. 




 Sanders isn't European. He wouldn't be taking his views "back" anywhere as he's American. 




 Some guys fuck their cars. I bet Jefferson fucked his plow. 




 Wasn't there a type of slavery where slaves were given a task for the day, and once it was completed, they could grow their own food, keep their own chickens, etc? Task slavery or something, I think it was called.

Of course, this was by no means the norm. 




 People pay a lot of money for farm animals today, but they're never abused. Right? Right? 




 We don't even allow the most mild forms of female circumcision (even pricking the clitoral hood with a needle to symbolize circumcision is illegal) for Muslim parents, so there is a path already. 




 http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html

Doctors from several different medical associations published this in response to the AAP's stance that circumcision is beneficial. 

There's also the fact that in Germany, Sweden, Denmark, etc medical associations backed attempts to ban the practice on children. 




 I'm anti-child circumcision, even for religious reasons.

I don't feel Jews should get a pass. I'm all for religious freedom, but your freedom ends where someone else's body begins. 




 Nicholas Cage. 




  Yes, the courts may demand a man pay child support (if they can find him), but that doesn't mean he will pay child support and ultimately he is still given the choice of whether or not he wants to deal with the pregnancy.

That choice isn't really real, since skipping out on child support can lead to loss of property and a great deal of jailtime. 

As a woman, I feel a lot more privileged when it comes to this situation than men do. No one can force me to care and pay for a kid I don't want. That's why I support financial abortion for men.

Of course, I also support full abortion rights for women, universal healthcare and childcare so children are cared for too, etc. 




  If we had universal child care and health care and a better public education system and guaranteed basic income, we could do away with child support laws.

I believe in "financial abortion" for men, but I also believe we should have all of these things, like many countries already do. 




 I support the idea of financial abortion for men so they have more options. Look up that concept if you're unfamiliar with it.

However, he still doesn't own the woman's uterus and should have no say in whether she aborts or not. Her body, not his.  




 I'm all for giving men for options (I am for the idea of financial abortion) but a woman's uterus is her business, and she should be able to abort no matter who doesn't want her to. 




 When I worked at Wendys, we had to throw away all uneaten food. Weren't even allowed to grab a fry. 




 Whose Line is unpopular? To who?

1988-1998 series has a 8.3 on IMDB.

1998-2006 a 8.7.

The 2013 series has a 8.6 so far.

It's very popular outside of Reddit. It wouldn't have been brought back twice if it weren't. 




 I'd like to mention here that one of the early signs of a disturbed person is the torturing of animals. It's certainly connected. 




 If basic human decency for a creature that can feel suffering doesn't sway you, how about the fact that antibiotic resistant diseases due to overuse of antibiotics are becoming a problem?

Factory farmed animals live in such dirty and bad conditions that they're given antibiotics to keep healthy. The FDA says that out of all antibiotics sold for use by people and animals in the USA, livestock use 80% of them. 

Keep animals in clean and healthy conditions and you don't have to pump them full of drugs. 




 A vaccine can be for either viruses or bacteria. 




 Some states have a law that if your windshield wipers are on, your headlights have to be on. 




 I once pulled out in front of someone because a) it was barely dawn, b) it was raining heavily) and c) they didn't have their headlights on. 

I didn't see them at all. They honked their horn and cursed at me. 




 ER services always have to be performed, even without insurance. But after that? You can be denied medical care for lack of insurance, yes. 

I was denied a procedure that burned precancerous cells off my cervix for a time just because my insurance didn't want to pay it.

http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-finds-45000-deaths-annually-linked-to-lack-of-health-coverage/

One study found that 45,000 people a year die in the USA from lack of insurance, and uninsured Americans have a 40% higher chance of death than insured Americans. 

 




 Maybe it's because I'm poor, but I consider $52 to be an expensive gift. 




 My sister broke her leg and needed surgery. She had $5K to pay after insurance. Just for the surgery, not counting the ER visit, physical therapy, etc. 




 $44? A visit here can easily be in the hundreds if you don't have insurance. Hell, sometimes even if you have insurance.

 




 Wages haven't been keeping up with the cost of living for decades. Sort of hard to plan for the future when you can't survive today. 




 SJWs have said this is dangerous for women to do because then the man may attack them. 




 I'm not asking for advice, just if someone knows anything about the pill. 




 I think you broke one of Askwomen's silly rules:

No excluding groups of women based on demographics. 









 I had Spike. I was disappointed. 




 I don't understand. 




 Yes. Generally, if one spouse makes a lot more than the other, that person pays alimony. 




 This entire system needs fixed. It wasn't okay when it was happening to men, and it isn't okay when it happens to women. 




 "He took the house, half my pension, half my salary - and, what's worse, the children," she says.

Funny...many feminists didn't consider it an issue when that was happening to men after divorce.

Really, the whole divorce system needs an overhaul. Men (and women) shouldn't be screwed over in a divorce for their spouse. 




 Northern countries don't see a lot of sun in the winter, which greatly increases the risk of depression and suicide. They generally see the sun go down at 4:00 in November, before 3:00 in December and January, and 4:00 in February.

 




 This sort of thing makes me glad my depression hit long before puberty. My very real illness might have been overlooked as teenage angst.  




 And yet they complain about (the very real issue of) the number of men who commit suicide compared to women. 




 Bruce Jenner after having some form of sex-reassignment surgery. 




 How do you know that? 




 No excuse for this. 




 I'd do this if I had the money to move. 




 I haven't even heard of this. 




 Sanders is pushing for a Scandinavian style system. No one is dying there. 




 Sanders is a Democratic socialist, which is different from socialism.

Democratic socialism can exist with capitalism.  




  it was more of an appeasement and corralling measure.

AKA: politics 




 Yep. And the character usually dies from it.

I'm an avid OTII player. 




 Criminally negligent homicide would be more accurate. 




 Parents should be charged with child endangerment.  




 Even babies get erections. 




 The things they do to avoid work are more work than what they're trying to avoid. 




 Is there even one dress code rule girls have that boys do not? 




 I am sort of nervous because I know I'll probably start crying right away. What do they ask you? 




 I put my 18-year-old cat to sleep in March.

Hun, I feel your pain. 




 Sort of off topic, but what is with liberals and their obsession with taxing churches?

Because they take in millions a year? Because they use the roads, the police, and the fire departments? 




 Wages haven't kept up with the cost of living.

Seeing a doctor is outside of my means, but sometimes I have to do that. 




 My boyfriend bought a used Iphone over Ebay.

So clearly, he isn't poor! 




 Taxes are higher in many European countries, and they don't seem to have the issues poor Americans do. 




 I've been voting for 8 years. 




 There are other countries than that. 




 Austria, Brazil, Malta, Scotland (for some elections), Argentina, Bosnia, Germany (for some elections), and a couple US cities have a voting age of 16 for local elections. 




 Many countries already have a voting age of 15-16 and it hasn't seemed to have done them any harm. 




 Many countries already have voting ages at 15-16, and it hasn't seemed to cause them any harm. 




 I am taking accounting classes. 




 Oatmeal is a type of porridge.  




 I am an office aid. I make $8 an hour. 




 The sad part is that many MRAs are invalidating real issues men have with their BS. 




 America might be the worst place in the developed world to be poor. 




 Is it that fucking hard to put AT LEAST $20 a paycheck into a savings account?

I just got a $800 medical bill. Yes, it is. 




 A car isn't a luxury.

I need my 1996 Subaru to get to work and class. 




  Live and budget by deducting 15% from your paycheck as savings.

I make minimum wage. lulz 




 Try that on minimum wage or just a little more now. 




 "Just manage the money you don't have better." 




  the 70.7% who drank alcohol in the past year, or

One glass of alcohol in a year hardly shows a habit.

 




 1) A 1996 Subaru

2) A laptop I got for Christmas and a $20 MP3 player

3) I don't like coffee 




 I have none of that. 




 As a college student, eating food that isn't Ramen is out of my means. 




 Yes. 




 Yep...that's me. 




 Women in Israel and Norway can answer this question. 




 If you can just snap out of depression, you didn't really have depression.

You were just down for awhile.
 




 That's younger than 13 weeks. 




 China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.

So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China. 




 China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.

So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China. 




 China has notoriously bad Good Samaritan laws. Many people have been sued for helping injured people for possibly injuring them further.

So it isn't unusual to see people standing around doing nothing when someone in hurt in China. 




 Yep. 




  It would be like showering with my Dad when his dong is out.

I used to shower with my dad when I was little. One day I tried to grab his penis (first time I noticed it, I guess) and that ended our showering together. 




 If that had been my kitten, I'd be on one of those "children who murder" TV shows. 




 I use baby wipes after wiping with toilet paper, but I throw them in a trash can with a lid.

It's never smelled. 




 You can support the 2nd amendment and still be for placing restrictions on it. 

That's like saying you aren't really supportive of the 1st amendment unless you support someone's right to lie in a court of law as free speech.  




 That would be common sense gun restriction. We *used* to have that ban in fact, and Americans still enjoyed plenty of guns.

 




 None. I was a very boring kid and teenager. 




 Sorry, I'm just scared shitless of causing someone to wreck into me. 




 I copied and pasted Bernie's voting record on guns and added my own comment at the end. 




 Drugs.

As someone with severe anxiety and depression, I need drugs just to function. Sleep is one of these things. 




 I'm sure that none of the stories there actually "happened". Even if they did it's a drop in the ocean compared to the real domestic abuse suffered by women.

Because someone has to actually beat you up severely for it to be real abuse, right? 




 Your class can include everyone you graduate with, not just the people you take actual classes with. 

Not saying this BS story is true, but using both words class and cafeteria doesn't disprove it. 




 It seems like it really could be related to anxiety, and I have it bad.

Okay, to explain the concept, let's say that the color red upsets me, and I want to try to forget about it for a little bit to give my mind a break. Let's see what I can do to take my mind off of it.

Listen to music? Okay. But the song I was listening to mentioned a clown, and they have red noses. Back to thinking about red.

Browse the internet with grayscale on? Well, I saw a picture of a picnic table in an ad, and my elementary school had a red one.

Eat a sugar cookie? The last cookie I had was an MM cookie, and some of those were red.

Anyone else deal with this insanity that makes it impossible to get any real mental rest? Of course, it's more complicated than being bothered by a color, but that's the basic gist of it.

Oh, and if it's relevant, I take Wellbutrin, Lexapro, and another fast acting pill for anxiety that I can't remember the name of daily. 




 Why does it matter whether it's state or federal? It's still a government benefit. 




 Voted YES on allowing firearms in checked baggage on Amtrak trains. (Apr 2009)

Voted YES on prohibiting foreign  UN aid that restricts US gun ownership. (Sep 2007)

Voted YES on prohibiting product misuse lawsuits on gun manufacturers. (Oct 2005)

Voted YES on prohibiting suing gunmakers  sellers for gun misuse.
 (Apr 2003)

He's hardly a "gun grabber". 




 So should we disband the fire departments and police? If your house catches fire, you're on your own?

Because that's a government benefit. 




 The Swedish Medical Association calls for a ban. The Danish College of General Practitioners calls for a ban. The Australian Medical Association said they'd support a ban. The German Medical Association is in agreement. I had an entire list but that's what I could remember off the top of my head. 




 The foreskin isn't a birth defect or a vestigial organ. 




 Foreign medical professionals are largely against infant circumcision though. None of them are against vaccination. 

Many medical associations even supported banning the practice when the idea was being thrown around Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, etc.

http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html

And here is some literature written by several doctors from all over the world protesting the AAP's stance that circumcision is very beneficial.  




 It's largely Muslim as well. In south east Asia clitoral hood circumcisions are considered religious. 




 Male circumcisions in Nigeria are performed under the same dirty conditions female circumcisions are with poorly designed tools. 




 You still can't guarantee it's safe if you do that. 

Hell, Africans can do that too, but they still don't have access to safe water. That's the entire point of it being a human right. 




 College isn't just for training for a job. That's what trade school is. 




 Ah, never been too good at math. 




 (a+b)(a+b)

Right? 




 Beer hasn't been declared a human right by the United Nations. 




 And all this is happening while people look down on those going to school to study history. 




 They're very popular in other countries. That's why McDonalds workers in Europe can get $10/hr. 




 I disagree with almost everything you just said (except for rap music, I think it's shit. But I don't feel that it's to blame for the problems in the black community) but I don't feel the need to stalk your comment history and bitch about it.

That's the difference between normal people and BRDs. 




 My boyfriend enjoys being pegged by me without the need for feminism. 




 But if a man has a vagina now, isn't he a woman socially?

 




 What about the Descent? Pretty sure that's only been called horror. 




