 Would have played football if given the chance. Probably could have actually gotten a few years of college out of it too. 

I'm not blowing myself here either. I was benching 225 and leg pressing 1000 in senior year during my weight lifting elective. 




 Chance to go to Rollins for free....

Would. 




 You think that was a personal attack? 

I'm genuinely curious, because you clearly aren't understanding what's being said. 




 Is English your second language or some shit? 

Because you clearly have no idea what is going on here. 




 Oh Jesus. "The look what she was wearing" argument is blaming a woman for being raped because of what she was wearing akin to your statement that posting a picture of yourself on the internet is inviting creepers. 

Creepers creep because they want to, not because they are invited. 

You really need to calm the fuck down.  




 99% of US presidents is impossible unless you are counting Obama's white half.  




 Well, he *IS* from fucking Deland. 




 Is this one of those wear clothes for the job you want kinda thing? 




 So did I. 




 Take the deal unless its a known aggressive forward settler. Zulus/ Shoshone/ That asshole atilla/ etc. 




 I was hoping someone would have just superimposed that notification on this image. 




 I know. I just don't care. 




 Jesus Christ Napoleon, calm the fuck up. 




 Fit = attractive. 

I freaking love tall - fit women.  




 Fit = attractive. 

I freaking love tall - fit women.  




 Bring back pork barrel spending. Quid pro quo actually can help get shit through.  




 I've seen this on mine too. Even well before uranium is revealed on the map.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvo3O2k2le4 




 Might sound stupid but have you restarted your computer? 

Alternatively, you can always mute the in game music. 




 My parents and siblings are all screwed up too. Its not good.  




 It doesn't say anywhere in the article that she was married or cheating. 

So where did you get that from? I mean, who would just go on the internet and lie? 




 It was more about the parent's decision process.  




 Can't take kid to hospital. Can afford to go out to eat. 

Something fucky is going on here.  




 For me, its those little moments of just being free while driving around at night. Or being bundled up on the couch when its raining outside. 

The stupid simple shit is what I live for because I know I can't change the big stuff. I'll never be able to stop wars or even get people to not drive like asshats. 

I'll probably never have children or a real family because I'm so fucked, but that's OK. Its not something I can truly control. 




 Crazy shit happens in florida. 




 I'm just curious. 

It does seem like units from a previous era cost more (the same as current era units.) 

Like a Gatling gun costs the same per turn as a machine gun. 




 Clearly there is no point in arguing with you, as any rational thought is lost on you. 

Good luck, don't have kids. 




 I think you skipped over the seek professional help bit. 

And yes, I do know what's up. 




 'Maybe' make some? You must have some decent level of tourism in order to compete. 

Great works add to your culture output. 




 Really? Why? 




 Yes, I know, joke and all that... 

**If you or someone you care about has felt or expressed thoughts of self harm please seek professional help or call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1-800-273-8255** 




 Work out, notice the gym girls are really hot. Get the gym girls to put my weights back because watching hot gym girls lift weights is nice.

I mean, c'mon, someone is going to do this eventually. 

I'd rather fine an asshole. $10 more a month EACH time you don't rerack. 

They either pay, or the asshole leaves.  




 Is it xp farming or something? 









 I'm on windows home premium and the snipping tool won't do it. 


Idk. I'm not sober enough to deal with this. 


TL;DR shit is shitty. 




 OK, so I just tried it in Photoshop CS5 and Windows Paint.  

Both times I got just a dark gray canvas. My settings are all the way down because that is the only way I can run civ. Do you think that matters or am I doing some thing wrong? 

EDIT: I really do have the city settled as described, and I don't want a bullshitter label. I just don't know how to screenshot without having a steam account.

I hit the print screen tab on my comp when I'm in civanf then I hitalt+tab and go to paint or an opened up Photoshop.  




 What difficulty level do you play? 




 Is there a hotkey for that of what? 

I'm just not sure entirely sure with my HP. 




 Within the three tile range is as follows; 

3 silk
2 salt
1 citrus
1 mountain within 2 of a city
1 banana
1 Deer
Lake Victoria
3 Horses
A metric fuckton of forest and jungle
On a river
And a partrige in a pear tree.

I really wish I could show you a screenshot but I'm not on steam and the graphics settings are at a minimum. 




 Typical /u/pennsyltucky 




 How are you doing? I hope you're well. 

What do you like to drink? I'm generally a bourbon kinda guy, slow words, quick mind kinda dude. 

How's your Sunday night/Monday morning going? 




 I generally only build units when I've been dow'd. Then I just sit back and let the waves of bodies fall at the base of my walls. 




 When I was playing as warlord, I would go america and just build a massive navy. The ai could never get that shit right.  




 I have never played as Monty.

I might need to after a while. 




 Stepping up difficulty and going outside my normal route via dom only.

English range after industrial is op. Currently rerolling to get costal. I normally go culture or science.  




 They have reddit in hell?  




 Nonsense, you are two. 

Sexy as fuck and whatever else the other one is. 




 On the real though, if you were a nearby, available and willing chick... 




 Do you see my username? 

Do you really think punishment is a bad thing? 




 So you're saying I shouldn't vote for you? 




 The fact that I can imagine these things in great detail and not be weirder out is probably a bad thing right? 




 I personally stay as neutral as possible. DoF with anyone who isn't at war with someone and let the shit hit when ideologies come around. 

Generally though, I even stay friends with people who have a different ideology.  




 What is the main reason you declare war? A certain technology discovered? Religion conversion? Forward settling? GPT? 

EDIT: I wish there was a "Go funk yourself" option to responding to trade offers. 




 It would be a hell of a lot quicker.

I'd take a continuous stream of rock salt before spiders. 




 Babylon- Order- Making like 15 gpt because that fucking french asshat is just swamping me with shitty units and there aren't any good trade routes. 




 I'm going to go out on a limb and say there probably isn't any damn uranium either. 

Also, fuck autocratic napoleon neighbor. 




 My current game had HG goon turn 37. 

Currently processing the paperwork on Shenanigans. 




 And you could incorporate diplomacy in there with a spy maybe being able to report the plot. 




 Brazil + sacred path + order = "Do you like brazilpop and blue jeans? Because that's how you get brazilpop and blue jeans." 




 Hiawassee/ Kirkman/ Conroy/ Old Winter Park Rd. 15 minutes west and south of Downtown. 




 You sound like my dad, I was really hoping for more. 




 Would actually like to see a domination only ai only ghandi only increased uranium game. 




 Darude - Sandstorm

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HQaBWziYvY

Because it's in Egypt. 




 One time I asked a girl to dance and she acted like I wasn't even there, and I only avoided asking people to dance for a whole month. 




 It'd be nice... 




 I don't think you'd enjoy that. 




 I know it's kind of hard to hear when you're up on your high horse, but I think you'd be better able to understand if you came down for like a minute. 




 Boom. 




 I was mostly going with Nazi is generally referred to as being German, so I was more or less asking what the Portuguese fascist party equivalent would be. Because of your flair. 




 It seems like the late 20's early 30's had sweeping fascism across Europe.  




 What's the Portuguese version of a Grammar Nazi? 




 Well, you go from writing the date a lot in 2012 to not writing the date a lot ever since. Like they finished school or changed over to a digital timesheet. 




 What are you on about? 




 The more influential you are over a civ with a different ideology, the less happy they are due to your influence.  




 If you have enough influence over them then a city can flip over to your control via a revolt. 




 US bombs UK. 

Australia is like wtf m8? 




 I dunno, I don't really want to have to deal with sjw nuts freaking out about slavery and whatnot for a game I really enjoy. 




 I'd like to see revolution like a civil war. Your cities can break off into another civ. Same UU UA and UB but with a Revolutionary Leader. 

I think that would be pretty damn cool. Flex number of empires would be a nice feature in general. Oh, this is a peaceful game and everyone is basically trying for a culture victory? Well, here's Attila or some other war civ. 




 I would make the supply line separate from the traditional trade route in that it doesn't really provide gpt for either. Maybe +1-2 for the owner. 

And I like the idea of supply lines because it allows for the FOBs.  




 So I've seen some good ideas to make war a bit more realistic, and it seems that most revolve around units. I have a few ideas that might change the mechanics of war.

Supply lines. Acts like a trade route to friendly cities that boosts military unit production and maybe city defenses. You could prop a city state to defend itself against another civ or a frontier city. 

Forward operating base. Much like a citadel without the adjacent damage, grants 75% defensive bonus and can be removed. If a supply line is attached it allows you to upgrade adjacent units you control for 33% more gold cost.


Unhappiness. For every 5 military units destroyed or captured in foreign lands unhappiness increases by 1. For every 5 enemy military units captured or destroyed in your land happiness increases by 1. The difference is reduced by one per turn after a peace treaty is signed.  




 You could say I learned less that day than if she'd left me alone. 




 Not familiar with the risky click of the day bit are you? 




 Oh man that glasses bit. I'm nearsighted and have glasses for it. In third grade we were reading out of the textbook, to ourselves and I took my glasses off to read. I could read just fine without them. 

However my teacher, who had something against my family, demanded that I put my glasses back on and would not let me reply that I didn't need them to read. 

I've hated that bitch and women who interrupt my sentences ever since. 




 HP pavilion g7 1.8 Intel quad 4gig ram and 256 video. 

Its not ideal. 




 So is that what the farms and river look like when you can turn the graphics all the way up? 




 Comes with some sort of 'awake' promotion. 




 "Do you even know what "in context" means?"

No, I have no idea at all. 

" I did not grow up in the top 5 percent, although I'm there now for income but not wealth." 

You need to check your privilege. 




 Holy fuck, you are a goddamn moron. Use of examples, you stupid shit, are not the whole but part. 

I have been saying, if you weren't to goddamned retarded to understand, that the top 5% of worldwide equates to like the top half of the US. So the implication that his family was super rich, WHEN HELD IN CONTEXT OF THE FUCKING COMMENT, is not as impressive as you claim it to be, you spineless, over-educated, under a stimulated twat. 




 I'm not discounting that compared to sub-saharan Africa or Amazonian Peru that's impressive, but when you put it in the US, not exactly fantastical. 




 Yes? 




 I always looked at it like this. You have X capacity to deal with crap. So you stuff the important things in and kind of ignore the rest. 

When you don't have to worry about eating, paying bills on time, or if you'll go broke because you have to go to the er to get anti-biotics, then you fill the tank with things that may seem trivial to many. 

Not to mention, if you manage to be worry-free, everyone fucking hates you because why can't I be rich and happy like that asshole. 




  It's crazy his highest passer rating came in 2009 at ~~40~~ 70 years old.

 




 My first comment was 'its not that impressive' and then you get all moral high ground on me, and when I clarify, you think I'm pissed off. 

Is there something bothering you, having a rough day, what?  




 No shit dude, but in the context of your comment, not a big deal. 




 You do realize that top 5% isn't really that impressive. If that were people based he could be the 300 millionth richest person on the planet. That's middle class-ish. 

If you figure the average family is 2 adults, 2.2 kids you have 7 billion/4.2 you get 1 billion 666 million families. Top 5% families is 83.3 million families world-wide. 

Not really that impressive.  




 Florida Man: replaces Rifleman has Heatstroke promotion, 25% chance of damaging friendly unit in next tile Or 25% chance of increased damage to target.  




 "not much" "25 lb vacuum" 

Wat. 




 Edited post.

Should say accept refuse on the bottom if that was their real offer. 




 They really did set the bar on best cast/worst movie. 




 So it's Mars Attacks! all over again? 




 More Nguyens than NFC South this year. 




 You know that isn't how it works right? 




 C'mon dude, women don't drive black cars, they drive pink ones. 




 The nature of crazy fuckers is to find ANY reason. If it wasn't a cartoon, it would have been something else.  




 Drawings of Mohammed don't cause terrorist attacks, crazy fuckers who can't figure out that you aren't supposed to be a dick cause terror attacks. 




 Guys at NASA, "Dude, we totally need some high-speed cameras. (to fuck around with)" 




 That pump would have to create some really serious vacuum for this to happen.  




