 I'm the same way right now.... I use my zoom lens as a series of primes (instead of "zooming" in the normal sense) and 99% of what I shoot is either at the 35mm or 50mm FF equivalents (23/35 on my Fuji). From what I've read online people say you are either a 35 or a 50 shooter... but I'm really both.

I recently got rid of my X100 and bought a 27mm pancake lens which comes out to about 40.5mm in full frame terms. I think that might be about perfect for me.  




 Yeah, ten bucks says you're one of the irresponsible dog owners I'm talking about. Thanks though  




 When I had a Canon 7D, my go-to prime was the Sigma 30mm 1.4. That came out to about a 48mm field of view with the 1.6 crop. It was always on my camera. 

After having an X100 for about a year I decided to go full mirrorless and sold off all my Canon equipment for a Fuji XT-1, 18-55 zoom and the 35 1.4 (52.5mm with the crop). For some reason that 5mm difference is throwing me off. The 35 seems kind of tight a lot of the time compared to the Canon and Sigma 30, but I'm not sure if it's just from using the X100. The X100 felt too wide for me in the beginning so I didn't use it much when I first got it. Maybe my preference has changed as I adjusted to that focal length?

I have an old manual focus 50mm for when I need some extra reach/depth of field,so I'm wondering if I should even keep the 35 at this point. I don't want to be gearhead that constantly buys and sells things, but I also don't like having expensive lenses around that I don't use. 

Just curious if this has happened to anyone else. I really thought given how much I loved the 30 on my Canon, that the 35 on the Fuji would be similar. I just find myself not using it much.  




 Dumbest thing I've read today. Congrats.  




 $200. I keep my house on 62-63 when I'm awake, mid-50s when I'm asleep and used a space heater in my bedroom upstairs.

House is about 1450 square feet and built in 1948.

 




 I'm not sure why but it put my list in a huge bold font. Sorry about that. 




 After my dog got attacked last year I now carry varying degrees of protection.

1. - air horn. This is used by Petsmart in their classes to break up dog fights. It's LOUD.

2 - citronella spray. You can use pepper spray but there's a good chance it will blow back on you, unless it's foam. 

3 - old school police baton/walking stick. So I can beat the shit out of something if necessary. I had a cheap stun baton, but it broke. I liked it though, I think the sound is enough to scare the hell out of most dogs or any other animal or person.

4 - tactical knife just in case none of the above work.

A tad overboard probably - but watching my dog get taken down by two 150-pound aggressive Great Danes is not something I ever want to witness again, much less be helpless in dealing with. 

Just a thought, if you frequent dog parks it's not a bad idea to at least have #1 or #2. 




 Totally feel you here. Mine is the same way. 

Similarly, I do NOT understand why people let their children run up to my dog. My dog LOVES children and is great with them. However... the parents have no way of knowing that. Just blows my mind. I don't have kids but I would imagine if I did, I would ask some questions before letting my kid run up in some dog's face. 




 Thanks. It's really frustrating. She was great with other dogs at first but after years of issues with off leash dogs it's just too stressful for me to go to parks here in Richmond.  




 This is so stupid. I don't have kids and you know how I found out who my friends were? When something terrible happened. The worst ones are parents. They don't have time to help out a friend going through something awful because they're a parent. Yet they have no problem calling ME up when some shit goes down. After all, I have nothing else going on. /eyeroll 




 Dog parks are just horrible and a bad idea. I took my dog to one when I first got her, and quickly stopped. Sadly most dog owners are woefully ignorant about dog behavior, dominance displays, warning signs of a fight starting, etc and I don't even trust most people to control their dog when it's on a leash, much less off-leash in a dog park.

Besides, who needs an actual dog park when you can just take your dog to Bryan Park and let them off-leash to wreak havoc? Sore point with me. My dog is not good with other dogs due to being attacked several times by off-leash dogs over the years. Last year she got attacked REALLY bad. Wish I could take her out to a nice park to walk her... but I can't, because of assholes who have no respect for other people.
 




 I'm fairly certain that I read that very thing on here the other day by the way - where an actual dad said that to someone here. And I didn't say all men. But carry on.  




 Can't get through a day without offending somebody. Good grief.  




 I feel like "someday" is some magical time in the future that may never actually come. Maybe "someday" actually means "fence sitter who doesn't want to make decision." 




 I have in my profile that kids are not a goal for me and that if you want them 100% then you need to keep moving on. Also I have, that means that I don't want to date men who already have children.

I barely even look at the site anymore but it never fails when I do, I'm inundated with messages from single dads who want a childless, baggage-free woman.. And guys with no kids who "are childfree now but want them someday."

I'm glad I don't take this seriously but I guess I must in some way because this kinda stuff annoys the hell out of me. The "someday" people actually annoy me more than the single dads. I get it, they have kids and don't want any more. But what the hell is up with these "someday" people? 

I always thought men didn't really want kids but it was just like the price of marriage for them. They did it to make their wives happy not because they truly want them. Yet there seem to be a lot of guys who truly want them... "Someday." 




 I always seem to get depressed around my birthday - even back when I was a kid. It's coming up at the end of the month and I'm already feeling down, starting to withdraw, and don't want to deal with people. Of course the more I isolate myself, the worse I feel.

I wonder sometimes if this could be a conditioned response at this point (I'm in my early 30s). Or if somehow the time change and warmer weather could be involved? I so look forward to both of those, and yet find myself down when they arrive.

Or, are birthdays just depressing for some reason? 




 Somebody got a new fisheye lens. 




 Yeah, sounds like a completely different scenario 




 That's why I'm using the term here, and not to her face or my family.

I've seen kids called worse on this sub for nothing other than existing and being a child, even a nice child. 




 I think I'm going to share this on Facebook and see if my sister responds (I posted about my niece yesterday on here).  









 I just ignore her. It isn't worth the drama. Just needed to vent about it to people who understand! 




 My grandmother tells me all the time not to have children. It's hilarious. She is 100% behind my choice and said if she grew up in a different time, she would NEVER have had kids. 




 I have two nieces. The oldest is quiet, pretty chill. The youngest... to be honest I can't stand this kid.

From the time she could talk, she was the diva child. Loved pink, wanted to dress like Disney Princesses, loved having her hair and nails done, etc. That's all fine and good, but she also had an attitude to go with it. Sassy and mouthy and arrogant. 

Everyone in my family thought it was cute and encouraged it from day one.  Well, she's 9 now, and that attitude ain't cute. Never was to me, but now it's even more annoying. I don't see her but once a year since I'm not local, and even though she's my niece... I get sick of her after about five minutes. She never shuts up, and it's all about HERSELF.

 My sister gave her an old iPhone, so she can send iMessages to people. Randomly I get these selfies of her, and in all of them she has this smug, self-absorbed smirk that is the ugliest thing I've ever seen. Then she'll ask me "Don't I look pretty" and stuff like that. She's going to turn out to be a teenager and probably adult woman who looks to men for self-esteem and reassurance. She already talks now about how she's going to marry rich, and how she can do that because she's so beautiful. All she cares about and talks about is how she looks and how much better she is than everyone else.

The crazy thing is, she's a cute girl, but nowhere near as gorgeous as she thinks she is. So I don't get where this all comes from. Not to mention the arrogant attitude is ugly as hell, and she's NINE! Who the hell is this... Honey Boo Boo?

This all culminated yesterday in a text from her actually making fun of how I looked when I was a teenager. I guess they were all going through old photos, and she was texting me awful photos of me in my awkward, fat, teen years. I could really care less about that part of it, but the photos were accompanied by bitchy comments like "Hahahaha look how bad you looked" and "I'll never look like that because I'm beautiful." Good lord, get OVER yourself kid. She's 9, and pulling the mean girl act on her own aunt - what is that about? I've never been a person to call children hateful names just because they are children... but this girl is a BITCH!

It's not just me who thinks this either. My sister gave my grandmother a calendar that has a picture of the girls for each month. The other day out of nowhere - no prompting from me - my grandmother was like, "I just can't believe that youngest. Such an attitude, she thinks she is really something. They need to get that girl under control." Yep! She also made a remark about that smug smirk the girl always has on her face - apparently it was really bad in the February photo, because my grandmother said, "I was so happy to turn the calendar over to March. I couldn't stand to look at that face anymore." HA!

tl;dr My niece is 9 and I feel horrible for thinking it, but I don't like her and she's a total bitch. 




 I didn't realize she was a realtor. I read her book "Snake Hips" and her blog many many years ago, long before I lived in Richmond. Wish I had known that when I was looking last year! 




 I love dogs and that dog deserves WAY better than that.  




 It's hard to make friends in an area when you are spending your weekends in another area/with your boyfriend. I speak from experience. 

 




 6 inches! Shut it down!!! The roads all melted and look fine to me but schools are closed tomorrow too already. Enjoy it, parents.  




 I'm in Richmond.  




