




 Not a FTB pack but I believe the Attack of the B-Team modpack is an evil scientist based pack. Maybe you can take a look at the mods on that list too. I am on mobile, otherwise I would provide you a link straight away 




 Something I really like over at r/mindcrack is that when someone is having their birthday later that week or the week after, they have a contest to design a banner for the subreddit and the winner gets a custom flair. :) Everyone can join these. Or maybe you can think of something similar. 




 Guude seems very busy with a lot of other series at the moment. He just started a few new series of other things so my guess is no. 




 And I'm sure it also always will be :) 




 Yet the French did a great job ending this terrible sequence of shootings and hostages. Things have finally come to an end now. 




 Infinity bow 




 Cactus anyone? 




 I hope he does, I miss his perspectives. 




 Pause doing some epic red shell dodging in the 3rd race! 




 I think it mainly was because there were 20 people on the server, all spread out loading chunks. Near the end, a few episodes before the finale, there were still quite some people but they were together mostly so the lag was lower. 




 I understand :) It is still quite impressive because you did this all in survival. My comment may have sounded a little harsh but I don't mean it that way. I was a little disappointed because I still did not see the finished build. 




 I don't know if ethereal blooms work here or just against taint. 




 I don't understand these kind of posts. First you show a plains biome where you're gonna build. Sure, but I don't really care where you build it, I wanna see the build! Then some pictures of while you were still building, and I like the materials you used. And then at last I still haven't seen the full build. Fly around, take a few screenshots of the finished build! Is this just me? 




 I had never heard of it. I made my first archmage's blood orb yesterday, was pretty exciting already :P Still fairly new to Blood Magic 




 Yes think so too. And they are all renewable :) Even lapis, through villager trading 




 I can recommend watching the Beecademy videos :) 




 T6? 




 No. Green dye is cactus green, brown dye is cocoa beans 




 Same for brown. You'd need cocoa beans. 




 I always love your art. Great work again! :D 




 You can maybe also watch nodded Minecraft let's plays together? That way she'll learn too and maybe get an idea of what she wants to do, and you can help her reach her goal. 




 What a cutie! :D Razzie is in good hands! 




 I understood "bae" when he showed the doll, but that's it. 




 Teach me! Every time I try to do homework and watch a video at the same time, I end up watching the video 




 Man this sounds like my dad. 




 You don't have to watch each and every single video put out by the Mindcrackers, that's impossible. Pick a few series/Mindcrackers you like and watch those :) Or pick a Mindcracker you don't know much about and try to watch one of their series? 




 Heh, sorry :) I had the normal one for a while but I accidentally took another flair on this account.. Really glad I got the picture back at least :P It's my 2014 mindcrack moment. 




 Its over at /r/mindcrack too :) I like it 




 I got the rare version of your flair :) 




 I think they have added everything they could come up with to 1.8, the bountiful update. They are out of features for the moment, probably working on new ones as we speak but we don't know yet? 




 What's wrong with it? 




 Make a deconstruction table. This breaks down items to their primal aspects and there is a chance of getting a research aspect each time. I recommend using wool or crafting tables, you'll see why.

Another thing you can do is to place bookshelves around your research table. This gives aspects in your research table a shiny thingy, which means you have one extra. So this does not generate infinite research points but it is really helpful. It gets back after some time and is useful if you're one short for completing a research in the table. :) 




 Yeah, although Chad did a great job too that day! Somehow he went to teams on the right moment :) 




 I rewatched #FTK UHC tonight and I enjoyed it as much as the first time. This whole rampage by Anderz and CaptainSparklez, damn! 




 I'm watching less and less series :( I watch vanilla episodes from Chad and Beef every now and then but not all of them, I watch Millbee's MK8 Road to 10,000 every now and then, I watch Gmod Prop Hunt and the group MK8 videos.. Used to watch way more series. Generik has some great series going at the moment, from what I've heard. I have yet to figure out :) 




 In a teams UHC though. Together with one or two of the Mario Matters, this could become hilarious 




 Oh my god, this one's amazing! XD 









 I think I read it on either one's Twitter. Would have to check later, it's 3am now so I'm off to bed. Happy new year ;) 




 No, the pack you're talking about is still WIP 




 Just a few hours left, leaving home for the night so happy new year to all! See you in 2015! 




 I think this is because /u/nWW just used the order of the comments in each nomination thread as answers to the poll, and the top nominations (which were upvoted the most) would logically get more votes on the polls too 




 True! :D Yay! 




 I love how sometimes half of our server instantly quit the game for about 10 minutes when the chat message would pop up. Mostly new people though but was fun to watch. "Nope!" *username left the game* 




 What if Nether regeneration was turned off... 




 No idea, but I believe there's still quite a lot of people around here with the original flair. At least.. at /r/mindcracktrade in the sidebar, #forthehorse is green, indicating 150 people have the flair. Don't know since when the last update to that sidebar was though. 




 Did you also watch Millbee's MK8 series in where he wants to get 10,000 player points? I really like that series. 




 First Christmas with my boyfriend since we both moved out of our parents' houses. Yesterday was great, brunch with my family, today we're with just the two of us (although he's now in bed with a fever and a headache) and tomorrow we're seeing his parents :)

Also, I'm really happy to be having my #forthehorse flair again! :D 




 The hive is also fun, I really like block party 




 Not being signed in on the trade site cost me a Team Shreeyam flair last night.. 




 Yeah this one went really fast 




 Wouldn't be that hard, if you still can't find people, go to 0,0. I like the idea though ;) and baj couldn't find people this season so who knows how long it would take 




 You should take a look at r/feedthebeastservers 




 I don't remember where but earlier today he's just back because of all the UHC comments from last night, with half of the subreddit being nice and the other half maybe less nice. He was the only mod awake in a certain timeframe so he helped out. As soon as the UHC reactions are calmed down again, he'll be gone again.

edit: yeah see /u/gil2455526's comment below 




 You have to click the twitter icon over at the /r/mindcrack sidebar. That links you to another hyperlink (instead of his twitter) which will lead you to the trade. The answer can always be found on /r/mindcrack, you don't have to go to another website. 




 Yay I got one! Pause's twitter 




 Was just too late for this one :( I found the icon but in the few seconds it took to load the page, the trade was already completed.. brb in 1 hour!

edit: got it!! 




 Yeah Doc's Twitch icon but I was too late already I think 




 Op meant uhc as a whole 




 Don't you mean Christmas Day 2013 for season 4's videos? 




 Go aqua! 




 Hehe, alright! Lol. It's a nice cap indeed :D 




 I can't help but ask myself if he put on the Mindcrack T-shirt and Docm77 cap for just this video or whether he wears this more often :P Sorry Doc xD Happy holidays to you too!! 




 Generik's S4 Mansion (that's 2014 right?) 




 Probably someone from Aqua gets killed in the Nether trap to see if they can get there :( After that Aqua will ask purple to come out to end this season with a fight. Aqua wins. 




 Yeah, it's what I do too. I've been running around my survival world with a stack of BLT's for weeks now and I still have plenty. I used to eat quite frequently but now I know I don't really need to. 




 You're back!! :D 




 Not sure but I think Delighted Meal is the best food item. I could be wrong. IIRC it heals 8 hunger bar thingies. 




 Team PWN, UHC S18 




 This is the first time I hear this and I have tears running down my face from laughter xD 




 I go with /u/warrantica's [banner](http://i.imgur.com/tayQXrz.png) (picked from /u/brighteyes890's post) 




 Ooh, as soon as I have finished what I have to do today, I'm gonna make work of this. Hope I can find things back though. 




 Next season should be season 20. 




 I hope they just step out of the nether and face team aqua instead of luring team aqua into the nether. Btc already regened to full health again, so did vechs. I hope Wednesday is the finale. 




 Make potions with what? They still don't have nether wart. There's not much left for them to do there.  




 You can probably do that with a strawpoll or something like that.

edit: Whoops saw JaxThePillow's comment right after I hit submit -_- 




 Yeah nWW just told me 




 Do you know the name of that flower? o.o 




 Oh, I totally missed that :( Sorry! 




 Brighteyes came back very soon though 




 The videos when doc was complaining about that IKEA delivery were hilarious. He ordered one shelf IIRC but got a complete kitchen delivered at his doorstep. I'm on my phone now so I don't have a link on me but it's from season 5 




 [Seriously?](http://i.gyazo.com/89e8b5dd96953a33a97e9c4446e8b96c.png) 




 I think I missed the tweet. What did it say?

Edit: found it, never mind. Been away for a few days 




 Holidaaaaays yaaaaay 




 Which is completely reasonable if you ask me. 




 Yeah for some reason I can't reach Twitter here. Someone blocked it once and I keep getting an SSL connection error, would be nice if I could still read the tweets :( 




 Doc and Mhykol both have 4 golden apples. Also, Millbee and Avidya carry one IIRC. But I see you're still at 80min mark? 




 I believe Avidya, Anderz and Millbee all carry 3 healing potions, not 3 potions in total. 




 Ah alright. I didn't know if there maybe was another village on the map that no one found yet. Also I'm a big dummie, I completely missed the part where Seth went right with his staircase as MC went left so they would go parallel and not out of Mumble range. I think it was MC's nametag I could see. 




  the Village

You mean the desert village Seth and MC visit too? I thought I could see a tiny nameplate in the distance in Seth's video but I didn't hear anyone. Will watch again and maybe edit for timestamp.. Also will watch Doc now. Brb.

edit: turned out to be MC's nametag. I somehow missed the part where they both took a turn in their staircase so they would dig parallel and not go out of Mumble range. [Here's](http://youtu.be/pdjH7Nba3-I?t=16m7s) a timestamp for anyone who's still interested, Seth looks at it two times but I'm pretty sure it's MC. 




 I really hope team Aqua meets up some more. I wanna see their reaction when they find out there are healing potions for everyone etcetera. Aqua is quite strong right now, even though Millbee/Anderz/Avidya all don't have a bow, but when team Aqua fully merges... How amazing would it be if they all meet up and kill Light Purple one by one :D 




 That creeper man! Could've been it! 




 Sethbling ninja'd that creeper. Oh my heart... 




 Alright, awesome. Then moving and/or rebuilding the portal really is his best option, considering he doesn't know the current portal in the overworld is broken. 




 I'm sorry this is 100% unrelated, but where has /u/tweetposter gone actually? 




 Germany rocking the charts lol. Doc seems to be doing ok :) 




 That would be very hard. It's in a cave and the Nether mumble range is quite big in the overworld. He could say he's at the portal but in the overworld, they'd have to scan quite a big area. Would be awesome if this works though! 




 Or just three diamonds to break down the original portal he just trapped. Does he actually still have flint and steel? I thought Jsano had it... 




 Would be amazing. 




 I thought they had multiple persons typing out the episode marks in case one of them would be in a fight, what happened to that? I know Guude typed them out too and he died pretty early, but don't they have any extra people who are willing to do that, in case Seth is in a fight at that moment? Chances are small, but anything can happen in UHC... 




 I never thought of this, it is possible. If the teammates have the tools to create a portal that is not close to the original one, it might be possible it generates a second, safe nether portal and they could give Vechs their Nether coords. Oh man :D 




 I hope he manages to do this. Finding three diamonds and moving the portal, that is. 




