 I concede the point. 

That's not to say that feminism doesn't help men. If my wife/girlfriend/sister/daughter makes less money than me for doing the same work, our household suffers. But I will absolutely agree that radical sexists have co-opted the feminist brand, so much so that the incorrect argument that feminism obviates men's rights activism might be the inherent, systemic problem you describe. 

If AARP started protesting NAACP, they would be wrong. But whose responsibility is it to set it right? Should I stop calling myself a feminist? Should I concede the movement to sexists? 

A sick institution is an institution that needs its best people most. I choose to stay, to be one such person. 

Perhaps you will, too. 









 I, too, applaud you for rational discourse.

But I will argue against you on a few points. This woman is using the points made by a few stupid people to argue against completely unrelated ideas. Should the fact that feminazis exist preclude the argument that there is a broader legal battle over a woman's right to choose her own surgeries? That would be like saying that because misogyny exists we should disregard addressing men-dying-in-the-workplace issues.

You are totally right: men dying in the workplace is a gendered issue that deserves an immediate, organized response. Let me be the feminist that agrees with you that women have it nice in a lot of ways. Why must a feminist organization also be a men's rights organization? Simply because both causes are right does not mean all political movements must address them simultaneously. The NAACP is a generally good organization that supports good causes. Its contemporary, the AARP, is a generally good organization that supports good causes. Both movements exists to actuate different political agendas even though they stem from the same philosophy: equality under the law.

Not that I support your ousting of the FMLA. It would benefit the feminist image greatly if we could make public gestures of good faith toward men, rather than creating political enemies at the expense of our most important agendas: equality under the law and a major cultural attitude shift toward women.

But to your point that feminism encourages feminazis: I must vehemently disagree. Feminist organizations might attract feminazis, but do they create them? Do men's rights groups necessarily create misognynists?

As a man who recently suffered a major, life-changing electrical workplace accident while working in lighting and grip on set, I know we have some common ground: equality, legal fairness, justice. Perhaps instead of trying to change each other's respective movements, we can simply both join each other's proverbial NAACP and AARP. 

OP is not on your side; instead, she is against us both. OP's anti-feminist rationale can be turned into anti-men's rights rhetoric. "Pro-women" does not have to mean "demonize men," in the same way that "pro-men" does not have to demonize women. I am "an adult who is capable of taking responsibility for my own actions." That does not mean I don't need people like you to fight for my rights in the workplace. 

We have a common enemy: ignorance, and though we might disagree on the best way to combat it, let's not be seduced by hate or buy into the rhetoric that we must be diametrically opposed.  




 I am a male feminist. The female feminists I know give me great respect for the contributions/sacrifices I've made. In fact, it is in the name of those male feminists who worked so hard to give this privileged woman the rights she enjoys (e.g. the vote) that we object. Do you think that Parker Pillsbury would say we don't need feminism anymore because he wasn't getting the credit he deserves? 




 Also, let's not forget the more difficult objective of feminism: changing the cultural attitudes of society. 

I didn't really go into what a huge sexist my mom's boss was. He believed women were essentially non-humans, existing solely for his own purposes. His marriage was definitely not a partnership, more like a master-slave relationship. She was basically his baby maker. He had no respect for women and he treated his female workers with disdain and hate.

The guy is barely pushing 45. It doesn't make sense that he should be so sexist. It's not like he grew up in a society where women were second class citizens. But for some reason he still finds it okay to treat women in a way he would never treat a man. Feminism can't just create a society where everybody thinks sexism is wrong. It must immunize the organized system of recourse so that when sexism does return, it can be stopped immediately.


But back to my original point about cultural attitudes. This seems to be the front where feminism is losing the most ground, mostly due to a few fringe crazies who have co-opted the word. The most powerful weapon against sexism is the feminist him/herself. It's hard to be a sexist when your best friends hate you for being such a bastard. Feminism's real goal is not to make it illegal for my sister to make less money than me for the same job; rather, it is to create a world where nobody would even think to pay her less.

Feminism is not just about punishing people like my mom's boss. It's about stopping him from becoming the monster he became in the first place. 




 Egalitarianism isn't a movement. Martin Luther King, Jr, didn't lead the egalitarianism movement; rather, he was a leader in the black civil rights movement.

What if I put it like this? "God exists" is a belief or philosophy. Catholicism is a movement, an organized, politically motivated group of people who are trying to actuate an agenda in the world, and they usually agree on things like "we should help the poor." That doesn't mean that all Catholics just discard Catholicism and become (idk religionists?) just because some Catholics went off the fucking deep end.

In the same way, egalitarianism is a belief or philosophy: we ought to treat everyone fairly under the law. Feminism is a movement, an organized, politically motivated group that tries to actuate a certain agenda, usually "women should be treated equally under the law." That doesn't mean that some feminists don't go off the fucking deep end, but it doesn't mean that I should stop being a feminist. 




 Because in any other context (e.g. business, the executive branch, or legislative branch) she would be protected under the title 9 discrimination and whistle blower laws. 

Listen, I hear you, bud. There's no better way to get somebody to listen up than to scream "discrimination." We both agree that discrimination is bad; therefore, regardless of whether you think my mom was discriminated against, if we can agree that as a matter of the law, in the judiciary, there are no protections for discrimination under title 9, then we can both agree that there is a problem. 




 My sister has diabetes type 1. She really really really needs this. Can't wait until its available. 




 Who did your sound and does he/she want to work on a pilot? 




 Sure. In fact, you can already get Viagra under your employer's insurance.  




 Not true, mate. Feminism is helping my little sister get paid the same as me for the same job done. That's modern feminism and equality. 
 




 For now. In some states it takes hours in any direction to get to the facilities for an abortion. And we still seem to have difficulty accepting birth control as a healthcare issue that ought to be covered under an employer's insurance. 




 This sort of argument works in a vacuum but fails in real life. 

How is one person supposed to stop discriminatory pay? That's clearly a job for (and is already mandated by) government and its laws. How is my sister supposed to "take responsibility" for making less money than I do for the same job? That's an unjust society problem that requires a society dedicated to fixing it. 




 #4. Why should feminists be defined by their worst? Is the face of white people the KKK? This is little more than a straw man argument by punning on the word feminism. Do some fringe crazies define themselves as feminists? Sure. But is that really what an informed argument about a complex trend in American politics should be based on? Of course not. Is that even what the girl in the picture is arguing? Clearly not. 


Unless you want to argue that feminism necessarily creates Feminazis, it's time for the straw man of "this crazy person said something sexist so I'm no longer a feminist" to go away.  




 Fair enough. But let's not use ambiguities and subtle differences in ideology among members to pun on the word feminist as that would do nothing but obfuscate the central arguments. Not all feminists support tax benefits for women on maternity leave. But we can agree that pretty much all feminists can rally against unequal, discriminatory pay.



I bring up the difference not to split hairs, but to clarify the argument made in the picture. This woman is clearly not just against the crazy Nazi feminists. The "war" she describes is likely a reference to the shifting legal landscape over a woman's right to choose which surgeries she may or may not have, how her healthcare is paid for, etc. 



The lady in this picture is spreading ignorance. Feminism doesn't demonize men; it demonizes an unjust system. Feminists do take responsibility for their actions and they demand that everyone be held responsible equally under the law for their actions. And if she wants to support a war on civil liberties, then she is part of that unfair system.



My mom was just discriminated against in her work. She was fired because she accidentally caught her boss banging his secretary out of wedlock. Unfortunately, in much the same way that the military is set up, the judiciary creates its own rules, independent of title seven in the civil rights act of 1964. That means that even if she could get her day in court, which she was denied, and could prove her case, which would be difficult, then the ultimate decision about what would happen to her boss would be up to the guy that hired him in the first place. 


Needless to say, my mom was denied her day in court before she was allowed to present any evidence, merely on the grounds that the judge (the guy who hired her philandering boss) refused to hear the case. 


This is why we need feminism.



So let's not pettifog over who is or is not a feminist; pretty much everybody agrees what constitutes a feminist argument, with some deviation on the fringes. 




