 The Lord demonstrating the actual size of his phallus through comparison with a mingun. 

And that's only his physical phallus,mind you! His Spiritual Phallus pierces eternity. 




 Space Engineers! That is if they're on sale. Still only ~$15 (depending on which country you're from)

Shameless plug for /r/spaceengineers 




 Same here, I replaced my noble little 560Ti with a 280x. I feel almost as if I betrayed him. :(

Didn't have the special 560,though, only a normal one. Still a good card! 




 Nice looking ship! 




 Consider your jerkle circed. 




 [Maybe.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPtUlXK56Es feature=c4-overview list=UU0BvmQ-UWDnDc9seBcSanRA) 




 Same. I was a weird and overly-enthusiastic kid when I was younger. Now I'm just empty and boring. 




 Oh,ok. Well,TIL. 
I don't have itty bitty titties because I'm a dude, but I do like 'em! Guess I'm part of the fanclub! 




 I thought we were the itty bitty titty committee? Are we just a fanclub,now? 




 Better stand down or I'll get jalapeno glasses.^^^sorry 




 I'm commenting on this post because I love free stuff! 




 Praise be to GabeN on High! Your shrine puts a smile on our Lord's sweet lips! If only my cables were so tidy, then I,too, could perchance receive His favour. 




 And also being able to group together weapons on either side of a ship, allowing for broadside shots, as opposed to every gun firing in tandem from all sides. 




 He exists beyond such concepts as 'life' and 'death'. He transcends such petty mortal constructs. 




 Seems to be the way to go, I just don't know where I'd get any besides bumming off of my mum. It's illegal here in Aus, and my mum's paranoid about revealing her dealer; I wouldn't know where to find one down where I am. 




 Damn.

Well, I guess we just got coaxed into a snafu. 




 I'll send a bouquet of flowers to your loved ones. Do you want lilies? 




 Hey,guys. I don't think a post like this goes against the rules. If so, I'll delete it.

I heard somewhere on Reddit/Facebook that smoking cannabis can aid in alleviating some symptoms of depression and so was wondering, as I'm fairly depressed,whether I should consider it as an option to help me gain back some semblance of normality.

 My mum is a daily user and has often noted that smoking gives her heightened creative motivation which resounds quite a lot with me as one of the biggest things I've come to miss is my want to write, which has pretty much been killed off due to my general apathy towards everything.

However I've also heard that marijuana can exacerbate depressive symptoms, so I'm a bit conflicted as to whether I should take up smoking or not.

What's your opinion on cannabis' effectiveness in dealing with depression? 




 Nah,man. My life's already exhausted the limited amount it had to offer me. After I experience those last few games,I'll have no reason to stay. 




 Nineteen* I'm just pretty much waiting for a few games to be released/developed further before I go through with it.

Edit: Number 19 wasn't working. 




 I'm with you,man. I've even given myself a time limit. 




 That was quite beautifully put, I feel as though I'm responding to Shelley's Monster, it reminds me of her style of writing and makes me realise how inadequate and ineloquent I actually am as a writer.

I am actually afraid to respond because I don't think I'd be able to do so with such sophistication, but you're right--I probably should have more empathy towards other people's loneliness, I do tend to forget that I'm not the only one who's hurting.

Thanks for that response,by the way. I always love seeing excellent word-smithing in action!

 




 It's like people don't want to change to NOT be forever alone.

Some of us don't have a choice. 

When people condescend me with posts about how they too are FA because they wear silly shirts and "Oh, guys, look how FA I am, I only received two text messages today!", I respond with bitterness. 




 Maybe not in all cases but in some. I'm gonna post a personal anecdote in response to this.

To preface, I'm a pretty fucking ugly guy. I was going up to attend a friend's party on the train, and because I'm relatively small and nervous around other people, I chose a seat away from most people. A group of girls and one other guy hopped on and sat maybe four or five seats ahead of me. 

I didn't look at these people, I minded my own business. It was about half-way through the trip when I heard them discussing me, about how I was 'creepy' ( mind you, I hadn't looked at them at all)and about how they'd probably kill themselves if they woke up to a face like mine. They later stuck a note on the back of my bag as I left saying 'Fuck me, I'm desperate.'

I guess the point of this post is, some women (and men) do label unattractive guys 'creepy', even if they have had not prior social contact with them. I should also note that I was dressed appropriately (no scorpion jacket or fedora, *lol people who wear fedoras are so retarded, amirite?*), and had just had a haircut that most would deem 'socially acceptable'. There was no reason beyond my face that these people would find me creepy. 

Edit: Shit at grammar. I'll never make it as a writer. 




 Look around here, do you see many photos of people? Who do you think frequents this sub usually? 

Of course a photo of a somewhat attractive woman is going to be treated differently than any other post; this entire sub is pretty much centred around the rejection and isolation of young, socially awkward men by women or other men. 

A woman posting something here is a rarity, and a picture even more so. Hell, do you see men posting pictures of themselves often here? A picture of an attractive woman here is going to blow up ten-fold, even if it is about the most asinine subject, which, at least speaking for myself, makes me feel as if it is disingenuous in nature and plays to the fact that this sub comprises mainly of lonely men. (whether I'm right or wrong). 

Whether OP knew of this or not, the negative response was not to the fact that she had no right to be FA because she was female, but to this feeling of her being a female exploiting the generally male user base to garner attention.

This is a sub, much like your own (SRS), that is a melting pot of negative emotions, and sometimes those emotions lash out against seemingly innocent people. 

OP,you probably weren't using your sex to gain attention, however the responses you received weren't because you 'aren't allowed' to be FA, as some of the SRS posters are implying, but because you posted a seemingly normal photo of yourself attached to an arbitrary subject  to a sub that rarely has anything like that occur and consists mainly of lonely males.

And to the SRS poster above me, I see no need for abuse. We get it, you hate men, but this sub already pretty much hates itself, so applying the same blanket hate on the men here as you do the rest of Reddit is a pretty lowly move. 

The last thing most of these guys need (myself included) is to be reminded of how much women hate us.  




 Not as bad as the Central Coast,cunt. 

come 2 umina bra ill beet tha shit outta u 




 I'm sorry that happened to you.

I agree looks don't hold anything towards someone's experiences/story/whatever, but they do build assumptions. You can't deny that being a female on this sub is a rarity and so any posts by one will invariably be treated either hostilely or in a desperately friendly sort of way based on the assumption (whether wrong or not) that women are the centre of our woes. Thus, even though you may not have been looking for attention, it will automatically be assumed that you are based on your gender by at least someone.

It's shitty but, again, lots of negativity around here. 




 I wouldn't say we're stuck up, we're just bitter. 

This is the only place (at least, the only I know of) that people like us can come and whinge about our sad existences, so when someone comes around that seems like they have a normal life or should have a normal life, most of the time they're met with hostility, more so if they're female. 




 I second that.

I get that it's nice to have others layer you with compliments, but coming into a sub that consists mainly of young, lonely, possibly unattractive males as a moderately attractive female, in an effort to reap the attention it will undoubtedly bring, is a bit much. 




 *heh* 




 Dude,can't you see they're 'le tr0llin' us? They're so witty,haha. 




 Cheers. 




 Ok,sweet. Thanks. 




 Shit,I'm way out of my knowledge here. You find that by using ipconfig in CMD,right? And what's an octet? 




 Repent, ye sinners, and look upon the name of thy Lord! REPENT! IS NOT HIS NAME PLASTERED UPON YOUR VERY SOUL? ARE THEE NOT TRUE GABESMEN? 




 That's the Ipv4 address,right? ( Sorry,never had to look for my I.P before) 




 Hey,man. I entered a key last night and was successful but I wasn't quick enough typing in my details, so I lost it. When I tried another key later on, I got a 404 on the page and was forbidden. Was my I.P blocked because I was too fast entering the code or something? I'm not a bot. (At least, I don't think I am.) 




 I'm beginning to think I may have spent a little too much on my build unnecessarily. I wish I had seen this post before I made a purchase.
 




 God bloody dammit. I got the code in, but it was redeemed by the time I entered my details. Now I'm blocked form the server. :/ I hate this game. 




 How?! How are they so fucking fast? Do they have robot fingers? 




 I'm not quick enough for this shit. I hate my slow-typing fingers. ;-; 




 These albatross necklaces are pretty fashionable,though. 




 I thought it was full of angry liberal SJW neckbeards? I guess what the 'majority' of Reddit consists of changes according to which sub decides to get angry. The sub deciding this time around is SRS. I wish we could just all decide on one kind of majority (which we obviously would never belong to) to hate. How about just people who have actual neckbeards?  




 He is the Master of Ruse. 




 Exactomundo.

People always waffle on about that whole 'be confident,have hobbies, go to the gym, then you too can be like us normal looking people',but that's just not the case. It sounds shitty, but physically unattractive people are pretty much fucked when it comes to achieving the same sort of satisfaction in relationships as normal/attractive people. No amount of confidence is going to make someone who dates you feel proud of who they are dating if you're ugly. You'll always be seen as inferior, and besides, even if you do end up finding someone, you're probably not going to be attracted to them, anyway. 

Everyone's shallow. 




 It's almost as if someone told Will.i.am one day that he was going to be famous overnight and then made him famous the next day. He acts like he's never really gotten used to the idea. 




 Maybe so. I would imagine there'd be a whole range of factors that contributed to how they are now, but I wouldn't rule out their interactions with women as one of them. 




 Sweet Jesus, I've never been to that subreddit before. It's like an enormous pit of confirmation bias and circlejerkery. The fact that that sub is still there, despite their apparent past doxxing, and that /r/pcmasterrace isn't confounds me. 




 What if we're the small ones? 




 What has it gotten me? absolutely nothing.

That there's the problem,mate. You're expecting something. Unfortunately,happiness isn't a guarantee and just because you 'do good things', doesn't mean you deserve women's affection. It sucks, I know. All of us wish we could receive an award for doing good shit, but it doesn't work that way. 




