 Wat 




 5 and Billy Joel. All I remember is wanting him to play downeaster alexa 




 gorgeous! 




 you put it into words, for real.  




 Can you show me your Andrew Mcmahon inspired tattoos? I love looking at them and I've seen all the ones on google :)  




 it really, really depends where you are. nobody carries guns in either of the town im from and i feel 100% safe. at college, i walk home by myself through downtown at 4am and im fine! 




 u r nuts 




 fetal 




 honestly, i love Adventureland and Zack and Miri Make a Porno. and Supertroopers.  




 for me, its like:
depression makes me not care at all
anxiety makes me care too much

i end up stuck in the middle, ricocheting between the two. it sucks.  




 hugs. ive been there. i swear on everything it gets better.  




 thanks for sharing this with me 3  




 Ned Vizzini. So, so much. 

I read It's kind of a funny story after being diagnosed with depression. I was 16 and it gave me hope. It was semi based on his own experiences......and then he committed suicide.

still gives me chills 




 Does your hair look sexy pushed back?

(sorry) 




 Always hold the door open! 




 Introverts get their energy from being alone, and extroverts by being around people  




 most schools have a counseling center. start there. 




 Sorry I'm new to the sub. Won't happen again.   




 im just here to say wow yep agreed 




 i have clinical chronic depression and id rather be alive than dead 




 It was insane. There were flying midgets  




 Shit. Well here I am bitchez 




 Bless 




 Club coco bongo  




 I went down to where they were happening and witnessed it but didn't do much. It was insane the amount of riot police they had brought in looked like a whole fucking army  




 I got to Penn State and then the Sandusky scandal happened ha ha ha ha ha  




 You can buy crabs. Like the std/i.  My friend found this out I don't wanna know why 




 warped here u come 




 20f. You're attractive. Hi.  




 The kid in the neighbor did just one hit of the gluten and became addicted!!!!!  




