 I tried for 2-weeks and then stopped as I decided to get tested for apnoea before trying SRT (yet) again. SRT can be brutal and I think a lot of people get anxious about it. A quote I liked from a book called 'The Effortless Sleep Method' is:

"If you are lucky enough to be referred to a sleep specialist, you may be unlucky enough to be advised to embark on a sleep restriction programme." 

I don't think sleepio can hurt in the long run as long as you don't kick yourself if you don't succeed at it. I am not sure that therapists know how difficult SRT is or the anxiety it can cause some people who don't have the willpower to stick with the programme. 




 Good luck kittenmitten. Can you not switch to another doctor if this one is an ass? 




 CBT-I seems to have up to 80% success rates as far as I read and it is well worth re-itterating it's success rates. I think you are also right that sleep forums in general are filled with hopelessness. People who solve their issues get on with their life and don't come back, leaving the forums with only people who have problems!

However I did read a small clinical study involving 5 people where 2 of them failed to be able to adhere to the SRT program. In both cases there cortisol levels increased just before they went to sleep. The study didn't suggest why it rose but I would hypothesise that they got anxious about having to sleep at a specific time.

I also read a book called 'The Effortless Sleep Method' and while I didn't like the 'faith healer' style of it I did contact the author as she had said in the book that many people fail using Sleep Restriction Therapy. When I emailed her she said she had 100's of emails from people who were upset that they couldn't stick to the program. 

I wrote more about this here: 

https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/sleep-restriction-therapy-for-insomnia-more-harm-than-good/

It is also worth remembering that physical problems can also cause sleep issues. Depression, vitamin/hormonal deficiencies or apnoea. If SRT doesn't work for you then push your doctor to get more and more tests done. Many doctors are dismissive of tiredness, so I generally advise taking a friend/family member with you to back you up.

Anyway, a great positive and helpful post - thanks. 









 I think aches and pains can be attributed to calcium build up in the muscles. Magnesium Citrate (500mg an hour before bed) or Taurate (not oxide) can potentially sort that out and can help regulate sleep, it is also usable for depression which also gives aches and pains. Do you also get little twitches in the muscles sometimes? They may be myoclonic jerks (often perfectly normal and possibly a throwback mechanism when we were monkeys living in trees) or to much calcium in the muscles. If you haven't already tried it then pick some up from Amazon or a health food shop. I have been taking it for about a week now and it makes a huge difference to me. Holy Basil (Tulsi extract) may also be useful. I really don't know much about these but my minimal reading so far suggests that they can help suppress cortisol levels. They are both a cheap and easy thing to try.

If it doesn't work then get to a doctor. If you are aching all over then it may be more serious. Maybe take a friend of family member with you who can testify that you have a problem so that they don't fob you off. I felt fobbed off for almost two decades.

Good luck, I hope it works for you.  




 It sounds like you are having a difficult time of things, I have been there as I am sure that many have. 

I have no idea why it came on 'suddenly' but I assume that you have had trouble sleeping for quite a while and it is the '3 days' with no sleep that has come on suddenly. It can be a long path to find something that works for you.

For me the problem seems to have been a magnesium deficiency but it is a little too early for me to be sure. Magnesium is linked to sleep problems, muscle aches and depression (which causes sleep problems). You may want to try Magnesium Citrate or Magnesium Taurate supplements (avoid Magnesium Oxide as it does not get absorbed very well). I take one 500mg supplement about an hour before I go to sleep. You can get them from health food shops or order from Amazon. I have read that you also need Calcium to help with Magnesium absorption but I think a lot of peoples diet are calcium rich and magnesium poor and so I don't take Calcium at the moment - you may want to bear that in mind though if the magnesium does not work on its own. I also take 600mg of Valarian root and Holy Basil (Tulsi extract) at the moment. For me the difference is extreme - I hope it is for you as well.

Some people will also take Melatonin. If that doesn't work then you can try the base building blocks of Melatonin which are 5-HTP and L-tryptophan. They form a chain so that L-tryptophan makes 5-HTP which makes Serotonin which makes Melatonin. Experiment with each walking deeper down the chain if the one above fails. Some people have reported that Melatonin does not work for them but 5-HTP does. 

If you do not get enough light then that could interfere with your circadian rhythm. Try to go outside in your normal subjective morning (whatever time you used to wake up when you felt OK) for 30 minutes. I know this can be difficult if you are very tired but humans developed near equator where the day length is long and sun is very bright. You can also use a light box if you can get hold of one (£150 for a Philips GoLite which is quite good - is linked to age-related macular degeneration though over long periods)

Don't try to do too many of these things at once as it can be overwhelming to try everything, and expensive. I would try one at a time to see what does and does not work. Start with the supplements as they are easy.

Also chat with parents/tutors/doctors that you trust and let them know that you are having trouble. It doesn't do any good to try to fix this all on your own. Close family should try to understand if they are good but I have heard that some can be nasty and unhelpful. 

Good luck, I hope you manage to start making progress soon.  




 My average is 5.42 hours a night this month, often broken and at unpredictable times.

I find that it is not the number of hours sleep that I get but how I feel when I wake up that is most important. Remember that you can get 9 hours and feel rotten or get 4.5 hours and feel pretty good some days.

 









 Thanks for posting the link as it is an interesting twist. 

Maybe I haven't thought about it enough but 'acceptance and commitment therapy' seems to have no underlying difference to CBT. They both try to make you relax. I am not even sure that the technique used is any different:

"[A]CT helps you see how futile it can be putting energy into trying to change the thoughts and feelings that crop up around sleep.

‘It teaches you to accept their presence and let them go, which in turn pushes you towards sleep.’"

CBT also tries to make you 'let go' and so I can't see any difference. Isn't this just a marketing gimmick?  




