 The prettiest people do the ugliest things. 




 Wut? 




  it's kinda pointless to discuss strategy in pubs

Uh, actually that's most of what this subreddit is for considering 99% of the people on here only play pubs. It's actually more pointless to talk about pro dota considering, again, that 99% of the people on here are not pros. And neither you nor OP specified which you were referring to.

Bye Felicia. 




 Yeah but that applies to any hero, not specifically these 4. 




 Well, there's this super cool thing called Google that I guess not many people have heard about that has dozens of guides on how to play this hero. 

But since you're lazy and I'm bored, you start off by maxing your Morph ability and Waveform, stopping off to take your Ultimate at 6. Morphing to agility gives you more damage, but less health, and morphing to strength does the opposite. Finding the correct balance in the early game takes practice and depends on the lanes. If you're in a safe tri lane, you can afford to morph more agility for damage to ensure last hitting because you won't be taking near as much harass as say if you were running mid or offlane.

The way Morphling wins late game is having a shit ton of damage and a shit ton of armor from maxing out your Morph ability on Agility. You build items that give you survivability, such as Linken's Sphere, Butterfly, I've seen Skadi Morphlings before, etc. The Eblade build, or Shotgun build, is used to blow the everloving fuck out of one of the enemy heroes, usually a key support or utility hero, at the very beginning of the fight making it a 4v5. The Eblade nerf hurt this build however, so I'm not sure if it's still too viable. Morphling is rarely run in this current meta. Eblade increases magic damage taken, and a maxed out Agility Adaptive Strike plus a Waveform does a metric fuck ton of damage and will usually 1 shot somebody below 2k health, maybe even more. I'm not bored enough to do the math. This however falls off in later portions of the game when enemies build BKBs and get more health in general.

Your ultimate is used in multiple ways. You can make a replicate of the enemy hard carry and use it to attack for your team, or make a replicate of a teammate to send to another lane to jump to to continue farming when you've pushed your lane too far out. Additionally, you can instantly replicate out of a sticky situation in a fight where you might die by sending the replicate out of the fight or keeping it back beforehand.

If you're ever in a pickle, you have two options. Replicate out, or start morphing to strength to gain a ton of health and hopefully survive where you might have died.

The general build I used to run was Acquila  Treads  Linkens  Eblade  Butterfly Skadi, and by that point the game was usually over. I haven't played Morphling in months however. Once you have Eblade, you want to be running around with maxed or almost maxed agility to pull off your Shotgun combo effectively. 

Morphling isn't a hero that can 1v5 and destroy the enemy team, usually. Because he requires the maxing of agility and reduction of strength to do the most damage, he is vulnerable and requires heroes around him that can protect him and pull aggro off of him if needed.

One cool thing to note is that you can Morph to strength or agility while stunned (definitely) or rooted (I believe). However, not while silenced. So if the enemy team has silences that could fuck you over, consider building a Manta.  




  Tinker gets destroyed by Sniper in lane

Wut? My 3k Tinker shits on Snipers in lane. Fuck going March build, just rocket spam him. Maybe it won't work in Very High Skill brackets where Snipers run bottles, but if you're in "the trench" Tinker should easily win. 




 Blink, Laser, oh no troll bkb'd!, Ghost Scepter, Rearm, Ghost Scepter, Rearm, Ghost Scepter, Laser, Profit. 




 Anyone who's good knows he's not a support. Wait until your trash tier carry stops farming at 10 minutes to go teamfight before he's ready, secure lane farm for yourself and let him die, dominate the mid game kill stealing with your ult and laugh in their faces when you carried harder than they did.

 




  where the only time I'll need it are if I get an Illusion rune or for some reason build a Necro book. And in that case I can just CL cycle them if I need them to do something different than what my hero is doing, yeah?

 




 Mine, keeping in mind I don't use quickcast. That's probably because I don't use mouse movement and have never really seen the point of quickcast:

123456 - spells (Played WoW for 4 years where your spells took up 1 through =, so hitting the 5 or 6 is already muscle memory and not an issue at all)

TAB - select all units

CAPSLOCK - cycle through units

Space - Select Hero

Q - attack move

E - Stop/Cancel

ZXCVFR - items

WASD - Camera Move

Basically the difference I'm seeing is that if I use mouse movement, that frees up 4 buttons to use for control groups. But what I'm also seeing is that only helps me play micro-intensive heroes, which I have no real interest in playing anyway because they just aren't my style, and that's less than 5% of the hero pool. Control Groups are useless on something like a Lion or Magnus, where the only time I'll need it are if I get an Illusion rune or for some reason build a Necro book. And in that case I can just CL cycle them if I need them to do something different than what my hero is doing, yeah? 

My hand position rests with pinky finger on Shift, ring finger on A, middle finger on W, index finger on D, and thumb on C, so all of the above buttons are able to be pressed instantly. I do use Edge Pan as well though, so I suppose I use a mixture of Edge Pan and WASD. 




 Why are they inferior? If I'm using keyboard controls, my mouse is free to go wherever I want it to, rather than it being on the edges of the screen using Edge Pan or MMB.

It's not any slower, because Edge Pan and WASD movement are both dependent on what your camera speed is set to. Mine is set pretty high, and my WASD actually moves my camera faster than what MMB does.
 




 I can see how the control groups would be more efficient for illusions and summons. 

But if I'm playing a Weaver, Tinker, Centaur, Magnus, QoP, Lion, Crystal Maiden, Earthshaker, or any of the other heroes that don't require the use of illusions or summons 99% of the time, what are control groups used for?

And I know I'm going to end up typing something in caps in chat more often than not, but eh. It'll work. 




  select illusions/summons 

I've got that on TAB for all and CAPSLOCK for cycle currently.

 select hero button

Space bar.

 chat commands

Actually that would be useful considering I'm still using the default Y+mouse direction for those. 

 awfully slow compared to all other methods.

Really? I've got my camera speed up pretty high, it doesn't seem like it's any slower than Edge Pan or MMB.

I dunno it just feels like I'm not grasping the concept of why WASD is so bad.  




 The way it looks, if I want to move the camera up with MMB, I have to click and drag down. What if a hero is running up and I want to follow it with the camera, using MMB, and cast an ability on them? I'm dragging the mouse AWAY from where I want to be casting my ability, meaning I'll then have to move my mouse back from the bottom, to the top to cast an ability on the hero. Whereas with WASD I can just hold the keys and keep my mouse free to click wherever I want. Edge Pan would work the same as WASD in that sense, but MMB seems like it would be way more garbage. Unless I'm missing something.

edit: I was missing the option to Reverse Camera Grip. 




 Attack-move is Q, I have Stop bound to E. 

I never use the Move command, if I want to send a unit somewhere without issuing an attack command I just select it and right click it to where I want it to go. 

I figured out above how to cycle through controlled units, something I had always thought I could do but accidentally unbound some time in the past. 

I played WoW for 4 years, where your spells took up 1 through =. I have no problem at all doing the quick reach to hit a 5 or 6 if necessary if I even choose to play those heroes.

Currently my setup is 123456 for skills, WASD for camera move, ZXCVFR for items, TAB is select all units, CAPSLOCK is cycle through units now that I figured that out. 

I don't know, I've never felt like I had any issues being able to play any heroes this way. I consider Tinker one of my best heroes and playing him requires hitting up to 7 or 8 different keys in rapid succession, of which I have no issue. The only issue I can see might arise is with micro-intensive heroes like Meepo or Chen, but micro-intensive heroes don't interest me so I don't really care to change my entire setup to accommodate heroes I don't want to play anyway, you know? 




 Okay, I had bound TAB to select all units some time in the past. Went ahead and switched that, thank you. 




 What other things would I need to utilize those keys for though? I don't have quickcast hotkeyed to anything, is that something I should be using? It sounds like a neat idea, but I also don't think that the time it takes to press the hotkey and actually click the mouse for me (near instantaneously) is worth keybinding 4-6 keys for.

I suppose I could keybind control groups to the keys for micro-intensive heroes, but I try to avoid playing those anyway because I just don't like them. 




 Also, random question, but is there any way to hotkey a button that scrolls between different units? For example if I pop my Manta Style and want to quickly send my 2 illusions and hero in different directions, would there be a button I could hit that selected specifically 1 illusion, and then if I hit it again, specifically the other illusion, hit it again, back to hero, again, back to 1st illusion, again, back to other illusion, etc.? 




 Why is it better though? And if you use Edge Pan or MMB, what's the difference between keeping it on 1234 vs. QWER? 

Currently I use do WASD as camera, and have my 6 item slots bound to ZXCVFR. XCV are the items I use most in a game (Blink, Phase Boots, Force Staff, etc.) with R usually being hero specific items (Hex, Ghost Scepter/Eblade, Dust). I don't have any problem hitting these keys because over the years my finger dexterity has only gotten better (just ask my girlfriend ;)).

 




 So I've been playing Dota 2 for about a year and a half now. It was the first game of its kind I'd ever played. Before that, I'd played Call of Duty and World of Warcraft among other games extensively on the PC, so I was no stranger to PC online gaming.

I've never bound my Dota 2 spells to QWER, I've had them as 1234 the whole time because after a good 7 years of online gaming, 1-9 were always spells, switching weapons, killstreaks, etc. and WASD was always camera or player movement of some sort. It's so ingrained in my muscle memory that I figured it would be more detrimental for me to switch that around and try to learn something new than stick with what I've always done, and could also hinder my performance in other games. 

What is the advantage that binding your spells to QWER gives in Dota 2? A second part, and most of the reason for asking this, is that I've recently picked up one of [these](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg) mice. It has two buttons I could use to bind things to in Dota 2 that I haven't experimented with yet, and was wondering what might be the most beneficial things in the game to bind to it. 




 Mute them all and just play your game. Focus on learning. Watch your replays too. If you're dying a lot, look at WHY you're dying. Were you in the enemy jungle without vision? Did you commit to a fight you were outnumbered in? Should you have backed out instead of going for that last kill? 

There's no one quick trick to getting better at Dota, it all just takes time and practice. 




 Eh Lion actually isn't as great as you'd think. Lion's burst is great in the early game, but Sniper and Troll should always build a BKB, Axe usually does, and Jug has built in Magic Immunity which completely counters Lion.

Lina, however, would be decent if you're able to farm an Aghs Scepter because the Scepter changes your ult's damage type to Pure and allows it to pierce spell immunity. 




 Then you just need to play more. Stick to one hero for a while just to get basic mechanics to become muscle memory. One mistake I made at first was trying to become a jack of all trades/master of none. 

Also I'd recommend playing the Limited Hero game mode. Those heroes tend to be simpler to understand, have less complicated synergies/mechanics, and greatly reduce the amount of "what the fuck was that" potential in a game.  




  tinker 

Before the March/Eblade nerf yes. I rose 500 MMR by spamming Tinker. Shit was insanely easy.

Now though it's way harder to win solo as a Tinker. If your team won't push with you, you're not going to win.
 




  Winning mid is more about your skill vs. the enemies mids skill then anything else

Debatable depending on your MMR. 

2k, yes because you RARELY get support rotations into the mid to gank. 2k is the mindset where if the mid isn't ganking a sidelane the minute they hit 6, it's a reportable offense. 

4k however, if one team's support rotates a couple times even just to apply pressure and the other team's does not, the former team's mid may win out over the latter even if the latter is more skilled. 




 I wouldn't. Naga is a hero that relies pretty heavily on coordination within the entire team to be utilized correctly.

You rarely get that in solo queue.  




 I've gotten multiple on Bloodseeker, Weaver, Sven and Crystal Maiden but I think that's it. 




 Watch pro gameplays. Usually the commentators do a great job (depending on who it is) explaining what's going on, item choices for heroes, why teams are doing specific movements around the map, etc.

I've learned way more watching pro gameplays than I ever would have just playing the game. 




 Omniknight's ult counters them because they all rely on physical damage.

Vengeful Spirit is pretty good because you can use her ult to swap an important carry out of a death situation, and if you die your 3rd skill reduces the enemies' physical damage output.

Dazzle is good because your ult gives your team +armor and the enemy team -armor if you land it on everyone, and Shallow Grave will keep an ally alive for a potential escape against all but Axe.

Disruptor can be good if played correctly, by Glimpsing initiators back out of the fight or dropping a huge ultimate on 3-4 during a fight.

Ghost Scepter is an item that makes you invulnerable to physical damage, is great against these heroes.

Heaven's Halberd disarms the enemy, so they can't physically attack anyone for the duration and also provides evasion.

Just to name a few. 




 Slark destroys Sniper as well. 




 Did you even read the hero names? Sniper is THE hero for low MMR games, and has been since Dota 2 came out. Axe has always been picked in low MMR games too. Troll is the only one of the four that hasn't been a consistent pick for 3k MMR. 

And like the other reply said, 

 you have to remember that the people who play against them are even worse at countering them then the axe troll and jugg pickers are at playing them.

Bye Felicia. 




 Lol what? These heroes are picked every game from 1k MMR to Pro Tournaments. You're an idiot. 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=how+to+get+better+at+dota+2 




 A:256

B:30

2.7k MMR 




 Troll and Axe both need nerfs in my opinion.

Troll needs his base movement speed slightly reduced, and maybe a slight reduction in health in melee axe form to be balanced.

Not really sure how to make Axe balanced but he's way too strong in the laning stage. 




 Yeah my comment was tongue in cheek regarding the horrible nature of South Americans specifically on this video game.

Calm it down. 




 Average 




  Very High Skill


 0 BKBs against a Tinker/Ogre/Zeus with 3 Dagon 5's.

lolwut 




  What the hell is the problem if I want to play something other than AP or CM for MMR?

You do. It's just hidden MMR. Kappa. 




 There's a difference between picking something inappropriate for your team and randoming a hero you have no idea how to play but keeping it just for the extra gold.

 




 I played a game like this earlier tonight. 2 people on my team said nothing throughout the entire draft, didn't lock heroes or anything. 

3 of us had already picked PL, Clinkz, Jakiro. The final two randomed Naga Siren and Tinker. Neither had any clue how to play the hero they randomed, and barely spoke English (surprise surprise).

Needless to say we got completely stomped because Tinker fed the shit out of the enemies' Sniper mid and the Naga was only good for using her Ult to escape and throwing down maybe 1 or 2 good nets the entire game. I reported them for Intentional Ability Abuse, was happy to see two notifications pop up later in the night that they got put into low priority.

Tinkers one of my best heroes. If the stupid Peruvian had spoke English I could have swapped him, but alas, another game ruined because of South Americans. Typical Dota 2. 




 I believe if you die with rapier the item is no longer bound to you, meaning you no longer own it.

Contrasted to if you drop your Yasha, even if someone picks it up, that item is still bound to you and only you benefit from the stats. 




 Lol. 




  Juggernaut can perform normal attacks during Blade Fury, but these attacks will deal no damage to enemies being affected by Blade Fury.

From the Dota 2 wiki. How is this supposed to work? Does this mean you can't auto attack an enemy while BF'ing unless they're already magic immune? 




 Christ. With that team composition you deserved to lose.

Also, the guy's friend is retarded. If he raises it any more than 500 he's just going to get stomped back down to where he was in the first place.  




 Take a break and do something else.

 




 I don't understand why everyone is crying about it.

If you have a huge lead and the enemy outplays you and wins a teamfight, it's your fault for getting outplayed and losing a teamfight that you should have won. 

How is this any different than previous patches where teams would draft insanely good T3 tower defense with a 4 protect 1 carry strat, lose all outer towers at 20 minutes and defend for the next 30 until their carry became unkillable? 

 




 Dear South America: 

Please cut off all internet access to your favelas. 

Sincerely, World. 




 That's a good mentality to have and makes you a better player. I've learned to never trust or rely on random teammates in video games, because 90% of the time they'll fail you.

However in this case, split pushing would have just stalled the inevitable further. If the Sven and LS didn't build MKB for 60 minutes, they were trash and you weren't going to win.

If they had built MKB, you probably would have won considering a couple teamfights could have gone your way and you could have transitioned those into Roshans or tower pushes. But that's Dota. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32tELgOnwOI 




 Alt clicking is great because South Americans that queue on US E without speaking a word of English can still communicate the cooldowns/availabilities of items and spells. In a game such as this where communication is arguably the biggest key to victory, and Valve refuses to region lock, it was kind of needed. 

I for one am against making the game too much easier. Making things easier is what kills online multiplayer video games. I used World of Warcraft as an example in a thread earlier. In my opinion that game is absolute shit now after they lowered the skill cap for literally everything in WotLK. Call of Duty is another good example. 4 was one of the greatest games ever made because it was barebones, simple, and required heavily on reaction time and pure gun skill. Look at the shit they did with MW3 and BO2, as examples. They made weapon attachments that were literally hacks in previous games (Target Finder, Dual Band) and those games are shit now.

There was a suggestion earlier that was put forward by an alleged 4.2k player saying warding was too difficult and "it's a needed change" that Valve should implement a special courier THAT GOES OUT AND WARDS FOR YOU. Shit like that would ruin the game, and is an absolutely stupid suggestion.

I don't exactly know where I was going with this reply, but changes that make communication easier I'm all for. However, mechanical changes are when you cross the line. Skill shots are a great example. If they made landing Slark's Pounce any easier, it would be too much. Or WR's Shackleshot. In-game timers that were visible to players for Roshan or enemy buybacks would be too much. Just a couple examples I thought of.  




 You probably wouldn't have won even if you did split push. Your bat and sven were trash. 




 Maybe not at minute 4, but a riki with some farm hiding off in the trees blink striking in on an underleveled support running out of fountain? Or ganking couriers?

It obviously isn't a great idea, and I wouldn't advocate it, but it definitely could be annoying. 




 With heroes like Troll, Jug, Axe, Sniper, Lion extremely strong in this meta it's almost impossible to pub stomp with her. 

She loses hard to heroes that can burst her down quickly, and that's what the meta is about right now. 




 And then get initiated on immediately by a blade mailed Clock/Axe/LC. Fun times. 




 Some of them are good ideas. Alt clicking allied spells to indicate "Use ____ Now" in chat could be very useful.

Then some of them, like the alleged 4k player suggesting a specific courier be put into the game that wards for you, are fucking retarded.

But that's how this entire subreddit is so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Why the fuck won't my shrug ever work? It's always missing its fucking left arm.

I kind of like this one better though so ¯\ _(ツ)_/¯ 




 I actually haven't seen one of those in a couple months.  




 It could work. 




  for you lefties

What does being left handed have to do with any of this?
 




 Because you're in the lead and you lost a fight. That shouldn't happen.

Don't think of it as being penalized for losing a fight, think of it as the other team being rewarded for winning a fight that realistically they shouldn't have won due to your advantage. They outplayed a stronger opponent, and deservedly get more reward. 




  At this point, the Glyph being refreshed after a Tier 1 tower falls is just dumb and appears to be a gross overreaction when combined with the comeback formula.

Maybe when combined with the formula, but do you remember TI4? 20 minute gg's because you win a team fight at 15 minutes and take 3 towers afterwards was stupid.  




 He can be used as a niche last pick sometimes, but Huskar relies on lack of coordination on the opposing team to be useful. He's a great pubstomper because he ults in and people go full panic mode, but that's not how pro teams operate.

And no pro team wants an initiator whose initiation ability drops themselves to half health right off the bat.  




 Just do what I do. If someone on the opposing team is flaming me, get 1-2 of your teammates and make it your sole objective for the next 20 minutes to gank them whenever possible and make their game extremely unfun.

Or just mute them, outplay them, win the game and type JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA [Their Hero Name] over and over as you kill their Ancient. 




  i believe that if people didnt feed nobody would complain

You have too much faith in the internet. People will flame you for anything and everything. 




 99% of the time the pros get aegis immediately barring some sort of engagement going on in the pit at the same time. I've rarely seen a pro team do rosh and sit for more than 2 seconds without picking up aegis/cheese.

in b4 "BUT X PLAYER IN X GAME RAN AWAY AND DIDN'T GET IT UNTIL HE WENT BACK 5 SECONDS LATER" 




 If you were going in first, you were doing it wrong. The correct way to win that lane would be for CM to go around behind her when the wave was closer to your tower, freeze her, then you run in with your whirling axes. At that point she should be easy food.
 




 Meepo, Earth Spirit and Invoker every time because I've never tried to learn them. Most of the time I'll repick Chen/Enchantress but I've had decent games with them.

Otherwise I can pretty much play every hero in the pool. Aside from those, I'll only repick if I randomed a hero and the enemy team had already picked a hard counter. 




 As the title says, when is the best time to buy BoTs in a game? I expect this depends on the hero, like with a tinker you want them ASAP, and with an AM it's good to pick them up early to split push and farm lanes more effectively. And sometimes you don't need to buy them at all.

But is there a general rule of thumb for when to pick up BoTs on other heroes? What I've been doing is if I can tell that if I complete my next item and doing so won't leave me a spot for a tp scroll, I'll go ahead and buy BoTs and prolong that item a bit longer to ensure I'm not caught in a position where I need to TP somewhere for a teamfight or defense. This usually comes around the 30-40 minute mark (3k MMR here, so it's not like at that point I'm fully 6 slotted or anything), both on supports and cores.

Thoughts? 




 4.2k and you don't know how to ward? That's pretty sad. I just played a Lion solo support. They had weaver and invoker, so I had dust on me from minute 1 until the end.

Good gold management and the fact that both ours and the enemy team's outer towers were all taken out around the 35 minute mark allowed me to sell my Tranquils and purchase BoTs, meaning I could keep BoTs, Magic Wand, Blink, Force, Observers and Dust on me. Our viper bought a gem relatively early as well, so whenever we felt like dewarding I went around with him and dewarded. Since a couple of us had dust, we didn't need the gem in team fights and we kept it in base.

Didn't have a problem with space management once in the entire game, and managed to ward throughout a 55 minute game as a solo support without any issues.

You're 4.2k and you can't figure that out? Once again: SOUNDS LIKE A PERSONAL PROBLEM. Get better. 

Peace out. 




 3k. But I don't see anyone else supporting your suggestion, and I haven't seen anyone else complain about warding being difficult. If people thought this was a problem, you'd have support. (See what I did there?)

Do I WANT to leave my dust or bracer in stash to go ward? Not particularly. But I'm also not going to propose a stupid suggestion to "fix" something that isn't even a problem. It only takes a couple minutes to ward, then you get your item back, then 6-10 minutes later you do it again. It's part of being a support.

Good players don't have a problem warding.

So once again, it sounds like a personal problem.  




 There were a lot of factors in addition to it for me in real life too. It was also just my personal opinion that the game in general just felt too easy. 




 Consumables aren't needed after minute 10. If you're running around with tangos or a mana potion taking up a slot at minute 20+, you're doing it wrong. Wards take precedence.

Magic Stick/Wand falls off after 20-25 minutes. As a support, you'll have enough mana to cast enough abilities to where you won't need the boost, and if you're gone on first in a gank attempt, the stick charges probably aren't going to save your life enough of the time to warrant holding onto it. If you feel like holding onto it, put it in your stash, go ward, TP back, grab it from stash. Wards take precedence.

If you're holding a bracer at minute 40 and claim you don't have a spot for wards, you're doing it wrong. Bracer only gives somewhere between 100-150 health. That's enough to survive 1 extra attack from their carry, if that. Applies to components such as Null Talisman, Void Stone, Ring of Regen, etc. Put it in your stash, go ward, have it delivered back. Wards take precedence.

Dust or Smoke as well, either put it in your stash or give to an ally, grab it back after you ward. Wards take precedence.

Warding is YOUR job as a support. Wards take precedence over all but 3 of the things you listed above, especially considering it should only take 2 minutes tops to place them before you can get the other items back. If you're playing correctly and warding at the correct times (hint, NOT running blindly into their jungle when all enemy heroes are alive and missing from the map) then none of this is an issue. You also have 4 other heroes on your team that can assist you in this entire process. Your position 4 has an extra slot? Give them the Observers. Your Batrider and Storm Spirit want to gank the Riki farming too aggressively in bot lane? Pass them the Dust. A change isn't needed at all. Get better. 




 Definitely practice your last hitting. At up until 3k, that's the biggest thing that can give you the edge over your opponents. 

Also learn item builds on heroes. For example you're buying a Null Talisman on the Spectre games I looked at. Completely useless and a waste of gold on that hero, meaning you are less effective in the laning stage than you should be, giving you a hard start on a hero that usually needs a good start to be effective. Shadow Blade is also useless on that hero, and to some extent Spirit Breaker as well.

You're also not really picking strong heroes to play. Visage and Elder Titan are probably way over your skill level, and Spectre isn't really that strong right now and definitely not in your MMR where most of your games are 30 minute 1 sided victories.

My advice would be to learn some bigger tempo controllers, outfarm your opponents and control the game. But that doesn't mean run into 3 heroes solo and expect to triple kill them. Solo pick off heroes are usually the best because 1. Players in that MMR rarely buy wards or TP scrolls, and generally don't have the map awareness to utilize them properly and 2. Players tend to farm and play way over aggressively. Punish that with a Shadow Bladed Slark killing a solo hero at your top T2 when their team is in their jungle or other lanes, for example. 




 You can't re-calibrate. What he's referencing is creating a new account, power leveling to 13 and doing ranked matches again to see if you place higher. Which is completely pointless if you aren't any better than when you calibrated the first time. If you are, then you'll be higher. But the thought process also is that if you're truly better than the 9 other people in the lobby, you should be able to single handedly carry your team to victory and increase your MMR that way on the account you play at normally. 




 Maybe you should have only punch it 2 times. 




 rekt 




 And you sound like the kind of person that if you're not good enough to do something, would rather have it changed to be easier than getting better and improving your personal skill.

Like I said too: If you're a good player, the current mechanics aren't a problem in any way. 

If you're a support, you should always have a slot designated for Wards. Just like a good player always designates a slot for a TP scroll. It's part of the role you're playing. Wards are more important than the component of an uncompleted item that could stay in your stash until you've completed it fully. In 99.9% of games, the position 5 support will never be six slotted to the point where you have to drop something more important for your team than wards.  




 You pay a monthly or yearly subscription to be able to play WoW. It's been four years or so since I last paid for it, so I don't remember the actual cost of it. 

What I mean by making the game easier is that they implemented purchasable (with real life money) items into the game that made basically every aspect of the game easier. Power leveling (leveling from 1 to the level cap) used to take a lot of time and effort. After these items, you could do it in a fraction of the time. These items were extremely powerful and took out a core aspect of the game where you had to sit and think about the benefits of choosing one item over another. Basically you bought these items, they scaled with your level (IIRC) and you never really had to worry about your itemization until you hit the level cap.

They also (from my experience) nerfed raiding (going into a dungeon with 5, 10, 25, etc. different people) so that instead of having to figure out strategies and use tons of teamwork to be able to down a boss, you could blow through it easily because none of the fights were anywhere near as difficult, coupled with the fact that you had these really strong items.

They earned more money because the game was more accessible to millions of other people who could buy it, load it up, and be able to get that feeling of accomplishment very quickly instead of having to work for it, as opposed to the game being a challenge and potentially turning people away because they couldn't figure it out or weren't good enough to get through certain parts. 

I started to despise it because everything I'd spent tons of time working for for the past 4 years was now extremely easy. The sense of accomplishment went away. For me, if a game isn't challenging, it isn't fun. 
  




  Agreed, but taking time to micromanage such a petty task (unloading items in order to ward) takes away from the much more important micromanagement that takes place during battles and map control.

If you're a good player this isn't a problem at all. If you're not a good player, then it sounds like a personal problem.  




 I used to adore Blizzard. Played WoW for about 4 years, from around the time AQ was released pre-BC to right before the Cataclysm expansion.

Could just be my personal opinion, but halfway through WotLK they completely destroyed that game. I understand their model, making the game so easy an 8 year old can be successful makes it more appealing to the masses, which makes them more money; but it got to the point where everything was so easy that the game was no longer challenging in any way. 

If that happened to Dota 2 it would be a very sad day indeed. 




 Link to dotabuff? If you're 700 I guarantee the reason you're so low is because you don't know how to farm.

Tip: Stop playing ranked for a bit, learn a hero that can come online early with heavy snowball potential (Drow, Bloodseeker, Slark, Troll Warlord, Axe are some of the easier examples to play and can also utilize the jungle well) and practice your last hitting in bot games. At 700 MMR, spend your first 20 minutes farming and not dying or participating in stupid fights. ONLY enter a fight if you know you will survive and will be able to get a kill or two out of it (for example if three enemy heroes are tower diving at less than half health. TP in, clean them up. Profit.) My experiences with lower MMR players is that they'll horribly farm for the first 8 minutes and then spend the rest of the time running at you Call of Duty style instead of continuing to farm. 

If you can come out at 20 minutes with 2-3 items and maybe even 4-6 levels ahead of them, go around and continuously pick them off if they're solo and transition that into tower pushes. Nobody at 700 MMR is going to be coordinated enough to kill you at that point. 




 I've tried to do this way too many times. I like this idea. 




  wasting time in such micromanagement can be potentially game-costing.

The ability to micromanage throughout a potentially 60+ minute game is a big part of what separates great players and teams from mediocre ones. 

 




 Not really. There's a big difference between not being able to play at all and a minor distraction. 




 If I'm sitting in front of my TV, at a bar, or even in the seats of the stadium itself as a spectator, it's impossible for me to injure a player.

As opposed to DDOS'ing a Dota player which can be done from anywhere across the world. 




 This only matters above 4k where you'll get differences of 100-1000 MMR between teammates.

The difference in player skill relative to MMR between a 1000 player and 1500 player is almost zero, same for a 2000 and 2500, and probably even 3000 and 3500. 




 Anti Mage

Batrider

Disruptor

Doom

Necrophos

Voted on the site as well 




 Potential side effects of Prozac (one of the most popular antidepressants):
very stiff (rigid) muscles, high fever, sweating, fast or uneven heartbeats, tremors, overactive reflexes; nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, loss of appetite, feeling unsteady, loss of coordination; headache, trouble concentrating, memory problems, weakness, confusion, hallucinations, fainting, seizure, shallow breathing or breathing that stops; or severe skin reaction -- fever, sore throat, swelling in your face or tongue, burning in your eyes, skin pain, followed by a red or purple skin rash that spreads (especially in the face or upper body) and causes blistering and peeling, cold symptoms such as stuffy nose, sneezing, sore throat; drowsiness, dizziness, feeling nervous; mild nausea, upset stomach, constipation; increased appetite, weight changes; sleep problems (insomnia); decreased sex drive, impotence, or difficulty having an orgasm; or dry mouth.

*This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur.

No thanks, I'll stick to weed. 




 Potential side effects of Prozac (one of the most popular antidepressants): 

very stiff (rigid) muscles, high fever, sweating, fast or uneven heartbeats, tremors, overactive reflexes; nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, loss of appetite, feeling unsteady, loss of coordination; headache, trouble concentrating, memory problems, weakness, confusion, hallucinations, fainting, seizure, shallow breathing or breathing that stops; or severe skin reaction -- fever, sore throat, swelling in your face or tongue, burning in your eyes, skin pain, followed by a red or purple skin rash that spreads (especially in the face or upper body) and causes blistering and peeling, cold symptoms such as stuffy nose, sneezing, sore throat; drowsiness, dizziness, feeling nervous; mild nausea, upset stomach, constipation; increased appetite, weight changes; sleep problems (insomnia); decreased sex drive, impotence, or difficulty having an orgasm; or dry mouth.

*This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur. 

No thanks, I'll stick to weed. 




 [This could be my alarm.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDz9B9VGcpQ)

I think I remember hearing that he used to be a radio announcer or DJ before he got into Dota, which would explain why he seems like the most experienced behind a microphone. Is this true? 




 I just can't stand his voice. That's not something he can really control, so I can't fault him as a person for it, but I just can't listen to it. 

Honestly he casts like a 16 year old on a sugar rush.  




 My problem with Zyori is that his jokes suck. All of his attempts to be funny, in my opinion, just completely fall flat. He's also completely wrong about... well, everything a lot of the time. He'll sit pondering something for two minutes when it's plainly obvious even to a 3k "scrub" like me that watches maybe 2-3 pro dota gameplays a day what the answer is. 

He's gotten a little better than he used to be, so I guess the progress is good. But if I see him casting a gameplay replay of teams that I either don't know or don't necessarily care about on dotacinema I won't watch it. Compare that to Tobi, Sunsfan/Synderen, Godz, Kotlguy, where I would watch the game even if it was a pub. 




 I like all of BTS except Lysander. I cannot fucking stand Lysander. 




 I want to start off by saying ~6 months ago, I despised Capitalist as a caster. His tone and demeanor in general was just so... smarmy. He even replied to a comment I made in a thread where I bashed him. Since then however, he's actually really grown on me and I don't mind watching his casts. So if you're reading this Cap, I apologize for my previous comment and keep up the good work :)

Kotlguy is also quickly becoming one of my favorite casters. I don't know how long he's been in the scene, but I've really only discovered him in the past month or so. It's funny though, and this could just be me personally, but when he casts with Zyori (who is still really terrible) he tends to cast down to Zyori's level as opposed to if he's solo or with somebody different. 

What happened to Ayesee? He was everywhere around TI4 and I don't think I've seen him since. 

Somebody like Tobiwan, I'll watch games he's casting even if I don't know the teams because he's just the best in my opinion. Very knowledgeable and entertaining as well. Godz sails in the same boat, although he doesn't cast nearly as much. 

Who are your guys' favorites, least favorites, honorable mentions, dream caster combo's, etc. and why?

edit: Completely forgot about Sunsfan and Synderen because I haven't seen them in forever. Another two favorites! 




 /r/nocontext is having a field day with this thread. 




 Bane/SD Mirana +1 was used heavily around TI4.  




 It's pretty core on Puck. His whole thing is being as evasive as possible. 

It's pretty core on Jakiro too unless you have a reliable setup stun already on your team to set up ice paths. 

It's not core per se on Invoker, but it makes landing his spells a hell of a lot easier.

And Eul's is great on DP for the movement speed, but again not necessarily core. 




 It might work for solo pick offs, but in a team fight if they notice your MoM on while dueling you're going to get bursted so hard you'll end up losing most of your duels. 




 Exactly. 




 Sounds exactly like when I try to play at 4 AM US East and get teams full of South Americans.

Seriously. They "farm" for 10 minutes and spend the rest of the game just running at you. It's fucking annoying. 




 Weird, it shows up in the text box if I go to edit it. 




 This is the account I've been playing on for the past few months, not my main though. Ignore the Ogre, Slark and QoP games, those were fresh after a blunt to the face and I always play terribly when I'm high. I also meant to queue for Normal, not Ranked, but marijuana ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220

I'm not sitting here saying I'm pro, but the only one of the Latest Matches losses that was anywhere close to my fault (aside from the above) was the 4/8/12 where I lost mid to a smurf SF. 

The hardest part about getting out of 2k/3k is that 90% of the time your team doesn't know the correct course of action. People in 5k know that at around 20 minutes if you smoke gank and get 2 or 3 pick offs you're in a great position to take Roshan uncontested and then transition that into a 1 or 2 tower push.

At 2/3k you rarely ever see a smoke bought for starters, and generally people just don't listen to anyone else on the team unless you get extremely lucky. Even though I'm spamming ROSH ROSH ROSH, nobody fucking does it. That's the biggest obstacle. 




 No synergy? Did you miss the part where his Astral gives you invulnerability for 4 seconds and it only takes 3 to reduce your Blink cooldown after taking damage? That seems pretty damn good to me. 




 The first few times I got ganked by 3+, Astral'd myself and Blinked away were very nice feelings. 

It makes you almost as elusive as a Puck. I don't know the interaction if, for example, Alchemist puts a Acid Spray under you. I'm assuming you wouldn't be able to blink fast enough so in that situation a Force would be better. Maybe it depends on the game, but I'm just surprised I've never seen anyone do it. 




 See when I play mid or carry, I hold a 500+ gpm over 80% of the time, even when I lose. Looking at your last hits and gpm/xpm my stats are essentially the same.

I guess the difference is consistency? If I don't have a 500+ gpm every game I'll never get high skill? 




 Assuming you have full mana on every Orb attack as well, though.

I just personally think for the same price, the Blink gives far superior utility than the little bit of damage and lesser mobility you get with a Force. 




 Copied from above:

Force gives 130 mana. At level 1 Orb, this increases your Orb attack by 7.8, at level 4 Orb it increases your Orb attack by 11.7.

That's not really much to write home about in later portions of the game, considering you usually max Orb last (I usually put a value point in just to have, but I always max Astral and Aura first). It might be a nice little boost right when you get it, but I still think the effectiveness of Blink outweighs that heavily. 




 Force gives 130 mana. At level 1 Orb, this increases your Orb attack by 7.8, at level 4 Orb it increases your Orb attack by 11.7. 

That's not really much to write home about in later portions of the game, considering you usually max Orb last (I usually put a value point in just to have, but I always max Astral and Aura first). It might be a nice little boost right when you get it, but I still think the effectiveness of Blink outweighs that heavily.

As far as the item slots, if you start with a Null and pooled tangos, you'll use the tangos and get Bottle, then Treads. So you're at Null, Bottle, Treads, TP Scroll. You have two slots left. Blink and another Null fills that until you can sell a Null for whatever you build next (Scythe, Aghs, Shivas), and that extra Null gives you 6 Int, plus other stats as well for a fraction of the cost of a Force.

 




 It could still be as useful for initiation as a Blink, but nowhere near as useful for escaping. If the enemy team has Dust, if you try to Astral and Shadow Blade out, you're just going to get dusted and killed.

As opposed to Blink, where if you Astral and immediately blink into trees or over a cliff, you can get away much easier. 




  too much damage

10 damage is nothing. You can get 12 damage from 2 Null Talismans, which together only cost 940g. 




 Because against good players the invisibility from Shadow Blade is almost useless. And it costs more. 




 PL isn't the ricing, split pushing rat like the days of old though. You don't really want to spend the whole time farming any more.

PL is a fighter now. You should be fighting as soon as you get your diffusal. Doppelganger doesn't necessarily help you fight like Lance and Rush do. You can have Treads, Vanguard or Vlads, Diffusal by 20 minutes. If you max Lance and Rush, you're going to destroy the enemy team.  




 I know OD is in a pretty shitty spot right now with having a ~5% pick/ban rate for pros in the past 7 months, but it's one of my favorite heroes to play. Recently I had the idea of building Blink Dagger instead of Force Staff. I'm not going to say I invented it, but it isn't something I can remember seeing anyone else do.

Force Staff has been considered core on him for as long as I can remember. It gives you 10 Int and a bit of mobility on a 20 sec CD for 2250 gold. Dotabuff matches played this month with Force Staff: 828,013. Win rate: 45.77%

Compare this to blink dagger, widely considered one of the best items in the game for almost every hero. Same exact price as Force Staff, but much better mobility on only a 12 second CD. Plus it is a far more reliable initiation tool, as well as escape mechanism. If you Astral yourself, at max level, it is 4 seconds. Blink damage CD is only 3 seconds. You will be able to reset your blink cooldown while inside Astral and give yourself a far better chance of evading death than with the Force Staff. Dotabuff matches played this month with Blink Dagger: 26,988. Win rate: 56.90%

Obviously you can't go by dotabuff winrates for everything, but I'm wondering why nobody else does this? Especially considering this month more people picked up Shadow Blades on OD than a Blink Dagger. BlinkAstral is almost equivalent to Nightmare and Disruption as far as an initiation tool, and is great for saving teammates that also have Blink Daggers because of the cooldown reset.

Does anyone agree? Is there some piece of the puzzle I'm missing? 

Also, what would make this hero viable in competitive play again? The consensus seems to be changing his Aghs upgrade. If you changed the Aghs upgrade to Pure damage, and maybe re-scaled it a little bit, would that be enough? 

He's still a mid dominator against popular mid heroes in this meta. Take Shadow Fiend for example. Astral reduces an enemies total mana pool by 52/91/130/169. If you're able to continuously get Astrals off on the SF in lane, he's not going to have enough mana for Razes, and you'll be able to cs far easier, effectively shutting him down without the use of support rotations.

Thoughts? 




 I said I was agreeing with you. I think he's viable.

I'm saying as a general rule, there is a difference between pubstomping and pro competitive. 




  but that dopple is critical for farming.

It should be worth noting that the only reason Doppelganger is good for farming is that it can essentially work as a pseudo-blink. Purge was talking about this in a recent cast, I believe it was Starladder Secret v LC Game 2.

One of your illusions does 0 damage, the other only does 20%. If you're doing 100 damage, that means the Doppelganger illusions are only increasing your total damage by 20. 

IMO you should max Rush and Lance first, keeping Doppelganger at level 1 to be used solely as an escape, unless you are under tons of pressure in which case you may need the reduced cooldown. 




 I agree with you, and see your edit, however keep in mind there is a big difference between pubstomping (even at high skill) and pro competitive. 




 I don't know how many people know this, but when the hero selection screen shows up (where you can scroll through all the heroes horizontally), if you type the letters of the hero name, it will auto scroll to that hero. So when it loads, if you type S-N it will go to Sniper and you can lock it in. 




