 I live close to Libbie Mill which just really started developing at the end of 2014. I wonder if that's why. 




 I don't understand why people need to be stay at home parents if their children go to daycare or school. I think that's just called lazy. I love my free time, but I would go absolutely batty if I didn't have a job or volunteer work or some thing to fill my day. I get depressed even if I work from home too many days in a row. 




 I've never realized how happy peace and quiet REALLY made me until I dated my ex and had a 2-6 year old around every weekend. For that, I am eternally grateful for that relationship. If I ever feel lonely, which I don't that often anyway - I just think back to that time period. :) 




 Yeah, no kidding. If they are that awful to be around for an extended period, why have them? I get being snowed in with ANYBODY for days on end, you start to get annoyed pretty easily - but just a few hours into it? 

My ex had a kid, and visitation every single weekend. When his ex-wife had to have an extra day with the kid due to illness or snow or something, you'd think the world was ending. Keep in mind she only saw that kid maybe 30 minutes in the morning before work, and 1-2 hours after work and before bedtime, during the week. I have no idea what this woman would have done if she had stayed married and had to deal with her kid every single day. 




 Other than that it's awesome? Where do you live now? That will help a little. If you're from the sticks, there are things you might appreciate (or not appreciate) that wouldn't be a big deal if you were from NYC. 




 If I ever lose my mind and decide I want to have children, I'm just going to take a look at the Facebook posts I've seen from parents who are snowed in with their kids. I live in VA and the schools were shut down pretty much all last week and now they're shut down again today, and I'm sure tomorrow. 

All the parents I know on FB are going crazy. Hourly posts about their kids driving them nuts. Not to mention my coworkers. You can tell which men at my workplace have children, because they will go into the office in the middle of a damn hurricane before they will be stuck at home with their kids. 

Meanwhile, I'm chilling with my dog on the couch, sipping coffee, looking at the snow and enjoying the peace and quiet. Ahhhh.

 




 Willow Lawn - at least 5-6 here.  




 Bought my first house last year. I live in Henrico County in the general area of Willow Lawn. I got my 2015 tax assessment in the mail this week. It shows that in 2014 it went down 3%, and in 2015 it's going up 19%. Is this normal?? It seems like a lot. 

Could it have something to do with the sale price of my house? The previous owners purchased it in 2010 for only $5000 less than I paid in mid-2014, so I would think if the taxes were related to an increase in market value, it would have gone up before this year. 




 We had a few in the area I grew up in, in Southern Illinois. It was kind of a joke that if you wanted stale bread and borderline expired lunch meat, that's where you went. I don't know how accurate that still is, though. This was in the mid-to-late 1990s. 

I think it might be one of those places where it just depends on what you buy. I found this article online:

http://www.thefrugalgirl.com/2010/03/what-to-buy-and-not-buy-at-aldi/

 




 This is why I don't watch the local news. Go to the state police sex offender registry site and look up your house - those bastards are freaking EVERYWHERE. Either they live near you, or they work near you. Not news, except maybe to soccer moms who don't understand reality. 




 I dated a guy for a few years who had his kid EVERY weekend.

It sucked ass. For all the reasons already listed 




 Haha, true. I'm sure some people talk about it that way. #thuglife 




 It's probably a point of pride because the city was able to turn things around. I used to work in law enforcement and I see that as impressive, and something to be proud of as far as city leadership goes. I doubt they were bragging about it at the time. 




 I'm selling my much-loved Fuji X100 digital camera (retro rangefinder style). I truly love this camera and the images it produces, but ultimately I didn't use it that much after I bought a different camera.

It is in great condition with minimal cosmetic marks resulting from normal use. Nothing that affects photo quality or that you can even see without looking super closely. 

Included are the original box, charger, extra battery, lens cap, strap, CD with software, USB cable, and manual. 

This would be a great camera for someone looking to improve their photography. It's simple, it's classic, and the fixed focal length forces you to learn about composition. The shutter is silent and the camera is so low profile that people barely notice it - great for street photography. Great in low light.

More info/photos here:

http://richmond.craigslist.org/pho/4901502757.html 




 Is that supposed to actually mean "do not use gluten free" or that they ARE gluten free? 




 They use beagles for testing BECAUSE they are so docile. They just snip their vocal cords so they can't whine and howl. 

It's gross. They use them for medical testing a lot, I have no idea how dog anatomy and physiology really translates to humans, but whatever. 




 I follow the Beagle Freedom Project on FB. It's horrible what labs do to these dogs. There are videos out there showing them being outside and touching grass for the first time in their entire lives. Heartbreaking. 




 Is he trying to be funny? Because it's hilarious. At least he's enthusiastic.  









 Sent you a PM. 




 Nope, actually sent this to a friend of mine who works in Photoshop for a living... he said it looks altered.  




 So your childfree girlfriend has to deal with your kids, but you don't want to deal with any more kids? Sounds like you're getting the much better deal there! 









 One of my favorite sayings is "We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us."

Agree with the other poster who says it sounds like you are clinging hard to the identity of being CF. 

As a woman I've had doubts creep into my mind too. I get emotional or just have a weird day where I think maybe I would be okay if I had a kid. Maybe I would enjoy it. They always go away and I don't obsess about it. 

If I did wake up tomorrow and I wanted to have a kid - like for real, weighed all the options and it made sense and was doable financially - I would do it. We are allowed to change our minds. 

I understand not wanting to do something you will regret. But your OP sounded more like you just didn't want to give up the identity of being CF even IF you would be happy with kids. Just saying its up to you. We come up with all these beliefs about ourselves and what we want and sometimes we cling to them even if they are outdated or no longer useful to us. 

Do what you FEEL is right, and turn your brain off. We over think and try and use logic and reason with certain things where logic and reason don't apply. Like love. And having kids, that's love. Logic and reason are NOT a part of it. 

 




 I don't get the sentence about not wanting to be one of those people who has kids and is happy. Huh? You only get one life. Childfree is about being childfree because you WANT to be. I don't get this whole post at all.  




 Exactly. Here's what I ate for dinner, here's my workout of the day, look at my kid, and my dog (guilty), here's some clickbait BS article, men suck, women suck, dating sucks, marriage sucks, I'm lonely...  Facebook is annoying. 




 Yep. God it must be exhausting to walk around so completely offended by anything and everything. Especially kids, seeing as how they are everywhere.

It's just how our society is now. The Internet makes it so easy to go online and find people who agree with us, and validate our rage. Everybody is offended by everything these days. And god forbid you point it out either, then they get offended by THAT :)

 




 I have life insurance through work. I still need to look into long term disability (since I'm single and live alone and own a house) and long term care insurance (if I ever can't take care of myself). 




 Having worked in an office that didn't have one, and now one that does - I'll take the one that does any day. Build away, people.

The office that didn't have one - mothers had no other place to store their breast milk but the fridge we all used. 

In my current office, it is actually the "phone room" in the sense that people go in there with their cell phone if they need to have a private conversation and are too lazy to walk downstairs and outside.  




