 I'll just put it this way -- my inability to meet people has screwed me over already in non-romantic aspects of my life. So I guess at this point I'd rather change things now than realize later in life that I missed out on a lot of opportunities to meet people when I was younger. 




 Not unless you're that alien diva from Fifth Element.. 




 It's funny that you say that because I was actually considering making a full Boba Fett armor this year to anonymously creep people out on campus for Halloween. Maybe I should really do it. xD 




 I will probably try to increase my sample size. I guess this means I'll just have to be more active in approaching others then since I rarely get approached at all. 




 I will try to work on it. And I'm way far away from NYC. I'm unfortunately stuck in the South for the time being. ): 




 I don't know why this happens, because these types of people are the only ones that ever approach me. I don't really ever take initiative with asking guys out although I'll hang around them until they ask me if I'm interested. 

Other types of guys have never really approached me though and I feel extremely awkward trying to go for people outside of what I'm familiar with. Usually I'm willing to give it a try if someone approaches me and I find them interesting and physically okay-looking. But right now this is the only type that I've been with, which is making me wonder if it's to do with my age group or if I'm putting out all the wrong signs. 




 It usually takes something extraordinary for me to approach people directly. If I like someone enough, I try to approach them by giving them more opportunities to be around me. 

I've been told I give off a very intimidating aura, even though I'm really just really kind of terrified of people though. I usually can't talk very freely with people I don't really feel comfortable with yet, and that's usually misinterpreted as a sign of that I'm completely disinterested and annoyed about talking. 




 Also, I've just kind of had to accept the risk of being objectified as a fetish because of my race. It's something that is pretty much impossible to avoid in the geek community and difficult to detect immediately sometimes. 




 Well, I only had one ex that was really into anime and even studied Japanese. You'd think he would have been more into me, but he actually showed the least interest. A good summation of our relationship would be that he never saw anything wrong with playing on his DS across the table from me when we went to lunch in public, leaving me to eat by myself on the other side in silence. The sad thing is that we met through the university Pokemon League. I really tried to make that one work because we had the same interests  and he was interesting to me for almost a year.

Another had a reputation of having that kind of fetish. And then another one developed an Asian fetish after dating me. One ex that cheated on me actually said that they hoped I'd never have the self-confidence to realize that I could be doing so much better. 




 It's hard to say. Most of my relationships would start out okay enough before the amount of stuff I could forgive without thinking about it too much started piling up. I've had an ex that was generous but it seemed more like he was going through the motions of boyfriend-ness without actually being sincere about it. I've also had one that would act kindly but then would be completely stingy when it came to financial stuff (like telling me to pay for condoms out of 'sexual equality' but then would never offering to pay for my birth control).

Like I said before, I rarely approach people, so a lot of my exes were people who initially expressed interest in me and then seemed to just lapse into disinterest/coldness as soon as I reciprocated and it became a stable relationship. I don't really think I'm "crazy" either, so that might not be it. I've been snapped at for asking for sex too much. Also told to "get off" for trying to hold his hand. 




