 The last doctor I talked to (pain specialist) was like "why do you want a diagnosis, would that make you feel better?" and "Sorry I don't have some kind of magical power that can fix you." I'm not even kidding. She really said that. And she is a university doctor!          
1. It would make me feel better if I were able to get proper treatment for the ailments that I have.       
2. I DIDN'T COME HERE BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU WERE MY FAIRY GODMOTHER! I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION YOU WERE A DOCTOR OF MEDICINE!        
And that is just the most recent doctors visit I have had the displeasure of experiencing. But it is a pretty good representation of the past dozen or so. All I want is for them to treat me like my illness is not somehow something I am managing to do to myself because I am a shitty person and actually treat me. It would also be wonderful if they even mildly respected my knowledge of my own body.       
I don't even know what to do now. I just can't get through to any of them. I told my pcp recently that I think I have POTS and she completely ignored me and continued asking me the same shit she does every time I see her and then telling me my diet is shitty and I need to exercise. Even though I am not even overweight. She also seems to be convinced that I have some kind of std despite the fact that I have had the same monogamous partner for a year and a half and haven't even had sex with him since I left home for treatment months ago. I'm also clearly not running around shooting up meth.        
Okay now I am just bitching. My point was that since doctors don't actually like to listen to people maybe I can get their attention with medical words and bright colors. So I made a very child like flow chart (it was going to look nicer but I was in a hurry). All my symptoms and traits are in green and connected to the corresponding condition. All of the conditions are related to the main one which is ehlers-danlos syndrome. One of my doctors knows I have it but doesn't give a shit to get me diagnosed.       
I figured if anything it puts things into perspective a bit.        
It's kinda dumb but I do plan to make a rheumatologist look at it.       
[Here is said masterpiece.](http://imgur.com/q6RpbJx)       
Don't laugh at me. Or do. Haha. I don't really care about anything anymore.      
EDIT: For the record I did see a psychiatrist at the University pain clinic and he seemed impress by how reasonable I am about everything and that I am actually knowledgeable about medacine and my own body. He thought all the ideas I had about treatment were good ones. So it's not like I'm not communicating with my doctors poorly.         
I am also at the point with my health that I would be relieved if it were some kind of horribly aggressive cancer. At least I would know the rest of my life would involve treatment rather than being told to fuck off. 




 That's who I have been seeing. The first one told me that my conditions are too bad for him to even know where to begin treating me so he just wasn't going to try. The ones I have been seeing are the university specialists and now they aren't bothering to try anything either.  




 They won't even fucking give me tramadol.  




 No problem. 




 Back and forth between Seattle and Boise. Or near them anyway.  




 Yeah I'm trying to take control of my health but I still need to have doctors that will take me seriously. I am thinking about drawing up a color coded flow chart for them to look at. Haha. 




 It's fine.     
And yeah I'm basically ready to take something even if it does have its downsides. The pain I have every day would be fine if it just lasted a week. I have a really high pain tolerance and if I had to withdraw from a drug I could deal with two weeks of horror. My pain is a consistent 6-7 pretty all the time which really isn't that bad. Except for the all the time part. I just want to be a normal person and do people things. I'm 23 and feel like I'm 63+ health problems. It's not okay anymore.  




 Ehlers-danlos. So I also have osteoarthritis and a bunch of shit that is already listed in the post.     
I'm in the US. 




 My pain is caused by a connective tissue disorder. Which is listed. I am not entirely sure what kind of depression or mental illness I have but I know that *before* I was on the cymbalta I was mentally unstable. Now I am fairly stable. Had I not started taking it there is a good chance I would be dead by now. I was already screaming and crying and punching myself in the head every night before I was on it. Which is why I fucking take it. 




 So are fingernails but thats not exactly what Im getting at. But thanks for downplaying my most severe life obstacles.  




 Oh no, I wont be getting off the cymbalta. Its the only good thing in my life. 




 My CRPS isn't my main problem. I got that diagnosis from a pediatric rheumatologist 7 years ago. My main issue is my widespread soreness in my muscles and joints. Which there is basically no treatment for. So I am pretty much fucked.        
My emotional distress would not be an issue if I could physically function in a way that resembles normalty beyond getting off the couch to pee. Because that's almost all I am capable of.  




 Maybe. But I don't want curls. 




 Thanks. 




 Um. I know that I got on the drugs in the first place because my depression was unmanageable and I was crying and screaming every night about nothing. It's not like I have the blues. I have a fairly severe mental disorder. 




 I just checked and the information about my thyroid is in my response.       
I definitely wont be getting off the drugs that keep my chemically balanced enough to stop me from tearing all my hair out and running into traffic. Thats pretty non negotiable. Mental health is important. 




 Didn't I? My thyroid levels are sub-clinical. I see an endocrinologist for it and its stable enough. It just worsens my anxiety and makes it difficult to stay hydrated. Its not the source of my pain. 




 My mom used to tell me I was the smartest and prettiest and blah blah when I was a kid all the time. Apparently I would respond with "No I'm not." I think she thought I had horrible self esteem issues. Which could have been the case. But I'm pretty sure I was just being realistic.     
Not sure why it went like that with me. From what I am reading your reaction is the norm. 




 Seriously. My sister used to call me fat all the time when I was a kid. Then puberty happened and I developed a delightful case of anorexia that lasted a couple years. But justice was served because she got pregnant around the same time and never lost the baby weight entirely.  




 I'm not really sure what you're getting at. Are you saying my pain isn't that bad?     
I'm 23, about 130 lbs, and my diet isn't perfect but I don't eat much sugar, I eat a lot of veggies, I try to eat a variety of grains, and I eat meat but not a ton. But I don't actually eat very much because I cant often stand long enough to cook for myself. Some days I just have a bowl of oatmeal because its easy. Today I had a sandwich someone gave me. I also try to eat plenty salt lately because its hard for me to stay hydrated if I don't. 




 Yeah I need some braces for my wrists and so on. Which I will discuss with my doctors tomorrow. I also am interested in possibly some elbow crutches or something of the like. And I don't know who I would have to see but I definitely want to be monitored to avoid addiction. My sister is a junkie and it doesn't look fun. So I'm not looking to ruin my life. I just want to have one. 




 Actually my CRPS is not that bad. Which I am thankful for. I get really brief flairs that don't hurt that bad usually in my feet but also in my hands and face.    
Oh, I also fit the criteria for fibromyalgia. But I contribute that mostly to the EDS.     
Most of my pain is actually from the Osteoarthritis and EDS. My joints are pretty worn down but one of the biggest issues is that because my tendons and ligaments wont do their jobs my muscles are constantly working overtime. So I basically feel like I worked out super hard for several hours yesterday. Every day. I also just tend to get random sharp aches like you get when you're sick. If you know what I mean. But mostly I hurt around my tendons and stuff, the larger ones especially like inside my hips (where it connects to my groin), my neck, the insides of my elbows, behind my knees, and so on.      
I am not being treated for my thyroid as it is currently sub-clinical. It mostly just makes it hard to stay hydrated and makes my anxiety worse. I'm not underweight or anything.      
I was on fluoexetine for a couple years as a teen. It makes my anxiety worse (so does trazadone). For some reason things tend to work the opposite on me sometimes. Like the allergy meds that are supposed to give you energy make me sleep.     
The cymbalta only makes it a tiny bit worse and I really like that it helps me hold on to my sanity a little so I will be staying on that. Other than that I am only taking vitamin D4 and C as well as melatonin to sleep and the occasional Tylenol or ibuprofin which generally do nothing except sometimes help my fevers.         
At the moment I am not sure how willing I am to try any other kind of medication for depression or anxiety. I have a lose grip on my mental state and I cant afford to lose that when my physical self is in such poor condition. I wont get into my depression right now but when I'm not on my cymbalta or if I take the wrong thing its not pretty.     
Like you said the narcotics wont help with the POTS or AD. Whats weird though is that they do help with some of the symptoms. The couple times I have had narcotics in the last six months I didnt get any fevers and when I would stand up I almost never got dizzy and lost my vision like I usually do. But other symptoms stayed like when my blood pools while I shower and it made it harder to pee than usual. Its like when I am not in crippling pain my brain can actually focus and maintain my body temperature and blood pressure better. Or something. Thats my uneducated guess. Ha.      
When I was given tramadol I think It was 100 mg every 6 hours. It always wore off in 4 though so I was back in pain for a couple hours until my next dose.       
I guess I kind of understand why doctors don't get how much pain I am in. I don't even know how it could be this bad. The times I have had pain pills I would stop taking them for a day or so because I would think "oh its not that bad, I don't need these I can just buck up and function fine without them". And then I get knocked on my ass again by how much everything hurts. This whole thing is so stupid. I am constantly exhausted of myself. I don't expect everything to feel better, I just want to be okay enough that I can live some of my life. I haven't lived long enough for this to be how the rest of it goes. I cant even put on a shirt sometimes. And then I have people telling me I should do yoga or some stupid shit. As if I'm just not motivated enough. Its not like I am too lazy to take a shower today. I just fucking cant. 




 I am just wondering if it can be done as waved as opposed to curls? Like instead of it getting wrapped around a curler is there like a double curler where the hair does a figure 8 around two of them? Is this a thing? 




 Hi.
So I have been wondering if hair can be permed in a way that instead of being curly it can be wavy. Like when you wear two french braids all night and the next day it has nice tight waves. I don't really know how perms work so this is probably a long shot.     
The other issue is that I don't even know if it would work for me. My hair is about three feet long and I have been dying it forever. Its actually surprisingly healthy though because genetics and the fact that I don't keep up with dying it that well because its close enough to my natural color. I also bleached it for the first time ever after years of dying it black but there was no noticeable breakage. It bleached great at the roots. The rest not so much so its sort of doing a stripey ombre thing. Which is fine.       
My hair is just sooooo straight. All I want is for it to look big but I look dumb in curls.      
         
[This would be nice.](http://cdn.hairstylestars.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Long-Wavy-Hairstyles.jpg) Or maybe even a little tighter. 




 Ah. Yeah its just a basic hardware store. 




 I am a 23 year old female and it made sense to me too. I'm really not even sure why its supposed to be funny. Looks like I should go to the doctor and make sure I'm not actually a dad. 




 Well I am wondering what the second line therapy is then? I have taken all of the OTC options. I am on Cymbalta, which makes my pain worse but keeps me sane. Amitriptyline made me depressed. With Gabapentin it made me so loopy that I couldn't even taper up to the regular beginning dose and it also gave me really bad myoclonus so I stopped trying. So what is the next option?     
Also my chronic pain is not ill defined. I failed to include my conditions because its hard to remember them all. I will edit that in. 




 I like my men and my women to have their natural armpit hair. 




 I really is sexy and feminine. 




 I'm not sure what you mean by rewards. A couple years ago I quit shaving everything except for my bikini line and directly around my vulva. Nothing has really changed, I don't feel less rewarded. The only real difference is that I am more comfortable and feel sexier.     
I am not arguing or anything. I am just curious as to what the benefits are to shaving. 




 Same. It seems all the ladies on here that don't shave are saying its because of the discomfort. Which for me is a factor. But the main reason I don't shave my pits is because I think it is sexy and womanly. My armpit hair looks pretty good to me, I also like to bleach it because I hear blondes have more fun but I'm not that committed. I also just don't understand why I am supposed to shave them. Its such an odd social standard that that women aren't supposed to have body hair. How is it more feminine? Can someone explain this to me with a real answer? I may have to make an askreddit post. Which I'm sure will go over badly. 




 Hello, chronic pain sufferer here. I am 23 and have a crappy number of health problems. They have always been an issue but for a long time I kind of just thought I was lazy or bad at taking care of myself, but it turns out that is not the case. About ten months ago my pain, fatigue, and other symptoms got significantly worse.    
That is when my life stopped. I left my job, dogs, home that I share with my boyfriend, and basically my entire life and came 2000 miles back to where I am from so I could seek medical treatment and be supported by family. All I want is to get better and go back to work and my relationship. Now it looks like I will have to go on disability.    
The issue I am trying to get at is that I am having a hard time getting my doctors to take me seriously. I have two pain specialists, one I will be seeing tomorrow as well as a psychiatrist at the same pain clinic, and I also have a GP. The specialists are great and seem to care but they also don't seem to think my pain is as severe as it is. My GP seems to think I am on heroin or something. She treats me like everyone else that thinks I just don't know how to take care of myself does.     
What I am getting at (sorry, ranting a bit, brain fog) is that I have tried every non narcotic medication I know of besides Lyrica and none of it helps. I would rather not take narcotics but if it means being able to go to the store AND shower in the same day then I will gladly go for it. I was given tramadol briefly and it was great. I know it is still addictive and all that but it helped enough of my pain that I could actually take care of myself enough to feel like my life was worth living. Another great thing about it is that it didn't get me high like opiates do (or at all). Which is awesome because I don't want to be high.     
I just don't know what to do because I'm doing about everything I can to get better but doctors don't seem to trust me or take me seriously enough to help. I don't think that medication will solve everything, but if I had them I could go to physical therapy, be more active in trying to fix my health, and so on.      
I'm hoping someone might have some insight on my situation. I know there are a lot of liability issues doctors have to worry about, but maybe there are other factors and reasons I don't know about? How do you normally go about pain management? Why cant my doctors take me seriously?        
Sorry for all the text, I meant for it to be much shorter but my thoughts aren't very linear at the moment.     
        
And one more quick question. Why cant I find fevers listed as a symptom for autonomic dysfunction? I know the autonomic nervous system regulates body temperature. I know I have autonomic dysfunction. And I know I have low grade fevers off and on every day. Am I missing something? Is that not what my fevers are from?           
EDIT: I guess I should add my conditions. Complex Regional Pain Syndrome, TMJ, Hyperthyroid, Early Onset Osteoarthritis, Depression, Anxiety, Autonomic Dysfunction, POTS, and last but not least (the source of most of my problems as well as the one that took the longest to figure out) Ehlers Danlos Syndrome Hypermobility Type.       
That's everything I have been diagnosed with so far as long as I'm not forgetting anything. 




 I just looked it up. That's like the prettiest one. So many more neat pictures.  




 I was already only on 100 mg a couple times a day which is less than the starting dose anyway. So I'm sure it's fine that I stopped taking it. Especially considering it is a seizure medication that is giving me bad side effects, I imagine it's better I be off it sooner than later. I haven't been taking enough to need to taper off so it's all good.  




 Well your pain is very real and a lot of us had to realize that we weren't just being sissys. I am 23 also and have found a ton of comfort in online communities, primarily this one. So you have us now and we know exactly what you are going through.       
On the subject of the whole yeast infection thing, which may not apply to you seeing as it is chronic. Which could mean that's not even what it is. But whenever I get one (which happens whenever I use the wrong soap/laundry detergent, take antibiotics, or swim in a lake, so often enough) I peel a clove of garlic and use it as a suppository. It is the best remedy I have found for it. I know it sounds gross and hippie but it is the best for me.      
But anyway,  if you need someone to talk to feel free to PM me.  




 :)
 




 I'm actually kind of pissed off at them. No, I am pissed off at them. People are idiots. Do they not understand what CHRONIC means? It means constant pain. All the time. Every day. Fuck them. I wish I could talk to them. I really do. If I could just magically call them and have a conversation I would absolutely do that. They have no idea about how much pain effects so many people. I mean I'm sure they know. But as soon as they know someone with it they assume it must not be that bad just because they sprained their ankle once.     
Sorry, I'm kinda ranting. It just pisses me off. Don't let them get to you. You know how real your pain is. I know how real your pain is. We don't need that shit. Don't let their ignorance make your day worse. And don't forget how strong you are for living your life despite what your body puts you through.  




 I do it really bad in my sleep also as it generally only happens when I am relaxed. I think that the normal falling asleep jerk is actually a different thing though. That happens when your body starts relaxing quickly and your brain interprets it as falling so your whole body jumps. Or something like that. But a lot of people have little jerks and twitches while they sleep. My best friend got mad at me because I slept in her bed and kept her awake all night. Haha. 




 Feel free to x-post it if you like.  




 Wow, that's crazy.  




 I like it. It's fun and exciting. The mystery about it is fun. My boyfriend and I were so bad at having sex with each other at first. Learning how to get in sync was fun. Now we have it down to a science.  




 I live there too and it drives me crazy. 




 That's awesome.  




 I'm not supposed to talk about it.  




 It's pretty amazing. That was the first one I found that prompted me to find more.  









 Awesome. I will find your Facebook page then. 




 Yeah I figure I will find the right doctor eventually. Sooner than later would be ideal. It will be much easier once I am staying with my mom because she will keep me motivated and take me everywhere. Once I do find a good doctor and get disability I will just have to cross my fingers and hope that once I go back home my doctor there will be willing to continue whatever treatment I am getting. Having a disability is so convoluted.         
And thanks. Maybe I will look into the modeling stuff when I get home. I still don't really know if my appearance is still up to par. I am mostly concerned with my skin but I guess that is what photoshop is for. Haha. I really like being naked and posing nude, my boyfriend on the other hand feels a little differently about the subject. So that's a little bit of an issue but I don't think it will be too problematic. As long as the photographers are legit which I'm sure is generally a non issue if they are contracted by SG.       
I really appreciate your advice. Especially with the idea of modeling again. I wonder if maybe we could stay in contact a bit. It would be great to have someone with EDS to talk to sometimes. Especially seeing as you're sort of my kind of people.  




 How quick people are to be confrontational and take sides. People behave so differently in the big subs than they do in smaller ones. It makes behavior that would never be acceptable in a regular online setting become suddenly okay.       
I like askreddit because there is a lot of neat and funny content and I love reading interesting stories people have from their lives that I would otherwise get to know about.  But it can get ugly fast and it happens all too often. The littlest things are unacceptable it's silly. Like if you include a 'haha' in your comment there is a good chance you will get downvoted. There is just a strange superiority complex among the familiar ask redditors. I once had a bunch of downvotes because my comment had a typo/grammar mistake. It makes you worried that you have to be careful if you want to be part of the discussion.     
On that note I'm not going to proof read this before I hit submit.  




 It hurts when I wipe. 




 Yes. Not often, but it's normal.  




 Their use of the English language. I have heard a disturbing number of people say "conversate" in place of converse. It makes my IQ hurt.     
On a side note I also hate when people even say converse. Some say it naturally but I feel like a lot of them are just trying to sound smart. Though I may just be slightly delusional.  




 Exactly. They would end up creating all the technology we would need to do all of our regular functioning for us. I suppose I am picturing the people in Wall-e more so than Idiocracy. 




 Me too. I highly recommend using Hershey's dark chocolate cocoa powder to make hot chocolate and add a little bit of orange extract. It is seriously the best hot cocoa I have ever had. I am kinda obsessed with it. 




 My wrinkles smell weird.  




 Not to mention the people that "are just being honest" and "telling the truth" think that somehow being truthful justifies being a hurtful piece of shit.  




 It's weird because they have seen me cry when I start talking about how all I want to do is just going back to work. I have pain specialists but they don't drug test because they don't prescribe anything, they just tell my pcp if they think I should be prescribed anything. I wish they would drug test me. I am going to find another doctor a state over where I will be for a while so I will offer to take drug tests. I did learn that if I bring my mom with me to the doctor they will take me seriously and trust me with narcotics. (My mom took me to an urgent care because she couldn't deal with me being in so much pain constantly and they gave me tramadol). Hopefully when I establish a new doctor and bring my mom with it will work out. I also have an appointment with my pain specialist on Monday as well as a psychiatrist with the pain clinic. I'm worried they will still think I shouldn't be on the stuff that works and allows me to function at least a little. At this point I don't expect to be able to go back to work but I at least expect to be treated well enough as a patient that I can get decent enough management that I can go to the store and take a shower in the same day.      
I really don't get how everyone else is able to get treatment but me. Maybe that's not very accurate but it's how I feel. I am always completely honest with them. I tell them that I want less pain but I also want to be careful with meds because my dad is an alcoholic and my sister is on heroin. While my dad is very functional the last thing I want is to end up like my sister. I am seeking drugs so I can have a life, not ruin it. I get that the regulations on narcotics are pretty serious and I know they don't want to give those meds to someone my age but shit. It sucks being 23 and feeling like my life is over. I am already going to have to go on disability and I already left my job and home where my partner is to come 2000 miles to get better.       
My pain makes my depression so much worse. And the fucking brain fog. I can't even think straight. I'm so irritable all the time. My jaw hurts so bad sometimes that I end up on a slimfast diet for weeks at a time. Half the time I don't even want to eat because it all puts me in a weird mood. I can't wait to see the psychiatrist. I think they will understand better. I hope.       
And about the modeling thing. Part of me really wants to but I am not nearly as photogenic as I used to be. I am also not as fit and my skin is bad now. So even if I could become a suicide girl I probably wouldn't be a very successful one. My boobs are totally saggy. Hahaha. 




 They assume I am a drug seeker before I even open my mouth.  




 Thanks. 




 Also, I was just thinking, if the straightforward thing doesn't work there is a 'final straw' option. When they keep trying to hassle drugs from you  just say "The medication I have I need for myself and I am not allowed to share them, but if you would like to go get some of your own I would gladly break your nose for you. At least I would be kind enough to know that you will need them and not ask for any."       
That should effectively get someone to fuck off. 




 Exactly. And in most cases they are just curious. For me the worst is when they just want to give me advice like they know what I am going through because they pulled a muscle once. I hate being treated like I'm just not taking care of myself. As if I would be in this much pain and not be doing everything in my power to fix it. Like if I were to just exercise it would fix everything (except how that is what caused the problem). But apparently I am just lazy. 




 I creeped your history, SG, very cool. I thought about modeling with them when I was 18 and cuter. That sucks that you are open about it publicly and people give you shit. And seriously, a grill... it's 2015. Marilyn Manson and Flavor Flave rocked it back in the day but that shit really isn't cute anymore. Obviously people like that aren't to be taken seriously.       
Keep doing your thing and the people that just want to be confrontational can go fuck themselves. It doesn't even mean anything, no matter what you do someone will find something they think you are doing wrong. It's unfortunate that in this case they are poking at an issue that is already a struggle in your life that causes you hardship. I really find that the best way to deal with it is to be blunt, straightforward, and honest. If they are persistent even after that cut them off and don't even tolerate it. It's not worth it for you. And I know it's hard to burn bridges rather than pleasing everyone but it's a quality of life thing just like the medication you have to take every day.         
Now that I saw a couple of your pictures I actually have a question for you. How did you get your doctors to take you seriously and trust you enough to give you narcotics? I am a young, small, and "alternative" (or fucking whatever people call it but I hate that term) female also. I have several conditions that cause chronic pain (I'm about to be diagnosed with EDS as well) and my doctors are all pretty familiar with what is going on with me. Yet despite being aware of the fact that I can't even dress myself some days they don't think I need narcotics. The only non narcotic I haven't tried for my pain is Lyrica, aside from acupuncture and other alternative medicines. What sucks is that I don't even need anything too strong. Even Tylenol 3 will make me well enough to go to the grocery store. All I really want though is tramadol because it doesn't get me high. I know I'm young but jesus. I just want my life back at least a little. Why can't doctors take me seriously?  My pain specialists are alright but my pcp  totally thinks I am on heroin for some reason. Most regular family practice doctors seem to and most specialists don't take me seriously.      
I guess I am just wondering if you have any tips or insight. I have been wanting to talk to someone else that has tattoos and weird hair colors and so on that also has chronic pain for a while now.      
On a side note, why are there so many cute girls with EDS? Haha. 




 Yeah I have an appointment with her on Tuesday. But I'm just going to stop taking them.     
For some reason things effect me the opposite of how they should. Prozac and Trazadone make me anxious. Day time allergy meds make me sleep. Now gabapentin. I take cymbalta too and it makes my pain worse but it keeps me sane so I stay on it. I am a bit of a medical conundrum, you would think doctors would take interest and want to try and treat me but instead they just think I am dumb and full of shit.  




   ^_^ 




 Are you near a university with a pain clinic? That's what I go to. They are kinda weird as they don't order any test or write any prescriptions themselves, instead they basically just tell my primary to do it. It's strange and usually it would piss me off, but my appointments with them last an hour long and they ACTUALLY listen and care and try and solve the problem. Which is awesome.       
I don't know if they are necessarily like that at other universities but if they are it's probably worth it. 




 I have been getting them for a while now and they keep getting worse. At first it was just in my legs and stomach, now it's everywhere and ever since it started happening in my shoulders and stuff (near my head) I am more stressed out about it. It happens the worst when I am relaxing. I seriously look like I have tourettes or something.      
I had done some research before and saw a couple things that might make sense but I started to look it up again today and I realized it might be from my gabapentin. I have been on it for a month or two but I am only on 100 mg three times a day. I am trying to work up to the 350mg dose but they make me way too loopy. Even if I take it at bedtime when I wake up to pee I end up stumbling down the hallway.      
Anyway, I was looking for articles about gabapentin causing twitching and such and I read something one person said. It was something like "My doctor said it was a good thing I came in when it first started happening because they could have become permanent." So that sounds great. I know I shouldn't be worried just because of something one person said and I couldn't find anything else about it. But still.        
I called my doctor but she's not in today. I think I will just stop taking it since I am already on a really low dose.    
So I am just wondering if anyone else has gotten the weird twitching thing from gabapentin or know anything about all that.  




 People should be more understanding. And from my experience honesty works really well when it comes to getting someone to take you seriously. Even children work that way.      
I'm not opposed to lying in certain situations which would need to be gaged from person to person and whatever other factors. But that would be my second choice as to how to deal with that.      
Yes people are dicks and it's easy to just get them to lay off the easy way but as far as I am concerned honesty works just as well. I try not to be spiteful. There is also the bonus factor that if they do come to an understanding that people on narcotics don't all think it's fun and want to share or even talking about it, maybe they will think twice about bothering the next person with a prescription.  




 Yeah I would have to cover my entire body with them. Hahaha. 




 Seriously! I hate when I am crying while telling my doctors about my pain and they just want to talk about my mental health. My depression is not the cause of my pain. As a matter of fact it is the other way around. Actually, I have never been as insane as I have been since my pain started getting bad.     
I am so tired of being tossed around from specialist to specialist like a damn potato. It's like every one of them is going "Not it! You touched it last!". I am beyond ready for one of those fucks to just give me a damn prescription for tramadol already. But like you were saying, it just doesn't work that way. I feel like they won't even take me seriously despite the fact that I had to derail my whole life because of my pain. At this point I'm not even expecting to get fixed enough to go back to work. It would be nice to be able to go to the store or even take a shower though. I know tramadol is still addictive and blah blah withdrawal and so on. But I would much rather have a physical drug dependency and a life than constant intolerable pain and no life. Also, it doesn't even get me high! Which is totally cool.    
Did I mention that I'm 23? So there goes my life and apparently I will have to wait 20 years for a doctor to be willing to give me narcotics to actually manage my pain. If the non narcotics worked I wouldn't still be asking for pain relief. I would rather have my job back and not deal with drugs or pain but that's not an option. All I get is pain and no management.       
Sheesh. I am kinda angry all the time.     
Sorry for hijacking your rant. 




 Yeah I wouldn't even tolerate that. Just be blatant about the fact that it is entirely medical and something you require to function. Not something fun for you to share with the world. Also point out that it is highly personal and not something you want to talk about.       
Why did someone call you a junkie for wearing a pain patch? People are awful.  




 I don't think that makes a difference.  




 Is this supposed to be shitty things?      
I talk to a lot of other people with many health problems so it doesn't seem that weird because there are tons of people dealing with chronic pain and other health issues. But I suppose the combination of health problems I have is unlikely. Some of them are rare, some commonly come with the others.      
Here's my list: CRPS, POTS, TMJ, fibromyalga, ehlers-danlos hypermobility type, autonomic dysfunction, osteoarthritis, migraines, and hyperthyroidism. Not sure if I'm forgetting anything but basically I am a hot mess. I have a pretty full schedule of being in constant pain so I don't do much.     
Genetically I am pretty interesting so there's that. The CRPS (effecting 1 in 4000) and the ehlers-danlos (1 in 10000-15000) are the most uncommon things I have so far.      
There are all kinds of symptoms I deal with every day between my conditions and my meds including the ones that aren't painful, just annoying. Not to mention the mental conditions on top of all that that I didn't list. There is almost no part of my life that is not effected by it all. I won't get into the details unless anyone is interested.  




 Same. That is way too much life. It's not like I'm suicidal or anything. But after a couple hundred years I'm sure I would be.  




 On anyone. It's not even necessarily the accent that bothers me, it's the improper sentence structure and mixed up words. Also the use of words that aren't real like 'conversate'. A lot of times if you pay attention they will use double negatives and subtly say the opposite of what they actually mean. It irks me. 




 I'm not even sure I understand what you mean.  




 Haha. Dressing like a  whore is fun sometimes.  




 Not really messy. I am female and my sister is seven years older than me. I was 18 or 19 at the time. My sister had already had a kid by then so breastfeeding hadn't effected her nipples. We used some ice to coax them out and then I pierced them like you would with any other nipples. Now the piercings kinda hold her nipples out. I used regular bar bells and hollow needles. 16 gauge which is the normal size.  




 When I go to hand someone something and they make me wait for a bit before they put their hand out to take it. Or when someone has something to hand me and I put my hand out and they just set it down in front of me. I'm kinda irritable sometimes.       
On that note I hate when people give me advice when I don't ask for it. Particularly when it comes to all of my significant health problems including chronic pain. I really want people to stop recommending yoga and acupuncture. It is way to frequent of an issue for me. I am very active in trying to find the right treatment to get better but somehow people treat me like I am failing to do so. 




 Haha. Fun. My sister used to have innies until I pierced them. Now they're normal.  




 Never. 




 That's amazing. I have light nipples too but not that light. Someone told me my nipples look like bologna once. That was nice.  




 Same. I love how my boyfriend smells. I also like how I smell and the combination of both of us. Armpits smell nice a lot of the time. My best friend has nice smell. 




 Nope. 




 I had a boyfriend who had a dad we would house sit for occasionally. For some reason the back room and the bathroom were just really creepy and uncomfortable. Nothing too crazy, the house wasn't too old and it was a small place. In the back room there was a closet with a shelf up top that could be taken down. If you did that and flipped it over there was two child sized footprints burnt into the wood. No one knew how it got there and it clearly wasn't done with a wood burner or anything. So there was that.    
My personal experience was in the bathroom though. Whenever I showered in there I was always incredibly creeped out. Every time I had to slide open the shower curtain I would get the most unsettling feeling, and I'm not one to get creeped out easily. In my opinion even if there are ghosts or what have you I would have no reason to believe they are anything to be scared of. The thing that finally scared the shit out of me involved this weird shower timer. It was this little, plastic, round wheele that suctioned to the wall in the shower and it had a five minute sand timer mounted inside of it so you could start it when you got in and be finished by the time it ran all the way through. I didn't actually use because it was unnecessary. So it's just sitting on the wall with all the sand in the bottom and I am trying to get done with my shower because I am feeling creeped out. I had just been looking at the timer and I turn around to rinse my hair which couldn't have taken more than 30 seconds. When I turn back the timer had been flipped and somehow had ran half of the way through. For a few seconds I froze and just stared at it in disbelief. Once I finally believed what I was seeing I got the fuck out of that bathroom as soon as possible.      
I still have no idea what that was about.  




 Trying to relax so I can get off. 




 Someone once told me "A cannibal would have a field day with your thighs."     
As you may imagine, I have fairly large thighs. I am fully comfortable with that fact. Though that comment was slightly off putting.      
That was also the same person that introduced me to Reddit. So hi Tom.  




 I work at a dog rescue. So most of it, but primarily compassion.       
Also hosing down the pooper scoopers without misting myself with poo water. I learned that one the hard way.  




 No I agree. I'm just saying from my personal standpoint it would be fine once or twice in an emergency. But obviously it's past that and they are just taking advantage.  




 Jabba the duck. Jeez. (You know you can't swear on the Internet.) 




 I like your commitment.  









 Yeah I have heard of people that can smell it. Personally my menstrual blood doesn't smell much. Occasionally it will smell a little and I can tell. But even if it did all the time I wouldn't really care.  




 The bears can smell their menstruation.  




 Fellow gwc girl here and wow. Great body. 




 Yeah if it's happening constantly they are obviously just taking advantage and they have crossed the line. But if it happened a couple times I wouldn't care.  




 Seriously. It could look absolutely identical and she will still know it's not her cat. Turns out they actually have personalities. But I'm pretty sure this post is fake anyway.  




 I mean when someone needs a tampon it's fair game. Girl code and all. I wouldn't care if someone I didn't really know got into my drawers to find a tampon. But when it's happening all the time and they are using a bunch of other toiletries too that's not kosher. Bitches know how expensive that sort of thing is. I would totally put a lock on my door. 




 People already think they are in some high position to give people advice when they are in a shitty situation. Like somehow being a healthy person qualifies them to coach a sick person. It is stupid and backwards. I am 23 and have to deal with this plenty.      
People also tend to do this with teens. As if anything they say is going to make a difference. Having been teens before we should remember that we didn't give a fuck about any of the advice given by adults. It's not the point. We have to figure our shit out on our own.     
That sucks that you are in a situation where both of those things apply to you. People are shitty. It's not even just when you're a teen. Everyone like that stays shitty. You could be 35 and you would probably still be getting the same generic bullshit 'advice' from people like that.      
Just try and brush it off. You have your own thoughts on your situation and that's all that matters. Keep coping and handling it in your own way. Luckily there are places like this where there are people to talk to that know what it is like and many of us can disregard your age because that's not what's relevant.  




 That was very helpful. Thank you. Luckily I have good insurance for the time being so if there is medical equipment I need then I'm not too worried about it.     
Also I just had to leave my job working with dogs. I love those stupid squishy faces. 




 Damn.  




 After I had my own miscarriage I looked up a lot of pictures and saw many like this. So this picture wasn't very 'WTF' to me. Just gross to think about.  




 Personally I would just ask one of the bag boys for help out. But I generally have my boyfriend shopping with me so he takes care of those things.  




 If/when I get to the point where I am more confined to a chair or scooter I would probably just ask an employee for one of those tall poles with the hook on it to borrow it while I shop. I'm sure some places have a policy against that but there are often little solutions like that.      
On the whole having more benches thing I absolutely agree. I have a connective tissue disorder and get tired really easy so I am often looking for somewhere to sit. A lot of the time I find a wall or something to sit by if I need to and just deal with the weird looks I get.  




 I'm almost 5'1'' and I don't have a problem asking. I just put on the cute girl act and people are always nice.  




 People like that make me want to freak out. I can't understand how anyone could have the kind of mindset to think it is okay to behave that. Even most children know better. You would think they would at least have really solid evidence to back themselves up before resorting that behavior. It's like they are asking to be made to look like a piece of shit.  




 Exactly. I generally walk myself but at times I could use a wheelchair. I'm currently looking into a cane or platform crutches. I have gotten dirty looks getting up from the grocery store scooter to get something off the shelf. It's ridiculous that people automatically think that just because you are using a chair or scooter means you shouldn't be able to walk or stand. In my case it doesn't help that I am 23, look healthy, and have tattoos and piercings. Despite how someone looks they could easily have serious health problems as much as the next person.  




 No. It's not flat. 




 Even obese people who are handicapped because of their weight deserve some level of respect. Chances are they have an eating disorder. It's the same as people like me who have a problem with picking at their skin religiously or someone who starves themselves. It's an impulse control thing. Yeah they eat too much. Some of them are dicks about it like anyone else. But it's still their personal problem and clearly it is severe. They could also have a thyroid deficiency or a head injury that causes them to gain weight. If they need a scooter or a closer parking space because their joints are bad due to their size then that is their business.  




 My mom used to watch E.R. when I was a kid. There was a scene where a surgeon got his arm chopped off by the tail propeller of a helicopter and then he immediately threw up. It freaked me out. Somehow House of 1000 Corpses didn't bother me. 




 Ratios.  




 Drugs. 




 Constantly. Especially when I am having an imaginary argument with someone. For the record, I always win. 




