 Any tips for while I'm in school besides breathing? Also no recreational drug use? 




 Thanks ill try this! 




 I'll go and listen to it sometime!  




 a lot of people my age are really into imagine dragons, i havent really heard them but im going to Lollapalooza this year and theyre playing. i might check them out! 




 Passion Pit- Little Secrets  




 No way! so am i! I saw icona pop open for Passion Pit a few months back and i fell in love instantly. Not usually my genre but its so good! 




 thats a new way to look at it! I'm honestly more concerned about my health rather than the humiliation part of it, I'm a vocalist and performer so having to constantly throw up its the best for me 




 thanks for the tip! i'll try it 




 Icona Pop!!! 




 I have a therapist and she has explained that it's natural and that i should try not to let things get me anxious. easier said than done.... 




 While i'm at school i have this problem of getting really high anxiety over something and having to leave class and vomit for 10 or so minutes. It only happened rarely at first but it has slowly gotten to about 2 or 3 times a week. Anyone have (or had) a similar problem? It's very difficult to deal with and i'd like it to stop 




 fuck you 




 getting colder! 




 sorry kid, try again 




 asssssshoooolllleeee 




 dont be an asshole  









 Thank you, with a new life comes new problems, but I wouldn't go back to where I was for anything in the world  




 exactly, i switched schools and im in a much better situation 




 thank you so much! 




 That must be heartbreaking, I'm sorry  




 My god, thank you so much.  




 thank you! 




 PM me if you think theyre something i need to keep in mind or specific things pertaining to a certain sentence/paragraph. overall comments can be on the thread 




 yes it is an I Search paper! i dont understand the point of doing that vs a research paper but you know, i do what i have to 




 you can do either. and i am fully aware that we cant use I in normal research papers. This one it set up differently ( i dont know why this is just how she assigned it) the first two paragraphs (what i know and what i want to know) can use i you us etc. as well as the last paragraph 




 new link! 




 sorry! ill try and fix it 




 I wrote a paper on how mental illnesses affect teenagers and i would love if i could get feedback/criticism before i turn it in

Thank you so much for your help!



Here is the link:
http://www.writing.com/main/view_item/item_id/1924397-Isearch-Paper


Edit:I think i fixed the link  




 that truly terrible 




 10/10 




 Oh god.... 




 The fuck? 




 Well gross  




 I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS 




 Lovely :D 




 I switched schools thankfully  




 Man fuck you and your fairly tale life 




 Guess my ironic sense of humor doesn't bode well with you  




 Perfectly awkward  




 PIMP! 




 get it where you can amirite? 




 sounds lovely :D 




 golden 




 it sounds like a middle school experience!!! how old were you 




 awks 




 being a teenager it goes without saying that mine was incredibly awkward. what was yours like? 




 sleeping :D 




 I'm really into tattered combat boots 




