 I read this as "I loved and thrusted her".  




 X by Ed Sheeran 




 23, Single, I would go as long as I needed to pay my student loan debt completely. Afterwards ...... Well, I think you know what that means.  




 I don't know what's funnier: this comment or your username.  




 Last month, side effect of medicine, home 




 I remember when I was around 9 years of age, I woke up in the middle of the night due to a violent thunderstorm. My mum came into my room and watched the thunderstorm with me. It was small, but it meant a lot.  




 A Tale of Two Citiez, easily. The middle of the cd is basically my favorite: A Tale of Two Citiez, Fire Squad,   St. Tropez  




 I came here to say 2014 Forest Hills Drive by J.Cole. OP, you beat me to the chase. What's your favorite song on the album? 

Other artists that I have been listening to lately are the 1975, Lil Wayne, and Lana Del Rey 




 I love that album  




 Play with my hair and I am yours  




 My ex girlfriend and her friends took one of my belongings and would not give it back. Instead, they kept on tossing it around. She was trying to assert her dominance over me so she said that if I wanted it back, I needed to be a man and come take it. I could not understand why the girl I trusted the most, and these other people that I also trusted, wanted to embarrass me. 

As I was walking my girlfriend to her next class, I went into the stairwell and lost it. The worst part was that we were exchanging Christmas gifts later that night.  




 Mine started around that time as well. Similar to you, I didn't start getting help until I was 21; the main reason for that was I thought it was some sort of schizophrenia.  




 Has anyone ever cried while doing a compulsion? If so, tell us your experience.  




 I have gone to therapy on and off for about two years. I'm 23. I should have started earlier when I was referred to go, but I didn't. 

I went to therapy for OCD and Depression. For depression, therapy has been wonderful. Therapy for OCD has been somewhat helpful. I will say that I have learned so many things about myself and my past; I never would have learned these things if I did not go to therapy and I understand myself so much better.  




 I have OCD too. When were you first diagnosed? 




 I don't cry but I definitely agree with you OP. Crying definitely helps cleanse the soul. 

The last time I cried was over six years ago when my girlfriend (ex now) humiliated me in front of all of my friends.  




 If I feel like giving a compliment to either a guy or girl, I will give the compliment. If I give you a compliment, that does not mean I want to bang you.  




 Either very energetic and touchy (but not in a sexual way) 

or very quiet and calm.  




 How It's Going Down 




 No matter what you do, you cannot force someone to love you; one of the most painful feelings is loving someone who doesn't love you back.  




 *Ask a girl out: 13
*Go on a date: 16
*First kiss: 14
*Hold hands: 14
*Have a first GF: 13
*Sex: 17  




 I dance around my house all of the time 




 You Guessed It  




 Some people advise not to drink by yourself. What are your personal opinions on drinking alone?  




 I definitely do tell my dad I love him on the phone; it may not happen every time but it happens most.  




 I used to be fat but I lost a significant amount of weight. I'm still hanging on to some chest fat and I hate it 




 I just answered this in another comment on my post, you should be able to see it. 

However, my issue with this Duluth website is that it implies that only men commit abuse.  




 I linked [two](http://justicewomen.com/handbook/part2_e.html)

[articles](http://www.gainesville.com/article/20140620/ARTICLES/140629975) that provided evidence. You are right with the comment that the Duluth model focuses "on a female centric idea of abuse". That is where the main logic in innocent arrests is born. Police are trained to believe that men are always in the wrong, even when the police do not have have sufficient evidence.   




 I normally don't talk about this because I seem to be surrounded by radical feminists, however, I am a supporter of the Mens Right Activist Movement. I think, similar to most movements, you will not understand the validity of the movement until you have a personal experience with the problem. 

However, when you have laws such as [the Duluth Model](http://www.theduluthmodel.org/about/) that enable police to arrest an innocent man, you will start to see the need. 
When your wife is beating you and you know that you cannot defend yourself because you will be imprisoned, that is when you will need help from this movement. 

Also, I do not think that most people understand truly understand what feminism is. My beliefs are confirmed when I hear feminists claim that they ["drink male tears"](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--l5XyX-6W--/851773464789881491.jpg). Most people who argue that they are feminists tend to use radical feminism to insult men. True feminists will not do this, however, I don't know if modern feminism is true feminism. 

Ultimately, people view men as if they are the source of evil. However, women commit just as many wrongs. Mens Rights is not simply about oppressing women, it's about justice.  




 Maybe something is wrong with me, but I've smelled old clothing items that have my semen on them and sometimes it smells like fruit 




 I'm 23. I've had OCD since I was 17. I started taking medicine at 22. I also am clinically depressed. My parents have no knowledge of this, whatsoever. I've paid for the medical expenses myself. 

For those who have told their parents/families about their OCD, could you share your experiences? Did you find that it helped?  




 My entire family likes to be involved in my dating life, therefore, I stopped bringing girls around completely. After they realized why I did this, they stopped. Now, things are normal when it comes to my dating life.  




 I always do 




 Kraken   Dr. Pepper. You will thank me later.  




 Hello there! I just wanted to say that I have shared this same obsession for quite awhile now. I wrote [a post](http://www.reddit.com/r/OCD/comments/2leh5b/my_ocd_story_a_journey_into_scrupulosity/) similar to this. I'm not writing this to promote my post or anything but I just wanted to share it so that you can know that you aren't alone. However, I still have these obsessions so I cannot offer advice as to how to overcome hell obsessions.  




 Very sensitive  




 This is caled scrupulosity. I suffer from it too and it's the worst thing. I'm currently doing Exposure Response Prevention (ERP) therapy and part of the therapy is to write down my intrusive thoughts multiple times so that they don't bother me anymore.  




 Whenever I open up, I either feel like a burden or I feel as if people don't want to deal with my sadness; therefore, I usually just avoid it.  




 As a child, but never as an adult 




 But, what if I want flowers? 




 Same here, I've tried to become more comfortable naked but it's not my thing 




 I like to see pubic hair in the form of Nike symbols 




 I wouldn't have a problem with it 




 The last time I peed the bed was when I was 18. I had a dream and I thought I was using the bathroom, but alas.  




 My mother, when I was either 6 or 7 




 I remember when I made my first friend with OCD and I shared this same feeling. For me, it reassured me that I was not alone. OCD is almost similar to a foreign language; you have to speak the language to understand the struggle.  




 Religion, Violence, Sexual 




 It lasted from when I was 16 all the way until 19. I'm 23 now. We were everything to each other: first love, first sex, etc. Things were going well until she started treating me like dirt. We had been on and off and I tried to give her so many chances but she never changed. 

The first love is always memorable because that is the first time you love with complete vulnerability.  




 Could I have proof of the correlation between brain tumors and bottling up emotions?  




 Trunks 




 I would return to the age of 18 and tell myself the following 4 things: 
1) I know you love ice cream, but stop eating so much of it
2) She really doesn't love you
3) Don't get too close to him, it won't last
4) You're not crazy  




 I wish I could give this the gold  




 Many guys in today's culture are afraid of being perceived as gay; we are losing our humanity. You know your own sexuality. You don't have to prove anything to anyone else.  




 I'm not emotionally close with any of my parents. They emotionally abandoned me as a child  




