 I've used those cheap travel sized deodorants after shaving or when I get ingrown hairs, works wonders. Of course I wouldn't use it right before hooking up, would taste gross I imagine. 




 Why not talk about your job? I feel like for most people in their mid twenties it's a common experience. 




 Aww:) 




 People talk about gay and straight people all the time, no one says gay and normal. That's not really a fair comparison either. Being gay requires not treatment or feelings of dysphoria that often come with being trans. 




 hole concept of maleness and femaleness

heh 




 I'd rock the hell out of that outfit. I would love to find something similar at broke college kid prices. 




 Interesting, I was born a female (identify as well) and went through the same thing. Hated my budding breasts as a middle schooler and broke down in tears when I got my period. I wore sports bras all the time to try and conceal them. Felt like my life was over for some reason. I remember getting into epic battles with my mother over wearing dresses to church,  but I was not having any of that shit.

I'm 23 now and am no longer uncomfortable with myself. It's really weird how this stuff (identify and so forth) works. For what it's worth I am a lesbian though. I hope you get the change you desire! 




 Can I ask how you correlate breasts with womanhood? Many women (like my sister for example) are practically flat-chested or have them removed for surgical reasons, but don't seem to feel dysphoria. What is it about your penis that bothers you? I'm just trying to understand what you're feeling. Would you rather have a vulva, clitoris, period etc? 




 They're thumb thumbs from the Spy Kids movie.  




 [My first thought](http://www.halftime.georgetownvoice.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/thumb-thumbs-spy-kids-_140248-fli_1374075531.jpg) 




 Sorry I only use credit cards
 




 Plasma is one component of your blood, among other things. They separate it from the red blood cells, those go back into your body. 




 Former Biolife employee here, there's a lot of in-house training that goes into doing phlebotomy (needle sticks). While the majority of the people in a center aren't nurses (maybe 4 tops) there's a ton of reading and training videos to go through before you even do a stick and then a month of shadowing before you're able to do sticks on your own. If you're not cut out for handling needles you'll get stuck doing reception. 




 I used to work for Biolife and can say the in-house training for phlebotomy (needle skills) is top notch. Can't speak for other center though. 




 The penis 




 Weird how genetics work like that. 




 estrogen ridden version of my mom

Wouldn't it be testosterone ridden? Assuming you're male. 




 That bomb pussy! 




 Can anyone tell me a good website to watch these kids movies? Most of them aren't on Netflix. 




 Instructions unclear, girl ripped in half 




 Smart! I want one too now.  




 Red Starburst would like a word with you 




 Pics of balls for science? (female here!) 




 AAALLLL the right junk, in all the right places. 




 No, Xanax is a benzodiazepine which has more of a sedative, muscle relaxant effect, very good for panic attacks. 

Beta blockers can mediate the physical effects of anxiety, like the fight or flight response. Such as increased heart rate, sweating etc. It has other medial uses also.  




 Same here friend. It was never really a problem until one summer I had eight different flights in a two month time span. During a physical I mentioned the terrible anxiety I get during flights and my doctor prescribed me a beta blocker, propranolol and it worked wonders. Totally calm during the whole flight and it doesn't make me tired.  




 I really want to move to Oakland after I finish with my master's. Is the crime in Oakland as people make it out to be or is it isolated to certain areas? 




 First off, I really enjoyed your post! Second, forgive me if this is a dumb question but where do you meet other black lesbians at? I swear I've exhausted all my POC options and can't find non-white girls for the life of me. Like you, I can't really see myself with a white girlfriend and I like femmes (also femme), but I feel like white chicks are my only option or remain single for the foreseeable future lol. My going to school at a PWI in a small Midwestern town might have something to do with it:/ I really want to move 




 Thanks bro!  




 Explain please? I'm interested.  




 Where did you move from, if you don't mind my asking. I'm black as well and considering moving to Portland after I'm done with school. I live in Iowa now and I need somewhere more queer friendly.  




 I found the statistic about black physicians really interesting. I'm in the process of applying to medical schools while working on my master's at a PWI in the midwest. My freshman year there were lots of other POC that were pre-med and pre-dental hopefuls. By my senior year most had changed to something else or dropped out. I wonder what HBCUs do right that PWIs are getting wrong? 




 Same here:/, wanna be my first? ;) 




 If you're the athletic sort, my city's rugby team is chock-full of lgbts. 




 Thanks, much appreciated. 




 Do you have a source/citation for the third link? 




 When you first said V8 I was picturing that vegetable drink, thinking really? 




 Girl here, I've had it and it's awesome! But yeah mostly associate with males. 




 IMO, he still deserves to be treated like a human being with feelings. Someone should let him know he's "that guy". 




 I feel bad for you bro. Time for new friends if they have a history of treating you this way. 




 Done and done 




 Would guys seriously be attracted to this approach? 




 :( 




 Goku with an attitude. 




 Can my strangler be mashed? 




 Genius 




 Naw mean.

Source: Trevor Noah 




 There, there Patrick. *pats* 




 *Dependent upon socioeconomic class, race, gender, and immigration status 




 Are you actually from Iowa? Ames here:) 




 Thanks? 




 I'm on android and the Reddit News app is ok by me. Ipad apps suck though. 




 People complain about reposts, but if people didn't repost I would miss most of the good content. 




 Will this cause you to lose the karma the comment garnered?  




 Same with the "Mom's spaghetti" joke. Ridiculously upvoted or sent to the oblivion.  




 kind of

I've tagged many of the racist Redditors I've come across. The number is startling.  




 This just happened to me today. Apparently as a black person I have no right to exist. 




 Hornets don't have internet access 




 If I'm at home I wash my hands before I flush the toilet. I'm afraid if I flush and then wash, the water will mix and I'll have shitty water on my hands. 




 What exactly is the right consistency? 




 Even in public? 




 Brother! 




 Diagram or detailed explanation please? I've always wanted to this! 




 Me too, make my poops much faster. My gf was a little weirded out though. "Why do you have a step stool in front of the toilet?" 




 Just shoot the curtain instead. That way you know whatever it is is dead. 




 Same, and use my foot to flush the toilet. Unless it's one of those dreaded automatic flushers. 




 Wow, sounds like a great routine. I barely leave enough time to shower and brush my hair before I leave in the morning. You skin must be glorious.

edit:Whoosh 




 I do this before I get in because my house is plagued by centipedes. They like the bathtub for some reason. *shudder* 




 Delete facebook 




 You should put the avacado and black beans on romaine and make a delicious salad. 




 Analingus 

Your blackout or theirs? Also, the way you spelled it sounds like dark magic or something. 




 I've also heard it's an evolutionary protective response, as most things that are bad for our health (poisons etc) are bitter/basic. 




 Salt and vinegar chips, they hurt my mouth so damn good. 




 asperagus 

I've never had autistic vegetables before. 




 Chai tea, mmmmm 




 According to this chart I'm stuck in the IPA stage, the bitterness makes me gag. 




 You still have cake, ice cream, and brownies left! 




 Same here, just had the most delicious pepperoni and mushroom pizza:( 




 I can live without the orange and yellow, but not the red. 




 Tagged as pedophile 




 Everybody was kung fu fighting! Da na na na, na na na! 




 mulatto

biracial or mixed nowadays. I also call my mixed friend a "hybrid" for laughs. 




 My thoughts exactly! 




 Dude I'm black and I asked my mom this question when I was in kindergarten. When this girl said black I was picturing chalkboard black when I'm more the color of Werther's candy. 




 I've never committed any crime worse than jay walking, I'm a graduate student, and I'm not rude. You're quite rude actually. Your sweeping generalization fails.  




 I'm Black, explain to me exactly why I'm shit? 




 There's black people in Russia?? 




 Yes milking the Dad won't work 




 My sister wanted to have her pregnancy stretch marks colored in with a tattoo to hide them, is this a bad idea? 




 I think that sometimes happens when people don't have regular contact with animals. My dad was like this until I adopted a husky, and soon my dad worried about the dog's feelings as much as ours. It made me smile when he took the dog out for a run with him because "he looked like he needed some entertainment." They've definitely bonded over time.  




 I'm curious, what was the third doggie doing when the other two were taking the polar plunge?  




 How much are you paying per month on their unlimited plan? 




 Iowa here, sounds good to me! 




 Man I only got Gamecast 




 The first time I felt like I actually fit in somewhere. In high school I was the sweet, but incredibly awkward kid. No one in particular picked on me, but you get tired of always feeling like the odd man out. It sucks to feel like you missed out on milestones and memories. Come freshman year of college I was determined to change my life and not be an observer anymore. I found some balls and went to the rugby team's practice session alone and inexperienced, and had a blast! For once being an athletic female who likes video games didn't make me weird. 

Five years later many of those people are still my best friends and they totally shaped my college experience. I even met my first longterm relationship through a teammate. It's awesome to have a group of friends that feel like family and to let your guard down with.  




 Dexter? 




 Grandma might be in better shape than OP. I swear my grandma has better knees than I do, basketball destroyed mine. 




 My niece could take her first legal drink before I could. Kinda funny! 




 Happened to my parents when the doctor told them my mom was infertile after a miscarriage, so they stopped using protection. Ten years later I wormed my way out. 




 Same here! Sometime people think my sister is my mom, and my mom is my grandma though :/ 




 1. My personal favorites with good sound and comfortable for long term wear. They are lightweight and ear pads are very comfy: [Sennheiser HD 598](http://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD-598-Over-Ear-Headphones/dp/B0042A8CW2/ref=sr_1_5?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-5)
2. [Bose AE2i](http://www.amazon.com/Bose-Audio-Headphones-Discontinued-Manufacturer/dp/B008YUNHK8/ref=sr_1_34?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842178 sr=1-34) Super light-weight and cushy. Noise-cancelling.
3. [V-MODA Crossfade M-100](http://www.amazon.com/V-MODA-Crossfade-Over-Ear-Noise-Isolating-Headphone/dp/B00A39PPCG/ref=sr_1_9?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-9) These fit my head really well and have good noise-isolation. Sound is good for my songs that are rock or hip-hop based. Probably the most aesthetically pleasing out of the bunch.
4. Either of these models are great for sound quality and build, but they tend to be a little heavy for long term usage: [Audio-Technica ATH-M50](http://www.amazon.com/Audio-Technica-ATH-M50-Professional-Monitor-Headphones/dp/B000ULAP4U/ref=sr_1_2?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-2), [Sony MDR7506](http://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDR7506-Professional-Diaphragm-Headphone/dp/B000AJIF4E/ref=sr_1_7?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-7), and [Beyerdynamic 80 ohms](http://www.amazon.com/Beyerdynamic-770-PRO-80-ohms/dp/B0016MNAAI/ref=sr_1_14?s=aht ie=UTF8 qid=1419842099 sr=1-14)

These are my recommendations out of the headphones I own. I have no complaints about any of them. 




 That's how I feel about the world "inflammable". The definition is totally counter-intuitive to me. 




 Rural. For some reason my mouth cannot properly enunciate this word and makes me sound like I have a speech impediment. 




 Quality outdoor gear. Patagonia forever bitches! 




