 The father is full of shit then. 




 A child cannot have phimosis. It's normal for the foreskin to remain attached to the glans until puberty for some kids.

...non-retractability (in the absence of scarring or other abnormality) can be considered normal for males up to and including adolescence.

http://jrs.sagepub.com/content/96/9/449.long
 




 A child cannot have phimosis. It's normal for the foreskin to remain attached to the glans until puberty for some kids.

...non-retractability (in the absence of scarring or other abnormality) can be considered normal for males up to and including adolescence.

http://jrs.sagepub.com/content/96/9/449.long

 




 Can you explain why I still get ovulation pains while on birth control? 




 I support financial abortion for men because I don't believe in forcing anyone into parenthood, but sorry, as a woman I just don't believe a man should have any legal say over whether or not a woman has an abortion. It's her uterus and body being risked, not his. It's unfortunate if he wants to become a father and she aborts, but she was bearing the full weight of the pregnancy, not him. 




 ...wat 




 You saw this enforced? 




 My parents wouldn't even let us blow bubbles into our soda cups, let alone make a huge mess. 




 Even China has mandatory break laws. 




  Even if it is just an option and a woman can choose to send a baby to the nursery for the night, it is not necessarily narcissistic. Many loving mothers do this.

Of course, but that's quite a bit different from sending them away because you don't feel like dealing with them the very same day they're born. This story was coupled with her comment, "I'll be dealing with her for the next 18 years." 




 That's because more students in Sweden leave home when going to college than American students.

Swedish students pay for their costs of living themselves and American students live off their parents. 




 Tech schools would be tuition free too. 




 Being tired as hell and letting someone else take the baby while you nap isn't quite the same as saying, "Take her all night, I want to sleep and I'll have to deal with her for the next 18 years anyway." 




 Growing up, I always heard about how when I was born, after everyone had saw me and held me, my mom told the staff to put me in the nursery instead of leaving me in her room for the night because, "I want to sleep, and I'll be dealing with her for the next 18 years."

I never thought that was odd, and no one in my family acted like it was odd, until I told my boyfriend about it and he was horrified. I've told the story online a few places, and the responses were the same. 

My mother had done plenty more nmom stuff throughout the years that were more severe, but that stands out as a very early sign of how our relationship was going to be. No, no bonding time. Just put her in the nursery. 




 He was probably held under and drowned. 




 Well...that's upsetting. 




 I can find no good source for this. 




 I don't consider this to be immoral. Age of consent in most places is 16. 




 Eh. I don't find that to be that bad.
 




 Source? 




 Anastasia Romanova was a bully. She was known for biting, scratching, and hitting her cousins.

Yeah, she was a child, but still...;) 




 I only see white and gold when the picture is washed out. 




  People were dismissive of the actor playing Enjolras in the film, even though he was one of the best singers in the whole movie, just because he was too masculine-looking.

Funny, of all the actors who have ever played Enjolras I thought Aaron Tveit looked the most feminine.  




 I don't get to see the night because if I stay up late, I'll be tired for school/work the next day.

Nothing to do with fear. 




 Huh, my panic attacks cause me to hyperventilate for several minutes along with feeling like I need to tear my hair out and curl on the floor.

And it's never brought on by anger. 




 They're degrees, not vocational certificates.

The point is to make society more educated. The only goal of education isn't to get a job. 




 TIL Germany, Denmark, and Finland are communist. 




 The point is to get a more educated society, not to hand out degrees. 




 America: where things other countries do daily are considered impossible. 




 Does this mean countries like Germany, Denmark, Finland, etc are infantalized?  




 Not everyone will go. Not everyone goes to college even in countries that offer it for free. 




 Way to make sure the poor can't get an education. 




 I think you missed the word "tuition" there. 




 Holy crap, I can't believe there are still people who deny marriage is a civil right.

Really? This is the first time you've ever heard that there are people against gay marriage? 




 When Eisenhower did it in the 50s did it bring employment to a screeching halt? 




 It didn't hurt jobs too badly when Eisenhower did it in the 50s. 




 Eisenhower did it in the 50s. 




 Reddit is made up of thousands of people. 




 Eisenhower did it. 




 TIL 1950s America was Communist. 




 TIL 1950s America was Communist. 




 A Republican president did it 60 years ago. 




 Then Eisenhower was a socialist. 




 TIL Eisenhower was a socialist. 




 Eisenhower did this in the 50s. Did people leave? 




 The richest people were taxed at 90% in Eisenhower's time, and America had some of the most booming business in the world. 




 Socialism: a way of organizing a society in which major industries (meaning something that produces goods or services) are owned and controlled by the community instead of individual people and companies.

If you still have private business and private industry you cannot be living in a socialist economy.

 




 Someone else? You're as entitled to use the education you pay for as anyone else. 




 Socialism is the workers and community taking over businesses and the means of production for themselves and keeping the profits for themselves. 

Tax funded education is no different from tax funded fire departments, police, or roads. None of those are socialism. 




 Oh, so now America goes from striving to be #1 in the world to just attracting people from developing countries and calling that good enough?

Good for you, South Korea, Japan, Finland, UK, Canada, Netherlands, Denmark, Germany etc. We'll never be among your ranks in education because we're just focusing on being better than developing nations instead of being as good as we can be. 




 I've taken to downvoting anyone whose comment only consists of one word:

"Free" 




 Not saying it's perfect, just better than the USA.

And I'm still here because it costs a shit-ton of money to emigrate.  




 Tax funded college isn't socialism. 




 Is paying for K-12, firemen, and police stealing too? 




 Plenty of countries already have free or cheap college. 




 Norway and Israel both have compulsory military service for men and women. Women who can't handle combat roles do something else.

80% of military positions aren't combat anyway. 




 4.5 years 




 http://www.businessinsider.com/inequality-and-mobility-in-the-united-states-2013-7

Income inequality has made it so you're unlikely to move out of the income group you started in no matter how hard you work. If you're born in poverty, you're unlikely to move out. 




 I'm sure those 20 people praying had everything to do with terrorism... 




 Because the 20 people praying clearly had something to do with terrorism, right? 




 ISIS thinks God wants them to kill everyone who opposes them - and that includes other Muslims. 




 ISIS and Muslims follow the same god Jews and Christians do. 




 I've heard my mom say to my dad, "You're the one that wanted kids." 




 There's one of her at the beach as a toddler. 




 Honestly, any time a parent wants to refuse medical care for their child and it puts their child at risk like this, they should be ignored and the team of doctors allowed to do whatever is necessary. 




 But a friend of mine who is a psychologist said that one of her clients actually suffered traumatic flashbacks because of that scene. And it makes me so sick to my stomach to think that even if I did express this to these people, that at least one person was forced to relive one of the worst experiences of her life because DD just couldn't resist adding in another pointless rape scene, reddit still wouldn't give a shit, because lol triggers and lol only war veterans get ptsd.

And it sucks for that client. It truly does. But GOT is known for its violence and sex. It's a very adult show, as anyone who has watched 5 seasons of it would know by now. It isn't up to the writers to cater to people who have sensitivities. Chances are there is someone who would be triggered by anything violent shown. Hell, I'm sometimes triggered by "Roseanne" because Dan and Roseanne's loud fights remind me of my parents' fights, nights of hearing my dad tear the house down in anger, and crying myself to sleep as a child. But the writers had no responsibility to cater to me. If you know something it bound to have aspects that upset you, don't watch it or at least wait for a summary. Also whoever said rape victims don't get PTSD? You must be confusing that with when we make fun of people who say they got PTSD because some asshole wolf whistled at them.

Finally, how do you know this rape scene was pointless? It existed in the book, just for a different character than Sansa. And how do you know it doesn't play a part in continuing Sansa's character arc? 




 I love how they're saying Sansa being raped takes away her agency and turns her back from being a player into a pawn.

Because there's no way a strong and willful person can be raped. 




 Laxatives.

It cured my constipation but I was shitting all freaking day even after passing the problem stool. I had to call off work. 




 So the State can get them away from parents early and start programming them. Smooth.

This is a quote from someone in this section. 




 Plus, the world needs cashiers and waiters and whatnots.

And yet still doesn't want to pay them enough to live on. 




 No, there is no evidence for it happening at all. In fact, Norse and Hindu mythology have similar stories. 




 The Old Testament tells the Hebrews to kill everyone who doesn't believe in the same god as they do, but the vast majority of Jews ignore that part. 

It's the same with Muslims. The vast majority don't follow that part. There are 1.6 billion Muslims in the world, and the world would be far worse off if a huge number of them took to killing people. 




 Nicholas II, not Alexander III. And there is no evidence that he ever slept with Alexandra. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Anne-Frank-Diary-Complete-Unabridged/dp/8182522218/ref=pd_sxp_f_pt 




 I love that someone cut the hands off one of his statues. 




 The boys were probably as old as 15, though. 




 This is nothing but a founding myth. 




 You're a troll because you think violence against innocent Muslims is a reasonable response to that.

ISIS kills other Muslims who oppose them by the thousands. Not all Muslims are the enemy. 




 Well said.

Your comment deserves more than just an upvote. 




 Tagged as troll. Thanks. 




 Male fetuses don't start off female. Someone explained it pretty well earlier:

Human fetuses don't start out female. It's a common misconception that I see all over the Internet. We start out undifferentiated. There's a genital tubercle that contains the rudiments of both the male and female external genitalia, and the Wolffian and Mullerian ducts-- the internal plumbing--are both present. If the fetus has a Y-chromosome, then the SRY gene kicks of the masculinizing program: the female plumbing degenerates, the labioscrotal swelling closes up to make a ballsack, and the glans and urethral folds enlarge to make a penis.
In the absence of that signal, the male plumbing degenerates, the glans diminishes to make a clitoris, and the labioscrotal swelling remains open to make labia with a vaginal opening. The female program seems to be the "default," meaning that if something goes wrong with the masculinizing program, the genitals often resort to female development (though they can remain in sort of an intermediate intersex state). Maybe this is why so many people think that we "start out" female.
 




  Human fetuses don't start out female. It's a common misconception that I see all over the Internet. We start out undifferentiated.

*Thank you.* I get so sick of seeing this everywhere. 




 The only goal of college isn't to get a job. It's fine to have that goal, but it's for general education as well. It's beneficial to have a well educated population. 




 I'm happy to pay for this, just like I already pay for public schools, libraries, roads, fire departments, police stations, etc.

We know it's paid for by taxes. 




 A goal of college should also be general education so you have a well educated population, not just training for a job. 




 These people would probably defend those rabbis who suck the blood off of the penises of babies after circumcising them. 




 Not caring if someone is killed in front of you isn't a crime. 




 I've been in retail. 

As long as you don't make a mess they have to clean up, they don't care what you do. 




 When I have panic attacks I'm too busy trying to breathe to take a selfie. 




 $400 a month is pretty common for America. Some people pay as much as $800 a month. 




 The same reason why everyone has to pay for everyone else to have access to fire departments, police stations, roads, etc. 




 Those services are well worth it. 




 I'm happy about it. 




 Except our [economic and social mobility](http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png) has been dropping off in the last decades. 

You're very likely to remain in the same economic class you were born in in the USA whether you work hard or not.  




 Just like you're paying for other people to have firemen put their houses out. 




 Denmark and Germany (as well as a few other countries) have free college. Their professors are paid through tax dollars, like firemen and policemen. 




 Despite their high taxes (or because of them) they have a much better economic mobility than we do.

You can actually crawl out of poverty in Germany. The USA? Good luck. 




 Do you think other countries with free education pay their professors with unicorn farts?

It's funny how America claims to be #1 but sees things other countries can do as impossible. 




 I've been through a living hell since October 2014 (my whole life really, that's just when it got worse).

I am not intentionally starving myself and do eat when I feel a little hungry, but I have lost all appetite almost. I was at 136 lbs when I last weighed myself am now at 128. Still a healthy weight for my height, but I am feeling the affects on my body already. The shakes, the dizziness, etc. As someone who used to cut and is no longer able to, I get the same satisfaction from it that I used to get cutting. So I do enjoy it a little.

As I said, it isn't that I am hungry and am ignoring it. I'm just not hungry. If I felt like I was hungry enough to eat an entire hamburger, I would.

But I do wonder how long this will go on. 




 In anthropology class we were discussing how archaeologists discovered the bones of a person, thousands of years old, that had a limb pretty cleanly amputated, probably to prevent infection in an injury from traveling. 

Understandably, everyone in the class inhaled sharply and started discussing how much that had to have sucked. This was in the days before adequate painkillers, so in all reality this person was probably just held down while they went to town cutting his arm off. 

I said, "I think I'd have rather just been allowed to die." A guy beside me gave me a funny look and said, "*Really?* Sure it hurts, but at least you're alive afterwards."  

Someone else chimed in, "Yes, and once it's healed you go about your daily life again. I mean, at least you're still alive."

Just...wow. As someone with depression I have contemplated ending it just because I can't take the emotional and psychological pain anymore. I can't imagine electing to go through removal of a limb without anesthesia to stay alive. It's completely 100% not worth it.

Also related, this Cracked article:

http://www.cracked.com/personal-experiences-1604-major-surgery-with-no-painkillers-5-things-i-learned.html

The writer went through surgery without general anesthesia (including having his ribs spread open, which the local would not help) because they were working on his heart, and they were worried administering anesthesia would make his heart stop.

I'm afraid if that were me, I'd have to say goodbye to my loved ones and tell them I am choosing to die instead of letting them spread my ribs open without painkillers. 

I guess this attachment to living is something I will just never understand. I haven't had a single experience so far that I would undergo surgery without anesthesia for, and I can't imagine I'll have any in the future. 




 Just knowing I have work the next day drags my entire day down. Do you have any tips?

Oh, I should add that I don't really hate my job, it's just that I feel like a sucker working to pay for a life I don't want. I'd rather die. 









 If I spend any extended time outside when there is a cold wind - or even a breeze - I get this horrible pain in my ears. You know the feeling when you sleep with your ear folded over and when you wake up your ear is stiff and painful? It's a lot like that, except the pain extends under my ear (almost where my jaw starts) and goes up to about two inches above my ear. It can be so intense I have to lay down with a blanket over my head and just let my ears warm up.

Also, I know it's the wind because if I put cotton balls in my ears or wear a hat, I'm fine. 









 I was in kindergarten or thereabouts. My aunt moved close to us after living far away for a long time. She had no kids of her own yet so she liked to take me around and do things. I learned right away I liked spending time with my aunt more than my mom. Mom always had something mean to say and made me feel like she didn't really want me around. She complained and groaned whenever she had to take me somewhere. I heard her talk about her "goddamned kids" on the phone before and knew what she was talking about.

Well, one night my aunt was dropping me off back at home and I threw a fit, as 6-year-olds do. I said I didn't want to be left with mom and wished my aunt could be my mom. My aunt just said, "That's not very nice, your mom loves you," and left.

Well, after that, mom grabbed me and said, "If you don't want to live here anymore, you don't have to. I'm getting you a suitcase and you're packing your things to live in an orphanage. I'll get another kid who isn't a little brat." She hauled out a suitcase and forced me to start throwing my things into it. I was wailing because I believed her 100%. I thought I was never going to see my dad or grandparents again. I thought I was never going to see my dog again. I had just gotten a kitten, and I thought I'd never pet or hold him again. 

After packing all my clothes, she made me go to bed. I lay there and sobbed into my pillow the entire night. It wasn't until the next morning when mom went to wake me up for school that she found me still crying. She said, "Did you really think I'd send you away and bring home another kid?" Honestly, yes. Yes I did. What does that say about you?

Even then she made no real moves to comfort me or even apologize. She just made me get dressed for school. 

Apparently my grandparents (dad's parents) read my mother the riot act when they learned about this. My grandmother even said, "But don't you know even if you were sent to an orphanage, your grandpa and I would come pick you up right away?" So at least I got a little comfort from them.

Oddly enough, I never really understood how fucked up this was until I told my boyfriend about it. I knew it was horribly mean, but I didn't realize it probably counted as psychological abuse.

Also, to this day my mom insists it was a just and fitting punishment. 




 Growing up, I always knew my mother was awful to me and my dad did some awful things too (although not nearly as bad as mom) but since the entire side of my mom's family is like that, I always saw it as normal. "Yes, today my mom called me a worthless idiot, what's for dinner?"

Then just 2.5 years ago I met my boyfriend and we were sharing childhood stories. I remember my boyfriend looking shocked or offended at some of mine and finally one day he said, "Your mother is awful and you should cut all contact with her."

Later I brought this up with my friends who I've known since middle school, and their replies were along the lines of, "Yep, we can't stand your mom." They just never mentioned it to me. 

I lived with it for 20-odd years, but it never occurred to me until it was pointed out.  

Anyway, I decided to make this post because I just found this subreddit and I already relate to so many of your stories. I'm sure I'll go into details at a later time, but right now I'm just reading other posts and coming to terms with the fact that I lived with emotional and psychological abuse for so long without realizing it. It's certainly had an affect on me. I've had severe depression since I was younger than 9 (9 is when I learned what suicide meant and could put a term to the feeling I'd had) and my anxiety can be pretty terrible too. I may have had those issues anyway, but my mother has made them 5 times worse at least. 




 I still think about small and unimportant things that upset me when I was a child. I am constantly replaying my worst experiences in my head.

Worst of all, tips to stop don't seem to help. "Go for a run." I'll ruminate while I'm running. "Find a hobby you enjoy." I'll ruminate while I'm scrap-booking.

What are your experiences? 




 She had cancer for a little while, but blood in her urine told us it spread to her bladder, so we decided it was time to put her down.

So I was there in the office with her, crying my eyes out. The vet said I could hold her, or just put her on the table and pet her. I felt absolute dread at the thought of her going limp in my arms. I was barely holding up as was and I was afraid that would make me lose it. It was taking all my strength to be there at all. My sister had offered to take her in so I wouldn't have to, but I was determined to be there in her last moments. So I rubbed her back as she was euthanized.

Now I am extremely sorry I didn't hold her. I know she didn't know she was about to die. She only knew she was in a place where she had been before and I was petting her. She passed away peacefully feeling me pet her back.

I know even if I had held her I would find something else to be upset about, but I can't shake the feeling that I wasn't properly there for her.

As I said, I've had her for 18 years and she was always there for me when my depression was at its worst and when I needed her most. Now she's gone and I feel I didn't return the favor on top of it. 




 She had cancer for a little while, but blood in her urine told us it spread to her bladder, so we decided it was time to put her down.

So I was there in the office with her, crying my eyes out. The vet said I could hold her, or just put her on the table and pet her. I felt absolute dread at the thought of her going limp in my arms. I was barely holding up as was and I was afraid that would make me lose it. It was taking all my strength to be there at all. My sister had offered to take her in so I wouldn't have to, but I was determined to be there in her last moments. So I rubbed her back as she was euthanized.

Now I am extremely sorry I didn't hold her. I know she didn't know she was about to die. She only knew she was in a place where she had been before and I was petting her. She passed away peacefully feeling me pet her back. 

I know even if I had held her I would find something else to be upset about, but I can't shake the feeling that I wasn't properly there for her. 




 JK Rowling used a werewolf as a metaphor for someone with AIDS (or so I have heard), and while the social stigma is probably very similar, there is one huge difference: Someone with AIDS isn't going to kill you, and a werewolf is his natural state will rip your throat out.

In his first and only year, Lupin almost killed four people. If Sirius Black hadn't been there to fight him off, Harry, Hermione, Ron, and Snape would have been werewolf chow. And if by some chance they survived, they'd now have a lifelong curse.

What's the most damning is that Lupin forgot to take his potion (that keeps him in a human state of mind after transformation) himself. Snape didn't sabotage it to out him, and no one else did anything like that either. Lupin simply got distracted and forgot. Who's to say that couldn't happen again?

It's very unfortunate for Lupin, but if you turn into a deadly animal once a month, you probably shouldn't work in boarding school. I can certainly see where parents of Hogwarts students were coming from. CMV.

Edit: Yes, he resigned, but it was because he knew he'd eventually be fired. 














 My nearly 18-year-old female cat has sprouted a tumor on her side. I've been away so my family isn't quite sure how long it's been there. Some quick research makes it sound cancerous, since it grew sort of quickly and is hard to the touch. She doesn't seem like she's in pain or having trouble moving around.

I'm going to make an appointment with the vet on Monday, but I'm prepared for the worst since it seems cancerous, and her advanced age makes treatment difficult. 

Anyone else gone through this? 




 I've had one, but it was after learning to relax my ass. It took a long time. 




 I downloaded some mods, now all of a sudden I can't finish quests. I'll get all the way to the end of one, and it won't finish. It won't disappear from the journal, and the marker won't go away. I killed a dragon, and once it was dead, it just laid there and didn't burn out. The marker didn't leave from it, either. 

I have...

Skyrim School of Witchcraft and Wizardry

Arissa, the Wandering Rogue

Noble Wedding Dresses

Hearthfire God Chests

Cats of Skyrim

Skyrim Trading Posts

Goldleaf Pony Farm

Prince and Pauper

I have some others, but those have worked fine for a long time. Anyone else have an issue with the mods I listed above?
 




 I've looked around the official medicaid site and couldn't find the answer. I am in Ohio, if that matters.

I am applying for medicaid, and I know it asks what your yearly salary is. The thing is, I have only had crappy jobs and I jump from one to the next. Do I just use the amount from last year's tax information? Or do I have to estimate what I'll make this year? 




 Maven leaves notes around Riften, saying that she'll have to take the losses from her mead out of her employees' salaries. I've been collecting them because they seem interesting, but I haven't found anything to do with them.  



















 I'm hoping to get onto Medicaid next year since at $8 an hour pay I am too poor to afford any insurance. On top of that I tend to have expensive medical bills. I have a $500 one right now that's ruining my credit. 

I had been hoping that I could get braces on Medicaid. Now, my need for braces isn't cosmetic. If it were, I wouldn't bother. Crooked teeth don't bother me much. My problem is that the two teeth beside by front teeth came in in such a way that they put pressure on the front teeth. This causes them to crack and cavities to set in very quickly no matter how on top of brushing and flossing I am. Not to mention the terrible toothaches and headaches that come with constant pressure on your teeth. 

A dentist told me that without braces there is really nothing that can be done besides just filling in the cavities when they appear. All that can be done for the pain is ibuprofen. I can easily finish a bottle of those a month because of this. Nothing can be done for the cracking either.

But Medicaid only pays for braces for those under 21. So I'm pretty fucked. At least dental care is included in Medicaid, so I can get the cavities filled if nothing else. I learned for some states, Medicaid doesn't cover adult dental care at all. Federal law makes them cover dental care for children, but it's up to the state if they cover adults.

What's really infuriating is that when I was about 12 the dentist told my parents this problem with my front teeth would likely happen, and unless treated with braces, it would cause cracking and pain. Excellent spot on prediction. But my parents decided it was too expensive, and "not necessary because he's probably wrong."

I am completely for children receiving medical care, but they aren't more important than adults. 




 I don't know how to create an album on Imgur, so I'll individually post them here:

http://i.imgur.com/GFGKTee.png

http://i.imgur.com/AtPU9bd.png

http://i.imgur.com/Pr9igNy.png

http://i.imgur.com/DxznyMh.png

http://i.imgur.com/0Jlbq9I.png

That was 4 years ago. She's gotten fatter. These are more recent:

http://i.imgur.com/TQUNDS3.png

http://i.imgur.com/7Zgw9w0.png 




 I've been having a very difficult few months. I haven't cut myself in almost 2 years but I really needed the release. I was seriously dizzy afterwards and now my heart hurts, but at least I could relax a little after I had done it.

It doesn't have the same affect it used to when I was younger. Less release now and more dizziness and pain. 




 I feel like I don't really have a place in the world. I'm unlikely to ever get a job that pays very well and I'm still dependent on my parents at 25 years old. I am so sick and tired of living and the idea that there's a higher power watching over me is very attractive. It would be nice to think that it doesn't matter if this life is a complete failure because there's something more important afterwards.

My family seems to get a lot of comfort out of religion. It gave my grandma strength when my grandpa died and it seems to give my formerly-atheist cousin a place to fit in and feel good (her church is pretty liberal). 

The only problem is is that I just don't believe it. I may as well wish Hogwarts was real. This is something I've always been a little jealous of religious people for.  




 I am just getting over the flu, and I have such a severe phobia of vomiting that I refuse to eat or drink anything if I feel nauseous. (A serious risk of dehydration, I know) And yet I threw up a few times despite not eating or drinking for 8+ hours. The vomiting lasted as long as if I had actually eaten something, too. 

Why would I vomit even if there is nothing in my stomach besides normal fluids that are always there? 




 Inspired by my case of the flu. I vomited and was bawling the whole time.

It's probably because I hate it so much. Whenever I vomit the one thing I want most in the world is to stop. However, I learned a lot of people don't seem to mind throwing up much. I've had both my dad and my boyfriend ask why I was crying after vomiting in the past. They couldn't understand why it upset me so much.

So ladies, how do you handle this unpleasant situation? 




