 I kinda wish he was like the Vertigo Lucifer, but how would they have pulled off Mazikeen. ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 Just the mini series. I've been wanting to check out the Books of Faerie myself. 




 Looks like that one guy from the Mighty Boosh. 




 Is Diamond the only vendor source? 




 Look for small clues, like someone constantly sniffling or rubbing their nose, people taking short breaths. . . 




 Can anyone hook me up? Either as a third party or with a contact for a LCS that can help me out? My LCS's havent heard about this and there are a couple TPs i wouldnt mind getting. 




 I wish they had extended the sale by just one day T.T . . .I would get paid the day after Batman Day. 




 I'm tempted by the buy 2 get 1free online with the discounts....just wondering if instocktrades is still cheaper. . .gonna have to mess around with some numbers 




 Wait. . .so you harass her until she fucks at work?  




 It is about what was left on the loan yes. In the middle of paperwork currently to determine how they will setup a payback plan. 




 In response to your Edit 2.0:

I mean they do make test kits to find out what powder is what. . . 




 With $27k , I can pay off the attorney general and still have 8k to put towards my other loan that is close to default. 




 Is that a question or a declaration? 




 They bring crime, litter, SWINE FLU

So just like your average american? 




 It is all the red meat he eats. 




 I work the morning T.T 




 Harley Quinn's series just finished its first arc, so the next issue will be a good jumping on point. 




 Yea it is kind of an ego killer when you realize that you passed the halfway mark of your late father's life. Shit sucks when you realize you are no where near where he was at this point in life. 




 Whoops seems I was just thinking of the Baby Formula vs Breast feeding controversy of Nestle Mexico. . . 




 I believe it was Mexico. 




 Well it has a slight reference in Justice Leeague 3000, but so far is stand alone. 




 Heads up, get ready for some pretty big feels with this title. I actually cried a little in volume 3, and got kinda sad in some of the others. Still need to read the last  5 trades and the select single arcs trades.

The Deluxe Death Trade that collects all her stories in one is a decent related title at a good price. And After volume 4, it would be a good time to start the Lucifer trades if you are interested in how his story continues. 




 A couple of my favorite from the New 52 are Sword of Scorcery vol1. , Hawkman and Justice League Dark. 

If you end up liking the darker side, there is the Sandman Series from Vertigo (which is like a Mature part of DC)

Last piece of advice, instocktrades.com has trades at an awesome discount price for most comics. 




 Yea started the East of West and recently Saga thanks to the Image humble bundle a month or two ago. I need to go back through EoW again to remind my self whats going on also. 




 I started late with my **Justice League 3000** pulls so I just got the first two last week (a local LCS wanted $20 a piece so did Midtown for reg. Price) and read all 8 just the other day. It is an interesting story and how it ties in to Future's End is interesting when they mentioned they have 97% of all metahuman DNA from the island 1000 years ago. Happy to be current on it.

Ordered Outcast #1 from Image with those two, since it sold out everywhere I looked. Decent take on Exorcisms and looking forward to the explanation of his blood burning the possesed.

Read through the other day the Batman Manga Death Mask. It was an interesting story with a little background of Bruce in Japan.

Currently working on the first Hellblazer arc in Original Sins TP and enjoying it so far. 




 This should be next banner. 




 Honestly the movie with Keanu Reeves was my first encounter with anything Constantine. I know almost quite literally everyone denounces the movie as being a Constantine film, but I love it none the less. My first comic ecounter was the New 52 JLD and Constantine trades, I tried catching up with the single issues, but never really put much onto it so I just wait for trades.

Just started Hellblazer vol. 1, and am still in middle of first arc, I find it intetersting, but am going through it slow since I'm reading a couple different books at the same time.

My vote for next title is Lucifer vol. 1. 




 Fag is common brit slang for cigarrette. The first time I ever heard it, yea same reaction, but that was long before I read Hellblazer. 




 All the Xx_'s are due to the name they want being taken, so that is accurate. 




 FYI, Goobers is a chocolate covered peanut candy. 




 I'm hoping he appears in Future's End at some point. 




 It's a horror comic, also by Image, it sold like crazy everywhere near me. 




 For my it was between that or Outcast for my pulls. I chose Outcast and am going to wait for a trade on Wicked/Divine 




 My Nightwing vol. 4 is still in the mail :x 




 Watched first season of Arrow this past week on Netflix. Unfortunately season 2 isnt on it yet and my local libraries dont have it yet. Anyone know when it is supposed to come to netflix?

I've been meaning to pick up the New 52 trade of Static Shock. Does he show up anywhere outside his series?

That Marvel 100th Anniversary issue of Spiderman was fun. Kingpin in a tech-venom suit, like woah. 




 Considering they've had leaks, I don't see why they wouldn't. 




 You dont think NSA intercepts their own messages?  




 It is just that there is not only THC in weed.  




 Django Unchained TP- Gotta have some Django

100th Anniversary #1: Xmen - Really enjoying these anniversary issues.

Deadpool: Dracula's Gauntlet #2 -first one was decent, but not sure how I like having 3 weeklies on my pulls

Elektra #4 - Really good series so far.

Savage Hulk #2 - was disappointed regular hulk was cancelled and the #1 Savage was ok, so I'm giving this one more try

Ultimate FF #4 -

Batman Eternal #15 - too far into it to give up now.

Harley Quinn invade Comic Con Intl. San Diego #1 - I'm a sucker for one shots.

Teen Titan #1 - Gonna see how the new one is.

The New 52: Future's End #11 - Loving the story so far. 




 Django Unchained TP- Gotta have some Django 

100th Anniversary #1: Xmen - Really enjoying these anniversary issues.

Deadpool: Dracula's Gauntlet #2 -first one was decent, but not sure how I like having 3 weeklies on my pulls

Elektra #4 - Really good series so far.

Savage Hulk #2 - was disappointed regular hulk was cancelled and the #1 Savage was ok, so I'm giving this one more try

Ultimate FF #4 - 

Batman Eternal #15 - too far into it to give up now.

Harley Quinn invade Comic Con Intl. San Diego #1 - I'm a sucker for one shots.

Teen Titan #1 - Gonna see how the new one is.

The New 52: Future's End #11 - Loving the story so far.






































 




 I'm guessing until at least this Wednesday, it has been up for at least a week already so not sure how much longer it will be. 




 Right? Well if I am to afford at least the weekly's in my pull list this week Imma have to cook my lunch/dinner at home for work. 




 I'm guessing one is the older version and not the reprint. . . 




 It is just that doesn't Constantine and Zantanna have a sorta of history together? I think she would be better to have a show on NBC if their shows end up doing well. 




 I would like to see Doctor Occult or Tim Hunter. 









 I heard you can ask for honey butter on a chicken strip sandwhich. Never tried tho. 




 Being mutilated as a baby

Fucking disgusting. 




 What kind of shit phone you have? I read it just fine. 




 Sleeping until I have to go to work at night. 




 Purfume: Story of a Murderer or Spirited Away. 




 Excellent story 




 It is the southern equivalent of Disney workers saying "Have a magical day" or something that. 




 You can't prove that. 




 All of y'all being taller and longer than I only justifies my confidence issues, at least in my mind :( 




 Check out the Sandman Series by Vertigo if you are wanting a Darker feel from your comics...shoot I started reading them when I was 22 last year.


Incase you didn't know a good place to find a lot of trade collections is instocktrades.Com  




 I was thinking it was this, just wasn't 100% 




 So jealous. What collections are these exactly? 




 Dark House is leaving soon and was Decent enough. 




 Credits are part of the run time.  




 Well it is exactly 3 hours with the 15 minute previews. 




 There is this one thing. . .what is it called. . .Reddit Platinum? 




 Shoot I work in a cinema and dont really understand what the difference is, but if someone had brought that to my attention, I would have gone to the booth and verified that the current playlist matches the projector's settings. I mean the correct format is right there in the name of the movie file.  




 Maybe he was a fan of the Sandman comics series. There is the short story in one issue where the Dream of cats tells this cat it is talking to that basically if enough people (or cats) dream the same reality at the same time the true reality can be changed. It was a rather sad story actually. 




 I was high the first time I watched Paprika, so naturally I didn't fully remember the ending. Be me, a rather overweight guy, showing it to current crush and everything getting super awkward when the fat guy gets the hot girl at the end. . .the moment was so cringe-worthy. 




 It was a little hard to follow, I'm giving a couple more issues to really decide. 




 Batman Eternal, Future's End, Sinestro, JLD, and maybe Harley Quinn #0 Director's Cut.

Others: Trees, C.O.W.L., Doop, Amazing Spider-Man, Savage Hulk, All New Ultimates, Ghost Rider, Deadpool vs Carnage, (Damn seems all my marvel pulls are this week imma be broke T.T) and need to get MPH from last week. 




 Glad I'm not the only one captivated by Trees. 




 East of West easily. 




 If they extended their service area to the suburbs on the edge of Dallas, I would actually use the service. 




 Hellraiser. I guess I just waited too long to see it. 




 I thought it was funny before I did pot. 




 Why would you say before taking it off if she never takes it off in the .gif?! 




 Maybe I have a hard on for inconcievable bugs? It doesn't matter. 




 Unless you are on xbox. . .just saying. 




 Well. . .arent there tofu steaks? 




 So we need to break down the military budget into what % of it is actually used for military research and not just straight arms productions or troop employment/deployment then? 




 If it is a Driver's License it does apply, but if it is just a straight up ID, I'm not sure. 




 I watched Unbreakable, with Bruce Willis and Sam L Jackson, for the first time the other day. Was a very interesting look at the question: What if there are superheroes, but they dont know it yet? I highly recommend it. 




 Current Runs from last week: Batman Eternal, Future's End, Harley Quinn, Ultimate FF, Elektra,

Currently slowly working through the First Lucifer Trade from Vertigo. 




 I'm preparing myself for the Hobbit Trilogy marathon that is sure to happen in december.  




 I talked to a police officer the other day at my work and apparently there is a sort of underground prostitution ring on myspace in various cities. 




 If the response was worthwhile others would let you know by the way they respond. 




 It has been off and on. 




 If it hurt us after the leak wouldnt it have hurt us before the leak? 




 Shoot it wasnt too long ago that tardigrades were all over reddit. I learned what a water bear was due to it being a meme. 




 Ive been wanting to get into the Books of Faeirie honestly. But I am up to book 6 of Sandman, but been having trouble finding it locally. 




 I wouldnt mind a DC one, dunno if you have any Vertigo but that would be dope. 




 I didnt see that being who was placing the hits on Harley. Decent enough surprise. 




 And thats why i live in the burbs 




 I didnt know it implied sexual orientation that phrase as Big Boi said in his song Back Up Plan:

I was young, full of cum, down for the skeet skeet, not dumb . . . 




 I feel like the mirror isnt exactly haunted, but begs the question that it attracts mentally unstable people. 




 I disagree, but I tend to be liberal with my judgement of short films. The last one and "O" are the weirdest. "F" tho is indeed wtf worthy. 




 Its just no matter what theme I set those couple things stay green.

Edit: looks like it is only the black theme with the green everything. 




 Shit...I wouldnt have updated if I knew it would be like this. . .it feels so wrong. 




 Everything is green. Like the letters on the keyboard when I type, the loading bar in the internet browser, and who knows what else. I tried changing the theme to all black option, but that only fixed the HTC news reading list.

Is there some way to change it? 




 I give up. I cant find a mutant with the name: O______ R___ . . . 




 So do you get a family discount on the nights she works? 









 I'll only have enough PTO by then for one weekend (〒︿〒) 




 Part of the Outkast experience is also the dungeon family being apart of it, IMO.C-Bone was there so I got a little more than one third if anything. 




 You would think, but I'm so conflicted. I've already met and seen Big Boi in concert, so that's one half the Outkast experience. And then there is rumors this is Li's last album round. Considering I'm from Texas it's an additional 3 hours to ATL than Kansas City. 




 I'm looking for an album that is solid all the way through that would compliment the discography of those three. 




