 I thought we already concluded Vechs thinks he's stuck there because he doesn't know Jsano broke the portal ;) Doesn't really matter what he's gonna do. His best option is to find 3 diamonds and move the portal over, hoping it brings him to somewhere else on the overworld. 




 hey /u/RubyBot here's [Pak's perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzWgkndXgKk) 




 Notch apples, yes. But regular? 




 That was an amazing escape, I have been cheering in my chair! 




 ^^^polo? 




 I totally agree, never seen this before! Made me smile after some rough days :) 




 [Pyro's perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3n61efOVkQ)

[Pause's perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mak5BUmNKIg)
 









 Can you send me some? Oh wait.. 




 Millbee passed 7800 yesterday in his 100th episode so you've got some (binge?) watching to do :) 




 I got two episodes behind in the current UHC. I watched the first two episodes of some people. Which perspectives do you guys (and girls) really recommend? I have seen Guude's and Chad's perspectives already, and seen both episodes from Pause. I have also seen the first two episodes from Anderz, Coe and Nebris. With who should I start for ep3 as well as for ep4? And can you recommend me any other perspectives I should watch? 




 This guy. xD Still got tears running down my face from laughing! 




 If really, REALLY like to watch MK8, you can also watch Millbee's daily MK8 series about getting 10K player points :) I'd recommend it, I highly enjoy watching these 




 There is so much more going on at the moment, everyone's busy with other series and projects. If the Mindcrackers don't feel like playing on the vanilla server, then they shouldn't. Only when they feel like it. Things will get better, hopefully.. 




 I really liked their meetup during S1 of SoF :D 




 I'm surprised that even though the blue team started off with some meetups, all the people who are now still alone are on blue.  




 Tried this a few months ago. Watch later list was full in no time because I wanted to watch way more than I could xD now I watch anything random from my subscriptions list that sounds fun when I have time for it. I however make time for uhc 




 Can't wait to try it myself! 




 I almost typed 16 too 




 of Mindcrack UHC season 19! 




 Dutch train perhaps? :P They are known to be stuck here. 




 I am missing something. Guess I should watch his episode later today.. 




 I am looking real closely but I still don't see it. Is it the strange shape? 




 Man I love your artwork! This is really nice :D 




 All of them for me. And when I put "user" in the link between youtube.com and their profile name, it's just fine. I use Chrome. 




 The youtube links in the sidebar to the youtube profiles don't work anymore :( The links have all changed. Instead of http://youtube.com/adlingtont it would now be http://youtube.com/user/adlingtont! I thought I'd mention, can one of the mods fix this? 




 Don't ask me, I don't know. I believe they pick the color of your name based on the color of the UHC team that person is in. For example Nebris is in the pink/red/purple team and all users with the Nebris flair have a pink name. 




 Can you add something that indicates who met who within teams? 




 Thanks! This is really nice for a quick overview :) 




 Yes you can choose both flairs. You just can't choose the color of your name and this person probably is rooting for the pink team. 




 To be honest, I wouldn't have time to play random videos while I was out-numbered in the middle of an UHC. 




 Wow, I have never seen your flair before. Sounds like Pyro was on it, who else? 




 Depends where you live I think. I live in the Netherlands and here it's just two weeks no lectures but still a lot of work because the semester ends in the last week of January. 




 Poor flair makers.. 10 faces in one flair xD 




 HYPE. NO TIME FOR SLEEP 




 The sunday sandbox livestreams? He's done a stream now twice on a sunday in which he builds in creative mode. (At least the first time, haven't watched the second one yet) 




 I could hear Genny talking to Chad, saying he should do what he wants and forget about the hate. That's what makes Genny so awesome too. He can play a game like I am Bread and he's in his element. I think Chad maybe has to find himself and discover what he really, really likes 




 I believe, if he does that, most of the Mindcrackers in the intro have to be moved either up or down which is a lot of work too! 




 I do sometimes. 




 Weekend!! :) Just have to finish writing my column and then that's done too and it's 100% weekend for me. 




 I would LOVE to see him livestream a bit of this!! 




 I like it! Neat :D 




 Could also just be in January, doesn't have to be now right? 




 A triple? 




 \*sweeps away a tear\* 




 First the mindcrackers in alphabetical order, then non-mindcrackers in alphabetical order :) 




 I use these every day :) So 200 times thanks!! :) 




 It's so cute to see how happy he was with him 3 




 Losing a pet is just as hard as losing a family member :( Take your time Genny. Bye Bootie.. 




 Ahh that's so sad :( I'm so sorry to hear about it. Poor Bootie :( 




 Hm, that's not my experience but maybe that's because I ask things they don't know the answer to. Good to know though! 




 Also the blood tears on btc! Neat! 




 This is by far the cutest fan art I have seen in a while 




 I post questions there every now and then but they never get answered if I don't post them on the day the thread was posted (Sundays or Mondays I believe?) So yeah.. Everyone takes one single look at that thread shortly after it was posted, then leaves it be 




 I had typo matches like these when i was younger, i was evry good at it 




 The video is removed :( 




 I am playing AS for a second time and r/FTB_Indeed which is made by a small community. They have a server for both packs and they are looking for new players :) 




 Someone fan-art this? :D 




 I'm on 3.1.4 of AS, which uses blood magic to create the spawn eggs. I can look into it but for now I have actually decided to just leave the quest and get back later to it when I have started blood magic for example. 




 Ah alright, thanks! I made a small pool, few blocks deep, for manual fishing so I only need the fish feeder then. Thanks :) 




 I have restarted Agrarian Skies and I have now reached the point where I need ink sacs for a creepy doll. Since I don't feel like building a giant squid tank, waiting for a squid to spawn, and I haven't started Blood Magic yet, I decided to go the Mariculture way. I have some squid now (the Mariculture ones) but how do I get their ink sacs? Is there a machine for it, what is it called? Does it consume the fish? 




 You should fish in the lava. 




 I am so happy for him. First Ariana is born, then he hits 1 million.. It can only get better for him from now on :) 




 Maybe there are tools with which you can merge YouTube playlists and sort them all on time and date. And if the order is wrong, so from now back into history, there are also tools that can reverse a playlist. Then just binge watch? 




 ^^^^^^uhc ^^^^^^teams ^^^^^^of ^^^^^^3? 




 Yes but carpenter's safes can be opened by anyone, they are just 'hidden' (textures don't connect) 




 Kill it with fire before it lays eggs! 




 Good to hear! I'm hoping with you :) 




 100% true! 




 I work at a basketball and volleyball hall, in the kitchen, serving sodas and fries 




 Have a nice weekend everyone! I will be working a lot but at least I got my new phone, the new Motorola Moto G :D 




 Good luck on your research proposal! They can be really tough.. 




 How did it go? :) Hope all went well! 




 Never mind. I just ran into indeedcommunity.com, I'm guessing that's what you meant. I'm registering it all now. I will also add you on Skype in a bit but my connection is really bad. So I can probably only type to you, no voice calls. 




 I'm sorry, do you mean the DNS tech pack thread on this subreddit or the FTB Indeed stuff? I've searched through your reddit post/comment history a bit.. 




 Ooh interesting! Tell me more and I will take a look tonight (EU zone) 




 Ah that's too bad, but a server is always lighter for your pc/laptop than singleplayer because you just connect and load etc. At least that's what I have been told. Too bad you lost interest though, but thanks for your reaction! I can't handle most FTB packs.. I can handle AS or ME3 because of the small world that is generated and the smaller amount of mods in it, that's basically it. 




 Hello. Did you manage to get your server working again and is there room for more players? I would like to do a ME3 multiplayer playthrough! Let me know :) 




 Hey, I am looking for an ME3 server too. Did you find one by chance? 














 Oh you mean Survival of the Fittest? We just had some sort of modded UHC. 




 Hello :) I am 21 / f, looking for a server to play on. I can't play most modpacks because I don't have a desktop, just my laptop. I have started the first bits of both AS and ME3 in singleplayer but I miss having a few people around! So who would like to join me and has a server? :) Or do you know a server where they seek players? 




 Ah man I was so hoping for an Octodad playthrough by Simon and Lewis 




 But this is singleplayer. It makes a huge difference since this Diogo is not pushed away or even worse, off the edge because there are no other people on the track and there are no items. (although this way he doesn't get mushrooms either) 




 I don't know if anyone ever keeps checking this thread after Monday but I was wondering if anyone has some sort of playlist made with all of the music that Chad plays during his streams. I can't watch his livestreams because he streams at 3AM for me. Even if I listen/watch them later, I use them as some sort of podcast, it's in the background while I'm studying and I just listen to what he's gotta say and his music. And I really like the music, I just don't have the time to search through his streams for his music. Anyone can help me out here? Or does Chad have a website where he lists the music [just like sevadus does?](https://www.sevadus.tv/music.php) 




 Yea if I had to pick just one.. In a building contest I would be on generiks side because Bdubs can build really well already :) In a redstone contest, I pick Bdubs, etc. not sure about UHC. 




 Oh man, I don't know... I think Generik..? 




 He did it during a livestream and he uploaded a livestream highlights video, I think he doesn't spoil it for most of the people around here. 




 It actually just depends on which video I see first in my subscriptions feed. 




 Sounds like I have something to watch today :) 




 I really enjoy watching Deep Space Mine and Agrarian Skies 




 It's easy to recognize some patterns but schedules change all the time because of the person's interests and new series and new trends etcetera.  




 I really like a wing of ender dragons 




 Bdubs for sure! I love all of his S5 work! 




 This means we should soon be able to see which new areas have been explored since the fall of the world border! :D 




 IGN: train_subject7970 - would love to play modded minecraft again, especially some collabs. My friends lost interest and I don't like singleplayer :( can't come online before monday though.. 




 Wow that's impressive! I had been thinking some more and I eventually chose for night blindness as my topic, also because I have personal experience with it. I'm thinking of maybe making a column-like article about it. 




 So I missed a few of these. Not because I was late but just because I have been way too busy the past few weeks. But hiiii! I probably failed my exam and I also handed in something that wasn't even looking like a scientific article.. I probably didn't pass the big course from the past two months :(

In other news, I have to write another article but this can be about anything as long as it's related to biology. Preferably something cool and easy to understand for everyone because this writing course is about writing to a larger public. For example news articles or news reports or interviews. I can't find a nice article :( I was maybe looking for something or someone important in the history of biology and trying to make a report about it because it is its anniversary but I can't really find anything. For example, Darwin's book On the Origin of Species was published 155 years ago in 10 days, but yeah.. I don't like the number 155 there. If it were 150, sure! Something like that, maybe someone has an idea? :) 




 Lewis and Hannah will either go on together really well or get completely frustrated :P 




 Yeah.. Maybe they can do something similar? Or let two others play it. 




 Pause and Coe.  




 Upvote text says "Indeed!" :D 




