 trying to sneak a selfie. just be honest about it 




 yeaah... definitely ill 




 pizza hamburgers hot dogs ice cream cake cookies 




 that is so awesome. and respect. i was actually going to join the LAPD hahaha, but stuff happened... 




 http://blog.betdsi.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/pic_alistair_overeem_skinny1.gif

http://isportsweb.com/wp-content/uploads//2015/04/alistair-overeem-denied-1.jpg

http://photos.imageevent.com/sharpshootercollectibles/newwwepromos/Brock%20Lesnar%202012.jpg 




 this is actually super interesting. if you added some fat this was kinda like brock lesnar vs. alistair overeem. lesnar naturally has a way bigger frame. overeem put on the muscle so they weighed the same.  




 run with a backpack on  




 hahahaha word 




 something else i wanted to add... im actually the drummer for my church and to be honest, i havent told the worship band where i stand in my (lack of) faith. but i still enjoy the experience of practicing and working together to create the best possible sound and experience for the church... i do plan to step down eventually 




 i see them as good works of art. music is a great experience and it can be explained by science honestly. there are 8 notes in a scale, which all vibrate at a certain frequency, and when they do it in certain combinations, they make major, minor, diminished, augmented,etc chords. i think music is just a good experience. and christian artists, despite what they are singing about, are conveying a meaningful emotional experience, with usually poetic and well written lyrics. so that combined with good musicianship and instrumentals would also make for a pleasant listening experience. no reason to feel guilty i dont think 




 first thing reading through that: you're a good writer and it was really cool reading your articulate thoughts. hell is scary, and the whole science vs. religion and how some christians think science is evidence of how detailed god is... idk it just seems like an easy way out. but yeah there are times when i think back to the christian teachings i was raised with. how there are passages like, the enemy will try to deceive you or there will be false gods and stuff like that. but when i try to really look at the world, god just doesnt make sense. every culture had a religion to explain how they came to being.  




 Anyone else have any experience with this? I grew up in the church so almost all of my friends were part of this church circle. It feels almost impossible to break out and meet new people that think like me. 

How did you guys find a new circle? The friends I grew closest with I still consider my friends, but there definitely is a divide now.  




 i'll never feel tall enough ripped enough smart enough rich enough. and to be honest im insecure and ive never really felt like an alpha male, but if i admit that and show it, i think i become even less "masculine" 




 if you want to compete in mma or get really good, it's going to be pretty hard. bodybuilding is definitely intense training but the conditioning, flexibility, and movement training would for a significantly different goal than being a good striker/grappler 




 CPA 




 i used to always make fun of my parents for napping during the day. i'd say things like, "what's so tiring about driving? all you do is sit in the car." now i understand the joy of a nap 




