 Hate 




 Meatspin 




 I have a tramp stamp too...an unintentional asymmetric butterfly. I was 16 at the time. Sadly, it's going to get pretty expensive to cover up  




 What were you attempting to cover up? 




 Ahh Ned the piemaker, hot as hell that Lee Pace 




 Medium 




 Great advice!!! Thanks 😃 




 Pics of tattoos gone wrong are also welcome here! 




 My maternal great-grandmother had "Lotus Feet" - her feet were bound from when she was a little girl. Apparently she could scrub floors and run pretty surprisingly fast in those tiny shoes. A pair of her shoes is currently part of an exhibition in a London museum. 




 I've definitely put pressure on myself because I haven't accomplished what I "should have" by now - glad to hear things can get better! Thanks for sharing :) 









 In the scene where Thranduil says goodbye to Legolas by gesturing to his heart and then to Legolas who reaches out - was that a typical elvish gesture? 




 Naps and checking for chin whiskers. 




 Lenny? 




 So many BS self-proclaimed feminists have tarnished the term for me personally. I recently met one who loves to "fight the good fight" but actually has no idea what she's fighting for/about - she just makes a whole lot of noise for attention and is a hater when other chicks aren't "feminist" enough. Her displays of judgement and hating on other women are sad, ironic and hypocritical.  




 haha absolutely! Feel free to share more military bus stories! 




 I hope there was an applause!!  




 Lol I'll let you know if it works! 




 Adipocere 




 I read 2. "My straw is yellow" in Ralph Wiggum's voice. 




 Haha great idea, I'm a girl - would this work for a guy? 




 or Boston Pancake.. 




 I completely agree with you - I miss those good ol' days of being so comfortable with someone that you could do/ask weird stuff :) 




 Great advice here - unfortunately, I learnt this the hard way due to a lot of denial on my part. 




 Regrets. 




 To be honest, if a guy I was into had pics of naked women as their wallpaper - I'd be nervous and intimidated because I wouldn't be able to live up to those ideals. 

In saying that, I appreciate looking at an aesthetically pleasing male body so I wouldn't want to be a hypocrite. 




 this is strangely appealing to me.. 




 Witty sense of humour, humility and a great smile work wonders for me! 




 We were together for 2 years and lived together for a year. I came home one day to find some of his stuff gone with a note on the table stating this was the hardest thing he's ever had to do but he has to leave and he'll call the landlord to tell her we're moving out. 

To date, my heart has not sunk as dramatically as it did that day.  




 Play Simpsons Tapped Out 




 Jasmine Tridevil's three breasts - http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2766603/Meet-massage-therapist-self-proclaimed-hoaxer-claims-surgically-implanted-breast.html 




 Penny Dreadful 




 Living in your own place filled with stuff you bought yourself. 




 haha more more more! 




 HM 




 :S I'd feel embarrassed for her and everyone involved too! 




 “The less you respond to rude, critical, argumentative people...the more peaceful your life will become.”
― Mandy Hale 




 I overheard two girls having a bitchy conversation and wondered whether anyone has any good stories about conversations they've overheard. 




 Sounds cold but at the same time I really want to say well played!!!! 




 My parents transferred me to a new high school when I was 14 and I absolutely hated it. I decided not to go for about a week and a half and just stayed in my room and locked the door. My parents were at work but my bro was still home and he would bang on the door and i'd hide in the closet just in case he came in. 

I had to think of elaborate ways to appear like I had gone to school so one day I decided to throw my backpack out of the window and I climbed out of my second storey bedroom window and was holding onto the window sill trying to decide whether I'd jump onto the bush below or just try to slide my way down somehow. 
Ended up realising how stupid I was being and climbed back in. 




 I've had lots of experiences that have made me question whether I'm experiencing terrible nightmares or if there really is something happening. I've seen things coming out of the walls, faceless shadow people standing at the foot of my bed staring at me and every single time I can see my room in absolute detail.  




 Lack of confidence 




 It's cute - post a pic of your cat! 




 Josh. I wish I could go back in time and stop myself from screwing things up, I could have had a chance at happiness.  




 Consequences. Spent too much time being two-faced and a backstabber, what goes around - comes around.  




 Making judgments/assumptions 




 Mine are a decent size I guess so I understand that people may stare - regardless of whether I'm showing cleavage or trying to smuggle grapefruits. Don't care and not bothered, I'm proud of them! 




 Finally completing the Bachelor degree I had been stopping and starting for the past 11 years.  




