 I wear a 44L because I have long NBA player arms.  I went into HM and saw a blazer I loved but they only had it in 44R.  

What are my options?  The girl I was with took a look at the sleeves and said there wasn't enough material to get more than an inch and a half with a tailor.  That wouldn't be enough length.  Any alternatives to HM?  I really liked the low cost but slim fit.

Thanks. 




 Thanks.  One more question... with an exercise like squats is there an alternative to high reps?  I can do plenty of bw squats but I can barely do one legged squats.  Is there an in-between progression? 




 I dunno.  I'm new here but I've seen a lot of programs focused around a lot of situps, pushups, and pullups.  (i.e.  hundredpushups.com ) 




 The main reason I can never stick with body weight exercises is because after about 20 reps I lose interest and can't get the motivation to finish.

How do you guys push thru and do 100+ situps, 50 burpees, etc ?

Especially when breaking them into smaller sets isn't an option because you need more reps to challenge yourself but can't quite progress to an advanced version of the same exercise.

Also, how does hypertrophy apply to this as well?

EDIT:  I will check out the FAQ's for better progressions.  Thanks for the replies though!
 




 You are correct.  I have a mirrorless Sony NEX and if you don't mind shooting manual,there's no limit to lenses you can use. 




 I read it but I'm confused... It didn't really seem like any useful advice. 




 Is this in store as well? Also, when does it end. 




 Yes.  I do.

We're all human beings and make mistakes.  I regret making someone I truly loved feel horrible and worthless.  I was young and didn't understand it then, but I understand it now. 




 What you're going through right now is very tough and I don't think anything I can say will help. But take it from someone nearly 10 years older than you... YOU HAVE SO MUCH LIFE LEFT TO LIVE!!!  You're very young.

I know how you feel however.  And I know that it will be hard to realize that now and in this moment.  Focus on a goal.  Focus on something you really want (besides her) and put all your energy towards that.  




 Dude, she did you a favor.  If you don't respect yourself nobody else will.

At least you didn't have to deal with that during marriage.

Don't get me wrong, its TOUGH.  But sometimes you have to put these things in perspective and realize that over time you'll look back and be glad it ended. 




 This is just what I needed to read.  Also, for those of you who have been dumped, it's also not easy when you're the person who breaks it off.

I beat myself up constantly knowing that I hurt someone when I thought I was doing the right thing by not wasting their time and taking them through my ups and downs. 




 *In Nelson voice*   HA HAAA! 




 Make sure you're doing this for the right reasons and not because you feel "dreadful."  Also, be prepared for an outcome that may not be what you desired.

I'm interested to see how it goes because I've been on both sides of this situation. 




 Don't do it!  I had a similar situation and almost wound up with a restraining order.  That surprise stuff seems cool in the movies but in real life it might not work out like that.

Just call her and see how it goes. 




 I sat here thinking of what to say in response to this and all I could come up with was, "Wow." 




 brb. looking up "ignominy" 




 Talk to older people.  Any older friends or family you have will give you perspective on why you probably have not met the person you're going to be with for life yet.  You're only 20 with your whole life ahead of you.

The feelings you're having are natural. Give it time.  But I'll let you know now, you guys still being friends and still talking will only delay your healing. 




 I don't know if you'll see this but I am one of the most uncaring non-empathetic people you'd ever see usually. But your post spoke out to me. Please don't kill yourself. If you must get away, run away, but don't kill yourself. Trust me it gets better.  




 Obviously you already have your mind made up so just follow your heart.

Best case:  It works out.
Worst case:  It doesn't and you'll have learned a valuable life lesson in the most effective manner possible... by experiencing it firsthand. 




 It's going to take time.  There's nothing you can do.  What is it that keeps reminding you of her?  If you can you need to do everything to remove those reminders.

I had a girl break up with me but we had mutual friends on twitter.  Someone would RT her and it would ruin my day.  I created a filter in Tweetdeck to remove any tweets with her name in it.

It sounds simple but little stuff like this helped me heal and not think about her all the time.  If there's nothing triggering the memory but your scumbag brain then the only thing I can recommend is keeping yourself occupied so you don't have time to think about what could've been. 




 They're only hurting themselves with the mandatory group tip IMO.  I tip higher than the 18% normally.  But I'm so put off when I see i'm forced to tip that I just leave it at the 18% and don't tip extra. 




 Eh... If they (or their insurance) wants to pay for it then it's their prerogative.  I actually stay away from ER because the bill is usually ridiculous.  




 It's your call.  Just know if you do it you well feel horrible for awhile.  But in the long term it will be the best thing to do. 




 This is so relevant to me right now.  I wish I could upvote you more.  I'm going to save this. 




 Wow.  I know you in real life.  Small world.  I'll give this recipe a try. 




 I think it's very normal for us guys.  We get conflicted because we know we can't give the girl the relationship she deserves but don't want to hurt her feelings.

Then we end it because it feels like the right thing to do.  But afterwards we feel like shit because the girl is still sad anyway and now we're lonely.  I'm going through this process as well.  If I would have known about this subreddit I would've posted it here.

http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/16z92o/28m_broke_up_with_24f_did_i_do_the_right_thing/
 




 I just want to say that I don't think it's that uncommon at all for girl's to want sex more than guys once they get in a comfortable relationship.  I've been in that position before and it's awkward to tell a girl "No."

The rest of your post is typical relationship stuff.  You did the right thing.  You'll be alright. 




 It's probably the right thing to do.  Why did you break his heart and then ask for him back?  




 What difference does it make if it's quick?  If the other person has doubts or has made up their mind it's best to end it.  

As the dumpee you're still holding onto feelings that why you wanted it to last longer.  The other person would be doing both of you a disservice by prolonging something they didn't want to be in.  I mean, when is the *right* time in your eyes? 




 Quickly.  Either way he's going to be hurt.  You might as well let him start the healing process sooner than later. 




 This may be hard but you're going to have to separate from your feelings for a minute and think logically.

This girl...

1. Has been chumming it up with an old friend.
2. Has been avoiding you
3. Decides to break up with you on fucking Valentines Day!?!?

Sounds like she did you a favor bro.  

At best she's highly confused about her feelings and its best that she let you go while she sorts it out.  At worst she's a selfish cruel bitch. 




 Dude you are so young that none of this will even matter in the grand scheme that is your life.  Be glad you're going through it now because the experience will help in the future.

I went through my first major breakup at 28 and it was TOUGH.  Imagine being with someone for years and not being equipped to deal with the pain while all your friends are getting married.

You're 18.  You're still learning what you'll be in life.  Have fun and try to move on.  You'll meet so many women over the next few years it will blow your mind. 




 I like what this subreddit represents and all, but I feel like not giving a fuck is either in you or it isn't.  The guy that got dumped by his ex on Valentine's Day isn't going to all of a sudden stop being depressed because of a few words on here.  It takes multiple failures and an internal resolution to get to that point.  And the time it takes for that to happen is different for everyone.

Most people have to get to a point where they decide *"enough is enough!"* and change their life.

I'll leave you with a quote from Anthony De Mello.  It's in the context of relationships but I think it applies here:


"It didn’t make sense to me for many years until I suddenly discovered 
that people have to suffer enough in a relationship so that they get disillusioned with all
relationships. Isn’t that a terrible thing to think? They’ve got to suffer enough in a 
relationship before they wake up and say, “I’m sick of it! There must be a better way of 
living than depending on another human being.” And what was I doing as a 
psychotherapist? People were coming to me with their relationship problems, with their 
communication problems, etc., and sometimes what I did was a help. But sometimes, I’m 
sorry to say, it wasn’t, because it kept people asleep. Maybe they should have suffered a 
little more. Maybe they ought to touch rock bottom and say, “I’m sick of it all.”  **It’s only 
when you’re sick of your sickness that you’ll get out of it.**  Most people go to a psychiatrist or a psychologist to get relief. I repeat: to get relief. Not to get out of it" 




 I'm a GT alum.  How do you feel about Paul Johnson's offense?

oh and Hillary?!??  wow.  




 Because it can make a subpar photo look good.  Also, its easy to apply at the press of a button. 




 I dunno.  Heartbreak is probably the worst pain I've ever felt and I've been through A LOT in life. 




 My head exploded and ascended into the atmosphere when I saw what [this guy looked like.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laStiu_sUd4)  




 True.  But it's gotta sting knowing that the Cardinals, Seahawks, and Buccaneers have been. 




 The only NFC team that has NEVER been to the Superbowl.  That's gotta sting if you're a Lions fan. 




 Be glad you've been spared the pain of heartbreak then. 




 I'm struggling right now with all my relationships.  I just broke up with my girl because my heart wasn't in it and it was the right thing to do.

See [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/16z92o/28m_broke_up_with_24f_did_i_do_the_right_thing/)


The problem is I underestimated the friendship I had with my gf.  It wasn't perfect but at least I had someone who was obligated to put me before everyone else.  At least I had someone to vent to.

Now that I'm single and depressed nobody is around.  I have friends, but I always feel like I'm bothering them and they all have other priorities whether it's kids or a significant other.  

So this leaves me by myself.  Who am I supposed to talk to?  I feel like nobody understands me.  Even when I was in a relationship I was the type of friend to drop everything and be there for a friend in need.  


I don't have the best relationship with my family either so I truly feel Forever Alone. 




 I agree as well.  I've been depressed lately and have been rolling with the mantra, "When in doubt. Write." I have a ton of journal entries over the past two years.  It's therapeutic. 




 I don't wish mental problems or depression or anxiety on anybody.

On the outside everything is great in my life.  Good job with great salary, tall, handsome and athletic but inside my mind I've been to hell and back.  For a while I was taking Prozac but I quit it cold turkey against my doctor's orders.  That was about 2 years ago and I think I'm much better but when I have my down moments they're BAD.  It used to be better because I had my girlfriend to talk to but now I don't have anyone I feel like talking to about my problems because they all *seem* so unimportant in the grand scheme of things. 




 Doing pushups in the office would be taboo where I work.  I once did it during a brainstorming session amongst four other people in a non-formal setting and was told it was the most unprofessional thing someone had ever seen. 




 Michael or Christopher.  You're basically giving your kid no originality and asking for mistaken identity problems later. 




 This is good stuff.  I've got a Spanish learning blog where I'm applying this.  I'm also going to start a GMAT prep blog as well.  I figure if I type out daily lessons of how to study effectively then it's just as good as me teaching a live person. 




 Told my ex I cheated on her.  Even though it was the right thing and I never did it again, the next few years of our relationship were hell.

Had I not said nothing and just acted right things would have been much better. 




 Knowing when and how to end a relationship. 




 At least you're being honest.  It's hard as fuck being a black guy when you have to deal with those stereotypes tho.  And be honest, you know there are just as many white people who fit those stereotypes as well. 




 What's your racial makeup?  I'm pretty sure to get into this you have to fit a standard profile right? 




