 When I was a kid I got to visit a site where they had been pumping mud into the ground for days. I'll never forget what it felt like when the formation broke - I still can't imagine what was down there. It was like a bomb went off underground, dust rose a foot off the ground for a hundred yards around the well head as I felt my first and only earthquake.

I can't believe this shit is "up for debate". 




 that the school isn't justifying its end of the bargain

We narrowly avoided having religion crammed down the throats of kids that are already going to have it a lot harder than we ever knew. I'm with it, go to fucking school. Period.

It doesn't mean they have to like it. It doesn't mean what they are learning is true, but what it does mean is that they're learning to do things they don't want to do, and if that's not what life is all about I'm missing that point years ago.

Look, I can only hope there was more in a classroom today besides how to count and turn in a mediocre essay. There needs to be more substance that involves what the hell is really going on with this planet. The basics need to be taught earlier, thinktanks need to be assembled to cater to localized deficiencies.

Calling me a fuck up is like calling every kid that got a 6 year degree and has a substandard income a complete failure. It's not fair and you know it. 




 Next up: Mandatory Catechism, and the beatings will improve until morale continues. 




 Like a hot knife through butter,

Spreading my patience thin.

Killing me softly in a game of hard ball,

That neither of us can win.

They'll take what they can get, two miles to the inch,

It's not even really their fault.

Their parents don't love them, or don't try hard enough,

If they do it seems for naught.

Karma's the bitch, she gives what's coming,

What you do comes right back to you.

But if seeing is believing, and hearing is knowing,

We learn an absolute truth.

That time is on our side, these wounds will heal,

They'll grow over in a beautiful scar.

What does not kill us will make us stronger,

Just stare farther, a little longer,

Pulling horizons all the closer from afar.

---

Cheers my friend. Here's to the wavelength we share. 




 Guess I just gotta man up and work at it.

It's what we do best. 




 A winning lottery ticket so I can travel the world freeing slaves and shooting badguys. 




 no you are not an idiot, at all. you hit the nail on the head.

read it backwards line by line ;)

---

ok i tried the hourglass. reddit formatting screws it up. it changes the font, even if i indent the whole thing, and that makes the last line shorter than the second to last line.

i'll have to put it in a word processor and take a screenshot to get that right, but its a fantastic idea. 




 great stuff here. steamy. i can really relate to the way it's written, the anthropomorphism is outstanding. 




 meeting someone special is not as hard as it seems

especially when we like many of the same things

even when we agree to disagree in between

we both see its not easy being green

and when its time to come clean

when our qualities are redeemed

admitting what our dreams really mean

it's like nothing before ever believed or seen

when someone special is indeed what they seem



 




 I've found that the more you get to know someone the easier it is to come out with words that make time spent together so special.

Meeting someone new is challenging in that you have to squeeze the most out of those first few moments in order to produce something spectacular.

The kicker is, you probably don't even know your'e doing it. There is something about you that she already finds charming, perhaps its the very fact that you don't know what it is.

I've never been good at it, no matter the situation, but I've learned that few things are more attractive than raw wit and humor coupled with confidence and dignity. These are things I strive to find in myself, and when I do I come up with something terrible, funny, prophetic, or just plain stupid because of who I am.

Everyone is different and there is no better ingredient for a good time than to be comfortable with yourself. Being self conscious has always been a big problem for me, and I overcome it by being able to step back and make light of whatever awkward behavior it is that I am exhibiting.

Sometimes it just takes time to get comfortable enough around someone special to let it rip, and it might help to look at it like a buildup. You never know when the cork will pop in a conversation, when the opportunity will strike to make an impression or a move. It's the spontaneity that gets people together, and I'd say just keep that one thing in mind when your'e around her.

Live for the moment.

---

For you, bro:


Roses are red,

Violets are blue,

I am staring at your tits again aren't I... 




 callouses snag silk lingerie

grit from the days work smudges

eyeliner rolls away with sweat

moments evaporate into late hours

these delusions of an abandoned heart

that knows no bounds

and feels no comfort 




 Creepy right! Thanks for the topic. I wish there were more of these. 




 Like wine from water, gold from lead,

Beauty fills my mind, stuck in my head

Growing and spilling, out of my fingers

The scent of yours where it still lingers

Thick on my hands, but thin to the touch

Pictures lost to fires missed all too much

Your memory rises out of thick black ash

Fatal attraction, where rock and life crash

A scorned lover thrown from a cold windy cliff

To the chasm below where tides and sand drift

Carrying your body and blood out to sea

Where life starts anew, the end the beginning 




 At this point anything we can do to encourage kids to do better in school is probably worth it. 




 What's worse are the proponents of the whole "War on Drugs" which is perpetuating this kind of violence.  




 i bet if everyone in my building fired up IE at the same time that the emergency generators would kick on. 




 That's the only way laws get repealed though, for being too oppressive. If clauses exist that make a horrible piece of legislation workable then we are stuck with that legislation only to jump through hoops for the rest of our life. While I agree that something must be done to allow people to vote since this crap got passed I don't think polishing this turd is going to help anyone in the long run.

It's just a diversion anyway. [Elections in this country are a scam as it is](http://www.reddit.com/r/texas/comments/1ops17/ted_cruz_failed_to_disclose_ties_to_caribbean/ccue8b3). 




 i'm glad you got something out of this. i don't typically tear into people but sometimes i feel like i can do something for the both of us when it comes to issues like this. i have a family of mixed heritage and want nothing more than for everyone to try to understand each other. it means the world to me, and the world to everyone else whether we realize it or not.

thanks for the gold and keep your chin up. you seem like a good person and i hope i wasn't too offensive with the banter. 




 that was a fake spoiler to draw you into reading an article about the women in your family. 




 thats actually what i was looking for when i found this article. 




 I think the train is going the wrong way. I don't know anyone in Dallas who wants to live in Houston. 









  Deplorable and discriminatory to you, because you're white.

That's an accusation, or at least a brain fart of an assumption.

 Do you feel that you own the English language and all meanings between people?

This leading question can be interpreted as an accusation. Why ask questions like this when you can just come out and say it.

 But don't try to defend everyone from themselves.

Don't accuse me of trying to defend everyone from themselves.

 The reason you call the N word deplorable is because it riles up your own white guilt.

There's another accusation. Textbook even. Go read that definition again..

 Don't try to put that on everyone else.

Again, accusing me of "trying to put that on everyone else".

Dude, get a grip. This is racist whether you know it or not:

 I am native american, how is it different than black people using the n word?

This is entitlement:

 Is this something else your culture would like to strip from us?

Nobody stripped shit from *you*. Wake up. You don't see me making generalizations about ancient history. This is the year 2013. You are a free man and you can achieve whatever you put your heart and mind into. It's like you want reparations from me. I work at 7-11 dude. Repair your own goddamn self. 




 Piss off with your baseless accusations, logical fallacies, bitter entitlement, and misguided resentment. The more you type the more you appear racist. I'm surprised your account hasn't been banned.

Good luck out there.

... "white guilt" ... What a crock of shit haha.... 




 you've had that brisket stuffed relleno and you weren't impressed? damn, tough crowd. i grew up in el paso, and corpus, have lived in dallas, san antone, houston, and now austin, and that relleno recipe is amazing.

the best relleno i've ever had was on a train from chihuahua mexico down to topolobampo. took us through the copper canyon and at every stop villagers would board the train with tamales, blankets, and at one particular stop, the best relleno i have ever eaten in my life. i didnt know they could taste that good. it was a very different recipe, but the flavor was outstanding.

when i eat somewhere new i order the relleno as a litmus test for the skill and dedication in the kitchen.

i'll admit that there have been times where i've eaten at Trudy's and it didn't come out like the first one, but that can be chalked up to the cook. the recipe is great, and that's why i give torchy's the benefit of the doubt in conversation. 




 that use of the N word is deplorable and discriminatory in its own twisted way. its ok for one person to say something but not another because of a difference in skin color? seriously?

how about i make one called "got_here_in_1624_and_started_stripping_things_from_the_natives".

hey, it's ok for me to use that, right? because it's true and because i'm "white"? right?

sounds good. 




 curious. what did you order? i only eat the rellenos but they are without a doubt the best around. 




 trainspotting. i've probably seen it 500 times. no joke. 




 Welcome to /r/Texas. Here is your keyboard, and here is your whiskey.

I have a story for you to lighten the mood.

Once upon a time, a Prince asked a beautiful Princess, "Will you marry me?" The Princess said, "No!!!" And the Prince lived happily ever after and rode motorcycles and dated skinny long-legged full-breasted women and hunted and fished and raced cars and went to nude bars and dated ladies half his age and drank whiskey, beer and Captain Morgan and never heard bitching and never paid child support or alimony and dated cheerleaders and kept his house and guns and ate spam and potato chips and beans and blew enormous farts and never got cheated on while he was at work and all his friends and family thought he was friggin cool as hell and he had tons of money in the bank and left the toilet seat up.

Edit: THE END
 




 You've beautifully illustrated how badly broken our voting system is on a mathematical level.

-Candidate A and B represent their constituents in mutual exclusion for party C

-Candidate X and Y represent their constituents in mutual exclusion for party Z

For the sake of argument let's say that each primary for each party is won with a 51% vote - essentially half of each set of constituents. This is then representative of 1/2 of the people being governed.

And for the sake of argument let's say that we have a huge election between the parties, kind of like our last presidential election, where there is a 51% majority electing the most important actor in the country.

We then get 1/2 of 1/2 of the people represented well. If you throw in the actual number of representatives and levels of voting, something like 1/2 * 16, you get what we have today: only the most influential of the populace being represented. 

That this group happens to be the wealthiest is probably not a coincidence.


 




 Had to laugh at this one. That is NOT a "rolling prairie". [This is](https://www.google.com/search?q=rolling+prairieclient=ubuntuhs=MSDchannel=cstbm=ischtbo=usource=univsa=Xei=U1JhUrPOFOOd2QWju4DADAved=0CE4QsAQbiw=1336bih=801dpr=1) what comes to mind when I hear it described.

Barstow, let alone Orla, are hardly what they used to be. There used to be enough grass to warrant regular cattle drives to Cheyenne through the region and support huge herds of buffalo. That hasn't been the case in 100 years.

There is a great TED talk by a guy who grew up certain that the reason for desertification was due to overgrazing. He even went as far as to spearhead the massacre of thousands of African elephants.

Later in life, as scientific knowledge expanded, he grew determined to undo the damage he had done by dedicating his life to finding workable solutions to desertification around the globe.

Climate change and evolution are not called "theories" because the fact that they happen is up for debate - the debate is how it happens and what to do about it.

It's a great watch and I have you to thank for finding it because I would not have found it today. Here is the full link:

http://www.ted.com/talks/allan_savory_how_to_green_the_world_s_deserts_and_reverse_climate_change.html

I actually found it on the [Circle Ranch's website](http://circleranchtx.com). They are settled up in the foothills of the Sierra Diablo mountains south of "the peak", and are known for copper, silver, and gold mining, and old drug runner airplane strips. As a note, yes the grass is pretty green there, but they are also situated on the side of the mountain. 20 miles east or west of those mountains is classic Chihuahua.

So many people agree with it not just because they are educated in climatology or part of some false dichotomy of politics, but because they've lived it. 

This is the same reason why Buzz Aldrin punched Bart Sibrel, only the place I grew up on became the moon beneath our feet 100 years ago and people pushing for pollution in the name of economy and profit are the proponents of doubt.

 




 Thank god our government doesn't work this way. 




 What I'm saying is that the place used to be a rolling grassland when settlers arrived, and it takes years of good rain for that kind of thing to build up.

It's not really relevant to west Texas, but I wanted to share [this image](http://www.globalchange.umich.edu/globalchange2/current/lectures/deforest/defores9.JPG) that shows deforestation in the states. I'd be willing to bet that regular rain was far more plentiful when those trees were around too. It does speak to the desertification of the place though. I think it would be difficult to convince anyone that less vegetation means anything but less vegetation, regardless of the primary cause - and not to mention the scale.

Again, digging up what I'm talking about has been difficult, especially since the last person who told me about how wonderful the grass was out there is 89 years old, and she heard it from her father in law. I did find [one of Camp Mabry] (http://climatediscovery.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/Average-Monthly-Rainfall-Mabry-3-Drought-Periods-copy-8x6.jpg) though, and it's not very comforting. The graph clearly displays a predicable decline, albeit cyclical, but a decline nonetheless in actual rain. If only we could rewind that graph for the purposes of this pointless conversation.

I'm just saying there was a hell of a lot more frequent rain 200 years ago over a hell of a lot more country than there has been in the last 100 years. I don't care what kind of cycle it is, the fact is that there's no sign of it letting up and when it comes to the well being of loved ones the obvious choice is to err on the side of caution and GTFO. When people ask why, well then, we tellem'. If they don't like it or they wanna buy the f*cking place, good luck to them. 




 I never said it was a lush forest, dude. I said it was rolling prairies. It being an expanding desert is exactly what I'm talking about.

Hauled plenty of pipe out to Barstow and I know what that "green" looks like, and it ain't grass. It's greasewood and catclaw. Hell, even mesquite will barely grow out there it's so dry.  




 I always get pounced on when I talk about it. My family made a fortune by the turn of the century and spent it all trying to recoup losses as things got worse. It's a touchy enough subject for me because I'm basically living proof of what's happening. 




 I don't recall saying the millions of cattle that died had to have died within some imaginary time span that you have ascribed to my words to benefit your argument. When I say drought I'm talking about this real meaning of the word:

It would have to rain for many, many years straight before that kind of grass returns to the praries out there. My father has an ag degree from Sul Ross and he told me some pretty eye-opening things about how certain types of plants will not return to that area until it's been wet for decades. It's kind of hard to ignore or chalk up to regional variations in climate when speciation halts and all but the toughest of flora and fauna have left.

Do I hope it get's wet? Of course. But like I said, I'm not betting the farm on it because the farm is already toast.

And stop with the name calling. It just makes you look stupid. 




 [This](http://a248.e.akamai.net/origin-cdn.volusion.com/xsbcm.qoply/v/vspfiles/photos/tx_pecos_43_terms-2.jpg?1353173056) is obviously a google maps view of some part of Pecos county, but very telling none the less.

You don't need me to google for the images. Zoom in on the Trans-Pecos region using Google Earth and you can see that sand colored space between the greasewood. 

[This](https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQMhBSPrNpgsm2sK1PmYmp660LQaQUza4P2ltrRLsDoISELqZRn6Q) reminds me of the ranch the last time I saw it. Not sure where that picture was taken but it's eerily familiar. (edit: It hit me why this looks so familiar. It's just like the scenes in the photos from my family album when we lived south of Odessa when I was a kid)

The pictures on my father's wall are the most telling. They show what life was like for them in the 50's when things got real bad. The old men standing in those pictures are the ones whos father's settled the area back when indian raids were common and the land was, evidently, worth fighting for. It's $1 an acre today and the places I am familiar with, which is essentially from Marfa to Odessa (discounting, of course, the Davis Mountains, which are as green as it gets out there), are basically worthless unless you have the money to drill for deep water. It can cost $200,000 to drill a well a couple thousand feet and that kind of money just doesn't exist in the places that have been hit the hardest.

It's a sad state of affairs and it's not just Texas but this entire part of the North American continent is in for a big shift in population centers. On a long enough timeline, Corpus *will* get wiped out by a hurricane, and on that same timeline, sand dunes *will* spread beyond Monahans. 

Will it be in my lifetime? I hope not. Somehow I can't bring myself to bet against it, and that's for sure. There is no way I could consider hanging on to that land knowing what I know. Why on Earth would I repeat the mistakes that my forefather's made? With the abundance of technology and information, I can literally design a map set in a GIS application to show me the perfect spot to live given certain criteria.

People back then obviously could not do that, and now it's a humanitarian crisis as people die in the desert trying to illegally enter the US as much as it is an economic crisis as families across the west board up their homes and head for wetter climes. Ecologically speaking, there is no way to sustain the cattle industry that once thrived, and farming (as delicious as the Pecos canteloupe is), is no longer feasible even for the most prepared.

For instance, we had a few square miles of pivot sprinkler lines south of Pecos a while back. The wells were not deep and the only way to get a good flow was to drill down into the Rustler. We didn't have to do that because the gigantic operation across highway 17 from us had tapped the Rustler years ago and the flow was reportedly dwindling fast.

That's old water too. Check out some of the fascinating hydrology reports that UT has done on the area. Some of that water has been underground for 20,000 years, and now it's being pumped out exponentially faster than it is being replaced.

I could go on, for sure. 




 Sigh..

Yes, yes. Corpus got rain this year, and good estimates are that about a quarter of a million have actually died in the past couple of years.

But we aren't talking about this year. We are talking about 20, 40, 60 years from now and the long term trends preceding this disaster.

Right? Or are we going to go out and water our lawns every day because it rained last October?

Indeed drought comes and goes, but that doesn't mean we can't do anything about it. If people need to pack up and sell their land, there needs to be justification, and they have it now.

Even your previous reference to the THSA's site says:

"Information concerning pioneer-day droughts is sketchy because of the absence of official statistics; but data on some droughts, especially those during the nineteenth century, can be compiled from individual complaints recorded in newspapers, diaries, and memoirs."

They didn't have the Internet to share information instantly back then, and so went about with their lives largely noticing only that which affected them directly. Now that we know what's going on, and that this area is prone to years of dry weather, something *can* be done about it. We can prove it to the point of a for sale sign in front of the farm.

I really don't think you are getting the bigger picture. If you really knew families who have suffered because of this then you wouldn't be so quick to claim that because it rained today that there is a reason to keep the farm for another 20 years.



 




 Right. Because this erases my grandfather's, father's, and my own memory. I understand your mindset - you simply have nothing to lose if the south west does dry up and blow away. 

Many cannot afford to simply dismiss that possibility because of one side of some argument. As you can see, there is plenty of scientific data both ways.

But for my kin, living out there in the heydey, they'd tell you the same thing: It. Is. Getting. More. And. More. Dry.

Why would they say that? To scare you? Right. That's what people losing their livelihood like to do to other people.

Why didn't I think of that..

None of that "all this is perfectly normal!" crap is going to make bit of difference. Normal or not, it's getting drier. 

Do you think my family would have defended the frontiers of Texas over a pile of limestone and some tosajilla?

No. Mine and many other pioneering families saw promise in the land. They saw green, water, pristine expanse.

So when you call this ridiculous just take a step back for a moment and look at what's more ridiculous: people losing millions of cattle to a drought when there used to be plenty of water to support them, or people calling them names for trying to raise those cattle to being with.

 




 I can't stand how people doubt that Texas is headed for desertification just because we get *some* rain periodically.

When I was a kid Corpus was like a rain forest to me. Having come from west Texas, where it's *really* dry, all that green and rain was amazing. Over the 20 years that I lived in Corpus I watched it rain less and less, and when I brought this up to my father he told me that his father said the same thing about west Texas. Not that the place has been exactly a tropical rain forest in human memory, but still..

The Goodnight-Loving trail ran through the ranch land that we settled, and it was rolling plains of neck-high grass as far as you could see. Today that area is a parched waste land that resembles nothing that ever recieves water. Nothing but cactus and greasewood with the occasional mesquite and catclaw.

This place is drying up and people who have generations in this state will tell you. We don't need science to know that something is very wrong here, but it helps.

Sometimes. 




 Keep changing it up buddy. 




 I lived in the "suburbs" of Mentone as a kid. In fact, my family ranched in Loving county for like 100 years until it dried up and blew away. My dad tells me that he and his buddies loaded the last live cattle to be shipped by train in the U.S. outside of Toyah in '64 or so. The stories I could tell if I could remember everything I've ever heard my dad talk about with his old buddies out there. Even [crazy uncle Jep](http://freepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~bclayton/jep.html) is well remembered in that part of the world.

It isn't a crappy place to be from. I'd much rather be from a place where it took real guts and grit to survive than from a place where we are slaves to a modern way of life. I'd even live out there today if I had a way to support myself, but unfortunately for me there are probable between 0 and 1 IT jobs in the region. 

The area is pristine, arid, and isolated - except for the well heads every 200 feet..

I miss the big, rare deer, the rattlesnakes, playing with the scorpions, centipedes, and tarantulas. I miss the massive and most amazing looking thunderstorms only a parched desert can produce every couple of years. I miss driving around with my dad in the middle of nowhere in a 4x4 loaded with tools and supplies. I really miss living in the ancient ranch house that was literally 30 miles from the nearest human being. I miss exploring the sinkholes, finding arrowheads and ancient Spanish soldier spurs, coat buttons, and candles. I miss the gas refrigerator that was older than my dad but still worked, and I miss clanging away on the WWI surplus generator when we needed power, which was only necessary when we were building something like a shed or a porch or working on the old house. I really miss cooling off in the secret springs after a long day of moving cattle over the distance of several miles.

I miss the clear night skies the most. I know I'm crazy for wanting to go back, but it's so far away from people and their problems, and the air is so clean and feels so good to breathe that it's worth the pain to me.

Just my $0.02.

---

It feels good to see the area getting a little time on Reddit. Beautiful? Obviously. Hospitable? In no sense of the word. I've been telling people for years what it was like growing up there and sometimes I'd just get laughed at. Seeing these pictures brought back a lot of memories. They are a testament to how rough life out there can be, but they also depict the beauty of the landscape and the nostalgia of the working the oilfields very well. 




 In 50 years we won't have anything to worry about as long as we put the money we make from this oil into education. 




 Btw, that's not an oil rig, it looks like a storage site (I don't know the specific term)

I think it's called a "clusterfuck" in the vernacular. 




 63 year-old woman visiting US for daughter's wedding harassed and traumatized by immigration officers *every day*

ftfy 




 reminds me of an uncle i had who drowned in a vat of whiskey. we tried to save him but he bravely fought us off. 




 You people on the left get so butt-hurt by anything you don't agree

it's this entire perspective that caused the mess we are in today. that whole "you people" crap has to go, or we are just going to be in-fighting over petty bullshit until we really do render this planet uninhabitable.

in case you haven't noticed, the people you are sitting here bashing are your neighbors, your teachers, your doctors, and your police force, and in case you haven't noticed, this whole bi-partisan system has recently derailed to produce a gigantic cluster fuck of a government shutdown.

our government is shut down, sir, and for you to sit there and pretend like the problem lies with some imaginary line across the screen in the voting booth is as asinine as some of the fucked up policies YOU PEOPLE vote for. 




 How deep is the well? I used to work the last few pumps out on the Tunstill lease and constantly had to soap them.

I actually spent a lot of time there as a kid. I miss it for the night skies and clean air, but every other thing about that country is as forbidding and unforgiving as can be. 




 Try putting up a sign at that intersection about who to contact because the signal timing sucks.

If it's bad enough to cause people to avoid the light, the line will get flooded with calls while 37 people with cell phones sit there at a red light for 4 minutes - all. day. long. 




 I wouldn't complain, that's for sure. I might quit my job, especially if my boss needed someone to tell them to fuck off proper, and take the time to educate myself enough to get a more enjoyable if not higher paying job.

Personally, I'd take six months off to write some software I've been wanting to produce and/or start a different type of business that I've been wanting to crank up for a while now, but I have the bills of a paycheck to paycheck dad and have to work accordingly. 




 Along with what you are doing, this is what I'd try: 

Don't talk at all, but depending on whether or its due to illness or yelling, I may or may not try to clear my throat gently but often. For illness/allergies, I'd clear my throat and gargle with salt water every few hours. For yelling, only when necessary.

Keep a warm, wet rag on your throat to keep the blood circulating. 

Take some fish oil twice a day - bit the capsule and let it coat your throat, hopefully a small amount will work its way down there. 

Take steamy showers to get humidity through there. 

Take some ibuprofen to cut down on the inflammation.

Take some chondroitin and glucosamine vitamins. I think vocal have essentially the same constitution of part of, say, the knee, to warrant this kind of vitamin.

Keep oral contact with sexual fluids to a minimum... 




