 This is interesting because we somehow got around to talking about pills and dosage in a recent lecture actually. 

Part of it is to do with how you use the pill as a product. Certain pills might be marketed in small doses per individual pill for safety reasons, e.g. so you don't accidentally harm yourself taking too much; one less concentrated pill on its own isn't going to be so harmful. Also so that you can take smaller doses than one might normally need, should you wish (I'm talking things like paracetamol, asprin, everyday over the counter type pills).

But a lot of the time it's for general ease of dosage, particularly if they are prescribed pills that you yourself are meant to take regularly to a prescribed schedule. For instance, it's easier to remember to take one slightly weaker pill per day than a slightly stronger pill every two days, as the routine you maintain in doing so is easier to remember, and also with a weaker pill, the damage of missing one would be less (I'd imagine). This way you're more likely to receive the right dosage because you are more likely to take it correctly.



It's also why a lot of birth control comes with placebo pills for seven days, rather than simply a break of no pills. I'm not sure how familiar you are with birth control pills but with the most common type you basically take it once a day for 28 days, then have a break for seven days (have yourself a period), then resume with it. With the brands that come with additional placebo pills that don't do anything for the seven days, rather than those that simply give you 28 days worth of pills on their own you just keep going without breaking your routine, no potential difficulties in trying to remember where you last broke off etc.


Sorry for my dreadful examples, but hopefully you get the idea was trying so so poorly to convey :p

EDIT: 21 days, not 28, rather 




 Falconry!

I'd love to try it, and who doesn't think the idea of owning and caring for a bird of prey would be cool? But I've no idea how people go about starting with it. You obviously can't (or rather shouldn't) buy a bird of prey without first giving it a go and finding out if it's really for you and learning a whole lot of background stuff. But from where?

Like, where do you even go to learn about stuff like that outside of the internet?

:( 




 I find this both stressful and satisfying to watch... 




 Thanks for the replies folks! I've currently taken on a swap to keep me busy for now. Hopefully we can sort out swaps for the next time I'm swap-free :3

Have a lovely day 




 Nice, I wish I'd known this was on, would have loved to have gone 




 This was nice... I really enjoy seeing comedians or whoever handling hecklers well without being too heavy handed :3 




 Aww shame, she was awesome, and she signed my book :D But if that sort of thing's not your cup of tea then fair enough :3 




 Seriously you should go anyway, you'll regret missing the chance to see her! 




 Agreed, this video just made me uncomfortable :( 




 I don't think the clothes are even that bad, it's just...why so angry? :( 




 Aren't they? 




 Seconded the mlp stuff, (am also griller). I truly believe there was a time when it would have been (somewhat moreso) socially acceptable to be into ponies and now the golden age has passed.  I just lost interest once it became known as the fandom with all those grown men in it who masturbate to children's toys and stuff... 




 No I totally agree here with Cryptic. It was pretty mean to make fun of him that much...though...maybe in a way it could be what he needed, poor guy...

EDIT: Just reached the part about "when are you going back to Ohio, we want you to leave". Bit harsh, like... 




 Needs more Nick Cage ;) 




 Jonathan Rhys Meyers is a nice touch, I don't think he gets as much appreciation as he should 




 Oh God Shia Laboeuf as Paul, that'd be so horrible... 




 Well...gosh 




 This is Reddit. Suffering Olympics and all that... 




 Came here to post the exact same thing you beautiful son of a bitch 




 http://www.harkavagrant.com/?id=341

I don't know, the BG can be pretty cold but, Nazis? Maybe I need to read further on with sequels than I currently have though... 




 Elaborate 




 THANK YOU. Nice to know I'm not alone on this one 









 "STAY OUT OF OUR FANDOMS FILTHY WHORE CASUALS"..."Why are there no m'ladies here?"

Edit: This https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0ggK9-TBVY 




 Literally Hitler. 




 I was obsessed with the Hogfather adaptation when it came out. I think it was maybe mostly to do with a teenage crush I had on the actors playing Mr Teatime and Susan. Good times. I should dig the DVD out sometime... 




 American Gods would be cool. I think HBO was going to make it into a tv miniseries(?) but then it just hung around in development purgatory before getting abandoned. 

Failing that, A Handmaid's Tale or the Wasp Factory would be cool options.

Also, two of my favourite books ever, Titus Groan/Gormenghast would make a great film/films. They were made into a miniseries back in 2000,  it was so-so, has Stephen Fry in it and a bunch of others, a feature length film would be wonderful though.

Yeah, Brave New World would be interesting to see on the big screen.

EDIT: Turns out there was a Handmaid's Tale film...huh 




 Rite? You would go to class and study but it's all so easy you find it dull and that's why you can't do any of the work or get good grades /s 




 I know, god damn Blue Pill is full of hotties.

I mean, ^beta ^faggots ^or ^something? 




 Bloody hell, the internet is intent on sucking Joss Whedon's dick these days. Hope you can get it sorted out, OP :) 




 I like this. More of these. We could have them from all historical eras... 




 I'm too late, aren't I? :( 




 I'm doing the thing! 




 Same, one time when I was a teen I went almost a year without a period. A YEAR. Everything was fine btw, but yes...tracking periods because of the influence of hormones on a slight shift in preferences for facial features is an awful, impractical idea... 




 Also other guys, basically everyone is a threat...it's a terper eat terper world out there... 




 What. 




 Your guy friends are pretty hot...*runs away giggling* 




 DAE Extroverts just (le)terally don't get it? 




 "You smell of fear. I can taste it from here and you are in Sheffield"

For some reason, this is where I lost it. 




 I had a bit of time in hospital a few weeks ago and played SO MUCH of this game, beating it was such sweetness. I'd been playing it at home a lot too and my boyfriend was starting to make fun of me for all the times I ended up yelling "I don't even think I'm having fun, I just have to keep playing though!" :P Grats.

Might I also suggest you now try the Fibonacci and Threes editions? Just as infuriatingly fun as the original ;) 




 10/10 would display proudly on my bookshelf 




 Yeah, Kyle Maclachlan was a pretty decent Paul in my eyes. Not exactly how I'd pictured him though, especially in the sequels beyond 'Dune', but honestly I think he was well enough cast. Also I ^sort ^of ^have ^a ^lady ^crush ^on ^him... 




 YES. Duke Leto was spot-on for me, shame we couldn't have seen just a bit more of him 




 Gotta love Toto 




 Oh hai there, fellow VisualBoy Emulator user 




 This just came to me last night. When I was little I had a VHS tape and it had some short animated kids stories on it. I can't remember if there was any rhyme or reason as to the things on it, maybe it was things we'd recorded off tv, but one of the stories was about a couple of panda cubs.

It may have been in anime or Western style, I'm unsure, but basically the two panda cubs (possibly some other type of bear cub) are travelling some
where together. Starts off with one of them saying they were bored, which I remember because I had to ask my Mum what 'bored' meant.

Eventually they start squabbling and, I don't know, smash the world or cause some sort of rift (possibly something to do with that part of the world being made of crystals)? At any rate, it ends with them being separated, either from each other or with no hope of ever getting home again.


Something depressing like that. The moral of course was "don't fight or quarrel".

Anybody? I feel like I would definitely recognise the voice acting if I heard it (American accents). Please help me recover this bit of my childhood :p 




 Wild stab in the dark with the 'Wind Singer' books? 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wind_Singer

All I really remember of them is that there's an oppressive society, an underground fringe society, and a circular 'S' symbol on the front, they are YA books and came out around about that time. A lot of the other details don't add up though, so I won't hold my breath on this :p 




 YES! Thank you, I knew it was by someone familiar

Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LNHYz89sNc found it.

Second Edit: I will totally read the short story at the earliest convenience 




 That is, the machinery in it goes through the motions of setting out food (possibly) and other actions like waking them up, but the actual inhabitants are clearly dead (though I don't think we see their bodies or anything).

Sorry that that's so incredibly vague, I'm sure this is a real thing and not some grim dream I had or whatever. Almost 95% confident it was a short animated film with no dialogue. *Unhelpful shrug* 




 Also, brb, installing Chip's Challenge... 




 Sounds like it, does this look familiar, OP? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chip's_Challenge 




 Check that SMV... 




 FINGERNAILS. OH GOD. FINGERNAILS.

I mean, you surely don't have to have a vagina of your own to realise that scraping/stabbing with your uncut nails is going to happen if you just ram them in there...*shudder* 




 Yeah, we had a one-way system at our school too, like, all the way around the entire school (which was sort of ring, shaped, with bits coming off it, if that makes sense). It was a bitch to get around if you had to get to your locker, go to the bathroom etc. and get to class on time, but I guess it made sense from  a safety point of view
 




 My, what an attractive individual. 




 Interbreeding with wolves and dogs does sometimes happen, however, some dog evolutionists argue that the grey wolf may not be the sole ancestor of the modern dog anyway, rather it could be some other canid like the jackal or something similar. At any rate, we need to remember that dogs aren't wolves, they *are* their own species, one artificially created through their ancestors' ongoing symbiotic relationship with humans. 

I reckon, although as someone else said, there is no way of predicting what evolution will do, that we could reasonably expect to get a mongrely sort of 'street dog', as we see in dogs living on the fringes of human settlements today, the type of dogs we think early proto-dogs living alongside humans would have looked like throughout most of the species' history. There'd be variation depending on geography and so on, but probably a medium build type of dog, not too chunky, not too anything, fairly generic. But that's just my speculation.

Selectively breeding dogs for certain breed types is only a relatively modern phenomenon, and it is the Victorians we have to 'thank' for a lot of selective pet breeding, and for the rigid breeding of dogs to a particular standard or appearance. There have been breeds and types before this time of course, but breeders were more concerned with performance; a shepherd might breed his best herder or whatever, hunters might select for dogs with good retrieval skills, you get the idea. Companion or pet breeding was similarly casual, and of course, with less strict rules about roaming, and less spay/neutering, dogs tended to just do the biz with whoever else they damn well pleased. What I'm saying is that there's so much variation in how dogs look, and it's not always been necessarily down to us intentionally breeding for it.

If you'd like to learn more about the history of dogs and their place alongside humans, I highly recommend the book 'In Defence of Dogs' by John Bradshaw. Hope that was even remotely helpful. Like I say, I could be totally wrong, and I'm just speculating (please be gentle, Reddit people) :3

Edit: Ofc I'm not saying there is no influence of their ancestors in the dogs genetic makeup, just that dogs are now pretty much their own species, and so long as they inhabit an evolutionary niche alongside humans, I don't personally think they would 'revert' to wolves. 




 ^ What this guy said, these 'after image' effects caused by rhodopsin (the chemical in question) depletion, are what gives us these cool optical illusions: http://izismile.com/2011/11/11/mind_blowing_afterimages_optical_illusions_3_pics_11_gifs.html 




 My body is so ready, but where can I find showings in Europe/The UK?  




 Yeah, I think threads like these are pretty good for asking the question "can/should we actually compare books to their film adaptations?". I know I've definitely come across those who think it's meaningless to even compare two different types of media like that. I can appreciate why, I guess 




 No you're right, I misspelled it and didn't even notice until you pointed it out.
Rest assured I feel suitably dirty and ashamed :p 




 Thanks, I think they're adorable too :p
She's a long haired, which in female Syrian hamsters basically just means a couple of ear tufts and maybe a bit of a butt 'skirt' (though my hammie just has little butt tufts). As far as I'm aware the females don't really express long-hairedness to the extent that males do. 




 Oh no, would you not recommend Memoirs of a Geisha? I've always had a notion that I'd get around to reading it some day but, meh, worth it? 




 For me reading the books along with the show has just heightened my enjoyment of both, I couldn't imagine being as into the books as I am if I hadn't seen the show and vice versa 




 That's cool, I didn't know that. 
I've read a couple of other short pieces by Palahniuk that I thought were just great, Fight Club just left me underwhelmed :p 




 Children of Men was great both in book and film form, but I honestly felt like the two were completely different stories, but for the fact that there are no children happening. It's one of the film adaptations I've seen that's the least similar to the book on which it was based, just a completely different tone, focus, everything, even down to the fact that men are impotent in the book and women are barren in the film (or whichever way around it was :p). 

I'd still have a hard time deciding between the two, though in terms of preference. 




 Close one for me to call but I'd maybe just have to go with the book this time. But man I love both so much... 




