 Yay! You're amazing, thank you!! 




 This is so amazing! Would you mind posting the recipes for a few of these? I would try to figure it out myself but I'm a terrible cook, haha 




 The thing I personally focus on the most is rejecting gender norms. To me, it's a simple gesture that has a huge impact. Doing this obviously benefits me as a woman, but I believe it largely benefits men as well, who are often told they have to behave a certain, more "manly" way that can often be psychologically unhealthy.

For example, my cousin's son loves Frozen--he looks up to both the male and female characters in that movie. He already has a Hans costume from Halloween, so I bought him a hair braid like Princess Elsa's for Christmas so he can be either character :) 




 Between this lady and the gif of the cop pepper spraying innocent people, I'm pretty much done with Reddit for the day. Yuck. 




 Hearing Muslim extremists make threats like this toward Obama specifically makes me wonder who radical conservatives will hate more, and whose side they would take in this situation. Like do you think Ted Nugent would say, "Yeah, sure, ISIS, go for it!" or would he be like, "YO FUCK ISIS, NOBODY THREATENS MY PRESIDENT. EXCEPT ME OF COURSE. I'M THE EXCEPTION." 




 Don't focus so much on boys, because no, none of your high school boyfriends will end up lasting longer than high school does. 

Communicate better with your parents; they don't know the amount of trauma they're inflicting on you because you hide from them as much as possible. Tell them, they actually do care.

Take more time to learn about things you don't care that much about--computers, cars...you know, practical things. It'll pay off, and once you're in college you won't end up frustrated and feeling helpless and having to ask your boyfriend to fix your computer every other day, or having to ask your dad to come pick you up 2 hours from where he lives and change your tire for you. 




 I dated a Michael, too. He was a real piece of shit. 




 I mean, from a painter's perspective, they're actually incredibly well-done. He has a great understanding of shape, light, and color. I'm actually a little disappointed that they're good, because I kind of really dislike James Franco as an actor and wanted to keep riding that hate-train all the way toward his art. But what can I say, they're really good. 




 Thrift stores and flea markets when I have the time to really search, I just find oversized, comfy sweaters (often men's sweaters) and wear them. 




 Fresh tomatoes, bacon, and fresh garlic. It makes your breath smell terrible but holy lord it is amazing. 




 Yuuup. On this note also, Kitten Forever is a great band. They're not as big as the people listen here but I dig them so much. They're more noise-punk though, so I'm not sure how much your son would like them--that sound's definitely not for everyone! 




 My seventh grade teacher was just like this. It was also clear that she didn't prepare any syllabus for class or lesson plans. She taught us English (as well as a few other subjects) and completely missed the point of most of the literature she assigned to us. Once, in a test she made for a book we read, she asked, "Who was the book dedicated to?"

...Seriously? 














 I always date guys who have similar features--brown hair, brown eyes, slim, around 6' or taller. Of the white guys I've dated, they all had tons of freckles. Almost every one of them had glasses. I didn't even think I had a type until recently when my friend pointed out the similarities in all the guys I've dated! 




 This. I had a boyfriend in high school who refused to eat any spaghetti sauce that wasn't his grandmother's, and when he took me out to a fancy dinner for my birthday, he ordered chicken fingers from the kids' menu. I mean, I know we were only in high school, but seriously? Have some class, man. 




 Currently typing from the grave it was nice knowing you all bye 




 I would be so incensed if that was my family member. That is so disrespectful. 




 I like how he says you aren't "accommodating" him multiple times, like you're a hotel clerk or something.

He also just doesn't seem to understand that none of the supposedly logical reasons he gave you to get you to send him nudes change the fact that you just don't want *him specifically* to see them. It doesn't matter that he's giving you "confidentiality," you just don't want to send him pictures of yourself. And he argues about it so much. He seems to think of himself as really smart, but clearly he's not smart enough to understand that he can't make you do anything just by arguing endlessly. 




 I ate a lot of things that were definitely not for eating. Play-doh (I vommed), chapstick (I vommed), entire bottles of cough syrup (I went to the hospital and vommed). The list probably goes on, but I can't remember because I ate so much poisonous shit that I forget everything. 









 This comment blew my mind 




 "Begins the slow process of seduction" HOW CAN THIS BE REAL?? 




 They are some ridiculously photogenic dogs 




