 Probably not as devastating or terrible as some... but I found out my mom regrets marrying my dad whereas my dad does not. He's not a terrible person per se; just very stubborn.

I knew their marriage wasn't perfect but to hear her actually say that was a bit disheartening. 




 Very lucky. As much as there's a lot of shit going on in my life, I've been incredibly lucky that my hard work paid off when it needed to. 




 Yeah I don't understand either. I thought this was a cute post. And a lot of people clearly agreed since it got to the front page.

Edit: You don't like this because of FB qualities. Point taken. 




 What a pretty pattern. Man that fish is a better artist than I! 




 From the thumbnail alone I saw the inside of the ears as red eyes and the face as an open mouth. I was so confused why this was on awwducational 




 "I'm not a racist but it's time for dinner"

"YOU HYPOCRITE" 




 Put that cookie down! 




 "Very poor choice of words." 




 I admire you for being the bigger person. I think I'd be consumed with rage and bitterness if someone did that to me. Hope you find a great guy that deserves you! 




 "lol sry bro, got so many prompts and must have clicked yes by mistake." 




 I'm sorry you had to go through that kind of shit. Just reading your comment broke my heart; I can't even imagine how difficult it must have been for you. But looks like you have great kids. Best of luck to you. 




 Being dismissive of people who hold jobs that pay less.

I went on a blind date with a guy who was really full of himself. He was also a hard worker so I could kind of see why he was so proud of his achievements, and I tried to be understanding. But then he said something like "you know how bus drivers are, they're uneducated and grumpy." That drew the line for me. Didn't even want to be just friends with the guy afterwards. 




 I really wanted to finish Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth but I was too much of a wuss. Survived the Attack of Fishmen chapter, didn't have the energy to continue. I think I would've had more fun if I had my friends over to play it with me. 




 Same here. That Let it Go song made me sick of the movie even before I watched it. 




 What defines "nice"? This is probably an extreme example but I'm sure Hitler was a pretty nice person to people who blindly followed him. 

IIRC Louis mentioned that implying that they weren't nut jobs when they were going on about their daily routine. They did have a "normal" side to them, loving their family and enjoying little things in life, but it pales next to what they believe and how they act on such beliefs. 

My heart goes out to former WBC members, but I find it hard to believe those who stay there and choose to spread hate can be deemed "nice". 




 It's pretty amazing how most people in the ROK are skinny to slim when they offer fattening food like this. I have the Korean genes but I wasn't born with that kind of "eat whatever the hell I want but stay skinny". 




 I think the sight of something can make someone feel "neugul" / nauseous. I agree food itself should be described as "neuki" / greasy. 




 Paper fresh out of a photocopier, all warm.

It's kind of disconcerting when it's in tens or hundreds of pages and I have to work on it, but it still has a peculiar smell I find pleasing. 




 How *you* doing? (a la Joey) 




 I like the faction idea, but yeah I wouldn't buy monthly subscriptions either. It'll probably make me feel like I *have* to play the game as much as possible as opposed to just making me want to play whenever. That's too bad. 




 "love don't make things nice - it ruins everything. It breaks your heart. It makes things a mess. We aren't here to make things perfect. The snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. Not us! We are here to ruin ourselves and to break our hearts and love the wrong people and die. The storybooks are bullshit." - from Moonstruck.

Not particularly cute but something about this resonated with me. Love makes us unreasonable, at times insane, and the lines seem to capture that perfectly. 




 One time back in university years I thought this server at my fave restaurant was pretty cute. I left him my number in a post-it with my check. Never heard back from him so I stopped going there for several months out of embarrassment. 




 Oh yeah, watching it would be fun. I'm not particularly good at PvP so :p

I guess Skyrim Online doesn't have this? I haven't tried it out. 




 I would love this as well except I'm not sure how it could be a competition. PvP? Things would come down to the issue of who has better items and not skills. 




 Actually it doesn't exactly apply to other people who hold the same position as I do. I was extremely lucky.

I'm isolated from the rest of my colleagues (who work together in one room with cubicles, where I once worked as well) and even though technically I could, I would feel too self-conscious to do whatever I want. Right now I share my office with one colleague who is not my supervisor so anything goes. I receive assignments via email or phone calls so people giving me work rarely see me in person. 




 Yup, shit vs. the shit doesn't make much sense to me either. 




 I don't know how that phrase was coined but I always imagined a giant cookie merrily rolling on the road... 




 I can pretty much do anything I want at the office as long as I get my job done in time. I've watched movies, played the League, blogged, taken a nap, etc. 




 I absolutely love that series. I really have to commend him for tolerating them and trying out their way of life even though he (like the rest of us) cannot comprehend what drives them to be so hateful. I would've been really tempted to just quit midway. I don't have that kind of patience. 




 I really love the retro style! 




 I fucking love naan. I don't usually use expletives in expressing my love for food but goddamn I love it so much. Yours looks superb! 




 I'm not British but this looks like a "u wot m8" situation... 




 "Look at me. You will pick me. You will serve me for eternity." 




 That's what I thought too, like using the flag as a cape. 




 Was afraid this might have a bad ending. Congratulations! 




 Goddamn I hate it when people do that. For some, common decency just doesn't seem to exist. :( But it's good to see that this hasn't discouraged you from helping others. I think I would have called it quits easily myself. Though I don't smoke, I know a lot of people who would benefit from this and I thank you for continuing to help. 




 I think they're okay too. I don't like every song they make, but a lot of the songs in All the Right Reasons were pretty decent. 




 Actually this makes me happy for you. 




 Same here 2, also Canadian 




 Oh I didn't know that. Thanks, I'll check it out. 




 He's a giant dick now thanks to radiation poisoning. 




 Sorry you had to deal with those assholes. 




 Watching my grandpa's coffin being rolled into the crematorium.

Obviously I didn't see the oven. We said our goodbyes before the gate that led to the oven chamber. But I didn't expect them to bring out the remains before our eyes and then show us the grounding procedure. 

That felt surreal. 




 I imagine a slightly smaller one with a little surprise from John Doe. 




 Descent. The last woman probably didn't make it out of the cave. ... Probably. 




 It's kind of like sharks that would bite you to death and then say "oh, dude, sorry, I thought you were a seal. I'm... I'm so sorry." 




 Teleportation spell from Diablo II. I'll have to wave my arms like crazy though if I want to get to work from home, given the fact that I can only teleport to a location within my sight. 




 I would love this, except I wonder if I'll remember that I loaded the old save file? I don't think I can take most out of learning from my mistakes all that much if I forget... 




 Also I'd rather not feeling anything, so this sounds like a winner for me. 




 And I hear networking is really important in BDSM. 




 The way things turned out after Scar was put in charge was tad disappointing. The typical good people (Simba's.mom,.etc) suffering is predictable but even Scar and the hyenas had little to eat. Thought he was smarter than that. HE IS JEREMY IRONS. COME ON DISNEY 




 Do you enjoy it? 




 Hey Paul! 




 I think that's an excellent point worth digging into. But in the end he set his weapon loose to wreak havoc and tried to profit from it. I wouldve been more sympathetic about Syndrome's good boy gone bad personality otherwise. 




 Me me me me me 




 Glad I'm not alone in having hots for Bear Grylls. ♥ 




 I love the varying degrees of Cheese shades. Must they all squeeze themselves in there together? 3 They just know how to be cute, don't they. 




 Just like everyone here I think you found your look! It looks awesome. Also thanks for donating that luscious lock of yours. :D 




 They operate on a reservation basis? Must be really popular. Thanks for the info. Will check it out.  




 I wasn't surprised by this. I knew something was up :'( Hope things turn out for the better for both of you. I'm sure he's a fighter inside. 




 That's beautiful! Such detail. Consider submitting it to the Fight Club FB fan page. More people need to see this! 




 "Dude are you sure this is how it's done?" 




 I was going to say "can't wait for her to settle in and dominate the house" but it seems like the job is already done. Thanks for bringing her to safety! :) 




 Back when the Internet was still a new thing (Windows 95-98 era, I think) I saw that my computer was in danger, infested with malware and this nice company offered a program for just 49.95 to get rid of them.

I was like ten. I was afraid. 




 Totally. Same goes for carrots, onions, pretty much all vegetables.

I still hate beans though... 




 Yeah, makes sense. I myself am pretty much addicted to coke zero so I'll take the offer nine times out of ten. Non perishables or things you use on a daily basis at a large quantity, also understandable.

I guess I should've clarified in my original comment that I was thinking more along the line of clothes. 




 I'm sure Canada is still in Top 3 of the most polite countries... If not, then I do apologize in advance. 




 "Yeah. When we're done with it!" 




 I got my mom (in her 50s) into the trilogy and it's become an annual thing for us. Back in university we'd pick a week in the winter break and do the LOTR marathon.

Of course by watching I mean talking over all the scenes because we know what happens and just want to nitpick the detail. 




 Not very NSFW but I used to take screenshots of the Sims 2 and make comics. Also created clothing items. I'm pretty sure this was the major factor in bringing down my undergrad GPA. I should be ashamed of putting so much effort and time into doing something like that but I was happy doing it. Good memories... just had lasting repercussions. 




 Buying things whenever you see "up to __% off" or "2 for 1" sale.

If they had been meaning to buy those particular products, sure, but buying stuff just because it's on sale is pretty silly.

I give this as an example because I used to be like this when I was younger... What a fool I was.

Edit: typo 




 Wha...? This is some Disney teen movie stuff right here. Who does that? Jesus christ. Sorry you had to endure that :( 




 Well it's not like Frey needed another reason to be called a scumbag... 




 Brownie points for being a cat person. Not that he'd need any... 




 I remember installing Prince of Persia 2 from larger floppy disks (5-something inch ones). There were like ten of them! Now I can carry around 64gbs in my cell phone charm... All that progress in less than 30 years. 




 You captured each movement so perfectly! *resist making a pun*

This would make a really great sticker series 3

Edit: Just found out you only ship within the US :( Too bad. 




 You must make a calendar of her... She's beautiful! 









 I do want to see more of Futurama. People say the Simpsons has gone way past its prime and should have ended a long time ago but I still find the series endearing and funny. I'll probably feel the same way about Futurama if it is rebooted yet again. 




 "What are you, gay?" The phrase it self is totally dull but the context was flawless. A close second would be the one about how the spirit is willing but the body is spongy and bruised. :p 




 Awww they're made for each other. I can't wait for them to conceive a twisted hell spawn!

Man each time I post a comment here I'm typing things I thought I never would... 




 Wow I'm late to the thread and probably (and hopefully) you feel better by the time you read my comment but fuck that woman. Even if she was a super model she wouldn't have any right to say that kind of thing to anyone. I'm sorry you had the misfortune of crossing paths with that kind of nut job. :( 




 My usual course of action in this case is to murder the wife... welp this is a sentence I thought I'd never type. Thanks CK2! 




 Lol it seems like that's when Tom swung by Korea. He also starred in the Korean SNL and did some weird shit. Gotta love a hot guy with a sense of humour and Oxford accent 3 




 Seriously though. I want to know as well 




 MY GOD first of all the cherries look great! The kisses decoration is so well-done. It's something I'd never pull off. Well done! 




 Man once I get a taste of that I'll probably want exclusively that burger. 




 I'm relieved it's about excitement. He'll be thrilled!

I just hope he doesn't sell the tv to get you a present a la the gift of maji haha 




 I don't know... I would think the person was trying to befriend me if someone stuck an arrow in me and set me on fire... 




 "How come you have to shower so often? WHY ARE THEY PUNISHING YOU"

unless she likes water. 




 Hello from a fellow Canadian! I only got to stay five days or so in Montreal but I loved food there in general! Wish I could visit your shop... 




 Did you make the costume yourself? It's spot on! 




 "Is it me?" *raises one eyebrow* 




 I'm glad she met you! Hope she gets to run around soon and play with your kids. That'd be an adorable sight. 




 Sure you say that NOW 




 Didn't realize I'm part of that 1%! 




 Chocolate beans! 




 I'm so sorry you lost him... And he was so young :( But I suppose he'll stay young in the kitty heaven forever, teasing other older companions. RIP beautiful Mr. Boots. 




 Is she Siberian?? She does look like a princess! 




 Must. Resist. Petting. the Monitor... 




 Sweet mother of God a Tuxedo 3 She's gorgeous. And I love it when a cat and a dog become friends. Consider posting pics of her in /r/cats! 




 I love the detail on Slurm! Each figure looks like it would make a great keychain or necklace. wish i had this kind of talent! 




 I read the last part In Moe's voice automatically 




