 I'm a female and I hate this. Some of the women who fight for 'equal rights' just want the good stuff, not any of the bad things. They want equal pay and all that, but they still want the guy to pay for dinner. It pisses me off. Equal means equal, not sorta the same but we still get to walk all over men. 




 I know :( I'm really sad. 




 I'm really looking forward to that thunderstorm, too. 




 I think I know this guy. The guy I know is named Gary, has the same car, and is way too good at DDR... 




 Is it possible to fix it? 




 http://i.imgur.com/QrhmP.png

Every time I restart my computer, any Steam game icon looks like an IE page instead. I can give it a short term fix by manually changing the icon, but it ends up changing back when I restart again. I tried the ClientRegistry.blob trick, and made new desktop icons, but only L4D2 and MTG actually fixed, and when I restarted later, the L4D2 icon was back to the IE icon. Steam is updated, I've verified the integrity and all that.

It's not impairing my ability to play the games at all, but it looks ugly and I hate it. Googling the problem hasn't helped beyond a short term fix. I could just not have icons on my desktop, but I like having them there. As you can see, it only happens with Steam game shortcuts. If I link directly to the game instead of through Steam, it has a normal icon, but then it doesn't play through Steam.

Any help you could offer would be awesome. Thank you. 




 I found out he was a real person when I did one of those "What famous people were born on your birthday?" things and Johnny Appleseed was on the list. 




 I KNEW she looked like someone else. 




 Sept 26? That's me too. 




 yep! I love the Persona series :) Pretty much anything Atlus publishes, I adore. 




 Ugh, people keep commenting on that. It's just fingerprint smudges. I know, don't touch the computer screen, but I do it anyway. They are exaggerated because of the flash on the camera.... 




 It is the same brand. What is 5htp? I am just taking D3 at the suggestion of my doctor. 




 As someone who honestly didn't know how to just "clean my room", basic tips like the ones I gave r2002 were very helpful for me. I can clean a basic mess, but this is a little beyond that. 




 I'm 25. 




 Thank you :) 




 i never thought i'd see mgs ever again 




 No, they're vitamin D3. They are the same brand though! 




 I do have a hamper, actually. It was full of clothing that I didn't want. It was also sitting in the laundry room. I got rid of the clothing, and the hamper is in my closet! 




 Everyone gets depressed occasionally. For someone who doesn't have clinical depression, it's rarely half as severe as those who do have that. Clinical depression invades your life and takes over and it's very easy to let it. It's like this thing that lives on my shoulder and weighs me down, and whispers awful things in my ear that make me want to just curl up in a ball and not do anything. It feeds on my energy and makes even getting out of bed sometimes a huge ordeal. Depression is more than sadness. It's apathy. It makes things that I love uninteresting.

I went a little out of control with my description but basically what I'm trying to say is, depression sucks out all of your energy and motivation. Some people would look at a room that was messy and think, I need to clean this! And then they would clean it. I would look at my messy room and think, this is a disaster and I don't know how to deal with it. Trying to deal with it would overwhelm me. It took someone else's help to get it like this, but it's going to be all on me to keep it like this, and depression is going to fight me every step of the way.

And thank you :) 




 Okay, I didn't know what that was so I looked it up. I'm assuming you mean the vitamin bottle? It's vitamin D3. 




 i'm pretty sure it was yesterday.

also this is the guy who helped me clean my room, and also, i do actually know him. his name is not daniel. 




 No, just asked a friend to help me out. It helped a LOT. 




 BIG whoop de fuckin doo! Try being unmotivated and depressed and getting ANYTHING DONE.

I thought /r/GetMotivated was for people who needed motivation for anything, and wanted to celebrate their achievements that required some kind of motivation. This is mine.  I'm sorry if it's not a huge deal for you. 




 Haha! Yeah! UFYH is awesome!! I got the 20/10s from there and they are a LIFE SAVER 




 Do it!!!! I believe in you!!!!! 




 * Ask for help! I could not have done this without help, seriously.
* Clean in increments. Clean for 20 minutes, take a 10 minute break.
* Clean one spot at a time. Don't look at the whole mess and try to clean it all at once! That is an easy way to get overwhelmed.
* Don't just rearrange the mess. Don't hide it. Bring lots of trash bags and not just for trash. Anything you don't want can go in those to donate! I felt a lot better knowing the shoes I was hoarding weren't just going in the trash, but to someone who might actually wear them.
* Separate things into piles and then deal with the piles. Like with like. Papery stuff, stuff you wear, I had a pile of electronic stuff. Then sort through each pile individually.
* Clean the space you are in the most first. I spend most time at my desk, so I cleaned my desk. 




 It actually uploaded the pictures in the wrong order, and duplicated some? I already posted it over there though, I should have done individual pictures for the text post. 




 Thanks for minimalizing my disorder! You might just be a slob. 




 Yes. It's hard to be motivated to do things like keep a clean environment, and if it's bad enough, even eat, shower, or do any basic day-to-day things that a non-depressed or otherwise "normal" person is able to do without really putting much thought into it.  




 I do have a Ryuk plush. I got him a long time ago, before Death Note was finished. I haven't gone to a con in a couple of years, but I've been to A-Kon, Ikkicon, and Ushicon! 




 I threw out Dream Phone, but damn, Mall Madness is way better. 




 For me, anime and depression do not correlate, so I'm not really sure. I didn't even care about anime until I had been dealing with it for a long time, and I'm not really as into as I used to be. I still really enjoy and love Fullmetal Alchemist, though, so I didn't want to take any of it down. 




 Actually, I got most of my stuff from when the original anime was big and Greedling was barely a thing. I am a HUGE fan of the manga/Brotherhood! 




 Once I got my computer set up again in the corner, I did turn on some music. It helps my mood a lot! 




