 Sounds to me like your dad has fat logic too. You don't need to workout to lose weight, you can eat healthier. Just because you had surgery doesn't mean you can't eat less.  




 Holy crap. You have an amazing body! Do you work out too? I am around your weight but don't look like that haha.  




 I'm totally the same way! I started looking at cute clothes and makeup and even painted my nails too. I went to /r/skincareaddiction and spent money on some nice products for my face. 

I think I avoided those things before not because I was so "above" them but because focusing on my appearance depressed me. Now that I'm trying to be healthier I find a ton of girly enjoyment out of shopping and yesterday I even got a haircut and waxed my brows haha! 

So good for you, it's all a lot of positive things going on!  




 Do you think a lot of it has to do with pressure from other people? Especially since you have issues as the day goes on. I know I wanted to cheat and told my boyfriend we should get pizza. He isn't in charge of my diet so he said okay, and for a minute I felt like he had validated my decision to cheat, do you know what I mean? I ended up feeling bad and we didn't get pizza, because I need to hold myself accountable. But there were definitely times in the past when I allowed myself unhealthy food because I was out with friends or family. It's hard to feel in control I think when everyone else is eating crappy!  




 I'm a bit stressed out. I'm trying to get the Internet at my new place and I was on the phone with twc for TWO HOURS I must have talked to five different people and in the end they're making me pay to have a technician come out! Aaaaaah!

I'm trying to be more positive. I'm going back to school go finish my degree this fall and I can't tell if I'm super excited or insanely stressed. Maybe both. 

I also just started dating someone seriously (the first relationship I've had after my divorce) and I have no idea what I'm doing. Ahh! 

But thankfully I have keto in my life haha. One thing I can actually control and feel good about! Oh, and today I'm getting a hair cut so I'm excited! I'm seeing a really talented hair stylist who is usually totally booked but someone cancelled. So I'm pumped!  




 Hahaha I was thinking that too!  




 I would use the keto calculator in the side bar and only put in a small calorie deficit. When I started, I had a calorie limit of 1600, which was good for me because I was full enough despite still having cravings. Now I eat around 1200-1400, sometimes more if I want to indulge. 

What kind of foods do you eat? If I find myself hungry I usually eat a handful of almonds or I make fat bombs. The large amount of fat makes my stomach happy and I am way less likely to binge. I still track everything to be sure I'm under my carb limit. 

Good luck. I tried keto a few times before but only recently did I start it and stick to it without cheats. It might take a few runs to figure it all out.  




 I totally agree with the pizza idea! I just made an awesome pizza with Almond flour. In fact, I'm eating leftovers right now.  




 Yeah! Just discovered I can eat a ton of cream cheese haha. I love cream cheese!  




 I had a girl from the office tell me I didn't need to lose weight, but she was trying to lose weight. We then discovered we weighed the exact same amount! 174. She just carried a lot of weight around her midsection making her look bigger than me, I think. I have fat everywhere and was good at hiding my arm fat and leg fat under my clothes haha.  




 Sweet! I'm on my third week so I'm pretty new too! 

Duck bacon sounds really neat!  




 Wow that is awesome news! Keeps me motivated as I'm only on week three! Can't wait to see what kind of results I get after three months.  




 Haha, my breath is still god awful in the morning. But my teeth do feel cleaner and less mucky!  




 It's my 17th day of keto today! Can't believe it's already been this long, and I can't believe I have faithfully stuck to it.

I finally got the internet at my new place, so I'm going to spend tonight gaming and making low-carb pizza! Super excited. 




 I feel you. For whatever reason moderation is just impossible for me when eating carbs. Especially beer. If I have one beer, I'll have one more, and another, and another. Bleh. Best to just keep calm on keto haha. 




 That sounds awesome! I need to get a bikini for a vacation I'm taking at the end of August. Ugh. I don't know what to wear. I'll probably get one of those high waisted ones but I haven't worn a swimsuit in forever!  




 Lame! Hope you get a new cool doctor soon. I'm avoiding going in to see my gynecologist because she's really terrible. I have scars on my body from a period of self-harm (I'm fine now) and she made a HUGE deal about it and embarrassed the shit out of me. Not to mention she's a really overweight doctor, so what's up with that? I don't want to take health advice from someone who can't even take care of themselves. 




 That sounds really interesting. I should start tracking my periods.  




 I totally need to do this. I don't even own a scale but somehow find myself using a friend's scale or the one at work. Bah! It's frustrating me. 




 Ooo a romance toy party sounds freakin' awesome haha! Have fun! 




 What were her reasons for why it was dangerous and unhealthy? 

From what I've heard around this sub, a ton of health care professionals are just not on board with very low carb diets. I wouldn't let it discourage you. 




 I can't speak for everyone but I felt very little of the side effects of initially being in keto. I took a magnesium and potassium supplement and drank lots of chicken broth to keep my sodium intake high. 

I planned meals so that I wouldn't cheat and made sure I was drinking enough water. 

Honestly, there will always be reasons not to do keto. There will never be a perfect time to start. Might as well just dive right in. 




 Totally awesome transformation.

I've been on keto for about 3 weeks, no big slip ups. I simply feel better. I used to emotionally eat and now I do not. I had bad anxiety and could not sit still, now that I am eating low carb I am so much more calm. So basically, those things push me to stay doing keto. I feel better, therefore, why would I want to stop doing it? You need to find your own personal reasons to keep going!

Good luck! 




 Oh wow. I guess I was always worried people at a gym would be annoyed since I'm such a noob haha. This gives me hope though! There is a snap fitness by my place. 




 Haha the LOTR analogy is spot on. I felt this way over the weekend. I randomly wanted pizza SO BAD. I looked at my boyfriend and said, I need pizza NOW! I was randomly carb crazy. He kept me true to my diet though :D

Annnd this week I already bought all the ingredients to make awesome low-carb pizza.  




 Wow. You are awesome. Seriously! You're motivating me to get into the gym! 




 Thank you! 




 I'd love to read that study, it sounds super interesting! Do you have a source for that? 




 You have an amazing body! We are a similar height so you're sort of inspiration for me :) 




 Awesome! I just started my third week of keto and I lost about 10 pounds, and I lost inches on my waist. Really exciting! 

Good job on sticking to it :) 




 Ooo I'll have to try Kalua pork, it looks pretty easy! I just love coming home from work to a delicious smelling house and a meal I basically didn't even have to cook haha! 




 It is kind of cool, but scary lol. I really don't like zombie stuff so when it's like RUN the zombies are going to get you it freaks me out! But it's motivating haha. 




 Hey! I'm on week three of keto and day 1 seems like it was yesterday! Seriously, keto is the least diet-y diet I have ever been on and I love all the awesome food I can eat (MEAT lol). 

One thing that helped me immensely was my fitness pal, if you don't have one get one, because I have tons of friends from /r/keto and /r/xxketo. You should add me, my username is sperhauk on there (and anyone else can add me as well). It's nice to have a lot of internet buddies holding you accountable and inspiring you! 

I read something on /r/GetMotivated that said something like, you already know what it's like to give in. What would it feel like to keep going? That inspires me so much. 

I also don't have a huge budget to go on when it comes to keto so bulk buying foods (especially meat) and planning meals goes a long way into saving money!  




 I haven't been exercising lately but I would like to start again. I downloaded the zombie run app and used it for a few runs. I'd like to get into a daily yoga routine as well! But I made excuses.

Today marks my third week of keto! I have pork cooking in my crock pot at home right now for carnitas. I'm so freakin' excited! Last week I barely cooked at all so I'm excited to be getting back into it. Keto is much more fun when you cook. 




 I have issues with depression and anxiety and I definitely feel a huge improvement. Maybe it's because I'm low carb, but it could also be that I'm just feeling good by doing something good for my body. I also get a nice mood boost when I see that I have lost weight. 

My depression usually makes me say "I can't" to myself, so sticking to keto helps me fight that feeling. As for my anxiety, I could barely sit still before keto. Now I feel so much more calm and relaxed, and I barely ever have mood swings.  




 Close! I'm in Southeastern Wisconsin.  




 KEELY. I know a Keely, and she is totally rude and obnoxious. Why is it always Keely's haha. 




 Thanks anbeav! 




 So you know when you're looking down at your phone and the screen turns off and you are met with a reflection of your face? And then if you're like me you get depressed because you realize just how much fat appears under your chin?

WELL after two weeks on keto I SWEAR it's gotten noticeably smaller! I thought, maybe I'm holding the phone higher than usual. But I moved it around and still, my chin fat has totally shrunk haha.

This is an awesome victory for me because the fat face in phone reflection occurrence was one of my wake up calls I needed to lose weight! Sooo yeah things are going pretty good.

PS This sub is amazing and you gals are huge motivators! 




 My exact reaction when I saw the pictures haha. 




 sperhauk 




 Yeah I made those excuses for a while too! Good workout clothes can come later, after you've established the habit. Then you can upgrade running shoes or buy other running gear. But making it a habit is important first!  




 I just started jogging a week ago! I downloaded the Zombie Run app to make it more fun. Then it's easier to focus on your run and not other people. Plus after a week of running I actually want to run now, even though I suck at it right now!  




 You have amazing self control. I can't imagine tasting candy as a job and NOT eating everything in sight! 




 You look awesome!  




 Oh well, we can drool at him from a distance. 




 Out of cheese?! I'd panic. 




 True, and when he was bigger he seemed like a guy I could actually get lol. Now...now he's just too good looking. 




 Today at work we are grilling during lunch! So I get to eat a delicious burger with cheese. 

This weekend I was planning on bar hopping with friends, but now that I'm doing keto I think I'm going to pass. I just know I'd be too tempted to eat unhealthily and drink beer. I'll probably spend time with my cat who I've been neglecting all week and playing a ton of video games! I also downloaded the Zombie Run app so I'm gonna get some runs in too!  




 LOL that was one of my favorite stories on Reddit. I'm glad both men and women alike are totally clueless about this.  




 Seriously, I feel like a complete idiot when I talk dirty. What are you supposed to SAY.  









 So I am very sensitive to body sensations, for example, being too hot or too cold makes me anxious, or being sick, or having any kind of pain. Especially when my heart rate increases or I feel flushed. I have basically been trying to avoid being in the sun or doing any kind of physical activity. 

BUT I know that exercise helps anxiety. So for the past few days I have been getting up super early to go for a walk and jog a bit, so that I won't get too hot and I stop if I get panicky because of my heart rate. Well today I went for an awesome jog after work, the sun was shining, and there were (gasp) even people around where I was running, and I WAS FINE. I had some anxious moments, especially immediately post run when I started focusing on my heart beat, but I am calm now I feel just awesome. 

I know I have a ways to go with my anxiety but this is the first time I ever really said fuck you to my anxious feelings and just did something good for myself! 




 I totally feel you because I do the same thing. I think just not looking at progress pics would be helpful.  




 I keep thinking that if I don't lose the weight, I will more than likely gain weight, and keep gaining until I become obese and even more unhealthy. So I am motivated to become healthy and fit!  




 Oh man is that true! I am really proud of myself that I'm the kind of person that chooses to be alone rather than with someone I'm not compatible with anymore. I think it takes a lot of strength to move on from a bad relationship.  




 Your comment made me laugh a lot for some reason.  




 I'm curious about that too, because I calculated 1600 calories for me, and I feel like any lower would be torture, especially when trying to adapt to a new diet!  




 I'm only on day 3 of keto but I try to stay under 25g, and I've been successful! I definitely keep a really close eye on it on MFP.  




 I calorie count and find it pretty helpful. What made you decide on 1200-1300 calories? I used the Keto Calculator in the side bar and it recommended 1600 for me. I feel like 1300 is low but a lot of gals on here eat that much. I just want to maximize how much weight I lose without going crazy out of hunger! 




 LOL this comment is hilarious. I'm going to try it.  




 Ugh that sucks. I married my ex who I had known since high school, at 19 we married and when I was 23 he cheated on me with a friend of mine. UGH. At least she was the same age as me? Anyway, I only recently finalized the divorce and seeing happy couples still annoys me. It's hard for me not to belt out to girls HES PROBABLY CHEATING ON YOU. Cause I'm bitter, I said it. 




 Yeah it's never the skinny healthy relatives, it's always the overweight or obese ones. Like do you hate your life that much that you need to resort to criticizing other peoples' weights. I think they believe they get a pass because they're old and I'm young, and young girls "should" be thin. Whatever! 

The same birthday party my uncle asked me if I was a lesbian. Just out of the blue. Like wtf. Who ASKS that. 




 Damn a half marathon?! Sounds intense. I'm doing C25k as well!  




 Dude fuck off. Have you ever had cats before? Stop being a cunt.  




 Oh my god, I would be absolutely terrified if that happened to me! I'm glad your dog was okay!  




 Fuck that guy. A relative I hadn't seen in a while at a birthday party just randomly sidled up to me and told me I got heavier. Like no one fucking asked you. You've been fat the entire time I have known you and I dont comment on it! Fuck. People are rude. Try not to let it bother you! You've got us girls on here to give you support :)  




 Awesome! You look like a different person :)  




 I don't have a scale and I don't think I will get one. I think it would just discourage me, especially hearing everyone talk about water weight and weight gain on their period. I just started so maybe I'll want to weigh myself eventually, but right now I just weigh myself whenever I'm at my moms haha!  




 I like this idea a lot. I'm going to try it myself!  




 I should do that! Today is my second day of keto so I have a ways to go, but yeah, progress pics are encouraging.  




 Nice job! You can totally tell you've made a ton of progress.  




 Feel free to add me - sperhauk 




 Awesome! Thanks for the reply :) 




 I've always had issues with emotional eating, and I have a ton of anxiety and depression, so I'm worried I'll go off track from keto (today is my first day!). 

If I do start to get really stressed and anxious I'm gonna take a bath and then play an epic amount of video games. 




 What podcasts do you listen to? 




 Awesome! I'm actually super excited to eat today, feeling really motivated.  




 Just started keto today! Mine is sperhauk. 




 Are you serious? They didn't just punch them, they attacked them to the point of serious irreparable injury. So fuck them, they have mental problems.  




 Some girls are into that! This one guy posed with two guns and pretty much looked like a serial killer haha. But a dude at a shooting range might look alright.  




 Holy shit. When did this happen.  




 That would be interesting. I'm in a big city but the surrounding areas are pretty country, which makes sense why dudes would be hunting/fishing/holding guns. A lot of the dudes who live in the city just have a ton of pics of them in bars. 




 That's so awesome. You're quite lucky to have someone so supportive! 




