 Wasn't particularly intending for it to be taken as woman-blaming, probably just worded it wrongly. Rejection from women was most likely not the cause, but I bet you it exacerbated the problem. 




 Probably should have put 'people' instead of 'women',sorry. Although, I would  make the assumption that the people most creeped out by these guys would generally be women.

But you're right, it isn't the women's fault for rejecting them. The sad thing is, it's most likely no one's fault. These guys are just unlucky products of something that must've happened in their past that royally fucked up their ability to form relationships with the opposite sex. The problem probably compounded overtime as they faced rejection because of it, which in turn made them more desperate for some connection, which in turn made them more creepy, which in turn made them become more and more alienated to the point where they rely on dolls to obtain any form of intimacy.

Now they're at the point were rejection is an expected outcome for probably any desire for a relationship because of this world they've created to hide from society's branding of them as a creep, a world ,which in turn, makes them even more unnerving to people.

It's pretty sad.

 









 Can confirm that I use this site as a crutch. Not so much on the 'making friends' part,though. I'm as poor at making friends in the virtual world as I am at making them in the physical world. 




 Not always as easy as it sounds. Would you want to talk to these kinds of guys? They've likely been abused/rejected by women for most of their life,so I can easily see how spending all this money on something that won't reject them could be feasible,rather than possible constant rejection by real people. There's only so many times you can be alienated before you go a little crazy. 




 Giving her the old Kalishinyourkova. 




 Looks awesome, bugs and all. Have they hinted at a release date yet? 




 It's all a ruse,I'll tell ya! OP has us duped! 




 That I can dislocate and relocate my hip.

When I was little, I used to continuously dislocate and relocate my hip when I was frustrated. Like *pop* in *pop* out *pop* in. Thought everyone could do it.

 Apparently not. 




 Is it already in the files? How'd you get it to appear in-game? 




 Good point. Common sense doesn't come naturally to me for some reason. Editing post. 




  If you don't want to read the whole thing, an analysis of a couple of chapters or so is fine.

Edit:[link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B9NEUm1X4z32cW0wVkRuVVlHQk0/edit?usp=sharing)

Thanks guys. :) 




 I've got a PhD in Cunt. 




 I'll designate myself for that matter. I studied Cunt Identification Studies for four years. 




 I'm 5'7", therefore I shall be King of the Shortmen. 




 This kind of makes me sad.  




 Do you think a 280x, i5 2500k and 8GB RAM would be enough to play this at at least medium? 









 Looks fucking fantastic. 









 Fuck.

Every time I start to feel just a little better about myself, I see shit like this. Christ, what's the fucking point in attempting anything if you're unattractive? Even if you 'improved your life', gained hobbies, yadda yadda, people will still treat you as some kind of subhuman. 

I mean, fuck. Fucking insulted by compliments from ugly men? I hate existence. 




 Cool, thanks! It's around 16000 words,though. Do you want me to just send over a sample chapter, or the whole thing? 




 May as well jump on board as well. Do you read sci-fi fantasy? I could really do with some proper crit. My mum is not a very  unbiased reader. 









 Mate, this is how we all dance. Even the sheilas. Even the koalas. Everyone. 

Got me VB, got me stubbies. Time for a gabba. 




 Is this for real? Or is it a scam? Sorry, I'm a little too careful sometimes. 




 My friends and family all think I have something planned for the future, and that I care about my uni degree. Truth is, I can't even imagine living out more than a few more years without eventually committing suicide. 




 I doubt this.

I have overheard random strangers discussing my face with the exact same opinion as myself.  




 This is what I'm worried about. I keep thinking that I'm going to waste the minimal almost non-existent chance I have of finding someone and being happy because I'm so fucked up socially/emotionally, and that the rest of my life is going to be empty and much worse off. I'm pretty much awaiting the day when I finally become certain of killing myself as opposed to being undecided as I am now.  




 Depression.

It slowly but surely leached all meaning from them. I keep thinking 'Why bother doing anything when my life's shit anyway.I don't really want to keep living,so why then should I pretend to care about anything in my life?' 




 I don't really have passions anymore.

First my passion for writing died,then reading and now even gaming does nothing for me.

I'm like an empty shell.
 




 I would want to date her but I'm pretty sure I'd have like a 0.001% chance as I'm not the best looking dude and I weigh the same as most women my age.

I don't usually do anything social, so I probably wouldn't have anything better to do but I'd probably be miserable anyway. 




 I used to get stuck on the Zeppelin between Kalimdor and Lordaeron for hours at a time. 




 Hey,guys

So I just received an invitation from a girl in one of my uni classes to go to her birthday party. A bunch of people from this particular class have been invited, so I'm not under any special consideration or anything. However I don't really talk to anyone much in the class, so I was a bit surprised when I got the invite. There will also be a whole bunch of people there that I haven't met before so I'm worried that if I go, I will pretty much isolate myself as I don't really 'know' anyone.

What should I do? 




 I am the first person in existence to speak Othenai. 




 Eh, haircut or no haircut, I still look like a spaz. 




 Bugger.

I'm actually an ugly cunt, so seeing all of the people on here who aren't actually that ugly and still FA makes me feel kind of shitty. 
Hopefully you fools will use my pictures to motivate yourselves as it's definitely not your looks holding you back. Get out there!

Edit: Picture time is over.
 




 Did I tell you how much I smoke w33d? im liek a [-3] now 




 I'm a guy, I think it could be a little weird if I rubbed vaginal scent behind my ears. 




 My gooch is sparkly fresh every day and I've never been laid.

Edit: I think I may have been misunderstood. A gooch is slang for your perineum ( the skin between your arse and your knob) not for vagina. I'm a dude, I wash my gooch, not my vagina.  




 Depends how much effort you want to put into world building. 

If I were to name a new world, I would probably base its name off of the language of the main character/dominant culture/who is telling the story in the world. You don't necessarily have to create the entire language of the most dominant culture but if you align the world's name with the same distinct style as, say, the cities of this culture, it would give it a unique flavour.  




 My dad went through this exact same procedure! They also took bone from his wrist to use as cartilage for the new nose. His doesn't look so fancy,though. 




 Very little nowadays. Even when I laugh I feel pretty empty.  




 It makes you feel that  the only solace and acknowledgment you will ever receive is from the wheels of an oncoming train. 




 Ah,ok.

Haven't really heard much about neuroplasticity  outside of the small amount of time I spent reading about it for my linguistics classes, so I'm definitely uninformed on the matter. 




 humans aren't locked in like you seem to think.

Maybe not so much for Alphas and Betas, but most of the stuff I've read pretty much condemns Omegas to a lifetime of mediocrity and inadequacy.  




 I have no idea what you are talking about as far as Omega's and your pyramid but I will say a few things

Pyramid structure probably wasn't the right term to use, I'll change that. Cheers.

As for the 'fake it till you make it', I have trouble wondering how someone would go about doing that, basing their entire life off a false persona. It is really that easy? 




 Right here with you,mate. I'll sit in the same spot for the majority of the weekend imagining the happy, eventful lives of others. 




 All the time,man.

I know that to get better and actually live a good life', I am going to have to drastically change the way I look/behave/think. Knowing this makes me bitter, and so I tell myself that even after all my struggles to get better, if I choose to get better, I'll be a totally different person and I'll hate myself for it. I'll hate myself and, more so,I'll direct that hatred onto others. 

I still believe that happiness isn't something that I'm allowed to achieve in the end; I'm just not meant to ever get it, and that if I do,it will be unnatural.  




 Great, now I have to cancel my tickets.

Fuck. 




