 was it dead skin? If so then man up and take a chunk of the living flesh! Mwahahahaha 




 take out a few 'spare ribs' first then you can reach. Apparently Prince did this.  




 err no.  




 What?? I'm curious! lol. Anyone else curious? Check this image out! http://theendofbeing.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/sex_woman_dolphin_205.jpg 




 THAT is actually true.  




 That HAS to be true!  




 http://spiders.ucr.edu/daddylonglegs.html 




 lol that made me smile.  




 it does help you get sick less.  




 umm duuh cholestrol??? 




 An aquaintence of mine says that all the time. Oh and she's alergic to alcohol, lizards, cats and ALL types of contraception. Oh and she's always bloody ill.  




 I'm googling it! 




 oooh moody! 




 Well now you know why you get cat stuff. 




 PANIC! Everytime that anniversary came up-you never said anything about knowing the month .. so I can assume I know that too.  




 Okay If my daughter, came to and said that she wanted to be male, then I've go loony! Not because of anger. But fear. They'll be worried {especially Mum} that you won't be accepted by society. There maybe alot of shouting by your dominant parent. But be strong. They care, that is all. 

They will doubt themselves as parents and think 'letting you play with _____ toy when you were younger is the cause. 

If you have friends that are aware, make sure they know when you're telling your parents. Make sure someone is at hand for pub or hug. Whichever you prefer. 

Know that every big explosion calms and ends eventually. But you may be about to cut your link to them permantly. Be strong. You don't live for your parents. You live for you. You're about to feel very guilty or angry or maybe both depending on how it goes. 

Either way I commend your honesty to them and your courage to do this. 
Good Luck. 




 Do you like cats? 




 The family you make is more important than the family you come from. Something I live by. 




 My parents were twats . . to the point I got on a train aged 16 and never looked back. I have a beautiful little girl. She does well in school, is generally polite and we do many activities together, usually chosen by her. My parents did none of the things I do for my little girl. Other than let me live in their council house. Over the years I tried to forgive n forget . .. they 'forgave' me for running away. But they still don't give a crap. My daughter is 5. They have seen her 4 times and that was when I went to visit them {mainly to see my kid brother} I don't even drive. They have 2 cars. They have never visited me.  




 Yeah-I've been there tried that .. it never works. 




 lol . . I have taste and I'm picky. I'm an ex poll dancer, {I stopped 6 months ago} so am obviously used to turning men down  . . .zillions of times in an evening.  




 ha show me a pic first!  




 Do a google search -volunteering in __________ town. 

 




 how about one of each-I'm a bi girl :) 




 That would be true. But don't get big headed.  




 she's not still cute to you anymore? 




 I'm female lol 




 She's used a face mask that you peel off once it dries. Nice effect. I scared my boyfriend in the same way once. I died laughing. I'm currently a ghost using his computer.  




 Only if you're a chubby chaser and like em old.  




 LOL I do that all the time-sorry. 




 My mother says that all the time. Grrrr! 




 How can she walk in those things??? 




 Yup. I'm female and I think a life without sex is .. torture. 




 I thought unicorns ate rainbows? 




 You horrible meanie. Poor little squirrel. :.( 




 It's Arse. 




 that sounds like experience! 




 Ewww 




 By the devil. Mwahahaha! 




 I'm sure every man will tell you that blow jobs are awesome but sex is waaay more intimate. If I guy only went down on me-but refused to have intercourse it would be cool for a few weeks then I'd be like . . .nooo I need actual sex. Being intimate is soo important. Think about your natual instints. We like it because we're meant to. Sex = babies. That's what mother nature intended. {unless you play safe}  




 Ouch . .you got hands right? Do what everyone else does and use em. 




 and how long does an open relationship last? Never very long. One person always gets jealous/hurt. Also with an open relationship, he'll probably find someone that becomes a regular .. fuckbuddy then they'll grow feelings for one another . .the rest is history. 




 play safe. I like it. 




 it means she doesn't want sex. Ever 




 AND if she's got something, you should get tested too. Just in case.  




 lol cool beans. Buzz me when ya free. 




 Major nerd 




 I'm female actually and that happened to an aquaintence of mine. It completely confused her- if she wasn't having to deal with enough. She's okay though. She did keep the baby even after everyone telling her not to. She's now a single mum and happy. Her little girl is lovely and brought up well. Atleast she made good of a bad situation. Most women I doubt could handle this. That girl is exceptionally strong willed.  




 Well I met him just after I was assulted. I stayed with him for almost 2 years. He done a whole heap of other things to completely screw my very innocent mind{at that time} up. I'm 23 now and thank him for the err . . .life experience but I still despise him. What he did at court that day- wasn't half as bad as the other stuff he did. I now have a great guy that fully supports me and isn't controling. Just like any other soppy story -he caught me completely offguard. He's awesome. :) 




 I have was sexually assulted when I was 17. I had so much fear afterwards. Stay with her as much as you can to make her feel safer. She needs to feel completely protected. Give her lots of hugs. But don't slate the attacker. She already knows he's a prick and doesn't need to hear it. 

Keep her well away from booze or anything else. She also may have repetative nightmares about it and if that happens just tell her she's safe and with you. 

My partner at the time tried to perswade me not to go to court about it. The guy DID get off on not enough poxy evidence. Even though girls have made claims against him before. 

When I walked outta that court room. My 'now ex' partner said 'told ya so' he told me I put myself through that court hearing for nothing. Whatever you do, don't do that. Makesure she goes through the courts and even if he doesn't get found guilty support her in every way you can. Tell her how proud you are of her for standing up to him. 

Oh and this will always haunt her but she will learn to deal with it in her own time. Please be VERY patient.
 




 Or be pregnant. That makes it waaay more worse.  




 Murder? 




 I was thinking, just take an axe! 




 I bet you've dropped chewing gum a few times in your life.  




 'I remember' . . back in the day .. how old are you? That kind of behavior hasn't happened for years! 




 Aha I'm sooo going to stalk you now.  




 You just made me giggle more than the OP did.  




 I um kinda did. :/ 




 Has anyone noticed how his left arm is positioned weirdly? 




