 Hi :)

It is awful to feel 'not normal'. I don't ever remember feeling anything other than a freak for a long time. Self-harming was just one of many ways that I 'coped' with the storm inside my head.

But I have spent 5 years learning ways of dealing in a healthy way. I never engage in harmful behaviour to cope with stress anymore...wow just saying that makes me feel somehow amazed at how different I was to back then; back when I drank, occasionally took drugs, binged and purged on food and self-harmed. I never once now have the urge to engage in any harmful behaviour (the worst I do now is eat a whole pizza to myself followed by a mountain of ice-cream - bit again that isn't to punish myself so it isn't the same thing). 

So why is I have not got any desire to 'give in' to addictions? Because I learned to love myself. I love myself too much to disrespect myself in such a way. I know I deserve to be happy. And that lesson is probably the most important of anyone's life.

The tools that helped me vary from self-affirmations to meditation (no I'm not a crazy hippy, I promise ;)).

People do care, but they don't know how to deal with uncomfortable things. There is too much stigma surrounding it. I am trying to raise awareness and now try to help people that go through similar things that I survived. That's how I see it. I survived. If you'd like to speak in more detail please feel free to ask :) xx 




 Hi :)

Firstly, you're already doing so much by not judging her! Take it from a survivor of self-harm; being made to feel ashamed is incredibly debilitating and worsens the problem.

Self-harm is a way of coping. I don't know if she'll be able to relate, but for me it was a way of stopping the chaos that was in my head. The physical pain was the only thing that beat the emotional pain...at least for a while.

As I said, I'm a survivor. I have gone from doing it almost weekly, to now being free of it for over 8 years. I help and support people going through these things, so please let me know if you would like to talk to me more about it. 

Sending you both strength and love  




