 Aww it looks just like my Cleo, but she is napping on the sofa downstairs. I hope his/her family are found soon. 









 Actually OP said TSA or other authority.  




 Ah, ok, then definately check out Ehlers symptoms :-) 




 Did you mean hyper/hypo mobility rather than tension then? 




 Have you ever looked into Ehlers-Danlos (Hypermobility type) syndrome? Also, quit the tobacco, quit the alcohol, quit the coffee (the migraines are probably from caffeine wthdrawl). 
Forget about your relatives issues if tests have come back clean, you are looking too much into a 'reason' and not into your own personal issues.

I suffer with constant pain in most of my joints, exhaustion, muscle weakness despite working out regularly (yes, despite the pain). I suffer from Generalised Anxiety Disorder which causes depressive episodes. I am finally in the process of being diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos. The symptoms are varied and seem unconnected until you put them all together.

PS How do you have high and low blood pressure? 




 Stocks of silicon. 




 So true. 




 Sounds like you haven't met many nice nurses then? 




 and we have found a doctor...... 




 She is three(ish) years old and we picked her up yesterday from the shelter. She was confiscated from her previous owner. 














 Thanks! 




 We are lucky to live in the newer area of Aurora, near to Southlands Mall. We can jump on the E470 and be at Denver Zoo in 30 mins, downtown in a little more. We visit the Aurora and Cherry Creek reservoirs to walk. My eldest is at a great kindergarten and is looking forward to moving to a good school for Grade 1 next year. We live in a really nice and quiet community, kids play out on the street safely. There is a little clean and safe playpark a few minutes walk away. We are located really well for shopping! Southlands is 10 mins away at most, plus we have Sprouts and King Soopers :-) 

We have only been here 6 months, but it is easily the best place we have lived in, and we came from England!  




 I live in Aurora with my husband and two young kids, and it is lovely :)  




 Hi, do you know how she is with children? We should hear tomorrow whether we are allowed a cat in our house by our landlord (they agreed to a dog but we asked for a cat!). I am home a lot during the day, both my children love animals and have been taught to respect and be kind to all animals. They both adore cats and have been asking for a pet for a long time! 
In short, if you can wait a day or two for our landlords response, we may be able to provide a very loving home :-)
I will get back to you as soon as I can, but if you do find another home that can take her sooner, do what you need to do for your allergies! 




 Why not move out the way and ignore him?  




 I dont know why you are being downvoted, Im with you on this point. 




 Yup, married him too :-) 




 We moved to Denver six months ago from the UK. My daughter who is five and a half now has an awesome American/Cornish accent (think English country bumpkin for the Cornish!).
I don't really recognise a 'Denver' accent as such, though you sure don't say your 't's. But I do notice accents from around the US when I am out an about, and can kind of tell visitors or implants to the area. The main ones I can pick out are the Southern accents as they seem so different to what I hear day to day.
I still have a strong southern English accent (think Londoner) but I am usually confused for being Australian for some reason, we sound nothing alike! :-) 




 Pink Spring Rolls 




 I shall drag my oven up the mountain for you! :-) 









 Thank you :-) 




 I was pretty suprised when he came out with the comment and I do hope he gets a talking to from the higher-ups. It is a PG shiw with kids watching. Sure, be edgy and outlandish, but rape jokes just aren't funny to everyone. 




 Here is how to use the clove oil - note the bit about not getting it on your tongue or gum :-)

http://suite101.com/article/how-to-use-oil-of-cloves-for-toothache-a192953 




 For a start, which brand are you on? There are so many different types and brands. If you took two pills on the Saturday it could just be the extra hormones in your body giving you the symptoms. Check your pill information, and do a pregnancy test in two weeks if you have not had your period by then (assuming you have a 28 day cycle). The cramping could have been ovulating pain, some women get this mid-cycle. The timing of missing the pill and unprotected sex was most likely during your more fertile period, so if you are really concerned about the likelyhood of pregnancy, you need to ask your gyno, not reddit!  









 Feet.

Very muscular arms. 









 Yeah, because that was their first priority....... 




 It is not on their picket schedule yet... 




 His uncle has confirmed he was killed on his own fb page. My condolences to you all and his family and I hope his wife pulls through. 




 But the people who are using it do. 




 Wow, so much hate on an image.

Sometimes people feel helpless despite of giving blood, donations, whatever, and want to show support and solidarity. To let those affected know that they will not be forgotten. It happens almost everytime there is an incident or major event - one went round for the CO wildfires. If you don't like this stuff then don't comment or like it on Facebook. Don't disrespect other people for having particular feelings. 

As for you thinking it is some sort of awesome marketing ploy - yeah, that's exactly how the filmmakers want the film remembered. With sadness and mourning.

People are connecting to the tragedy because a lot of people are being affected by it. I spent the morning trying to support a friend who's daughter was missing (found safe and well at 9am).

 




 For families that had to be evacuated from the five apartment buildings in and around the suspect's apartment today, City officials are opening Aurora Central HS immediately as an evacuation center. City of Aurora has coordinated with the Red Cross to provide food, bedding, counseling, cable/movie access for families. Aurora Public School buses are available to shuttle folks back and forth from the evacuation area to/from the Aurora Central HS. 




 Thank you, I was very British and made myself a cup of tea.

I have managed to get hold of my husband and prepped him of my frame of mind for when he gets home. I could not make it out the house. I did manage to let the kids play in the back yard with their sprinklers so they had fresh air and good fun.

I have contacted a group of women I know well to let them know how I am feeling, we are good at supporting each other through hard times.

I think it has hit me very hard as I have been experiencing very bad homesickness recently and had my friends and family reminding me why this was a great opportunity and a great place to be. Now it seems spoilt and the dream life feels broken. Even as I am typing this I know deep down it is not an accurate representation, but the anxiety and issues just force the worst thoughts out.

The scariest part for me was that a local friends child was missing until 9amMT (she was found safe and well) but her mum was franticaly searching for her and trying to get any information on victims and the injured. We also have friends who work and serve at Buckley, and knowing that they may have friends missing, injured or dead was awful.

Everyone I know is just in shock and unable to understand why this happened again in Colorado.


P.s. Your chin up did raise a smile from me though :-) 




 Hmmm, that would not make me feel any safer. No offence, but as a Brit, I really do not get the US mentality that more guns = more safety.
If someone is going to shoot into a darkened room packed with people, nobody is going to be there with the skills to shoot back accurately and without injuring anyone else.  




 I'm glad he is alive to face the consequences of his actions and to, perhaps, give the victims and their families some insight in time into why he did this.
However, I am also pretty sure there will be back and forth as to his mental state and ability to stand trial and serve life for his crimes.
This will take time, a lot of time. 




 I think some have gone to friends and family, the rest are just outside the exclusion zone on the streets waiting for news. I would guess that the news channels will broadcast shelter information later this evening. 




 They have had to leave with pretty much nothing, some are still there in their pyjamas. Taking food or drink to the residents could be nice? 




 Bonfils are filled for the next week, but are asking for donations in the weeks after.
 




 Its's nothing I haven't got in my comment history talking to other people with anxiety or depression issues, but thank you for your concern :-)
 




 I have diagnosed Generalised Anxiety Disorder. I have had it since I was a child (it is believed to be an effect of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome type III, which I am currently being tested for). I have issues with death and often will have nightmares about being chased by death and having to protect loved ones from dying.
I underwent CBT (cognitive behaviour training) when I was in the UK and up to this point I have been in a much better place, I am trying to find my CBT notes at the moment to go back over my strategies and though processes.
My feelings are basically heightened anxiety/elevated adrenaline levels, tearfullness, fear and return of mild agoraphobia.
It is hard as I have two small children who I want to take out, but I'm scared to go out 'just in case'.
I'mgoing to see if I can go to my friends house not far from here, the kids can play and she knows a bit about my issues.
Thank you for your words x 




 I feel so upset and sad for those affected and for those who have lost friends and relatives 
We moved to Aurora 5 months ago and are here for another 4 years. We came from a small town in the UK where the most exciting things that happened were when the cows escaped from a local farm.
I never expected such a horrible thing to happen here, never expected to have friends searching for their children, having my husbands co-workers missing or hurt (we don't know about any deaths yet).
I have anxiety issues already, but now I don't feel safe going out to public places, if someone can kill people in a cinema, where is safe?
How do I make myself feel safe again?
. 




 There are many dogs available for adoption in the area - try the Dumb Friends League :-)
 




 Go today, I'm sure they would take you x 




 I wouldn't like to imagine the carnage if people carrying legally tried to fight back in a dark, crowded theatre. 




 Noooo! English scones are round :-)
 




 Drowning at a lifeguard course? :-) 




 Ouch!
 




 Appologies in advance if I have used 'ironic' in the wrong context! 




 Fair enough :-) 




 Not being a douche, but only 19 of the US states require safety inspections (scroll up on the link). The info you have given is for states that do not check VIN, emissions **and** safety. 




 ohhhhhhh.... now I get it. 




 Search the treatment in Google? That will turn up the common or manufactures website which will include what the treatment is used for. 




 Well done for going down to the station. Its a shame they cant help you more but I guess they need to catch him doing it. Please, please call the police on him when you know he is out there drunk and driving. 




 Erm, same story. 




 Seriously, the roads are like rivers here in Aurora at the moment. Stay safe x 




 Report him. Or do you want to be partly responsible for something like this: 

http://m.thedenverchannel.com/w/news-local/story/66662597/ 




 Ok,

1. I was 19 when I first had sex, it was ok, I ended up married to the guy so it couldn't have been too bad!

2. I didn't have my first vaginal orgasm (and by this I assume you are not referring to clitoral orgasms) for a long time, I guess it was within the last two years and I am 32 now. Mainly because I never really looked into how to get it to happen, and I was satisfied with clitoral orgasms anyway!

3. A vaginal orgasm for me needs some preparation, and I need to actually work to have one.

4. For me, it is about preparation and positioning. I need to be really turned on and close to orgasm, then I can focus on stimulating my g-spot. On top is a great position as I can control depth and angle. Also, I need the stimulation close to the vaginal entrance so deep thrusting just doesn't do it for me! I'm not sure it was anything other than wanting to try it out and reading up on technique that did it for me. Occasionally it is easier to achieve if I am more relaxed, or really turned on!

Hope that helped answer some of your questions? 




 Why do you think they died out? :-) 




 Sadly the dinosaurs are not edible, but the kids can take them home after the party! 









 I d0 :-) 




 Because this is the site being promoted by all the local agencies and news sites in an effort to coordinate funds. Of course it is rough, do you think they have the time whilst fighting fires to make it pretty? And it directs people to the Red Cross and Salvation Army as well as other groups needing funds such as vets and sanctuaries for the animals affected. 




 Yes, Im in Aurora, with friends in CoSprings, we have offered space in our house to evacuees. 




 Actually, I did, there are two postings of my link to the resources on this thread. If you can't be bothered to scroll, here it is again... http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Actually, we were sent here by my husbands work. Oh, and the last controlled burn didn't turn out so good. 




 That needs a Patrick Starfish meme :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

My original comment got buried :-) 




 Sorry, no idea, maybe because it is not always in use and is changed according to the information that they need to get out? I am not overly familiar with WOT though I know what it does, does it rely on uptime and issues with security, or just user responses? 




 Crazily enough, there is a firework sales tent pitched not 5 mind from my house. Idiots will be oblivious to everything saying they are banned :-( 




