 Tag me. It's going to happen. If not, I'll post a video of me deep throating my belt.  




 Haha, like, what's the protocol for this? Do I take a picture in a week when spring breaks over?  




 Holy shit, this kid is in my fourth hour chemistry class. He gets bullied all the time, I talked to the teacher about it last week.... Shit.... The internet's real... 0.o like... I know that kid... I'm seeing in a week... Spring break for now... 




 He went to Kickapoo high school in Springfield, I'm currently in a gym class with his niece. Small world. 




  I love you, dammit. Sorry I have nothing else to offer, I hope you find something to love, something to hang on to. 




 Thanks a bunch. 




 I have never been able to find e music video, if you could link it I would be so grateful... 




 How to save a life - the fray. Too many friends lost. 




 Thank you for telling me, and I wanted to try and get it translated by someone who could make sure the meaning and emotion carried through. But oh wells, I'm not sure why it didn't work :( thanks anyway. 




 "If I was a squirrel, I'd bury my nuts in your backyard." 




 It showed his eye
 




 Pssssst. This is fake.  




 Am I the only one who thought that he stuck his "head" in and "washed"/pissed on the car? 




 :) Too late but you're a cool guy
 




 I digress 




 ~~ today~~

On this comment thread
 




 Halo 1, Bungie admitted that the pistol was only that powerful because of a glitch. Entirely changed the game, but not in a bad way 




 So today I've been working on a final paper, and I decided to work on leveling up. What I did was go into infection, and find the best hiding spot you can. Leave your guy there, because (I think) this is the only gametype where you WON'T be kicked for not moving! I've gained 200,000 xp in the past few hours just by looking up at the end of every game. 

NOTE: This is for gaining XP when you're doing something else, like working on a final! 









 But... but... I'm a loser :( 




  Sorry I totally forgot the [FIXED] in the title :( sorry!! 









 Sure 




 This defines religious persecution. I see no conflict, sorry 




 I think this will help everyone on this thread. Just the definition of the word everyone's debating. It does not mention having rights stripped or taken away.


per·se·cute (pûrs-kyt) tr.v. per·se·cut·ed, per·se·cut·ing, per·se·cutes 1. To oppress or harass with ill-treatment, especially because of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or beliefs. 2. To annoy persistently; bother. 




 per·se·cute  (pûrs-kyt)
tr.v. per·se·cut·ed, per·se·cut·ing, per·se·cutes
1. To oppress or harass with ill-treatment, especially because of race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or beliefs.
2. To annoy persistently; bother.
 




 No it does not, actually. I think the word you mean is something along the lines of "physical persecution," or something like that. But I understand what you mean, Just, the word does not mean what it seems to be that most people think it means. 




 Nah, I was just kidding. It just is a hostile picture for me, to equate a prayer to someone's faith as nothing more then this. BUT. this is the internet. So please, please don't feel the need to tell me to get the fuck over it, because i know. *you have the right to your opinion!!!* so I am not saying that you need to change. But please read the top two lines of my original post, and then read reddit for a long time. You will see what I mean, I hope. But this is MY opinion. Feel free to voice yours! 




 Please google the definition of persecution. I seriously do not mean conflict over this, so I will agree, that no, I have never been physically bullied. But I don't think the point needs to  be explained that people can do more damage without physical violence then you think. 




 **YES** 




 I agree, I think you're right. 




 That's one of the most ignorant things I've ever heard. "Jeez, why'd that girl commit suicide from cyber bullying??? She wasnt REALLy persecuted, I mean, come on!"

If you are going to go down the list of what constitutes persecution, I find that over 3000 people getting together and making fun of my beliefs constitutes persecution. The def. of that word is to be subject to hostility. I don't think anyone can judge what someone feels, and if they are feel they are persecuted. To clarify, please don't take this hostilely. What I am trying to say is that it is in the eye of the beholder in terms of who decides if they're persecuted. If I go on r/atheism and see [this](http://i.imgur.com/hcBQP.jpg) , feel very persecuted. We should respect all and everyone's opinion, because if we don't, then who can respect ours? 




 Is it weird I only clicked on this link because I have a giftcard to there? 




 There were to men working out in the hot sun digging a ditch. Their boss is a little ways away sitting under a tree reading. One digger says to the other, "Why do we have to work while he relaxes?"

The other says, "I don't know. I'll go ask."

So he gets out of the ditch and goes and asks his boss, "Why do you relax while we work?"

The boss says, "Well, am farther up in this company."

To this, the digger replies, "Why do you get to be higher up?"

So, the boss says, "I have more common sense then you."

"what's that?"

The boss then proceeds to place his hand on the tree and say, "Hit my hand as hard as you can."

So the digger does, but the boss moves his hand and the digger hits the tree.

Walking back to the ditch, confused and rubbing his sore knuckles, he hops down and the other digger asks him why they have to work while the boss gets to relax.

The man says, "He has more common sense."

"What's that?"

So, to demonstrate, the man puts his hand on his face and says, "Hit me with that shovel as hard as you can." 




 agreed. 




 K, American here. The anthropocentrism of science has formulated an inability to process without quantification. This is a fundamental flaw, and leads to the lovely fagfarts statement of knowledge being subjective, nothing is certain as true.
 




 More people need to see this. 









 Excellent advice, have to laugh at your username. 




 NOT FUCKING SUITIBLE FOR LIFE. LIFE. There is a difference. NSFL 




 lol happens way too much 




