 I want....  




 Can i buy one?  




 i hated it just as much xD 




 1. Majoras Mask
2. Ocarina of Time
3. Twilight Princess
4. Windwaker
5. Link to the Past
6. Link Between the Worlds
7. Phantom Hourglass
8. Minish Cap
9. 4 Swords
10. Oracle of Seasons
11. Oracle of Ages
12. Links Awakening 
13. Legend of Zelda 
14. Skyward Swords

 




 Personally i liked twilight princess a lot better. Skyward sword was just bleh. I was super disappointed by the game overall. I think it was annoying having to buy everything and constantly fly around back to the main city. I just came out of the game not liking it at all. All the other ones ive played a million times, that one i probably wont even finish. What I really just don't like is the motion controls. I feel like i'm flailing around. I don't have a wii u yet, but I was hoping that they would mostly do away with that, or at least make an optional control to no have to swing remotes around. 




 I didn't like the clutch on the new bike. I didn't like the riding position.  Just my opinion. It didn't feel faster,  it felt sloppy.  




 Tbh i have ridden both ninja 250 and ninja 300 and i far prefer the 250. It was an excellent starter before i moved on to the 600  




 Yeah i agree. Unfamiliar bikes make it worse. And it would be nice to have more then jeans. Which spurred me to buy some riding pants today.  




 Yeah i wouldn't bother again.  Not without a few one an one with good instruction. The group was mostly people who have been on track before. It was intimidating. All i went for was to demo some new bikes  




 Yeah. Hence i didnt call it a track day. Just first experience with a bike on the track. Not sure if go again. Not without proper instruction and my own bike.  




 It was a Kawasaki demo ride you could ride any bike there on the track with a large group.  I'm in canada not the US  




 Ugh i dont know if i feel like i wouldn't want to again. I was so afraid. I feel embarrassed.  




 Wonder who won  




 They had 2 to heavy for me... I'm like a 5'3 female and that bike was just too much bike  




 Just the track to be honest. The bikes were fine. It was super twisty... Not used to that and i felt nervous of the eyes on me and other riders  




 Went out on a ZX10R and then a 300r and both times i was just way too uncomfortable. I felt so nervous. Both times. Just destroyed my confidence. I got back on mine to ride home and felt awful on it. Like my confidence is just shattered.  




