 Resources are worked by the city aren't they? 

Maybe they changed it for different versions. 




 Are you too afflicted with tall/wide/resting-bitch-face? 




 Stubbing your toe hurts. 

Shouldn't you be working though? 




 But it's super trivial.  




 Why? 




 When everything is ridiculously overpowered, nothing is. 




 Pretty sure reddit has been marking all of these threads as nsfw. 




 Asshole =/= blunt/honest.

I'm an asshole, I'll tell you if your opinion is hit, or you need new makeup. 




 After seeing what my father and mother did to three kids, I don't want to o that to someone. 

For real, if you have depression or borderline personality issues, don't have a kid. 




 Yeah? Ever rear end someone? 




 I used to work in construction. (used to is a different issue, construction of new homes dried up.) 

I broke the back window of a cargo van once. Was loading up a t pole to take back to the shop after a hotwire passed, pulled a ladder from underneath, jimmied the pole a little bit back(without knowing) and broke a back window on a company truck. 

Now I make sure I have clearance before Clarence clears me. 




 Fuck, I'm lonely. 

Yeah. Sucks man. 

Question, do you like to connect with someone on a deep level or are you more of a light conversation kinda person?

Because I started hanging out a fairly busy local bar and the short, drunken talking about whatever conversations suit me really well.  




 Mn, I was really hoping this was a [Frequency](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frequency_%28film%29) related post, but it wasn't. 




  They're brainwashed by their government who bring up the Falklands any time their government is in trouble in any way.

If it works, it works.  




 It depends on if you have a citizen working that tile after the improvement is completed. Citizen management can be adjusted if you click on the city and look at the drop down menu on the right.

If your city is not well fed, the ai may choose to put a citizen on a farm before hills or a mine. Or, if you have bonuses to tiles that may seem more useful. (Like if you have the sacred path pantheon with give +1 to jungle tiles.) 

Long answer short, yes your worker will likely be produced sooner, but if you want to make sure, citizen management in the the city screen is a good reference. 




 Just grab your junk and hold on for the ride. 




 Lack of enforcement =/= legality  




 No, legally they cannot. A business can't refuse service based on race or sex. And yes, these things still happen. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cracker_Barrel#Racial_and_sexual_discrimination 

Just one of the ones I know of. 




 Man, why does my country suck so much sometimes. 




 That's really more of Feds give money to the state, state allocates resources as needed to meet feds requirements for achievement.  




 Pretty sure its not really done for an aesthetic value. 




 Oh man, I'm so glad you're such an uplifting and nice person. I've got some advice for you: if you ever need money, there's always money in banana stands. 

Maeby I've made a huge mistake in telling you this, but when your cheaply built model home starts falling apart, you should always strive to be never nude, just in case you blue yourself while you have gobs of unlimited juice parties. 




 Can you really call it shitposting if it gets the job done? 




 iTT: BUTTHURT. 




 And yet, here you are, posting a comment.  




 1950's levels of investment and interest in scientific progress. 




 Assault on Wall Street was pretty bad. 




 Isn't that the one that would change color in the fridge? 




 http://i.imgur.com/3ozcyd1.jpg?1 




 Batman  Robin is playing on Ion right now. 




 I don't smoke, but its like this; pot is cool, pot culture is shit. 




 I love the bit in the warehouse where he's playing Family Feud with their knee-caps. That bit had me in tears. 




  Private companies are now bcomig heavily involved in efforts to monetize space exploration

Boeing and Lockheed have been making beaucoup bucks on that for decades. 




 Yeah, no one seems to understand this. 

The product LITERALLY reproduces itself. 




 I'm not really complaining about the cleavage. The lack of any hint of emotion/ability to use facial muscles was hard to deal with. 




 Unless its really bad. 




 Stop eating at food trucks and buy some glasses. 




 Uh, yeah.

http://i.imgur.com/NX2yeqp.jpg 




 Not sure if sarcasm. 




 Really? The same woman who did that "I'm a character that consists of a metric fuckton of cleavage and a really stupid look on my face ALL THE GODAMN TIME" in Jack Reacher? 




 It's more the idea that you have taken a pain reliever boosts its perceived ability upwards of half. 

So, if you took a sugar pill and was told it was tylenol or whatever, you would have some reduction in pain. Likewise, if you took a pill and were told it was a sugar pill, the pain reduction would be diminished. 

And this study was for OTC pain relievers, not opioids.  




 I saw a study that said ~43% of statistics are made up on the spot.  




 Saw a study that suggested upwards of 50% of a pain reliever's effect was placebo, people expecting it to work. 

So even if it does nothing, it could still do something. 




 Why would you... the fuck is wrong with you dude? 




 So it was a three on Juan kinda fight? 




 Was at the bar earlier and Middle America is lacking. No one over 6'3" and lanky.

Edit: maybe the wide bit is the Alaskan Native I have. Husky and baby viking (Danish). 




 Playing civ. FUCK POLAND.

/r/civ 




 Yeah, I know, I'm a fat dude. Seriously, if you met me, you would be low on guessing my weight. For real.

I'm just drinking, and just saying. Sometime we seem 'smaller' than we measure. 

Like for real, I'm 6'4" and 380. trust me when I say I look a lot less. 

/r;/fatpeoplehate here I come. Trust me, I'm working on it. Just calling all the guys/girls who are bigger than they look. 




 :D I KNOW YOU. 




 I've got some bad news for you... 




 Beacham ownership moved in. Its not a dive, just another soulless theme bar. 




 Awesome. Subbed. 














 Heathen! 




 Supporting the idea of lawyers. Most people don't need to have every loophole closed, but there are some fuckers out there who do.  




 I've worked as a bouncer and had to remove some straight assholes from the club, if while I'm removing them, they get away and grab a bottle, I push them and they break their neck on a wall or something, is that murder? Is it self defense?

At what point do I have to fear for my life? I'm a big dude, does someone have to be my size? Do they have to have a certain size weapon?  




 Ah. Good luck with that. I'm glad I don't have kids. 




 Do you not eat breakfast? 




 Ever put jam AND butter on some toast? 

Decadent as fuck. Blueberry jam is amazing. 




 Toast is pretty freaking good though. 




 I dunno, it could be alright. 




 Its not that Reddit actually hates these people, its that we think uptight, humorless, food-Germans are fun to make fun of. 




 "I GOTTA GO POOPY." - /u/kaison58 




 http://i.imgur.com/11hXA.gifv 




 I didn't know that. 

Huh. 




 "Any upgraded Minuteman retains the upgrade to get golden age points from combat."

You're thinking of the Pracinha, Brazil's UU. 




 Pull a tissue out of a tissue box without ripping one or pulling half a dozen more than I need. 




 Sorry, no idea. 




 "Its 106 miles to Chicago, we have a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, its dark... and we're wearing sunglasses."

"Hit it." 




 Dude, ouch. 




 Lionel Joesph?! From the African Education Conference in the Haile Selassie Pavilion? 




 All I hear is the squeak that the screws would make when the rub against the wood. 




 Or 'Articles' that are just a link to a page with the video on it and no text article. 

Seriously, I just want to get the information at my speed, not yours. 




 Pool and arcade games. I'll whip your ass in pool.

C'mon, what else are you doing on the friday night after Christmas?

I'll be there around 10. 




 Right? Super cheap.  




 Ramen. yeah, its carbs and shit, but damn if a packet doesn't help out with the bulk in bulking. 

Plus it's fucking cheap. 




 I'm new to Knoxville area, and I'm head to Urban in Oldtown tonight. 

Let's hangout! 




 I'm in Knoxville and heading to Urban tonight. 

Find me, I'll be the fat/tall guy at the bar drinking whiskey coke. 




 I wish I had waited and bought whiskey. But it's ok, I'm going out tonight.  




 Can someone translate this for me?

I'm just... I don't have the fucks to give to figure it out. 




 And here's how! 




 Ya'll are awesome. 

Also tall women are super awesome! 




 You aren't rich enough. 




 She's like a female equivalent of James, Chris or Steve.

Fucking dicks, the lot of them. 




 http://i.imgur.com/7nsZCmP.jpg

What did you say about mathematically impossible? 




 Its actually a brilliant move. They drown out competition, increase consumer confidence so they buy those big trucks again, and when the prices go back up there will still be competition, but the price will be even higher, allowing them to step in and buy the companies supplying the tar sands type oil. 

I mean yeah there's some niche shit to it, but damn, I hope they use lube on us later. Of course it might be too expensive. 




 No. But the level at which they decide to produce does have a direct effect on prices, in a less supply = higher prices way. 




 You just made a statement where you contradict yourself and that example is crap. 

Just so you know. 
 




 Holy shit. 




 I like pizza and cheap tvs. Deal with it ya damn hippie. 




 How do you figure? Instability equals a much less stable market. One government falling in the region has a huge impact on the market price for oil. 

And no serious coalition will form, its like herding cats, who have guns. 




 Back in my day we only had 3 channels and we liked it that way.

Seriously though, at least House was on, daytime TV is shit. 




 My point was more of once the oil prices start going back up hard to reach oil like the tar sands is going to become a viable source again. 

"Which could count as a geopolitical win in the Mid East region." 

We want that region as stable as possible, the fracturing of Iraq is the perfect example. Removing the leaders of a country with that many different tribes and sects all wanting the money is insane. 




 Eh, its a body part. Can get mixed up in the process. 




 Ugh. Conspiracy theories are so stupid. 




 Apparently some people have a misunderstanding of what Foul Bachelor Frog is all about. 




 A safeword should be a calm sounding word. Not too many hard consonants. 

And should always be something that doesn't fit the situation. Like 'Chicago' or something. 









 It's a delaying of the inevitable. I do think the Saudis are trying to drive the competition away, but as long as there is money to be made... 

Another aspect people don't get is that unless the US subsidizes oil in a serious manner, we will still be effected. Oil goes to market first, then it ends up at the consumer.  




 Points for front end down force on FWD?

I mean, it looks like shit, but in theory it should work better than a freaking spoiler. 




 Wow. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXSLcYQHqFQ 




 Holy shit. I'm sorry, but self deprecation is the best humor IMO. 

Benny Hill wasn't funny, but I got a good kick out of this. 




 Vampires Suck was bad, but it had some decently funny bits. 

The whole hating on Twilight thing was a plus. 




 Savings accounts don't even keep up with inflation anymore. 

You re literally better off keeping your money under the mattress than in a savings account and paying the capitol gains tax. 




 Few 5 star restaurants are publicly traded. 




