




 As the titles implies,  I made an agreement with a friend. Basically, he is not going to drink for a month if I don't smoke for a month. I made a joke in a conversation and now this is a serious thing. 




 The character customization in Tactics was really enioyable 




 Holy -expletive- the music is gripping and beautiful. Is it an original production or taken from a classical piece 




 DBZ Abridged: Tien. Because he's the serious character. That's the joke  




 That's an obscure FF reference if I've ever seen one 




 Give Goku Batman's preptime abilities and overall intelligence. That would be a fun what if, like what if Goku suddenly has an IQ of 1000 and can come up with better plans than "we need to hit this thing really hard"

Edit: he could beat Superman in that chili cook off posted earlier 




 This is a matter of preptime. I've heard and seen they are both ridiculous at it (beware of circle jerkers). 

Round 1: both get a week of preptime to figure out how to appease the hunger of Galactus.

Round 2: both get 6 months to figure out how to take down a higher tiered member of a different universe. (Loki vs Superman, Batman vs Thor)

Round 3: both get 5 years to prepare a contingency for something that they should not/cannot do by themselves. Situations are Loki vs Darkseid and Batman vs Thanos.

Bonus 1: The two fight to incap, no prep. (Bats doesn't kill in character)

Bonus 2: one month prep, fight to kill (bloodlusted) 




 Inb4 Comcast IS Hitler  




 Marvel 




 Greedo  shot first 




 I'm not your bud, pal 




 "Uno Dos tres cuatro Cinco Cinco seis"
The Offspring. One two three four five five six 




 This is Offspring. How fuckin dare you 




 Acid will do that to you 




 I would do that if I was somewhere closer to a legal market  




 I don't get any rashes or such. I usually just sneeze if there is too much smoke around,  so it could just be that 




 *you're 
And does that actually make a difference? 
Also sorry I'm an asshole 




 It seems ridiculous, but almost every time I smoke, I start sneezing and getting watery eyes (like allergies, not the natural bloodshot). I would think that you could since you could technically be allergic to anything since it depends on the body's reaction (despite most of the wonderful highs I've had over the years) 









 I'm losing my mind over your grammatical error 




 I've seen this twice in the last week. Baader-Meinhoff phenomenon  




 I poked too much smot. 









 I would say Tool or System of a Down honestly. Maybe Between the Buried and Me, not sure 




 LIKE A BOSS!! 




 Gotye 




 Nicola Minaj. Good sweet Allah, it sounds even worse than before. :( 




 Saw this higher up on the thread. Mother of God 




 This. I almost passed out from laughing because of this right after Thanksgiving dinner. Thank you u/kaseyunderneath for this image. 




 TIL I have slaves 




 Mine was always waffles in high school. My smoke buddy got a George Foreman grill for Christmas and we always got to a [10] and made waffles, thus the code 




 Anecdotal evidence follows: 
Marijuana can provide a psychological dependence, rather than a physical one (like, you will mentally crave it rather than physically) and this can be just as addictive and difficult to break as a physical dependence. One of the biggest signs to determine if someone is addicted to marijuana is to check their spending habits. If they are sacrificing necessities for weed, then you have an addict on your hands. 

Hell, anything can become an addiction if it fucks up the rest of your life enough  




 People always give me shit for casually smoking mids  (I break out dank for get togethers  and special occasions) 
The way I look at it I may have to smoke a little more, but I get a half of mids for the same price I get an eighth of dank. 
I wanted to hear r/trees' thoughts on the subject. 














 666 points  




 Working overnight stocking at a retail store whenever two guys come in at about 3 am and harassed me and my managers about torch lighters. Obvious reasons... 




 I just realized how visually beautiful and incredibly informative Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey was, especially on the second watching. [9] 




 Was Rick Rubin involved? Because he is involved with a lot of clipping in music from what I've heard through my music holes  




 Update: I was way too high to field any questions,  and Reddit doesn't notify me sometimes when people reply to my threads. To clear a couple things up, one of my friends was throwing bread at me because I was hungry. The munchies inspired the breads. And I wish I was a bird, but not like a pigeon. Actually, I wouldn't mind being around Mike Tyson  




 I started eating the bread. AMA 




 I believe Mackelmore even said something along the lines that Kendrick Lamar was more deserving of the award. Correct me if I'm wrong 




 The award won an award for being an excellent award?  




 21- Don't drink out of anger. Also, love the life you live. Live the life you love 




 "Super Ultra Power Saiyan."

What the fuck? 




 Kith 




 Dad joke of the year 




 KITH 




 He recreated the universe in his image IIRC 




 That bottom poster. Everyone needs to hear and or see that 




 How long did this take to make? I love the design! 




 You have probably heard of Metallica.

You might have heard of Baroness. 

You probably haven't heard of Behemoth.

And one I think no one has heard of is Deathgrips. I've met one person in the last 20 years who even vaguely knows of them/him, depending on your viewpoint.  




 Just because a fag is a fag doesn't mean we all have to be fag loving cocksuckers 




 And white girls everywhere approved , so long as there was pumpkin spice 




 Riddick for every good reason mentioned. Also, he has his Furian vision, depending on how much that helps. And it's Vin Diesel.  




 You could feed Galactus 




 You have to get the 4chan guy 




 Frigg off Ricky 




 Giggety 




 That's why I included scenario I could think of. Including base and strongest 




 I am in discussion with a few friends on this,  and we cannot make heads or tails of this. Fight is to death/incap.
Base power at first 

Rounds in character:

1) Marvel Earth 616, New York. 
2) Unpopulated Area

Repeat rounds for bloodlusted and best incarnation. 




 Loving the Kill la Kill attention!!! 




 South Korea is the best Korea 




 R. Kelly.  




 Feels like Smosh. Isn't Smosh. Food Battle Reddit 




 I was looking for something to watch on Netflix when I decided to search for Keanu Reeves (I wanted to watch the Matrix) Instead, I settled into a film called Man of Tai Chi, directed by, and somewhat starring, Keanu Reeves. 

Man of Tai Chi was a pretty good movie to watch (not top 5 or anything) but it is a great martial arts film still that is packed with action and elegance. 




 But are they real? 




 Get this man an Oscar! 




 Because not enough potato salad 




 Is there any way SA Superman can create a power or four that trumps these powers? 




 That's some Jimmy Neutron shit right there 




 Also, 2k Australia.  




 I kept asking myself why it seemed like everyone on Elpis sounded Australian...then I realized who likely did the voice acting. 




 Well, I mean C has Charlie Sheen; and he is winning. So uh; can I make an argument for every letter? 




 V: Victory. How do  you beat someone whenever they already have victory at their disposal 




 It was Larry the Cable Guy? What did you expect ? 




 And yet blacks become Mormons anyway.  




 Shit blizzard 




 Sounds like an easy disarm either way. Sorry,  I don't want to make this decision nor have to provide justification for said decision 




 Kansas. I was expecting Texas, considering the minigun. 




 I'd rather hear the good because I never get to hear the good about myself in life :( 




 Chooses sister.
Plot twist: doesn't have sister 




 I wore a $700 suit last Halloween. I also almost got alcohol poisoning and died. So yeah, I'd rather die in a suit 




 All these squares make a circle! 




 Banana by Tyson  about $250 




 I'd rather know when. If you know how, then you will avoid everything related to the how. If you know the when, then you can live as much as you can until that particular time you die 




 Almost forgot I was reading the shitty pro tips thread. I almost used this 




 Idk how they came up with the name, but it's not even Mario themed. :( 
The food is still good though 




 There was actually a Boo's Market where I grew up 









 The original mascot was supposed to be Clefairy, but it was changed to Pikachu because the creators felt that Clefairy would have been too girly for their intended audience 




 Taco Bell is America 




 Light your highlighter to highlight some good fire 




 Mine has been the new Smash Bros lately, but yea, thus makes me want to fire up my pipe and restart one of my Pokemon games. Thanks for that! 




 Comment no. 420 




 MvC 2 has Thanos. So there's that 




 Charming look alike takes over life of awkward finance guy.  




 Then we sat there for a minute, and she took her another valium. 

Haha God Bless Grandma. Don't down vote me for invoking the Lord's name
 




 Does not understand why this is so downvoted. 




 Yeah. Getting snapchats of this makes me miss Ball State :( 




 Funcie?  




 Like, there are some amazing movies out in all genres to watch when high, and we should have a thread where all of the recommendations other ents may have for each other can be seen. The wording probably doesn't make sense since I'm at a [6] 




 Firearms. No one likes a drunk person shooting off firearms. 




 Plot twist: am incompetent worker 




 I feel like Rick Rubin has been around too much music, if that makes any sense. 




