




 I personally am in in any capacity to do so because of health reasons. But I'll pass the message one to those concerned. Thank you for your advice. 




 I am aware of that, but it's daunting. I'll try my best. Thank you! 














 Rollins and Ambrose are going neck and neck in terms of performances. I think Seth is the best worker on the mat and his matches are always entertaining. 




 Seeing the individual brilliance of Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins, and to a certain extent that of Roman Reigns, it seems like WWE has got it right with the story line, don't you think? 




 Oh, thanks. I'll repost it in the right subreddit. 




 Thanks for your reply. I think that FTL travel may be achieved in the future. The idea may seem fantasy-like and hypothetical right now, but so did most technology that we use now a few decades back. I am not writing to the moderators directly. I hope you will reconsider. 




 I recently discovered the Stargate franchise. Being a sci-fi fan, I couldn't believe that I had missed it all this while. I watched the first movie after getting hooked to Stargate Universe's pilot. Since then, I have been watching Stargate SG1. I think that with the basic premise of Stargates, terraforming technology creating many earth-like planets, and the presence of superior races, almost every possible fantasy/scenario can be taken care of. 

For example, the Alien Universe (The Engineers = Ancients in Stargate), Game of Thrones/The Hobbit/Lord of the Rings (terraformed planets with transplanted earthlings coexisting with apparently alien species), the Marvel/DC universes (Thor franchise is directly mentioned), etc. 

What do you all think? 









 If you can believe that people on the other side of the world on the internet want to listen to you, it's likely that there are people in your immediate vicinity who will be. Just remember this - you are not an idiot/moron/bad person. Your brain and the chemical inside are making you feel this. Have you tried seeking professional help? If not, I would encourage you to do it. 

I will share with you an anecdote. A few years back, I was reeling under the first wave of full-fledged clinical depression. I was stubborn/obstinate and decided that there was no point in living anymore. I was then in a long-distance relationship. My then boyfriend listened to me and asked me to give myself 6 months. After 6 months, if I felt the same, he said he would let me do it. During the 6 months, however, my boyfriend got through to my friends and was able to start me on medication. That helped. I was able to cope better.

Maybe you can also do that. Here's a hug. Wish it were a real one. 




