 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn977W9HjWM 




 Doesn't even have a proper structure or transitions yet so there is lots of room for anybody who wants to work on it.
http://picosong.com/4UFk/

Also got this techno-ish song in work if that's more fitting.
http://picosong.com/4UFh/

Just write me a message or something. 




 First of all forgive me for any grammatical mistakes as english is not my mother tongue.


So since years I've played with idea of becoming a pro gamer, to make a living from what i love and do since i'm a child. 
Playing games. Now im 20 years old and life is a bitch these days. 
I never really knew what i wanted to do later on. Parents and friends tell me that i should start a normal career like everybody else. But that always seemed kinda dull to me. I've been playing League for a not too long time now but recently i started to think that i could actually do this. Becoming a pro. Dedicating my whole life on one single thing to become one of the very best. The question that crosses my mind however is if that is actually a realistic and a worthwile goal. 


I know that first of all i would need to get to Challenger to even get noticed by any of the bigger teams. Now I ask myself if anybody who puts enough work into it could achieve that. I know that there are people who are just naturally gifted and have a talent for it but do you really need that to become one of the very best? I wouldn't say i'm untalented but there are certainly a lot of people who are much more talented than me but they might have a worse work ethic. Also is it ridiculous to start a pro gaming career with 20 years of age? Am i already to late to start something that I've always dreamed of?


I know that these are a lot of rhetorical questions but i feel like i just need opinions from other people to confirm that i'm not out of my mind. The thing is i also have nothing to loose really. My social life is subpar as is my graduation. 


So what do you guys think? 




 Amazing times for all People Who are in australia right now. I'm normally from Germany but now i get to see every game in the evening before going to bed. Thanks Based god. 




