 Alright, so we've been together for a long time. I'm not having anxiety because of a trust issue or anything like that. I don't really know why I'm having anxiety. The message he sent me wasn't passive aggressive or anything he just said "Hi I can't talk at all today and I'm sorry. I love you. So, so, so much. Have a great day beautiful." I already knew he had stuff to do today, and I thought that to talking to and/or seeing him would be something I could deal with for at least one day, since when he's at his dad's, I have to deal with it for a week or more. It's snowing. I'm stuck at home all day so I don't have a distraction. I realize that I can't be so dependent on him, and that he has his own life, but my anxiety is pretty bad. How do I stop freaking out and get him off my mind? 




 I have severe anxiety, and I'm only thirteen. 've had it since I was seven due to some unfortunate events; it basically stole part of my childhood from me

See, my best friend who I love more than anyone, is at his dad's. His dad is a it of a douche so, that means I can't talk to him until very late at night and only some nights. It is a three day weekend, so I haven't seen him since we went out to eat after school on Thursday. He texts me sporadically, and I text him back. I usually get no response until much later, which for most people would be understandable, but having anxiety, I flip the hell out. I get kinda shaky, withdrawn, etc. This is an awful way to spend an otherwise glorious weekend. Any advice on how to calm down? 




 okay, so, in highschool, the two middle schools in my district are combined. The lunches don't go by grade, they're usually just random. I'm like crying and shaking right now because the idea of not being with my friends is scaring me. Not knowing anyone scares me, and I don't make friends very easily. At all. People say I have this "magnetic personality" but new people terrify me. Is there any possibility my psychiatrist could persuade the school to give me lunch with some people I know? Because if not I know damn well I will have anxiety attacks constantly, I'm probably not gonna have any classes with my friends since we're all on different levels anyway. Not having lunch is just too heavy.  




 I do the same exact thing,hoping it will spark real tears.  




 That's what I'm on now.. Did you notice it starting to just worsen your depression after a period of time? 




 Did the antidepressant happen to be lexapro?  




