 Agreed. He's giving some good advice there. I was once an assistant manager at one of my jobs, and it was always the people who went that extra step that always got the benefit of the doubt. Show them that you're dedicated, then do your job in such a way that it leaves -them- needing -you-. It happens. When I was assistant manager, regardless of some of my health problems, regardless of the fact that I was having panic-attacks every day, they kept me because, even if I wasn't doing perfect, I was at least doing consistent. And that's, at least as I saw it, what made a good employee. They were consistent, if not perfect. 




 That's rough. When I was young, because of my depression, I used to fake being sick a lot so I wouldn't have to go. I got picked on and bullied quite a bit, mainly because compared to all the other guys, I'm tiny. But one thing that time has taught me is that what you're experiencing is temporary - keep moving forward, get through school, if you have no one else trying to help you maintain your happiness, then take it into your own hands and do whatever it takes to make yourself happy. Friends are an extension of your happiness, not the definition. You may hear a lot of people (older people) say that 'high school was the best years of their life!'. But that doesn't hold true for all of us. High school were some of my worst years of my life. But I made it through, and you can too. When you get past this moment and into the next (whether it be college or a job or what have you), you have a chance at a new beginning. That's another lesson life has taught me - life is full of new beginnings. Even if you take it day by day, every day is a new beginning. I hope this helps, and again - you're going through a rough situation by anyone's standards, regardless of their age. But there are some of us who have been through similar situations, and if we can make it through, you can too. A quote from the ancient Samurai helps me with this - "six times down, seven times up"; what this means is when you fall, pick yourself up. If you fall again, then pick yourself up again. I'll be honest with you, it's not easy, but it's worth it. You're worth it. Take care, and remember - there's always this sub for you to bring your thoughts and feelings to, and obviously people who are at least willing to listen. Sometimes, that's all you need, is someone to listen. 




 You're welcome. Take care, and - once more with feeling - don't give up. 




 Self-loathing is a beast of a monster. But if I may try just one more time - you believe there's nothing that can help, and if you continue to believe that, there never will be anything that helps. But because of the nature of depression, it's hard to change from mindset to mindset, especially from a negative mindset to a positive mindset. But - I'm sorry if this is corny or too much of a stretch - but I honestly believe there is a way. It's part of my recovery from transitioning from drug addict to recovering. I always thought that drugs would be part of my life, I never thought I'd ever be more than the drugs in my system, and I honestly believed that it was all my life would ever be. One high to another. It was a struggle to get my mindset to the point where I felt I could finally believe any other way, and to this day, it continues to be a struggle. "Once an addict, always an addict", and for some of us, it's unfortunately true. If I ever went back to cocaine, I truly believe I'd be gone in days, if not hours. Which is why I do everything I can to stay away from it, and the people who do it. But I found a way to change my mindset and embrace sobriety. I may not know you beyond this conversation we've had, but I want you to know that I have hope for you - as dumb or as corny as that sounds, I truly do have hope for you. You may not believe you can do it, but having experienced weakness and that drowning feeling that comes along with depression, I do believe you can do it. I hope you can do it. If that doesn't help, then I'm sorry. I wish I knew what to say. If there was some magic phrase I could use to lift that self-loathing from you, I would say it. 




 I'll be straight up honest with you - I've never heard it myself, but I have friends who have, and it's heartbreaking. People who suffer from depression tend to be some of the most beautiful, compassionate people in the world, even when they're not feeling it themselves. But I do understand the fear -

My wife and I have been married for 2 years, and together for 12. I suffer from clinical depression, which means that I will be dealing with it all my life, like I have for as long as I can remember. All I've ever really known in my life is sadness and darkness, with some breaks of sunlight along the way. Some breaks lasted longer than others, and some seemed to only last a few moments. It's hard on me. But it's also very hard on her. I got lucky - I got damn lucky. I found a woman who's stronger than I could ever be, and she uses her strength to help me keep my head above water. But even the strongest among us have our limits. Every time I fall apart, there's always the question floating around in the back of my mind - "is this the last time she'll be here for me? If she left, could I blame her?" Like I said, I've gotten lucky. As for your situation, don't give up on love. Love saves, as corny as it sounds. This guy wasn't the one for you. I'm not going to say he broke under the pressure, but like I said - even the strongest among us have our limits. Him stepping out on you is on him, not you, and not your depression. And if someone sees something in someone worth cherishing, then someone else can potentially see that as well. So like I said, don't give up. 




 One thing I've learned through life is that you can't make other people happy if you're not happy yourself. When you suffer from depression, it ranges from hard to downright impossible. My advice, start working on your own happiness, because it's like turning a light on. That light will attract other lights, and soon you have a support group who can help you through whatever you may be going through at the time. For me, I'll admit that it's been a long, painful process, but that's how I've been viewing it - as a process. It takes time, it takes work, and it takes energy. When you suffer depression, that does seem like an impossible task. But don't give up. Please. Just try - you may surprise yourself. 




 No problem. Take care of yourself. :) 




 This honestly sounds like the beginning to the relationship between me and the woman that would eventually become my wife. She saved me. When we met, I was 21 and a complete mess. I was doing cocaine daily, popping pills whenever I could, and basically doing whatever drug that was placed within my reach. The reason? The same as yours - I absolutely hated myself. For the first few years, I did like you - I never once told her about my depression or my past drug use (I cleaned up for her, which was one of the hardest things I've done in my life, especially trying to do it in a way that she'd think I was just weird/crazy and not a recovering drug addict). She was supportive of me to begin with, but when I finally came out and told her about everything, the love and support only grew. If your man is even as half as kind and supportive as you suspect, I honestly feel you have nothing to lose, but everything to gain by telling him. Once he realizes he's your front line of defense against your depression, he'll be capable of being there for you in ways you can't imagine. For me, my wife certainly was.

From there, with his support, your battle with depression can only get easier. Educate yourself about your condition, and include him in what you learn, or when you tell him, explain to him what you do know about it. I hope this helps, even if just a bit. 




 Feeling rejected is a horrible feeling, but don't let it stop you. You may not have gotten this job, but that doesn't mean you won't get the next. And if you don't get that one, you get up and try again. The highest I've climbed at any job I've done was assistant manager - meaning I sat in on a lot of interviews and gave my opinion on whether someone should be hired on or not. I can tell you right now, that I watched a lot of amazing people step into that office who would be perfect - but that's the thing about the job-hunt, you're not the only one doing it. I don't know why they didn't pick you, but I do have an idea of what you can do now. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and try again. And again if you have to. But whatever you do, don't give up - and learn from any job interview that doesn't lead you to getting the job. One question I ask (if an employer actually calls to let me know I didn't get the job) is - "was there anything I could've done in my interview that would have improved it?". If they have the time, they just might answer. And one more time, with feeling - Don't give up. 




