 Thanks so much. I woke up and cried this morning then when I got into work I remembered to check and all the comments really made me feel warm  




 Thank you :)  




 I have therapy currently, but the UK NHS will only pay for 7 sessions. Which ends soon. I'm hoping we will be able to pay privately after that. Other wise I'm at a loss as to what to do  




 Yeah that's it, every month. I build myself up and I actually start to feel happy, but that's because there is hope then. When I get my period it's ground zero, and I have to build my way back up, trying not to hope but never being able to stop is creeping up, such a wonderful feeling to have. If you can get what you're hoping for in the end, when it's dashed month after month, hope becomes everything I detest and hate, hope currently makes me bitter and angry and jealous of all my friends, who I desperately want to be happy for and I can act happy for them. Inside I'm dying for what they have. It really feels like I'm dying infront of them.  




 I've got a little chihuahua who is wonderful and loving, and gets my constant mothering. She really is our little baby  




 This community is great, and always helps. It just helps to know that actually, you aren't insane and crazy, because every woman feels the same in the same situation. It helps that i'm not alone but also makes me so sad....that i'm not alone in this. It upsets me so much seeing how so many women are feeling as broken, useless and desperate as i am 




 You put it so perfect, it's the most challenging mental workout i've ever had. One that I can't control. I've just started therapy as well :(  




 Is that your little doggie? he/she is very VERY cute. Thank you 3 




 I called in sick most of the week, and hid away in the dark. Crying and screaming and stamping my feet and banging doors on purpose. Then trying to reign it in for when my OH gets home so he doesn't see how mental this is actually making me (little doses, he's a gentle soul haha)

I feel so pathetic for needing time off work, some months i can handle it, others i can't. Usually the months when my period is late, it screws with my head so much.

I'm sorry you're going through this too, where's our F'ing stalk when we need him eh? big hugs to you as well x 




 Thanks Fabulous Mrs O ;)

It makes me feel better that there are people going through what i am, feeling what i am, doing what i do. Then is breaks my heart that there are so many women, all over the world who are feeling and hurting like i am. We all deserve babies, my newest and most overused thing i say is 'but why don't i get a baby and the bad mums do?' i'm getting sick of myself 




 I'm so sorry you went through something so awful :( I had a miscarriage two years ago and that was something I'm sure I will get over, I can't imagine holding my baby in my arms and seeing what could have been. I'm crossing everything for you that a week late means good news and that you have a happy and healthy pregnancy. 

This is the third day I am late, it's been two days late before but not three, but then it isn't really three until the end of the day. 

I'm not holding out any hope though, I know I'm not. I'm not going to do any tests and upset myself more when they are negative. 

I was told two years ago that I was infertile and I thought over time it would get easier, but it doesn't, it just gets harder. 

Why am I not entitled to something so many women get by 'accident' ? 




 Thank you 3 




 I remember when I used to be pleased when I got my period, and almost pleased when they were irregular 'woo not pregnant and not so many periods' now I detest getting them but getting a late/irregular/non existent syke you out one? Worse.  




 That's the worst part, the hope. I know I'm not pregnant, I've been here many times before and done test after expensive test, willing it to say positive only for my period to arrive, finally and I'm devastated. 
So this time, no tests and no hope, I know I'm going to get my period and that's that, but it's not. With every hour, heck with every minute that goes past there is a little bit more hope. 

What gets to me is the constant toilet trips I'm having to take because 'OMG it's finally here' oh no false alarm.  




