 Thanks, I'll get some cotton 




 I believe it's a tegenaria atrica,  Going to post again tonight with the revised enclosure and more details  




 Small house spider 




 Small house spider 




 Its for a small house spider :)  









 Thank you very much! 









 Blackhawks and Bruins are playing tonight and I won't be around to see it. I stream games on my laptop so does anybody know where I can see the game in full another time? I dont have any sports channels  tv subscriptions. 




 The link didnt work so thats why I asked :p 




 Sweet! What are the dimensions like? 




 Hey what are using as terrarium there? Looks perfect 




 Nah seriously, I like this little gal 




 So bog 




 Another one of the many posts that makes me go "eeuugggh" and squirm a bit 




 r/adventuretime 




 Ok well I misspelled the title but you get the idea :p help? 









 Thank you, It has recovered I was planning on posting it tonight 




 He did well to reclaim it from Bin Laden, But Madeline McCann is still a big player on the professional circuit, He's got some competition! 




 Wasn't this on here like a month ago? 'Not now human' or something?  




 Upvoted purely and only for the title 














 Every group project ever. 




 What are your interests? I follow sports but I also enjoy writing and reading 




 Can't imagine how awkward it was when you returned 




 Well, at least she'll remember you! 




 Although sometimes you may genuinely just have bad luck some days, So many people don't know the difference between bad luck and stupid decisions that lead to bad outcomes 









 Between this guy and DoubleDickDude, I'm getting a fair idea of where reddit in 2014 is going to go... 




 *pulls cat out*
'no pls'
*cat returns to bath* 









 Gnarly 














 Hmm that's an unusal one, but good none the less 




 Made. My. Week. 




 Meaty 




 Meaty 




 Tinahely isnt too bad 




 Ok well first of all, by the expensive headset on your neck and the fact youre indoors in the dark, I'm going to be bold and assume you're a hardcore gamer. If this is the case (and I could easily be wrong) I'd recommend getting out of the house a lot.
  Go out to malls and observe the other guys there, not in a homosexual way, Look out for their hairstyles and types of clothes theyre wearing. Also might be an idea to look at the attention theyre getting from girls, say do they have a gf with them or is he talking confidently to a female store clerk. If you you fond a certain style or hairstyle that fits,  go for it!
   I would recommend getting active! Maybe you already are, but heading for a run once a week, or playing an intense game or sport with friends for an hour is great for you. You will notice your skin will start to look better and also your body! 
  From the picture you look like a real nice guy and a great, warm friend. But I'd take into account the steps ive given you and try up your rating even by 1 :)
   Also, this entire paragraph is from a guys view, so call this 'bro to bro' advice. 
  Hope all goes well! :) 




 8.5 




 Beard suits you a lot, and those eyes! 




 Cute 8 




 I'd have to go 7. You look very friendly and kind hearted 




 8, great improvement! Hope you keep it up! Eating healthy and staying fit is the key 




 Gorgeous 8 




 Just seen my dream girl, Stunning body and face 10/10 




 The muscles tho 8 




 6 




 Big arms, warm smile 7/7.5 




 9 all day 




 Not much body on show so 7/10 for the lovely face 




 Isn't that the Prom in Salthill Galway? 









 Aron
Arron
Aran  (traditional irish one)
Arran
Aronn 




 In Ireland there are these islands called the Aran Islands, you'd be amazed how often my name is spelt Aran 




 Oh mah gahd stahp, I dont even like, like coffehh 




 But in all seriousness,  that shit that came out is nasty, its like a piece of corn 









 Have you ever been approached to join the porn industry 




 Never seen a tissue pop out of a zit before... 




 ken I hav a.... p00si pls 









 My ign is train_subject2219 :) 




 hey b0ss 




 Chin Chin go daisuki 




 I wouldn't go to town popping that. It's completely sterile under there, It's doing you good, if you can resist the temptation!  




 Get a doctor but post pics back here 









 Shiny Pokemon [FIXED] 




 Is this a bad time to admit I have the torrented version? :/ 




 Cool! Can I join the server? 




 How can I join your server? I thought MCPE was only local wifi 









 Cave systems for me are a must. Worldwide multiplayer using the device's built in mic for talking to players. I would love to see jungle biomes too 




 How can you add me up? 




 Upvoted because I have no idea what the machine does 




 Hey guys, just want a few more subs to visit. I know there's r/survivalisland and I'm pretty sure there's a redstone one, any one know any more? Maybe pocket edition? 









 This is the 95th time I've seen that gif here 




 All I'm seeing is Finn fucking the shit out of that sword 




 I love how the guy is just there like 'dammit, not this shit again bird' 




 I live in Ireland so trust me heat is not a factor here in winter! 




 A tarantula need only eat a cricket once a week to survive healthily and happily. They can live up to around 3 weeks without food I believe, depending on the activity of the spider. However small spiders can fast longer because their bodies dont need as much fuel. Hope this helps! 




 Must be hard for this little guy to find food, great looking spider. Post this to the guys over at r/tarantulas, They love seeing high-def pictures like this! 




 I'm a big fan of spiders but this really took my breath away 




 Well, pork does taste nicer than the usual vegan special: soil 














 Thanks man 




 I dont know but I presume there's tutorials somewhere online :) 




 By nethers do you mean downstairs area? 




 'The octopus that could' 




 How does the pool table differentiate between normal balls and the cue-ball, that always got me 














 And here's me thinking they just drink coca-cola 









 if i had a credit card i would give you gold for that, Fantastic input! I thoroughly enjoyed as the novice keeper i am, you may well have saved a future tarantulas life, Thank you 









 The noise that makes must me be immense 




