 I am already invited (because I'm in the chat channel 24/7 :3).

As already stated I currently have huge issues with my internet connection (thanks to my father), but I hope this will be fixed in about 2 or 3 weeks.  

I will likely have time every night, and maybe some afternoons, escpecially at the weekends.

I am a midlane main, but if we're missing something, I can fill as I play every role at least decently. 
 




 Battlelore is a band who's lyrics entirely revolve around the world of LotR, you might wanna look at that... 




 Pressing B and the "down" button when trying to catch a Pokemon.

Seriously it does NOT work I promise you.  









 It's incorrect indeed. 

"We will crush" requires 1. person plural future of "contero", which would be "conteremus". You don't really need the "Nos", because the person already is in the verb. You can let "vos" like it is I think. "Conteremus vos" would be my suggestion, but I don't guarantee that it's correct.  




 Kassa got reworked a while ago - he has not got a silence anymore, only an 'interrupt to channeled abilities" (i.e. a move that was invented to specifically fuck up Kata), but now he has a shield for magic damage on Q, which makes harassing very hard, since Kata has nothing but magic damage. Whenever he sees you Q casted, he just casts his, and there goes your harass :(   




 As a Katarina main, I really struggle against Kassadin in the midlane - especially as Kata. It's hard to harass him, since your Q damage is predictable so he can easily shield it off with Q. With his shield up, you also lose early trades, and you can not all-in him post-6 since he will either interrupt you with Q or just walk away with R (and leave you there spinning in the nothing like an idiot).

If someone has tips for this specific matchup, I'd be really grateful. Any general tips against Kassadin and how to prevent him from snowballing the shit out of my game are also welcome... 




 Behold, it's Queen Margaery of the might kingdom of DEBUG!  




 someone mentioned it in the GGLoL chatroom on EUW, that they have been added by someone who saw their name here... 




 Well, I think one could consider making this a private sub, since we already had the first one coming up saying "hey i saw you in GGLoL i wanna play with girls" :/  




 mh. maybe i accidently removed my subscription and then it deletes everything? i have no idea lol.  




