 I felt so much better reading this towards the end when you were able to take a shower. 
 




 I can't figure out what you're trying to say. 




 Fuck, I have no idea what I would've done in that situation! 




 Yeassss 




 This happened pretty close to the crowd.
Why am I explaining myself?
 




 I mean, it was kind of funny..
But in that moment I just wanted to light a cigarette and throw it in their direction. 




 Yeah, well. Point proven. 




 Cara, e hora de saber do World Cup. Não tem jeito. 




 I think I love you. 




 (I don't post..ever, but this is my second time posting on /r/TIFU..so it's safe to say I'm an idiot.)

After work, about two days ago, I was pretty tired after a lengthy and busy lunch serving shift. I needed to get cigarettes at the gas station, so my boyfriend took me straight there after he picked me up.
I run in, grab 'em,talk about how I need to quit with the cashier for the millionth time, and head back out.

not paying any attention to the make or model of a gunmetal colored car, I don't bother looking inside, and proceed to try to open the locked door on the passenger's side. I'm not looking inside, but kind if just staring ahead of me waiting for it to be unlocked. To my FUCKING HORROR,I see my boyfriend's car parked in front, and the driver looks at me and starts laughing, unlocking the car and rolling down the window saying, "am I missing something?"

It took me a minute too long to register, and after mumbling something stupid, I run to my boyfriend's car, turn last minute and see half of the people filling up and waiting to fill up laughing. 

I jump in the fucking car and tell him to get the fuck out of there,
Meanwhile covering my face with both hands and repeatedly saying " ohmygodohmygod."

Haven't forgiven myself yet.  




 Yeah, that kid is going to have some major issues. 




 Howwwwwwwwwww there's no fucking popping 




 Haha, yeah. The vet said that he saw it happen all the time, which, well...made me feel better 




 Haha no, ear. But technically a chuck of meat came off :( 




 Turned out, the little mat was a tumor or some kind of mass! It had little blood vessels and was squishy :( 




 Goddamnit I meant *EAR 




 Today, I FUCKED up.

Let me start by saying I adore my animals,  all animals. 

My friend has this weird long-haired chihuahua papillon.
Wicket. Sweetheart, tiny, and well taken care of (by me, usually she smells like cigarettes and has little mats. Roommate loves her, is just completely fucking clueless.)
Anyway, after giving Wicket a bath and drying her off a bit, I started to trim her hair, and some of the mats. I used to groom dogs, bathe them, etc., so I was comfortable doing it. 
I found a huge fucking rats nest of a mat behind her ear, cleared around it and slowly started to trim. Wicket didn't move,cry, or give ANY sign she was in distress, and just sat there blinking slowly.
I kept trimming, tried to pull some of the excess hair out of the way and noticed something bright pink. When I moved closer and moved the remaining mat I found I had practically cut off the back of her fucking ear. Bright pink skin, veins and blood vessels galore. Nothing to protect it, just skin. The second layer of her fucking skin. 

I fucking lost it.
Not the gore, that does bother me. It was the fact that,because this dog is so small in size, including her ears, she practically had no first layer of skin/fur on the back of her ear.

Ran to my car, ran a red light to the emergency vet just to be sent home, and was told to out hydrogen peroxide on it.

Roommate? Killed me. Freaked out
on me, rightly so, and slapped the back of my head.


Wicket is fine, it healed perfectly. I took her to the vet, no stitches required, but apparently I was extremely close to doing major damage.


I will never groom another animal. 




