




 Honestly, you are SO gorgeous! I adore your red hair. Please don't let one bad break up ruin your self-esteem! Xo  




 What a cute name! How'd you come up with it?
 




 I've had this problem for at least the past 5 years but haven't linked it to trich before. I pull on the front strand of my hair (the "bangs" as you may call it but it's not short) until it's broken and split. I don't pull the hair out unless I see one that is too broken. Is this considered Trich? I typically do it more when I'm stressed.  




 I'm currently in my last year of university, studying biochemistry, and looking to make some new friends! I enjoy TV shows (Game of Thrones, Parks  Rec, AHS, etc), travelling  I love animals :)  




 You're so stunning  loved the makeup!  




 I've been in two long-term relationships, the first one for 3.5 years and the second one for 1.5 years so far (still on-going) and the patterns for each relationship are the same. 

1. I become infatuated with them and am willing to do anything for them.
2. The fighting starts and I start to hate everything they do.
3. I meet someone else and have urges to leave my current SO for them. 

Step 3 is actually how I ended my last relationship and started my current one.

I'm starting to feel #3 again and I seriously feel so gross about myself. I love my SO so much and I don't know what to do to suppress the feelings. Please tell me I'm not alone :( 

  




 Last week, I dyed my hair using L'oreal hicolor hilights in magenta and it doesn't really suit me so I want to dye it a medium ash brown. Is it okay if I just use a medium ash brown hair dye with 30 volume developer and a colour remover packet (from Sally's)? Or would my hair still have red undertones? 




 I purchased Dr. Collins 2010 study guide (second hand) and will be purchasing all the updates from Dr. Collins to take the January 2015 PCAT. Do you think this will be sufficient or is the 2010 study guide too outdated? 




 Sadly, it's been worse but I'm used to it by now. Maybe one day I'll try again. 




 Heroin 




 Angelina Jolie. Why is she even famous?  




