 Those geodes are awesome!! I catalogue fossils at school, and we have nothing like that... 




 felix-means lucky 




 I have a picture of myself as a baby, wrapped in a yellow blanket. I looked like a melon with a head. Hence, train_subject8771.  




 I see your point about Agravaine. He needs to go if Arthur is going to succeed. 
However, what I dislike about him is that he acts like a leech. He doesn't act independently and needs Morgana to tell him what to do to get his own revenge. If he was a real villain, he would act on his own accord and not on someone else's. 
And you know that once he is exposed, he's just gonna run away like a coward.  




 This episode made me optimistic about Arthur's progression. His outpouring of emotion seemed genuine and I hope that he will uphold his word in future episodes.  









 I agree with you on the snow and rain thing. It's amazing what a little precipitation can do. All of a sudden it's like "OMG!! THERE'S RAIN/SNOW ON MY WINDSHIELD! I NEED TO DRIVE LIKE A MORON NOW!" My dad was one of the smart parents who taught me how to drive in both.  




 Personally, I think it means loving someone more than yourself and knowing that they feel the same way and they'll do anything to see you happy.  




 No. It sounds like devotion. Good for you.  




 I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully you will find someone else who will appreciate you more.  









 I'll keep that in mind.  




 There are lots of unmarried couples who have kids and live together, with every intention of staying together. And there are lots of parents who are married with kids that get divorced anyway. That's why I'm questioning the purpose of the institution of marriage.  




 Just one question then. Why were you engaged for so long? Were you still unsure? 




 I like that. I hadn't thought of it that way before.  




 These days, people get married all the time and then get divorced. The divorce rate is astonishing. What's the point in getting married anymore? Do you think there is any meaning left in the promises of marriage? 




 Girl Genius! That was the first comic I started with. It's very well done. I also like the V for Vendetta suggestion. http://www.girlgeniusonline.com/  




 You make a valid point. There are a lot of people on the road who shouldn't be.  




 I can make a clover with my tongue.  




 Wow. That's crazy! I've never heard of that. In Pennsylvania, licenses last four years.  




 Hahaha..Different sides of the family.  




 Nice one. You would be correct. I am a teenager, but I've been driving for 2 years.  




