 A rough looking homeless guy approached me at the bus stop in the city, I figured he would ask for spare change or a ciggie - he instead asks me "what's a lovely girl like you doing in a dump like this". Sweet man made my day. 




 Tampons and sanitary pads 









 I had a PICC line inserted when I was 23 (severe aplastic anemia) right in the bend of my elbow. It was definitely a strange experience that coldness. Hope you're all good now! 




 Done. You're welcome. 




 Thanks everyone! Hope you had an awesome Xmas! 




 Cockle Bay is closed for picking until April 2015 




 Welfare benefit bludgers: http://www.whaleoil.co.nz/2014/12/pimping-poor-bludger-family-attacks-salvation-army/ 




 Here in NZ - I don't really get why parents let their little kids walk around the mall etc. with no shoes on.  




 Bill Murray 




 The movie Shaun of the Dead - watched it on our first date 




 Slumdog Millionaire 




 Check out this Greek restaurant - so good we ended up going twice during our road trip - http://www.costastaverna.co.nz/ 




 haha nice!
 




 I can be quick-tempered and tactless 




 I don't visit my immediate family because they're cold and miserable people who don't care about anyone else but themselves. I wish I knew what it was like to grow up in a loving home.  




 Shaun of the Dead - great date movie that one! 




 I was on a school camping trip and we had gone snorkeling one afternoon, our guide for the day can't have been more than 5 years older and was smoking hot. I wasn't a huge fan of breathing out of my snorkel so I was slightly panicking. When I saw from my underwater view that everyone was perched on a rock resting I was stoked. I was even more stoked to see that among all the perchers was the smoking hot guide in a wet suit that hugged all the right places. I "accidentally on purpose" grabbed his junk as he helped me climb up onto the rock. I was 12. 









 I've been losing confidence in myself lately which makes me worried about doing a shit job, so I was hoping for advice on how to be a better leader. Thank you all for your suggestions! 




 You had me at "meat" 🍗 









 thanks! 




 should the results be up for everyone now? 




 Distractions, time and zero contact 




 Aye? Her automatic payment had already processed, she went ahead and made another payment through online banking because she didn't read her invoice that stated she didn't have to do anything further - we're happy to refund the second payment back but I don't see how that's our "system's fault" that she didn't read the information on her invoice. People have a responsibility as a consumer to read the information they are given for a product/service they subscribe to. 




 I'm trying to see if my mate's bro is full of shit :) 




 Wow! That's pretty cool! Always wanted to try doing a past life regression session myself. 




 The kindness of strangers.  




 Smeared her own shit all over the toilet walls 




 Going to the Auckland Art Gallery to check out the light show 




 My immediate family. 




 Tokyo Gore Police https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nAAcYTCibY 
The film's only highlights were - alligator snatch and machine gun pen15 




 Raiden (arcade) 




 Best acting performance I've seen this year - Jake Gyllenhaal in Nightcrawler.

Of all time - Christian Bale in the Machinist 




 Avengers: Age of Ultron. 

Also, excited/scared about moving to Melbourne and "starting over". 




 just ridiculous isn't it?! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9eAzb-Yuzw 




 That's just one that bugged me, I didn't have time to add any of my other stories. There was a time someone wasn't happy with our policies (her bill was very much overdue) she was yelling and swearing for approximately 19 mins straight and after telling her my surname (she asked) she completely lost her shit...."what kind of surname is that?" blah blah blah and questioning whether I was "even a New Zealander" - that stung a little bit.  




 I organised it for her, no worries there - just would have been nice to take ownership of her own error. 




 A customer had accidentally paid her bill twice, she lets me know that she wasn't aware she had an automatic payment set up and stated that she was a busy teacher ("grappling with reports etc.") so she picked up the invoice and paid it without thinking. She suggested the "system" should be clearer to remind her about the automatic payment. The bill clearly states she has an automatic payment in place and that she does not need to worry about making a payment....no wonder she's grappling with those reports... 




 woot!  




 hahaha exactly!  




 I heard you bleed heavily for 4-6 weeks after giving birth..is this true?? 




 Hmm ok it's similar to when you're busting to go to the bathroom for aaagessss and that feeling when you finally go and you kind of shudder from the relief...kinda like that :) 




 Lunchtime. 




 Want You Bad - The Offspring 




 Bacon 




