 i really respect that. i'm definitely planning on knocking out far and reg first. starting work in august, so i'll have to finish bec and aud after i've started  




 2/4! you're almost done 




 yeah definitely. twice the first time through, then my review week again  




 Scheduled FAR for July 8. Doing Becker Self- Study. Thankfully haven't started full time yet, but I wake up stressed everyday. First thing I think about is, "I need to get this much done today." Sigh. Just venting. Good luck everyone else studying. Debits go on the left, credits go on the right.  




 crazy.. the things we can convince ourselves 




 are you saying you were knowingly pretending? or that you had actually convinced yourself? 




 have to say i agree. and LOL your username. guessing thats sarcasm 




 honestly this is what i think too. even when i was part of the faith i was skeptical about these people being "told" things 




 hey guys, so i grew up in church, and have only recently started thinking more critically. do you guys have any experiences with friends/pastors/churchmembers knowing things about you or telling you things like, "i felt called to tell you blah blah blah" or "i think god is telling me to tell you blah blah" or "i feel like you are going through this and this struggle" 

basically like they were being given information about you from a higher being? do you think these people are lying to themselves, tricking themselves by attributing their own subconscious knowledge/ perception to a higher being?

EDIT:

something else i just thought of, have you ever been prayed for in tongues? do you also think these people just fooled themselves into thinking they magically pray in another language? 




 some of my friends hug too much. like a hug should be over the top of the shoulders. some grab me by my waist, some touch my crotch or slap my ass. i just took it, but i eventually had to confront them and explain how uncomfortable i felt with excessive male-male touching.  




 cereal 




 LOL. i ended up watching the whole video 




 yo keep these coming. this is one of the coolest series on this sub 




 kind of interesting/scary. im a male, training fighter, so i usually feel pretty safe in terms of self defense. in my dream, i was sold into sex trafficking and forced to "service" other men. the traffickers were all pretty big and strong, so when i grabbed a knife and threatened them to make me stop, they just laughed and 3 of them jumped me before i could really pose a threat. they eventually got me to cooperate and forced me to go serve a client. he was a blonde boy, and when i walked in he said, "oh boy." and he was getting ready to rape me. then his dad called him on his cell phone, so he didn't actually do anything to me. he had a dog in the bedroom and i think it was a corgi. i remember feeling so utterly broken and powerless, and really ashamed. i looked at the dog and it looked at me back, and the craziest thing was, the only person who still treated me like i was a human was that corgi. 

maybe not scared shitless, but i can tell you i was disturbed. i'm 6'0, about 175 lbs, so i've really never felt that weak before. it also made me realize how scary it must be for girls. the fear of getting raped or kidnapped by a big scary man or group of men. shit 




 what a stud. props man 




 yeah if houston takes this one and harden gets some fire and confidence, game 7 away would be pretty scary 




