 Change that Vodka to Whiskey and I'm game. 




 Hell, you never know. 




 Yeah, you can do almost anything if you can smell stuff.  




 Damn Catholic Heathens. 




 To be fair, we are pretty bad dancers. 




 'I'm not going to bullshit you' is a more direct way of saying this. 




 Ahem... 

Stop following people so close at intersections. 

Problem. Fucking. Solved. 




 Yeah, my real life is a lot better than this. 




 So, in theory, I could sell my account. 




 buy reddit account for marketing

I thought they were free. 




 Yep, nope, fuck that. 




 Butt wait... There's more!

^^^so ^^^very, ^^^very ^^^much ^^^more ^^^cock ^^^I ^^^can ^^^take. 




 5 freaking percent of the US is ~80 years old? 

No wonder Dillard's is still in business.
 




 My sister does this all the time. I really fucking hate her for it. 

She'll be a good friend, nice and then something she doesn't like happens, BOOM, fucking Machiavellian bitch-mode. 




 You haven't met my toyota, you wouldn't know. 




 Holy shit, that's less than my toyota. 




 This morning, I did the dishes, laundry, made breakfast, and set up my appointment to finish paperwork and start training at my new job. 

I have a 6 month plan, and I'm really hoping that I can get it to happen.  




 Sidebar, rule 7. 

Seriously, this is a crap post. 




 Art post, grammar rules don't apply as we don't give a shit. 




 I saw that lean in the trailer when it was going around that turn and I just immediately called horseshit. 

I grew up around trains and railroads, I'm not even remotely interested in seeing the movie. 




 Dude, that is fucking awesome looking.  




 No, its not that backwards. TIA is cool with trans people and all that, its just more of a circlejerk towards people demanding that straight white men be shot or having their votes discounted because of the history of oppression. 

It's like making fun of the Westboro Baptist church, except the liberal equivalent. 




 If they're short, doesn't that make them fucked down? 




 http://i.imgur.com/SE2Y2Qm.jpg

Does that count? 




 If there's one action hero I'd want to be its Dolph Lundgren. 

6'5" and smart as too. 




 And after having gone out, came home and checked the comments. 

Apparently someone came through and downvoted every single comment. 

Not even a remotely controversial thread. 

wtf?  




 My dad has an 05-06 and when I drive it I can't see shit out of the back.  




 '05 Toyota Corolla

Fits me pretty well. Sometimes my knee moves the steering wheel when I get in and it engages the steering lock. 

Also, sometimes I can't see the stoplight because I'm sitting in the backseat. 




 I don't recall this being asked, for a while at least. 

What do you drive? Is it comfortable? Any issues getting in or out? 




 6'5" 8 really strong whiskey-cokes.  




 It's like the word 'no' is somehow dirty and unacceptable. 

No, you aren't a creative genius.

No, you aren't going to be rich and or famous.

No, this shitpost is not the best poem ever you attention-whore little shit. 




 Clearly, my power animal is Peter North. 




 I know. Just saying. 




 The term 'pet peeve'. It's the same thing as 'favorite annoyance'.  




 Explosions *explosively* intensifying. 




 Whores Devours? 




 I doubt it. 




 Yep, texted a few times, agreed to  a date, haven't heard from her since. 

I was even being good, no dick pics or anything. 




 I had a motorcycle accident when I was 19. I saw her crossing the traffic, I had the right of way, she just pulled in front of me. Nothing I could do. 

I lived in Florida at the time and the only thing that went through my head was "I hope she has insurance." I was wearing my helmet and it's a good thing I was because there's no graceful way to land when you flip head first over and 35 feet past a car. 

Broke my clavicle and needed surgery, its a good thing she had insurance otherwise I would have been fucked for years. FHP at the hospital told me I was lucky, most of the motorcycle accidents he saw were deaths or in so much pain they couldn't answer questions. 

Didn't do the life flashing or regrets, none of that. I like it better that way. 




 Yelling at the radio is like a national pastime. 




 Kinda?  




 This year was because there was a shit get out the vote campaign in South Florida. 

Seriously, someone fucked up and Broward let us down. 




 75% White 25% Native american here. 

What. the. fuck. are you talking about?  




 Do you have a car/the ability to drive? Soda/music/full tank of gas is fun. 

Or you can be like an old person and yell at the radio. 




 And I was just at the store too. 




 After he got the tag number.  




 /r/iamverysmart  




 For reference, that's supposed to be 1.6 km or right about a mile long. 




 Either I don't dream, or I can't remember the last time I had one.  




 Hello, would you like to hear the good news of the rendered genderless ultimate utopia? 




 Code be damned, that's a .jpg 




 But, that's a .jpg 




 Depression is more commonly diagnosed because of better doctor practices, the shift in general opinion towards seeing a shrink among other things that have less to do with 'life being more simple'. 




 Your dad probably has some depressive issues himself and solves them by getting drunk. 

It has less to do with the century and more to do with the time period of you and your family's life. 




 Smoke until I get cancer and then call it quits. Settle my affairs, do something fun for a bit, and then goodnight. 

I figure I've got until 60. 32 years to go! 




 ARE WE BEING REASONABLE THIS WEEK? I CAN NEVER TELL. 




 I feel like I'm doing the best bigfoot impression ever. You ever see that video? The blurry one in the forest. Long slow gait, swinging arms and and hunched over. 

What are some comparisons you would draw of yourself doing various things?  




 BURN THE HERETIC. 




 http://i.imgur.com/WWroL0m.gif

Meh. 




 You clearly aren't edgy enough, bruh. 




 NORTH POLE IS BEST POLE. NORTH POLE IS BIGGEST POLE, SOUTH POLE TELL CAPITALIST LIES. 




 I don't know if anyone could answer a question, let alone be conscious after that much liquor.  




 http://i.imgur.com/Jy3U7.gif 









 Because millennials aren't fucked enough. 




 I absolutely love who you get the visual appearance of chasing the sun over the horizon.  




 I've never really liked that piece, and so, I'm fucking myself right now. 




 The problem with that, was as good as it sounds, Repubs just wanted Obama out, if they agreed before a vote they would often lose support from Tea Partyers and then have to change their tune because of support from donors and what not. 

Middle ground is supper awesome in most policy, but it lacks the firepower of zealotism. 




 OK, allow me to rephrase, the lot of you have shit taste in clothing on women. 




 4 years? That's all? 




 "Schoolgirl" is to that, as wet is to desert. 

Plaid skirt =/=schoolgirl. 




 Seriously, I really wanted this to be 55 year old secretary who drives a station wagon. 




 Yeah, I imagine a 2-1 favored candidate being removed from possibility because the other party funded the none vote. 

This would actually undermine democracy even more than two shitty candidates. 




 When an AD says they are standing behind you, they mean to push you off the cliff. 




 I'm sure /r/conspiracy is in full-blown Fedoral Investigation Bureau now. 




 Underside of the hood...

http://i.imgur.com/qgbv0xO.gif 




 Correlation =/= causation. 

Don't forget that ice cream causes polio. 




 Number 3, omg fuck yeah. 




 The problem is they 'know' they are right. 

So the problem is two-fold, they don't know they are a douche-canoe, and they're stupid. 




 Somebody downvoted the first comment, so i was saying that the person who downvoted, missed the joke. 




 I think someone missed the joke. 




 I'M A MOM AND I KNOW BETTER THAN THOSE STUPID SCIENTISTS WHO HAVE REPEATABLE EXPERIMENTS, YEARS OF STUDY, AND DECADES OF EXPERIENCE. 

No, bitch you don't. Fuck off. 




 I really don't understand how people can't figure out tongue *AND* fingers. 




 I thought it was a bullet of one type against a target of the other. 

Eh, the more you know. 




 I thought it was a bullet of one type against a target of the other. 

Eh, the more you know. 




 We slammed one metal into another metal and vaporized a city.

TWICE. 




 They were being serious. /s 




 That sucks. 

It really is horrible how people have to keep their own safety in mind when doing anything.  




 I actively try to make myself downwind, around the corner, etc, but I cannot control the goddamn wind. Smoking is not the only thing that can kill you and statistically speaking, if you don't smoke or live with a smoker, then you have more important things to worry about. 

Like almost anything else. 




 Its just a subtle way of saying 'your opinion is shit, and I am judging you for it.' 




 Light could have been better. Damn time change put the sun too high in the morning and not far enough over in the afternoon. Between 1-2 it was crap. 

Plus we had to fight for good spots with the 100 other people chasing it. 

Waiting to see the how the video came out though. 



















 What kind of maggot gives people gold for puns? 




 Example:

The bar I used to work at Served Evan Williams Green Label at $3.50 a drink. Retail A fifth is ~$10.00. IF you get 20 servings from a bottle, 3.50 x 20 = 70. That's a 700% markup. Until you factor in rent, electric, maintenance, labor (and this really depends on location) etc, that bottle is 2-3x as expensive. 

The markup for anything is a significant amount, if you don't include overhead. 




 Ahh, drummer jokes. 




 Rather fuck my pillow.  




 27 years at my parents and I came a lot.

EDIT: Especially for those nice, attractive, wholesome, young women who go to the hall. 




 Accidental overdose maybe. Aderall, Ritalin, etc are considerably more safe than legal opioids or cocaine. 

Having used these types of drugs, you would have to experience considerable pain before you do major damage to yourself. 




 Well, didn't Aston make a shitty hatchback? 




 I've had about half a fifth of whiskey and it made sense in the manner that you were saying that coke was responsible for many deaths. 

Though, going back, I understand you were saying that legal amphetamines were responsible for many deaths, and on that I would have to disagree wholesale. The numbers do not suggest that RX amphetamines are killing remarkably large numbers of people. 




 You don't live in Florida, do you? 




 And how many tech company sales do you think happened without someone being high as a motherfucker?

Pretty sure Google got started because someone had the powdery balls to sell it to a friend.

Edit: Alcohol kills a (metric) shitload of people every year. And yet adds a considerable amount to our economy. Regulated? ABSO-FUCKING-LUTELY. Banned? I don't know. 




 I'm not a scientist. 




 Belief is a strong component. Do you believe in God? 




 Coke is dropping in price recently. Legal amphetamines are much easier to come by these days. 




