




 Underwear means panties, bras, and socks in this case. 

I only wear underwear for one day. Every so often I change them twice a day. Bras usually once a day, but never more than twice. Socks get changed every day.

I wash them either when I run out of clothes or the laundry basket gets full.

Taken from Askmen. I was a little shocked to discover how some of the men admitted to wearing their underwear a few days in a row... 









 So, in class we recently read Medea. For those who don''t know it, here's a quick summary: Jason leaves his wife, Medea for the chance to marry a princess. He owes all his success to her (Years ago, Jason had to get a Golden Fleece to prove himself to a king, and Medea basically did all the work for him) so she felt very betrayed. She spends the entire play wondering how to take her revenge, and decides she will kill both their children solely to hurt Jason, and leave the city to escape. 

The professor asked who we felt was responsible for the death of the children, Jason or Medea. I thought it was obviously Medea. Jason was an asshole, but Medea is the one who purposefully killed her kids to get back at him. To my surprise, a good number of my classmates (all female) answered that Jason was responsible for driving Medea to the edge. If he hadn't treated her so poorly she wouldn't have been in the position to feel she needed to murder her children for revenge. 

I just sat there in awe. I couldn't believe a class of adult women weren't blaming the person who took the knife and physically murdered her children. No, it was the fault of Jason for pissing her off. A few choice quotes I remember...

"Jason obviously wasn't respecting Medea and she felt she had to act out to prove herself."

"If Jason hadn't left her none of this would have happened. He's just as responsible for the deaths of his children as his wife."

"Maybe Medea is the murderer, but Jason as good as killed his children when he left his wife."

Next the teacher asked us if we felt Medea was evil. The female students mostly agreed she wasn't evil, she was just hurt. Jason is the true evil one for driving her to such extreme actions. 

A few male students did say they felt Medea was more responsible, but Jason did have some of the blame. A few other female students didn't say anything, so I am hoping they were too stunned to speak, as I was.

It's true that in the ancient Greek world women had very few rights, but Medea's actions are all on her. I wonder what response I would gotten if I had turned the tables and said, "I bet Jason only left because she sounds like a crazy bitch." 














 Before I start my story, I have to explain something. I've never been afraid of dolls. I was allowed to watch Chucky movies when I was little, and I'd go to bed in a room full of dolls without the slightest bit of fear. I've also had some really creepy dolls growing up and they never caused me any discomfort. 

My mom bought this doll at a flea market around 2009 for me. She said the lady she bought it from let it go for a measly $10. This was $90 less than she was asking for, and apparently she didn't take a lot haggling to agree. 

That night I put the doll in a corner and went to bed. Right away something was off. I didn't like the fact that the doll was looking right at me. As I said, I love dolls and I have literally dozens of them facing me all around my room. But for some reason, this one was unsettling. Finally I fell asleep.  I dreamed that she appeared beside my bed. She didn't move or say anything, but it was a very unpleasant dream. Of course when I woke up she hadn't moved from where I placed her the night before. 

Later that year I moved out of my parents' house and took the doll with me (I took most of my dolls with me). You're probably wondering why I didn't leave the one giving me the willies behind. It was because I thought I was being really silly. And I didn't want to hurt my mom's feelings. It was really a nice doll and she thought I would like it. 

Anyway, the doll was putting off the same vibes in the house I was renting with roommates. I eventually put the doll into my closet because I learned she didn't have to be staring at me to make me uncomfortable; she only had to be in the room. It didn't help. I imaged the closet door slowly creeping open at night while I slept. 

The roommate situation didn't work out (nothing to do with the doll though) so I moved back in with my parents. By this time I was used to being creeped out as I slept so I just put the doll in the corner there she stayed for a few years. 

Only it got a little worse. I began hearing voices whispering in my room. I could never make out what was being said, but it would always happen when I was trying to go to bed. I kept having that same dream where I would look over to the side of my bed and there she would be, staring at me. This kept up until 2013, when I moved in with my boyfriend. 

My boyfriend *hates* dolls and flat out forbade me to bring any into his house. He calls them creepy demon portals. So I left them all with my parents. I didn't have the dream anymore and I didn't think of the doll again until this summer, 2014. My boyfriend had to leave the state because of a family crisis for awhile, so I moved back in with my parents. 

When I entered my room, I didn't notice anything funny. I didn't really notice any of the dozens of dolls around my room. I just laid down and went to sleep. For the first time in forever, I had the dream again. This time I heard the whispering in the dream, which I never had before. It always occurred as I was going to sleep, but I didn't hear it once I had drifted off.

When I woke up I noticed the doll was gone. Very concerned, I asked my mother what the deal was. She said my grandma had stayed over and slept in my room, but was so creeped out about the doll, she asked my mom to move it into another room. So the doll was now in my sister's vacant bedroom. (My sister was living elsewear.) 

This part really freaked me out. I always thought maybe the voices and the dream were products of suggestion. The doll was creepy, so thinking of her created voices in my imagination and some bad dreams. But why would that happen when I hadn't even noticed the doll was missing? I hadn't been thinking of her at all when I went to sleep. Another big red flag is that my grandma was creeped out by it too. I've collected dolls since I was little, and my grandma had never before had an issue with any of the dolls in my room. Just the Native American doll. 

Here's a picture of the doll:

http://i.imgur.com/5cP0eAj.png

I tried to do some research on it, like if it was mass producted and if anyone else found them creepy. I can't find anything at all. 

One last thing I should add: I never named the doll. I always name my dolls. It's just that I've been a little put off by this one, so I never bothered to name her. My boyfriend joked that she's probably just annoyed I didn't give her a name.  









 Having just watched the movie, I was going through imdb's forum page for it, and came across this:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067093/board/thread/112869960

Basically, since Fiddler has more 1 ratings than other musicals like Oklahoma and West Side Story, it's because antisemitics gave it a 1.

It just reminded me of Tumblrites claiming anyone who didn't like 12 Years a Slave was racist. Nope, there is no other reason to dislike a movie than that.

For the record, I loved Fiddler, but still. Fucking stupid. 




 My cat is 17/18 years old, and she was declawed about 15 years ago. (Not my fault. I was 10, so I didn't make the decision myself). She's been driving me insane from her avoidance of the litter box. I had to completely replace my living room carpet and replace it with hard wood so it would be easier to clean. Even my vet couldn't give me much advice besides trying different litter.

I recently learned declawing can cause cats to do this. It certainly fits with the time frame. All of this began shortly after her declawing, although she used the litter box more than she didn't. Now, she almost never uses it. Now that I know the cause, is there anything I can do to make it better for her? 

The vet said sometimes people put their pets down for their litter box issues, but that's out of the question. I won't put my pets down for anything besides serious illness. 





























 Yes, I am using the Nattlebane. I stand in front of the roots and slash at them, but nothing happens. Any ideas? 




 At first I thought it was because he was the son of a lord, but that can't be because all recruits of the Night's Watch leave their pasts behind and begin on equal footing.  














 If the things didn't sell, stores wouldn't carry them. 

I'm sure everyone has heard about how bad they are for your vagina, so what's your reason? 




 I'm in Ohio, if that matters. 



















 I'm sure you've seen it on TV. These women carry babies to term (or nearly to term) without showing signs of pregnancy. No missed periods, no weight gain, and no belly. 

I have to say what shocks me the most is how fast these women start worrying about the baby that just fell out of them without warning. I can understand if they love the child later, but how do they jump right from worrying about themselves to worrying about a baby they just learned existed? 

If it were me, I'm not saying I flat out wouldn't care if the baby died, but I would be far more certain about my own health. After I was stable, I might ask, "Oh, and how did the baby turn out? Is it okay?" But in this show they begin showing concern almost right away. The psychology intrigues me.  




 Anyone remember these?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eyewitness_%28TV_series%29

I remember watching these in elementary school. I loved them! I'm 25 now, and I admit to watching them still. Many of them are on Youtube, and I even bought a few of them in VHS form from the library when they were selling everything that wasn't a DVD. I've also picked up a few from Goodwill. 

My favorites are Monster and Weather. 




 I'm 25 and female, if that matters. 

I have very weak enamel, so I buy those bubblegum fluoride rinse bottles and swish it around in my mouth after brushing twice a day. Does this help or is it a waste of money? Thanks. 




 We have the unpopular opinions threads, let's do the opposite! 









 Please note that I only mean vet services such as emergency surgery and other things like that, not routine services like vaccines, neutering, etc.

I would agree that you should only adopt a pet if you can afford to feed it quality food, take it to the vet for routine procedures, spend time with it, etc. All of this can affect the quality of life for a pet greatly.

But for shelter animals, millions of them die a year. A much smaller number will ever need surgery or medical attention beyond what's routine. I just feel like it's better for those animals to spend their lives with a good owner and be put down if it gets cancer than to spend their short lives in a shelter because the owners who might have adopted them decided not to, because they knew they couldn't afford hundreds or thousands in emergency vet care.

In an ideal world, I'd agree that you should only adopt a pet if you have thousands to spend on it in emergency care. But as it is, many adoptable animals are dying in shelters anyway. May as well give them a chance until they get a chronic or expensive disease.

Am I making sense? I did have a late night last night, so if I need to clear anything up, I will. 



















 I seem to remember Hermione's parents being in Diagon Alley in one of the earlier books. Is that something my brain made up, or does anyone else remember it?

Also, what if a Muggle born student had been in the Triwizard Tournament? Would their entire family be unable to come watch? 




 I've been playing this game for going on 15 years, and of the possible random events and diseases to get, I have never seen any of the following...

-Alkali sickness in an animal (only death)

-Beriberi

-Consumption

-Gangrene (I even left injuries untreated to see if I could get it)

-Lockjaw

-Malaria

-Rabies

-Water poisoning

Anyone have any info, or anything else to discuss? 














 Admittedly, this was a several years ago, but I'm now looking at it in a new context.

I was 20 years old taking some technical classes with other adults. One day we were learning PowerPoint, so the teacher had us make a slideshow on whatever we wanted. Now, you know how most classes start out with an introduction session? Tell everyone your name, age, why you're there, how your family is, etc. Well, a good 3/4 of the class had kids. I noticed when we were watching the presentations at the end of class that virtually all the parents had made slideshows on their kids. It struck me as odd that not a single one of them did a show on any outside interest besides their kids. Now, I'm not saying my show was great; I did mine on the last imperial family of Russia, which I'm sure bored everyone to tears, but at least I had a hobby as a history lover to do a project on. 

I mentioned this to my mom when I got home that day in amusement, and she said, "Well, they probably didn't have anything else to make a project about. Think about it. Since they're in a technical school trying to get skills they've probably been working crappy jobs and trying to raise children. They likely spend most of their time working and parenting. Not a lot of time for outside interests there."

That just hit me as being so sad. Now, I'm not saying every single one of those parents had nothing else to do a project on. I'm sure a few of them were like, "I'm doing a project on my son, he's hilarious, this'll be awesome! And more interesting than doing it on my stamp collection!" but I'm willing to bet a great many of them had nothing else. 




 I had to buy new supplies for her since my parents need those for their cats, but I am taking one of her mouse toys, so at least that will be familiar to her. Anything else? 
























 It's been brought to my attention that sometimes I will utter something under my breath, but when someone mentions it, I can never remember what I was saying. My boyfriend said I also use a very strange voice when I do so. The best way he can describe it is a horror movie whisper. 

Might be relevant: I was diagnosed with severe depression when I was very young - around 10 years old. I was on Paxil for 13 years, and am currently on Effexor. 

Anyone have any insight? 




 I've noticed this in many threads lately. 

Person: I think pedophilia is probably just an orientation like heterosexuality or homosexuality. They didn't choose it and it isn't unnatural.

SRS: Shitlord! You think it's perfectly okay to rape kids! You think "child" is a gender!

Person: No, I didn't say it wasn't morally wrong or shouldn't be illegal, I just said that it's another natural orientation that pops up. That doesn't mean it should be acceptable in society, though, no one is saying that. Feelings are different from actions.

SRS: Benned! God, what is it with Reddit and being tolerant of child rape? 














 These are all paraphrased:

(How do you feel about the fact that your son, since he was born in the 80s, probably received no anesthesia at all?) "If I didn't see it, I don't care. He was fine when he was brought back to me."

(You don't own him or his penis.) "I beg to differ. Until he's 18, his penis belongs to me."

"I'm sure it hurt, but I bet it was nothing compared to how giving birth to him felt, so he shouldn't complain."

"Circumcise them all! It's what men deserve for the amount of raping they do." To be fair, this might have been a troll. There wasn't a single person, even pro-circ people, who didn't jump on them for this one.

And the worst one, IMO, just from the ickiness:

"I had my son circumcised because it just looks better." (Isn't it creepy that you care how attractive your son's penis is?) "Maybe, but I just want him to be sexy. Sex is important to women." 




 I know these threads are common, but each one offers hours of entertainment! 









 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ-9zcThs0I

Last I heard this was being expanded into a full movie, but I've never heard anything else about it.  




 Walter Mitty Syndrome is when you daydream about yourself being in another life as much as or even more than you pay attention to your real life. The name comes from a short story where the main character thinks up exciting scenarios for himself in his head when he's bored. I don't think it's a formal diagnosis, but it's a symptom of narcissistic personality disorder, and it's something some depressed people tend to do also.

I just recently realized I've done this for as long as I can remember. Even as a child I would daydream about a life where I was happy. I'm almost 25, and I swear I do it more and more as time passes. In my current fantasy I am happily married with children and money isn't an issue. I get to travel anywhere I want and live however I want. It's scary sometimes how often I find myself in my fantasy. Sometimes I don't even know I'm doing it, it's like it happens on its own. Much of the time I wish I could just slip out of myself and into the fantasy forever. 




 My boyfriend regularly brushes with mouthwash as if it were toothpaste. Does it clean about the same, or is it a bad idea?  




 I want to have a study/source on hand about men circumcised in adulthood and say sensitivity is lessened. The more scientific, the better. Anyone have anything? 









 This happens after exposure to semen specifically however I have not really experimented enough to determine that this is the cause.  The core of my body just involuntarily tenses up and twitches repeatedly for at least 30 seconds.

What is this? 



















 I go to Windhelm, and I can't find Ulfric. I've tried waiting until pretty much any hour of the day but he won't appear. 

Also, Galmar Stone-Fist won't talk to me. He just tells me I don't belong there. Am I missing something? 




 http://www.nashp.org/sites/default/files/Adult%20Dental%20Monitor.pdf

This site seems to say Ohio offers some dental services through Medicaid, but I have to idea how to go about doing that. Ohio's Medicaid site lets you apply for medical, but says nothing about dental. Can anyone give me a lead?

Oh, and I'm sorry if this is the wrong place for this, I just didn't know where else to go to ask. 



















 Both college and work tend to make me even more depressed, since I'm going to college full time, and I also have to work. I feel like I have no time for myself, and I'm so miserable that there's hardly any point to being alive because I am getting no enjoyment out of anything. Right now since it's the holidays I have some free time, but it's just going to start up again next month. Anyone else who hates working and college have any tips? 




 People under 18 are legally considered children, and therefor cannot vote (except in one city in Maryland that has a 16 voting age for local elections), drink, drive in some places, smoke, or sign contracts, etc. Even if an individual proves mature, they still are not given any rights until they turn 18. 

So why are teenagers considered mature enough to be treated as adults when they commit a crime? The undeveloped brain is used to deny them privileges adults have, so why doesn't the undeveloped brain argument keep them from facing adult consequences?  









 I only know a small number of them since I am a newish player, but the "To Kill an Empire" quest along with the ones preceding and following it had a lot of twists and turns and was pretty entertaining.  




 He died and I want another one. 

I don't have any expansions, just Skyrim. 




 I was on r/morbidreality, and there was a video of a soldier stepping on a landmine and losing both his legs and an arm. In the comments, people were talking about how for many soldiers, after stepping on a landmine the first thing they want to know is whether their genitals are okay. Their limbs come second. A few other men commented and said they'd rather lose their legs than their genitals. 

As a woman, I would rather lose all my sex organs than my limbs. This includes vagina, clitoris, uterus, everything. Am I just an exception or do most women agree? 




 Let me just explain my feelings. I know I only feel like I want to die because of my depression. I know if I was mentally healthy I probably wouldn't feel this way, but that doesn't change the fact that I am completely miserable and this probably won't change.

I've had depression ever since I was 9 years old at least, and was put on Paxil at age 10-11, and am now 24 years old. It takes the edge off and I've had some happy moments but overall, living is exhausting and I've yet to see how it's worth experiencing. 

Right now I'm in college for history. I know job prospects in that area are pretty much nil, but it's one of the few things I enjoy. Despite liking history, I hate college. I'm doing it because without it I'll likely be working fast food the rest of my life (which might happen anyway). Despite loving history, I hate going to college. It just makes me more depressed and exhausted. Throw in having to work at the same time, and I'm failing to see the point in my continued existence. I have to do something I hate for years in order to try to secure a better future that I don't think will be worth living anyway? 

I guess my point is that when I mention this, people just say, "Well, you only feel that way because you have depression." Yeah, that's probably true. But so what? If I decide to live my life and die a miserable old woman, at the end of the day, I was completely miserable my whole life. Does it really make a difference that I was miserable because of a mental illness? I don't think so. 

Please understand, I'm not typing this on the edge of a 5 story building about to throw myself off. I intend to finish college since I've already worked so hard at it. I just think it's unfair to say someone is "only" feeling suicidal because of a mental illness. Those feelings are still very real and I don't see the point of a continued existence if that person is through being miserable and wants to die, even if it is caused by mental illness.

One final argument: Yes, mental illness can be treated, but not often cured. Even if it's being treated, it's still there and still having an affect.  




 I have a cat named Lydia who's about 15-17 years old. Besides being a bit skinny (she always has been) she's been in good health and acts the same as she always has. It's that she's getting so old I know it's coming.

Lately I've been very anxious about finding her dead, or coming home from college on the weekends to learn she's died. I even freeze up a little when I see my mother has called or texted. I know no one ever knows how long their loved ones will be around. She could die tomorrow or she could be around another few years; there is no way of knowing. 

I am only 24 years old, so Lydia has been part of most of my life. When she goes, I honestly don't know if I could go on. The silly part is worrying about it before she's even sick or showing signs of illness. She seems as healthy as ever, but I'm still twisting myself into an anxious meltdown. Anyone else in a situation even remotely close to this? 




 I can't seem to understand it. 




 I'm of the opinion that if you had lots of money, parenthood could be enjoyable. You'd only have to be there for the good parts. Don't want to get up in the night? Hire a nanny. Don't feel like cleaning poop off the wall? Nanny. Kid being a bastard? Call the nanny to take him away.

I'd be open to having kids if I could have a nanny. That way, I only have to see the kid when I want to. 




 Is it 40/1 divided by 8/5, or 40/8 divided by 5/1?

http://imgur.com/a9SHDZz 





























 He's pink, I'm brown.

http://i43.tinypic.com/5oflgp.jpg

http://i40.tinypic.com/rlkxfs.jpg

http://i41.tinypic.com/2ryh575.jpg

(Beginning here I accidentally switched the colors. He's brown, I'm pink)

http://i39.tinypic.com/24y0ql4.jpg

He then said, "If you want socialist medicine, get out of this country." I mentioned the USA already had some socialism with the roads, police, schools, libraries, etc. His response? That's not socialism, since not everyone pays in. The best part is when he agreed with the distinction of socialism and communism I put up, but it was still wrong somehow. And of course, how Sweden no longer has socialized healthcare.

What's even better is that another person who claimed to be pro-life chimed, and was okay with people with pre-existing conditions not getting healthcare because it'll drive up HIS costs. I guess it's true what they say. Pro-life until birth. After that, screw you.

I only got half the conversation because I copied it for my friend to laugh at, but decided you guys might appreciate it. 




 A few weeks ago I had a colposcopy. If you don't know what they is, they take a chunk out of your cervix with this bastard: http://www.wemed1.com/catalog/ob-tis.jpg

Predictably, it hurt like hell. They don't numb the area at all, they just take a chunk out. This is to test for cancer cells after an abnormal pap smear. After this was done I felt like I had to vomit and actually dry heaved a little. I had never felt my stomach react to pain like this before. I got very pale and the doctor made me lie down for awhile. As I was expecting, a few days later they said I needed some of my cervix removed using LEEP. http://www.webmd.com/cancer/cervical-cancer/loop-electrosurgical-excision-procedure-leep-for-abnormal-cervical-cell-changes

They basically take a hot wire and slice through your cervix with it. After the terrible colposcopy I was understandably worried about the pain. The doc said, "Oh, don't worry, we use a local anesthetic. Now, even though part of your cervix is gone, you'll still be able to have children. Preterm labor might be an issue, but-" 

I interrupted, "I know you use an anesthetic, but I have a pretty bad anxiety disorder, and after the miserable experience with the colposcopy, I am a nervous wreck knowing this is coming up. I'm even nervous about the anesthetic injection. Can you sedate me somehow?" 

She answered, "We can get you a Valium. Luckily, you don't need all your cervix for pregnancy and childbirth, so removing some of it won't hurt too much in that category."

I wanted to talk about the second colposcopy that you need a couple months after LEEP to check up on everything, and whether that would be more or less painful since the cervix has already gone through some trauma. She gave short answers on that, but kept going on about how pregnancy and childbirth would still be possible.

Here's what annoyed me: Couldn't she see I was way more interested in the level of pain I had to expect, and how I needed some sort of sedation, even mild to calm me down during? I wasn't asking questions at all about pregnancy or birth, but that's what she kept going back to. I understand that might be what most women want to know, and that's fine, the doctor should discuss that with them, but that isn't what I needed info about. 

The kicker is that I am not even fully childfree. I am open to having a kid someday (just one), but the pain and anxiety facing me was much more immediate and real than childbirth complications. 









 I can't decide between these:

1) The feeling of dread simply living can give you. Remember that feeling in your stomach you'd get as a kid when you know tomorrow you'd have to go to the doctor and get a shot? Sometimes I get that feeling just knowing I have things to do the next day.

2) Rumination. Living through a bad experience once is quite enough, I don't need to think about it years after the fact.

3) Maybe this is more anxiety, but I can't handle things. Something that would only give most people mere annoyance for a couple days will turn me into a hyperventilating mess. Inconveniencing others will make me feel so guilty I'm sorry I exist. 









 I knew already he was pro-circ, but I still considered myself a fan because I think he's funny and I agree with him on a lot of things, especially religion and politics.

But on his show tonight, Real Time With Bill Maher, he interviewed Billy Crystal and the topic of circumcision came up. Bill said things like, "Aren't you glad you're circumcised? Foreskins are so ugly, they ruin porn." 

I am honestly not sure if I can continue being a fan or not. I've sent him a polite Twitter explaining that he should educate himself on the matter, but I am not naive, I know he isn't likely to read it. I just hope enough of his fans can write and maybe he'll take notice. He prides himself on being pro-science, maybe he'll change his mind with evidence. But I sort of doubt it. He's kind of an ass, I acknowledged he was an ass when I was a big fan. Then again, he does say the USA should be more like Scandinavia, and Scandinavia is having a lot of pushes to ban RIC. He could notice.

Anyway, if you're a fan, write him. 




 My boyfriend mentioned this happening twice in his life (that he's noticed) during an especially big BM. Is this kind of thing common? 




 I know this is a common question, but there's always so popular and I love reading new ones! 









 A store near my house has a donation box for clothes and shoes type things for the Special Olympics. I threw a bag of clothes into the back of my car and drove over there. After I tossed the clothes in a saw a blanket sort of wadded up in my trunk and decided to throw that in too.

After I got home mom informed me she laid that blanket out in the back of my car to transport a goat to the fair. Afterwards she wadded it up and threw it in the trunk to deal with later.

I hope they don't think someone did that on purpose to be an asshole. 




 * I'm sure we've all seen it on shows like America's Funniest Home Videos. Someone videotapes their kid attempting to pour milk or juice into a cup on the floor and they end up dumping it everywhere. I've never found it funny in the slightest. If you've grown up poor you know how expensive milk and juice can be. Not to mention having to clean that up, but it's mostly the expense that bothers me. I've always been annoyed by people who waste expensive things like that. 




 He supposedly had an extra face on the back of his head, which could neither eat nor speak, although it could laugh and cry. Edward begged doctors to have his "demon face" removed, because, supposedly, it whispered demonic words to him at night, but no doctor would attempt it. He committed suicide when he was 23.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Mordake

Apparently there is no real record of this guy existing, but I wonder if JK Rowling got her idea from this. 




 I'm not in a situation, just curious. 









 In 2009-2010 I tried going to school to become a nurse aide/patient care technician/phlebotomist. I've never really had an interest in any of that but I was being pressured into going to school. It was a disaster. I was successful at becoming a nurse aide, but I hated every part of it. The rest? It was miserable. I felt like no matter how hard I studied I couldn't grasp it and forget actually sticking people with needles. I could do it when my aunt (a nurse) showed me, but in front of the teachers? One issue was that I knew one teacher had no confidence in me, so that made it worse. Well, I dropped out because I was failing anyway. But that's not what's bothered me for 3 years. Yeah, I failed college, but a lot of people do that. The hard part was that I just wasted thousands of dollars of my parents' money. They might think I'm ungrateful, but I spent 3 years being unable to look at my books because I felt so guilty, and they made me feel so unintelligent. They sat under my bed but even knowing they were there bothered me.

Well, I threw away my workbooks and the textbooks I have in my car to take to Goodwill tomorrow. I doubt they'd be assigned now, but they'd make good reference books for someone. The fact that I basically threw thousands of my parents dollars out of the window will always bother me, but at least I feel like I can move on now, especially since I'm attempting college again this fall, and this time, it's something I actually have some interest in. And I'm paying for it. Even if I fail again, at least the financial burden will be on me.
 









 http://24.media.tumblr.com/a530f210b1949b342d7d560bd6c5aa14/tumblr_mrjg5yKTiE1ryeto5o1_500.png

That's the best part. 




 -You know you get your money's worth at a buffet.

-You stay warm in the winter.

-You're more difficult to kidnap.

-You get to take disability carts from people who are actually disabled. (I saw this happen once)

 




 First, please understand that I started out on the "Zimmerman is guilty" bandwagon, but now I don't think I'll ever have enough knowledge of what happened to have an opinion on whether or not GZ should be in jail. But even when I was 100% on TM's side, I thought calling him a child was a stretch. Yes, I understand that he was legally a child, but he was physically an adult and a match for GZ. I feel like people who say GZ "killed a child" only want to make it sound like he allegedly stalked and shot a 10-year-old. 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/1jtfzx/usharou_explains_why_a_mens_rights_movement_is/

Someone types up a few paragraphs about where they think sexism came from and why MRAs aren't necessarily opposed to feminism. Okay, you can read that and agree or disagree, but the SJA I found in the replies is entertaining. The name is putitintheface...

-Someone says MRAs aren't worth it and neither is the quote. Okay, fine. But then we have...

No it didn't. It's a load of biotruths bullshit that ignores reality in favor of painting a picture that reflects ridiculous beliefs.

Biotruths! I knew this would be fun right away. How dare you say men and women are biologically different! I wish these SJAs would understand what a biotruth really is. A biotruth is this: Women were mostly mothers in the past, and they're made to give birth, so all women should be mothers now because that's all they're designed for! 

Know what isn't a biotruth? Explaining how sexism came to force women to be homemakers because that's what women generally did, so society figured it worked and didn't let women do much else.

Then this:

I've been involved in this debate long enough to know that it's bullshit. It's not my job to educate every frothing moron who stumbles onto the internet.

Not my job to educate you, shitlord! I don't come to the internet to discuss things!

Then someone said this:

So you can't defend your position? Noted.

The SJA response?

I don't need to; my position is like a fucking bunker. It's fortified. There are tanks all around it. At the center, buried deep, there is reality, preciously providing all the information necessary, being examined and re-examined by clever people to make sense of it.

"I don't have to defend my position because I'm right! Stop making me debate, I don't like it!"

It was awesome. 









 So you don't get the "exceeds daily budget" crap? 




 I've shown goats at the county fair for several years now, and I always bring the babies that will go on sale in a few weeks to see if I can draw some early interest. 

The first year I didn't have any babies to sell, but I saw parents picking up the kids (meaning baby goats) of other stalls and actually letting their children hold them. What would make someone think it's okay to pick up an animal that's not yours out of a stall and let your child that is way too young to hold a kicking baby goat handle them? I even saw many kids **drop** the goats. Luckily I didn't see any injuries but goats lets are fragile and can break easily within the first few months. 

The second year I put up a sign. It was my first year having babies there and knew what to expect. The sign said: *Petting is okay, but do not pick up the goats!* Guess what? Parents completely disregarded the sign and lifted the goats right out of the stalls. 

The third year, my sign said: *Do not touch the animals!* Again, parents didn't listen. Their precious toddlers wanted to handle the babies, and that's all that mattered, I guess. 

The next year, I brought dog cages with me and put the goats into the cages, then put the cages into the stalls. I almost expected parents to open the dog cages, but they surprisingly didn't. It's ridiculous that I'd have to go that far. 

It didn't only happen in the goat barn. I saw children running behind draft horses (and a kick from one of those hooves can easily kill someone), kids pulling the tails of pigs, etc and their parents either not caring or telling them to stop only once, but not doing anything when the kid did it again. 




 I understand the game's in alpha and this could be fixed, but it really annoys me. I can tell my workers what I want done, then have to wait 10+ minutes for them to finish building. It's even worse when your prison is finished and you're just watching everyone go about their day. It can take an hour just to go through one day. I know there's a speed up option, but I could swear it doesn't make them go any faster. 
























 http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/1hh3hs/would_i_give_a_woman_who_just_hit_me_a_good/

It's like they can't tell the difference between "I'll hit anyone back who hits me, even a woman," and "I love hitting bitches! All women deserve to be hit because I'm a man!" 




 I recently took a temporary job at a trap shooting competition. About 1/3 of the people hired are obese. It isn't easy work. There's a lot of walking between sites in the hot sun, picking up shotgun shells, moving trap sets as well as packing them up and unfolding them again, plus a lot more. It isn't unusual to have 12 hour shifts. I started getting a little irritated when I saw most of the fat people start complaining about how their legs hurt and how they had to sit down for a minute. It always left the skinny people doing most of the work while the fat people sat around the benches and talked about how hot it was and how much they hurt. 

Today I nearly reached the end of my self control when the obese girl I was working with announced her legs hurt and she had to go home. They agreed she could go home. This left me with all her work as well as my own and I snapped at her, "My legs hurt too, but I'm not going home." 

She shrugged and said, "You're skinny though. It isn't as hard for you to walk around in the hot sun and move around on sore legs."

I retorted, "Well, if it's really hard for you to work because of your size, maybe you shouldn't take a job where you have to get up off your ass once in awhile."

She teared up and left. I feel a bit bad, but damn it, I'm not being paid extra to do the work of two people. 




 I've seen it. I'm sure you have too. Among all the celebrating good fathers, there's the few people or posters who want to ruin it with things like: This is fathers day! All you deadbeats out there better hop to it!

Do we see this sort of thing on mother's day? Do we draw attention to women who abandon their kids? No. We thank the mother figures in our lives for all they do. The father figures do just as much and don't deserve to have their day used in this way.  














 http://www.tumblr.com/blog/feminismisaboutwomen

It could be satire or a poe, but either way it's hilarious. 




 My boyfriend's house has been having plumbing problems. The toilets tend to back up and won't flush. The water does go down within a few hours, so I got my boyfriend's okay to use the toilet. He said as long as there was just one flush it should go down.

So I go in there and empty my menstrual cup (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Menstrual_cup) into the toilet, like you're supposed to do. I flush. The toilet fills up with water. The blood is still in there, looking gross. I tell my bf, but he says to just shut the lid and it would go down in a couple hours. But what we didn't know is that his dad had called a plumber, who appeared less than 20 minutes later. The plumber checks all the toilets, including the one I had just used. It was still filled with water and period blood.

It was obvious whose it was, too since my bf's mom is post-menopausal. I'll never be able to look his dad in the eye again. 




 Nothing makes me stop listening to someone's political argument faster than this, maybe besides defending it with religion. Can't have gay marriage, I might have to explain to my kids what a gay person is. Can't have legal pot, someone might offer my kid a joint. 

Why do the rest of us have to stop living because some people think their kids might lose some innocence?  




 http://lybio.net/tag/garfunkel-and-oates-the-college-try-lyrics/

The lyrics are there if you don't feel like watching the video. It's about a "modern heteroflexible" woman who thinks she's bisexual until there's a vagina in her face.

 




 Two years ago I was working as a waitress. One of the other waitresses went to the bathroom, so I said I'd take the food to her tables when they came up. One tray came up, so I took it to a table with a woman and a little girl. I put their food down, and the girl said, "Thank you."

Before I could reply, the woman says, "Honey, you don't have to thank her, that's her job."

I've seen plenty of parents remind their kids to be gracious, but I'd never seen this before. I bet the kid doesn't say thank you to anyone now thanks to her mom. 




 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/07/coverflip-maureen-johnson_n_3231935.html?utm_hp_ref=mostpopular

Men being afraid to read "girly looking books" is pretty stupid, yes, but some of these books would have no reason to look the opposite way. They wouldn't work. Here are just the ones I read:

Game of Thrones - This one works, actually. It's ugly, but it works.

Stardust - This one works as well.

A Clockwork Orange - Why the hell would this cover have a woman on it? I know they're pretending the revised titles were written by the opposite sex, but they don't give any indication that the story's changed. ACO is about a sociopathic man.

Carrie - A girl is viciously bullied and gets blood dumped on her at prom. Why would she be smiling and happy on the cover?

Shutter Island - Yep, a book cover with a peaceful island view is what I imagined for a mystery novel about mental patient abuse.

Lord of the Flies - This makes the least about of sense. A bunch of children stranded on an island turn into anarchy. We need a picture of hands with a smiling pig thing.
 









 In 1989 my mother worked at a pet store. She was 25 years old, and I was only months old. While my parents worked my grandparents watched me. Well, one day my mom was cleaning out cages when this middle aged man walked over to her and asked how she was. The questions started out general but got more and more personal. Mom was busy but didn't want to be rude so she just gave short and vague answers. 

Eventually the man bent down and whispered to her, "You aren't being very friendly to your customers. I know you have a baby, maybe if something happened to her you wouldn't be so standoffish to your customers."

With this, the man got up and left. The manager found my mother so shaken and upset and after he learned what happened, he insisted on calling the police. Nothing ever came of it, and mom couldn't recall having seen the man anywhere before. She never had me at the pet store at the time so he couldn't have seen me there. He also knew I was a girl, so that's an extra bit of info he knew as well. 

Mom only worked at the store a few days after that, she quit and found another because she didn't feel safe with him knowing where she worked. Apparently for quite a while after the incident, my grandpa kept his rifle within grabbing distance when baby-sitting. 




 One stereotype of a depressed person is the ability to write, draw, paint, etc with talent. Anyone else here not like that at all?

I can't draw a straight line. Paint ends up everywhere but on the easel, and I have no imagination for writing anything. Now, I can sort of write. I've kept a fictional diary for almost 8 years now. I always did okay with reports in English class and things like that. But I have no imagination in which to improve my average writing skills. While I read Harry Potter, all I can think of is, "Good lord, how did this woman think this up?"  









 We've all heard of people who won't take no for an answer when trying to get you to hold their baby, but apparently the opposite is true also. 

I was on peopleofwalmart.com (yep, don't judge) and one picture was a baby in a carriage. The carriage had a sign hanging on it that said "Please don't touch the baby." In the comments someone explained hospitals usually give signs like these to parents with preemies because their immune systems can't take a lot of fight yet. 

From the other comments I gathered it was common for people in public to come right up and touch and even *pick up* other peoples' babies without permission. I just...what? I wouldn't touch someone's baby if it fell out of the womb and rolled over to my feet. 

Just another reason to not have kids. I don't like people bothering me in public to begin with, and if one of them tried to touch a child of mine, I'd be going to jail for breaking their fingers. Having a kid doesn't mean you don't like shopping in peace.

 




 I'm a little ashamed to say animal abuse bothers me a lot more than anything that happens to people. It's not that violence against people doesn't bother me, it does, but I can't even stand to read about instances of animal abuse because I feel physically sick. Forget actual video of it. If I see a video of something happening to a person, I'm only bothered for a few minutes afterward. I saw a video of animals being skinned alive for fur coats, and I felt sick for literally a week.  




