 Thanks :) 
4 hours and it will be three days late. Still no sign. 
Tmi I know but I'm so constipated and my breast feel like they are going to burst with pain. At this point I just want to get my period so I can get on with it.  




 Thank you so much, just hearing that someone can see how much we care and you saying to try and not fight. I don't know why but it just kinda helps. 

Fighting always seems so trivial and silly afterwards I never understand why we even argue in the first place :( 




 Thank you for your opinion. Which you're entitled too. I'll take it on board.  




 We are trying because we may not even have a chance, it was the cancer scare and being told we may not be able to ever have children that started all of these issues off.  




 Writing down my thoughts down does help sometimes because I can take my time. 

Talking I get tongue tied and almost stutter now, and then I get angry at myself and start shouting and getting frustrated. 

I'm very good at articulating myself, it's like I've everything in me and who I am over the last 2-4 months. I'm not sure when or how long ago it started  




 Well that's it, when I'm upset I can go to my friends and they listen and want to know why I'm feeling a certain way. They know how much I love him and so they just listen and are there for me. They don't push their opinions. 

I'm not sure who he has to talk to, we both have his mum but he's so adamant nothing is wrong he just keeps saying 'I'm happy if you're happy' 

He's also a gamer and he's started playing a lot more games, to escape I think? He's always gamed a lot but it's a LOT more recently. 

I don't want him to be strong and silent and my hero, but if that's how he's not feeling really. I want to know if he's stressed or sad. Even if it's me that is causing it, how would I know if he doesn't tell me? He wants to fix everything for me, make me feel better, not give me any stress and not make me feel bad. Why would he think I don't want to do the same for him?  




 That isn't what I said or meant. He isn't venting or talking it through he's asking this person to make decisions for him and to answer for him. 

He's trying to act like the strong silent hero and fix everything and make everything better. Any time I ask if he's struggling or needs help he says no 

I have no idea what's going on. He's telling me nothing is wrong but I know something is wrong because I know him. Then he's going to this guy for advise or help. 

A relationship is based on communication. 

And yes, I am trying to get help. I can't take any medication because we are trying to conceive and I wouldn't take anything anyway. 

I was put on a waiting for counselling which was a 3 month wait list, and my first session is in five days. I've also taken some time off work to try and relax and de-stress 




 It's not that he was talking to him, I understand that completely. If he can't talk to me then he NEEDS to talk to someone else. This friend however is going straight to 'it's all hassle, women are hassle just break up' which doesn't help the situation. 

I have counselling in five days, and I'm hoping that starts to help. 

I want him to talk to me about everything but he's trying to be the strong but silent type. Isn't telling me if he's having troubles in work etc because he doesn't want to worry me, but I know SOMETHING is up anyway so I worry and stress and make up all sorts letting my mind wonder with what is going on and what he isn't telling me  




 I've known my boyfriend since we were 11 we went to the same high school. 

I moved and moved to a different high school, I left home young, as soon as I could when I was 16 to a much older, controlling man. Got married at 19 and had the courage to leave him when I was 21 with the help of who I thought was my best friend but turned out to be one of the worst people. 

Whilst I was leaving my husband me and my current boyfriend got chatting, went for drinks. He told me he had always had a crush on me and always liked me. We ended up going home together. 

I knew I didn't want a relationship but I REALLY liked him, he was the first person I had had ever, properly had a crush on and he didnt want one because he had just come out of one as well

Anyway, things went tits up and we fucked each other around for about a year. Sleeping with each other but fighting and bitching about each other when we weren't doing that

Four years pass and in that time I have a relationship with an abusive sociopath, I get the courage to leave him and  have no interest in relationship or men or anything.....until we start talking again 

Things are AMAZING this time though, we fall in love and everything is perfect. 

Then his housemate moves out, and mine moves to Australia....everyone wants to know why we aren't moving in with each other? He wants to know why we aren't. We have only been together four months though 

But we do, we move into what we think is the perfect place. Then we have the landlord from hell, no heating for months in winter, broken cooker and shower on and off. Insane damp in the bedroom that covers everything in a small layer of water 

I get a new CRAZY busy job with loads of pressure and my boyfriend starts having struggles at work 

He have money problems 

We go through a breast cancer scare with a biopsy and tests and scans (yay no cancer!) 

We get told me might have trouble Conceiving so (and probably stupidly) we stop using protection. Except now I'm worrying about conceiving. Whilst all our friends get pregnant around us I'm worried about being broken. I would love a family with this man. I've never wanted one before but the thought of a family with him fills me with this pure feeling of just warmth and happiness. So why am I the not who's not conceiving? 

Anyway, so much happened I just kind of snapped. I started having panic attacks, chest palpitations, scratching my face and pulling bits of hair out, I developed ibs, I cry several time a day, I get headaches every day. 

I just kind of broke, and everything came out. How I'm struggling and suffering with anxiety and stress and depression. 

We agreed that I needed more help around the house and sometimes to just be taken easy and fragile with everything 

But the opposite has happened

Our relationship break down isn't a victim of circumstances like cheating, it's neglect. 

I don't think he can handle everything either but he's trying to be the strong one, the man, the hero and no matter how much I tell him I don't want or need that I just need HIM he's still trying to be strong.  

When I do try and talk I'm so anxious it all comes out in jumbles and shouts and then I get more anxious and start scratching my face and shaking and having panic attacks. We antagonise each other and it gets so out of hand. We usually only stop when I'm crippled with chest pain having a panic attack

It's like he's shut down, he's not the same him since I broke down, he's not here, he's different and distant. 

So this morning when I got up early because I was ill, when I went online his Facebook was still open

And I just couldn't help myself. I looked, and he's been talking to a friend about everything, communicating with him, telling him how he feels and getting advise from him. Even copying messages from me and asking him to help reply 

Why is he talking to someone else and not me? 

What can I do? 

I love him so much, he's my person and I don't ever want to live without him. Everything before him just seems rubbish and wrong

But I'm watching our relationship ruin day by day as we argue and shout and I'm finding it harder a harder to deal with everything. 

I've even debated killing myself 

I just don't know what to do anymore 

I just want us to be okay again. I want us to be US because it's just me, missing him. 

 




 I wax my eyebrows, I just buy the large wax strips for legs and then cut them to size with scissors. 

I tried microwaveable ones and eyebrow ones and all sorts and this just works best for me and works out a lot cheaper as well!  




 I would say maybe clean the tops up a bit and they would be great. You already have a fab shape and they really suit your face. Very jealous of your brows!  




 I got the naked2 for Christmas, I had been viewing blogs and YouTube videos for months and couldn't decide between 1   2 

What made me want two more was the hard wearing tin case over the velvet one and the colours were more 'my' colour 

If also put off buying t because t coat so much, but would happily spend 16 on a mac eyeshadow. 

I'm glad I got it, now I want 1   3  




 I'm seeing her tomorrow, I've written everything down I want to ask her. 

My spotting stopped Sunday but I feel like I'm going to get another period any second now. 

I'm so scared something might be wrong :( 




 I'm hoping that seeing the female Doctor in two weeks, we'll get some more answers, or she will explain more to us, refer us. Anything to get anywhere other than we are 




