 It all depends on the day for me, some days i think they show that i am strong and how brave i am for living my life with them. other days i just find them repulsive. 




 drink. 




 Thank you! It's not really appreciated where I go to school, where uggs and northfaces prevail over everything  




 Thank you very much!  I'm flattered :D 




 No problem :) 




 you fool, just your style and your body type makes me smile. not to be creepy or anything, i just think youre attractive 




 When i'm feeling punk rock: http://imgur.com/KE2FuXnsolbBoW34AGDoL#1

When i'm feeling indie 
http://imgur.com/KE2FuXnsolbBoW34AGDoL#2

A night out: 
http://imgur.com/KE2FuXnsolbBoW34AGDoL#0 




 youre beautiful O___o 




 that's just terrible, kids are so mean. I wish more people understood what cutting means and how its just as bad as someone with a broken arm. you should care that theyre injured. not taunt them 




 i am on fluxotine as well! i only take 10mgs a day, and it has little to no effect on me 




 I am on non addictive medications which I believe is the best for young adults. So many kids are abusing pills that it isn't safe. Of course many non addictive medications aren't as strong as their addictive relatives, which sometimes poses a problem 




 That's a good point. We are becoming more self aware of mental illnesses. I've also noticed it becoming a "trend" in young teens. Could anyone attest to the same?  




 I love that show! I'm doing that this summer along with The Little Mermaid and Young Frankenstien 




 I'm so sorry, adults sometimes don't react like they should  




 i guess i have a lot of questions; let me start out with how you feel about young adults being put on anti-depressants, and how social media affects young adults with mental disorders. you can PM me if you wish 




 Sorry! i guess i misinterpreted what you said! i just dont like upseting people :) 




 i wish they would have just ignored mine? what show were you in? 




 can you tell me your opinion how why it is more common for young adults in america to have mental illnesses than it was in the past? 




 Thank you so much! 




 I'm so sorry :/ 




 the look of disappointment hurts me the most 




 No problem :) 




 That's fair enough, judging based on the story should be the best fit  




 you dont sound mean at all! i've been doing plenty of research and was just wondering if anyone is this sub would like to be apart of it.  




 As my title said, I have a paper for class that i have chosen to do my paper on. I want to understand why depression and other mental disorders are showing up more and more recently in high school/ college students. Any help would be greatly appreciated.  




 you really should. They work for YOU and only YOU. if you tell them that you want to keep it confidential and are open and willing to talk about it with her/him than he/she must not tell anyone by law. I've tried keeping things from  my therapist but i found its much better for both of us if i just tell her 




 sorry, no need to be sassy. i just didnt want to mess it up :( 




 im so sorry your mother has reacted this way, do you have a therapist? my mother was crazy until i had someone talk to her and explain the right and wrong ways for her to act around me 




 exactly. its ridiculous that she enjoys hurting your feelings. I'm glad you have people in your family who support your feelings  




 why? i'm 14 years old, was diagnosed with depression at age 11. My family has a long line of depression running through the family, I've witnessed my cousins suicide, ive attempted suicide, i'm on medication and making final adjustments on those meds, and im a recovering self-harmer. why couldnt you take me seriously just because of my age? 




 hold on to him, try to find other sources of help (i.e therapist, friends, realatives) because nothing lasts forever. (not trying to be morbid, i just want to help you)  




 aha, even though i've been a redditor for over a year now, i'm still lacking a lot of knowledge of how things work. I'cm not exactly sure how to approach it/ where to contact them/ etc. 




 Should we suggest to the mods that we get some? 




 :D thank you, it means a lot 




 I have another story i'd like to share, when i was in 8th grade i had fallen asleep in English class while we were watching a movie. A few boys who sat near me thought it would be really funny if they took red pen/marker and drew lines all over my wrists and legs. I woke up to bouts of laughter from the people around me and as i looked down i saw crimson lines everywhere, I ran out of the room and went to the bathroom, once i realized they were just marker i began to wash them off. By this time one of the councilors had heard of what happened and came in to help me wash off. As we were cleaning she said "i cant seem to get this one off!" i turns out she was trying to rub off one of my actual cuts and i had to explain to her that i self harmed. I didnt get into any trouble, but it was truly the most embarrassing time of my life  




 any time, i'm here for anybody and everybody 




 exactly. your beliefs are yours and no one should dictate you on what you think.  




 tangents are fine! Its rough when people assume i try to "kill myself" or "cut" for attention because i'm the exact opposite. I'm in theater so when we are changing of course you're going to see some old scars. That's not me trying to cry for attention, that's me trying to live with the mistakes i've inflicted onto my body. I've been ridiculed countless times about my view on how i live with old scars. I see them as something i cant change and i refuse to be worried about them. They are there and if you see them its nothing you should need to worry about. 

i went off on a tangent as well, oops! 




 i've been in therapy for a year or so, and we're slowly figuring out what it is, this helps when i have to explain it to people 




 I'm so sorry that happened to you. From what i've read i feel that your boyfriend cares a lot about you, I'm glad you have that in your life. He could help you immensely.  




 I've read it so many times! I think its absolutely fantastic 




 that's absolutely terrible. Try to remember that she isnt the only opinion in the world, she could say the worst things, but i promise there is someone out there who is saying that exact opposite of you :D 




 Understandable, tons of people go through this. I am an open atheist in my house but my parents aren't very religious. Just remember you are in control of YOU and no one can dictate what you believe in 




 that could work, i dont know how to use flair, but if someone could explain it i'd be happy to do it! 




 thank you so much, it was a dark time in my life, but i've grown from it 




 that has to suck. I get really angry when people try to tell me praying or god is the answer. I usually yell back! 




 thats terrible, i cant believe someone would do that as a joke! And thank you, i'm a lot better now, it was almost a year ago, i'm attempting to recover 




 im so sorry that happened to you, 




 she shouldnt act like that. How does she think that will help you? public humiliation isnt the way to go 




